B00004Z459|5.0|This is one of the best debut albums that I have heard. I was able to hear a couple of the songs before the CD was released and could not wait to hear the rest. &quot;One Step Closer&quot; is definitely my favorite song on this CD. But the rest of the songs are just as good. I think this CD is a great buy for any music fan. Whether you like the rap/rock style or not, I think this CD can be enjoyed.
0811826848|5.0|Wow. First off, one can't help but marvel at the fact that this book is HUGE! This makes every other Beatles biography look rather pathetic in comparison. The sheer number of superbly reproduced, and more often than not never-before-seen, photographs is mind-boggling. This is the absolute definitive story of the Beatles, as told by them, so all the speculation and conflicting stories that have surfaced in previous books is completely irrelevant. If you are a Beatles fan, then this book is an absolute MUST. And believe me, once you buy this book, you will be able to retire any and all of your existing Beatles biographies for use as coasters, placemats, puppy training papers or the like. I also strongly encourage you to look into the new CD, &quot;Beatles 1.&quot; All 27 of the original number 1 singles have been digitally remastered (spectacularly, I might add!) and the sound is unbelievable.
B000051VWW|5.0|Come on, people!  Get real.  Love Deluxe was an awesome album, no doubt, but why would Sade come back after her long hiatus to put out an exact replica or if you will, a sequel?  Lovers Rock shows an artist who's matured, mellowed and has found her voice again.  These constant comparisons between one album and another are senseless.  Sade's new album is geared towards people that know what love is and what its absence means to the soul, electronic instruments and all.  I loved every single song on this new album.  It was definitely worth the wait.  Those of you who are looking for rehashed Sade, stay clear; this album is the effort of a serious artist who's willing to try something new in order to get her message across.  However, the sensuality remains, as does the skillful songwriting, sensitive lyrics and a singing style that is unparalleled in the music industry.  Bravo, Sade! Welcome back.  I, for one, have definitely missed you.
0800139151|5.0|In the town of Redemption, the ultimate gunfighter tournament is held, organized annually by the town's fascistic dictator, Herod (Gene Hackman).  Every hour on the hour, a duel is fought.  Those who win (&quot;The Quick&quot;) live to duel again tomorrow, and are another day closer to claiming the ultimate jackpot.  Those who lose (&quot;The Dead&quot;) end up as corpses, stripped bare by the town's penniless vultures.  Among those entered in the contest are Herod himself (the unrelenting defending champion many times over), the Kid (he of questionable birth), Cort (an ex-virtuoso gunfighter who's now a man of the cloth entered in the contest against his will), and most mysteriously, Ellen (who's come to Redemption for redemption, natch).  It is a fabulous setup for a movie, providing excellent sustained suspense during the tournament, and enough time between duels to flesh out the relationships between the characters and to try and understand what has gone on in their pasts to bring them to such an unenviable present.<br />Most of the actors are wonderful here, understanding that beyond the seriousness of the subject matter, the movie is really a comic book come to life, and should be imbued with a sense of fun.  Hackman and DiCaprio (the Kid) give the best performances.  The former is evil personified, fully relishing his role as the object of everyone's hatred, and knowing that he can crush the town like a bug if he chose to.  The latter is brimming with youthful ego and energy, sure of his gunplay but tormented by his misidentity.  Russell Crowe is also good as the brooding Cort.  He is an actor of such visceral intensity that he could go through an entire film without saying a word, and you'd still be sure that he was a serious badass.  Also good, in smaller parts, are Lance Henriksen and Keith David as arrogant gunslingers, and Gary Sinise as Ellen's father in flashback.  His scenes are emotional and painful to watch, but quite central to the movie's themes.<br />Sharon Stone, well, what to say about her.  Her overacting renders her bland.  I guess the best impression I can give you about her performance is that, even though she is the central character and the above-the-title star, when I think of this movie I always forget that she's even in it.  At least she doesn't get in the way of the other actors.  That says it all, I suppose.<br />Anyone who's familiar with Sam Raimi's early work (the 'Evil Dead' films come directly to mind) will recognize his distinctive visual style.  It's like Sergio Leone on acid.  His camera moves this way and that, in a very kinetic and addictively campy manner.  He gives you camera angles and shots that few others would dare to try (the famous bullet's-eye-view shot as it travels through a gunfighter's eye socket comes readily to mind).  It's his directing that elevates this movie above the standard spaghetti western rip-off.  He makes it great fun.
0553573403|5.0|A Game of Thrones is gripping from the very first page.  There is more drama, mystery, suspense, action, intrigue, and emotion in this book than seems possible.  It is seemingly inconsievable to create a world in fantasy that is as true to life as the reader's own, but George R. R. Martin did so.  I cannot speak highly enough of Martin's skill as a storyteller.<br /><br />The characters in this book are fantastic.  Anyone who does not find themself aghast in their complexity is not reading the same story.  Unlike most authors, Martin has absolutely no qualms about killing a main character.  The reader never knows where one will end up with this story.<br /><br />Magic exists, but it does not show up.  The reader knows that dragons exhisted at one time, but they are all gone now.  (or are they?)  The history of Martin's world is another absolute plus.  People actually remember the past and celebrate it in this book.  This element only enhances the story.<br /><br />Martin is unbelievable in his talent.  With this book, I found myself doubting whether he was writing a fictional account of his own world or a history of our own.  I cannot recommend this book highly enough; I only wish it were longer.
B000000OE7|5.0|Rock has gone through big changes since Nirvana released &quot;Nevermind&quot; in 1991 and Freddie Mercury died in November of that same year. Even Kurt Cobain lamented in his suicide note (penned just two years after the legendary 1992 Freddie tribute AIDS benefit concert) that he wished he could have had that union with his audience that Freddie had. In 1995, even though some of the material were brand new versions of songs that were only 4 years old (recorded shortly before Freddie's death), the rock trends had changed so much by that time that this release seemed like a retro flower in a rubble-ridden &quot;alternative&quot; environment. Even Prince (considered &quot;the last hope&quot; in pop music by some), during a feud and protest with his record company, practically disappeared, changed his name and released only old music while his new music remained unreleased during this time. When he resurfaced in 1996, too much time had gone by for people to notice. In short, &quot;Heaven&quot; seemed like the last spasms of what used to be a rock scene brimming with possitive, promethean, inventive and yes, sometimes cheesy, schmalzy Spinal Tap, but gifted music. Once one of the many Godzilla bands in the '70s and early '80s that most critics couldn't wait for to go out of style, in '95 this release was so out of place, it was almost like seeing a ring-tailed wolf-boy at your local mall. Now that the market is saturated with screaching white male hip hop and head banger metal that is more intense than whatever was going on in '95, this is basically a re-polished artifact from an era as old to today's generation as The Beatles seemed to us in the '70s, '80s or early '90s, even though it's only 5 years old.<br />This has to be the worst time EVER for rock music. And for all the attacks, hatred and backlash disco suffered, rock music may be getting some it's own backlash coming up because of the rut it is in. (I think Elvis Costello said it best &quot;Anyone can do punk,but that doesn't mean anyone can do it and be good&quot;) It's all my fault of course, but in the meantime, hear the beautiful, unrestrained muse in the title track and the remaining Queen members amazing reworking of this 1985 Freddie solo song. It sounds better and more original than ever. And the '95 version of the Roger Taylor's &quot;Heaven For Everyone&quot; would've easily been a Top 40 hit in another era and brightened up the radio with it's irresistable melodies and calls for world peace. A rare 1988 Queen B-side is also rerecorded here, as is some Freddie solo material, a Brian May solo track sung by Freddie from the late '80s is here, the ironically titled &quot;Too Much Love Will Kill You&quot;, but the most chilling music, the NEW music recorded when Freddie was sick with the disease, is unbelieveable. You can hear the strain in Freddie's voice in songs like &quot;Mother Love&quot;, &quot;You Don't Fool Me&quot; and &quot;A Winter's Tale&quot;. It would almost be unlistenable if Queen weren't such a great band to listen to. (Brian May once said that the Freddie's vocals were recorded at a snail's pace. Because of his illness, a half hour per week was all that Freddie was able to do) There's alot missing, creative wise, from them of course. It's been that way since their late '80s albums progressively got more and more light, harmless and adult oriented. There's none of the hyper-literate, impossibly complicated and diverse sounds of &quot;Queen II&quot; and &quot;Sheer Heart Attack&quot; or the modern (in the '70s at least), encyclopedic epics like &quot;A Night at the Opera&quot; or &quot;A Day at the Races&quot; and they seem completley out of touch with the current sounds, but fans have been used to that for some time but have gotten cozy with their more low-key, &quot;mainstream&quot; sounds. With this release, as with anything connected with them, there only comes a sigh of ecstatic relief at glimpsing at the heavenly possibilities that still area potential in rock but stay confined to those outsiders who still wish to try. Oh hell, Queen is not the last word. Great music will always be made. You just have to look for it or create it. But &quot;Made In Heaven&quot;, at times, takes you places you forgot it was possible for rock to go. And it's the much needed missing link that completes one of the most unbeatable album catalogues  in rock and has their hero go out in style. Don't miss it.
0553108034|5.0|I know that it has been said, but George R. R. Martin is the best author in the business.  No one can match him in character development,attention to detail, complexity of background, plot twists, or plain old fashion surprise.<br />I must keep harping on the character because they are what make this series great.  Robb's development as a leader is completely believable, as is his foil to Jeoffery.  Theon was not all that you thought he was.  In Stannis, Martin has created a character of complete moral rectitude, endowed with strength, courage, and conviction, who is utterly without likeability.  He is the hero that you want to hate, while Tyrion is the villian you want to love.  This host of characters delievers the real emotion of human life that is so seldom found in literature.  Compared to almost any other score in fantasy, these protaganists and their foils come out on top.<br />The story is just as diverse as the characters in it.  The plot unfolds with more surprises than even A Game of Thrones.  Yet unlike most fiction, this story rings true.  Somehow the world could be like this.<br />This story should however come with a warning: A Song of Ice and Fire is not for the faint of heart.  Unlike with Jordan, there is no reassurance that good will triumph, and that is painfully apparent.  This is a world of stark brutality, and anything can happen (most of it bad).  War is not glamourous, knights are not chivalrous, and maidens are not modest.  THIS IS NOT A HAPPY STORY, AND BAD THINGS HAPPEN TO GOOD PEOPLE.<br />Perhaps this very characteristic is what makes this series so great.  A Song of Ice and Fire is not a children's fairy tale, nor should it ever be presented as one.  Yet neither is life often the stuff of stories.
B00003CXDF|4.0|Forget 1996's often-confusing series kickoff. (Mission: Improbable was more like it.) Even without the lit match and fuse, this sequel is a distinct improvement.<br />Sure, Cruise flashes those pearly whites for all he's worth, but this Mission gets spectacular when director Woo, who can add the right action tonic to most anything ordinary, sets fire to the screen. He's a perfect coconspirator, introducing enough gadgets, stunts and effects to keep the pace pumping along and the audience's collective breath held tight.<br />The plot is nothing new--very much of the 007 variety--as Polson and too-cool Rhames help Cruise try to derail the dissemination of a killer flu virus by the bad guys. But Newton, normally seen in reserved period pieces, certainly has enough sex appeal to keep the boys--both on the screen and in the theater--rapt.<br />A sexy thrill a minute flick.
0812932293|5.0|Refreshing biography of one of our most innovative entrepreneurs!
B000051VWW|4.0|Nobody makes pain feel as good as Sade. Since her 1984 debut, the oh so sensual chanteuse Sade Adu and her moody groovers Stuart Matthewman (on guitar and sax), Andrew Hale (keyboards) and Paul Spencer Denman (bass) have made a successful career out of their exotic, down-tempo odes to love and loss.<br />In the eight years since they released their last studio album, Love Deluxe, Sade has, if anything, gotten sultrier. And with today's marketplace dominated by hyperperky teen pop, she returns as the Anti-Britney. (sorry Brit)<br />With a sound that's strikingly real for these digitized times, Lovers Rock doesn't look only at the rocky side of romance. The disc-opening single, &quot;By Your Side,&quot; with its arrangement laying bare, a simple yet poignant lyric, is positively uplifting. Even such sad songs as &quot;King of Sorrow,&quot; &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot; and the achingly beautiful ballad &quot;It's Only Love That Gets You Through&quot; attest to the adage that what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. And with Sade, the melancholy makes for some mesmerizing music.
B00003CXE7|3.0|The main problem with Gladiator is its limited script.  It cannot really grasp anything, nor provide much of an intellectual dialogue.  However, Scott who of course made Blade Runner, Alien, and Thelma and Louise crafts a film out of a skeleton of a film.  Crowe is completely furfilling in a worthy succesor role to his oscar nominated performance.
0140143505|5.0|The first time I found this book I was 16.  Just like Helene Hanff I wanted to go to London, to walk down Charing Cross Road, to see these book stores, to hold these books.  The letters are remarkable.  Helene talked about books like they were old friends and Frank appeared to have the same friends.  Soon Helene was sending food packages to celebrate special occasions with the people in the shop and they were sending her secret thank you notes so Frank would not find out.  Helene made plans to come to London, but something would always happen to delay the trip.  She had wanted to go to London to see the coronation, but found that the only crowning she would be attending involved teeth.  London changed from the time just after the war to the Beatles.  London was still there, but the people she had wanted to see and who would have made the visit special drifted away.  Helene said in the book that someone told her London existed in exactly the way you wanted to find it.  She said she wanted the literary London and he told her it was there.  I found Helene's London.  I did walk down Charing Cross Road and into the shops.  I found the books and the people who are selling them.  I still believe this is one of my favorate books.
B000002G7E|5.0|I had read a little while ago that my favorite current bands had been greatly influenced by Velvet Underground. I was curious so I decided to order White Light/White Heat, since it was the album that I had heard the most about. Although I can't compare it to any of VU's other albums I can say that this album is great in and of itself. It truely creates its own genre, one of dark pop/rock music, although even that label is not totally acurate. It opens up with the energic, semi-blues feeling, pop song White Light/White Heat. The Gift is essentially John Cale telling a story about a man named Waldo mailing himself to his girlfriend, over guitar, bass, and drums. Lady Godiva's Operation, a personal favorite of mine, is a somewhat dark song about, well, Lady Godiva having an operation. Here She Comes Now, another of my favorites, is a short, light song with the same basic words repeated and a catchy toon. I Heard Her Call My Name is a chaotic, guitar powered song. Sister Ray is a 17 minute song, but still manages to be catchy, and not seem too long. Although the album essentially sounds like a demo tape, it's a darn good one and I highly recommend it.
0887307396|3.0|&quot;Built to Last&quot; is very similar to the book of Peters and Waterman in terms of content and composition with a little difference, that is methodologically this book is stronger because the theory is worked to be proved by investigating  two companies in selected sectors, one of which is very successful and the other is less successful or completely a failure.<br />You can find important considerations concerning leadership and its mission and function for an organization. The vitality of organizational values, innovation and running risk, challenging goals, organization culture, vision etc., are stressed by the authors. This book is one of the books which propose time and culture free universal principles. You may be pleased by rhetoric, but you must be alert.<br />Overall, I recommend this book to readers who have not yet read &quot;In Search of Excellence&quot;.
B000002B7Y|5.0|This CD rocks! Its definatly heavier than his previous albums, but thats what makes it so awsome!! Zakk wylde does an awsome job on every song, and Ozzy sounds great as he always has. MIRACLE MAN and CRAZY BABIES are two of the best songs, but they all are great! If you like Ozzy and you dont have this CD you better get cause your missing out on some great music!!!
B000002KKS|5.0|So Ozzy hates this album. So what?! It's Black Sabbath! And yes it is! This album really left off where Never Say Die was. Many hated this album cause of the new singer Dio. Well as he said on the Mob Rules...&quot;YOUR ALL FOOLS! THE MOB RULES!&quot; lol. I know I forgot to say something good about this album cause it's that good, but maybe I'll remember by the time you email me. Let's review the songs.1. Neon Knights- A classic song. You hear it and thats it! 95%2. Children of the sea- I was like &quot;What the hell isup with this title?!&quot; when I bought this album cause like many I already had all the Ozzy era Black Sabbath and one fames track from &quot;Master of Reality&quot; album was Children of the Grave. I had to ask what is up with that. Well Theres nothing in common with these tracks. This song is somethng of a doomsday song but is not a heavy Geezer thing! lol. 90% 3. Lady Evil- Yes watch out for Lady Evil! lol. Good Song! 85%4. Heaven and Hell-NO WAY IN GOD YOU COULD NOT LIKE THIS TRACK UNLESS YOUR A BLIND OZZY FAN! This track is truely a hit. I think of it like the Stairway to Heaven of Black Sabbath. It's truely that good! 100%! + 100% =Perfect!5. Wishing well-Good positive track. Sounds good. 90%6. Die Young-heres some Magic! A Great song. Somewhat soft tho. But thats part of sabbath......remember Changes?! 90%7. Walk Away-Yeah DIO! THose ladys always only do me wrong too! This is a song for all those guys ot there. I think of it as a mans song. 95%8. Lonely is the Word- So true. Good Track. 85% A few albums to buy if you like this one: The Mob Rules(Black Sabbath), Holy Diver(DIO), The Last in Line(DIO), Dehumanizer(Black Sabbath),and Never Say Die(Black Sabbath).
B000002H33|5.0|Cliff Burton's last album is definitely one of Metallicas best!! This album is just plain heavy, and the songs are all long and there isn't one bad one on it. There all great, from BATTERY and MASTER OF PUPPETS, to the last song DAMAGE INC, this CD will blow you away!
B000002KET|5.0|If any album is going to come across to you who Black Sabbath is then this album wold have to be it. While it was a tad more keyboard thanks to Rick Wakeman it has it's heavy monments. This by the way was my first Black Sabbath album I bought. It was enough for me to go buy the next 2 or 3. This is the album for a beginner of Black Sabbah and thats why I give it 5 stars. Now lets review each track:1. Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath -Is the most heavy song on here. 90%2. A National Acrobat -Very different and powerful stuff. 95%3. Fluff -a soft instrumental. 70%4. Sabbra Cadabra -A love song. Tho Sabbath isn't really a hippy band as many fans of Black Sabbath would say this song will prov that Ozzy probly could have been in a hippy band if it wasn't for the GEEZER! 85%5. Killing Yourself To Live- Heavy song. Not easy to forget! 90%6. Who Are You?- MY fav. song on this album. Nothing like the normal Black Sabbath song! Very evil sounding track that sort of sounds like a techno meets heavy metal. It's really a good track even tho many reviewing this album said different. 100%  7. Looking For Today -My copy had this song last cause it was the (...) version of the album. (Theres 3 versions of this album including a remastered on by Castle, a Warner brothers version, and a (...) version made by &quot;Dorchester Holding?&quot;) Do not by the (...) one cause sound wise it's off. and it has no art or nothing except a front cover. The song here is a ok song thats good morning music. 75%8. Spiral Architect- A super track! Sad and powerful. Ver much a Sabbath song! 95%   If you like this album please try the following albums: Paranoid (Black Sabbath), Sabatage (Black Sabbath), Never Say Die(Black Sabbath),and Blizzard of Ozz(Ozzy Osbourne).
B000000W5P|5.0|This album is good, yeah, but I don't see what all the fuss is about.  &quot;Miss You&quot; was a #1 hit but I personally don't like it.  It was a sell-out type thing.  &quot;Shattered&quot; was good when it was included on the '81 live album.  &quot;Respectable&quot;,&quot;Before They Make Me Run&quot;, &quot;Just My Imagination&quot;, &quot;Some Girls,&quot; and &quot;Beast of Burden&quot; are all very good but the rest of them don't do anything for me.  I find &quot;Faraway Eyes&quot; to be a joke.  Which is what it was intended to be but it's not even funny.  That's the worst track on the album in my opinion.  It's a good album because of the afore mentioned songs but tunes like &quot;Faraway Eyes&quot; just drag it down.  If the filler songs were replaced with songs of a higher caliber (think Beggar's Banquet thru Exile on Mainstreet) then this could be a truly great album.  But it's good anywayz.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|You must buy this CD. IT is incridible. I was a little iffy at first, and once I bought it, I was glad I did.
0451169514|4.0|When I first looked at the book it was a little intimidating, a 1000+ pages might make you want to rent the movie, but don't.  The book is one of the most descriptive and indepth books I have ever read. The characters; Beverly, Richie, Ben, Bill, Mike, Eddie and, Stan, are so real you feel like your a part of the Lucky 7.  The way King has Pennywise (an evil clown who lives in the sewer) haunt or scare the kids is great.  The story bounces back from 1958 to 1985, its a little confusing but you get use to it.  It will keep you on your toes.  When Mike find out that after 30 years pennywise is back, they all come together to get rid of him once and for all.  When they were kids they all promised eachother that if he came back the would unite to get rid of him.  The entire book was written flawlessly, The only complaint I have is the ending is to scattered with a bunch of things, I got confused.
0385493800|2.0|The Testament was not one of John Grisham's best works.  I found myself putting down the book numerous times.  There was a great story line, but there was minimal character development.  I had a hard time relating to them because of their shallowness.  The novel drags too much to have hooked me.  All in all, I think The Testament was poorly written compared to The Chamber and A Time to Kill.  Watch the movie
1573226521|3.0|This book is a very quick and enjoyable read. The only reason I even considered reading this book is because I'm going to Thailand for 3 weeks and a friend mentioned that the movie was filmed in the area we'll be staying. It was fun to read about some of the places we'll be. I got the feeling that the author was trying to write `Lord of the Flies' for the X-generation. The best way to describe the book is a cross between `Lord of the Flies', `Apocalypse Now' and every other Vietnam movie made. The author makes many references to Vietnam. I haven't seen the film yet, but I think this could make a better film script than a book. The first third of the book was very interesting as the author sets up the environment. The middle gets a little bogged down especially as the main character has weird conversations with his conscience in the form of another character that dies early in the book. I got the feeling that the author was trying to say something deep about human nature, society, etc, but it doesn't come across. The ending was very exciting and would make a good film ending, but in the book it wasn't a surprise. From about half way though the book I knew what was going to happen the only question was who was going to die and who wasn't. Overall, I only enjoyed the book because it's about an area that I'm going to visit. As a reader born one year before the author, I didn't find that he had anything profound to tell me about my generation although it certainly seems like he tried.  I would only recommend this to people either visiting or returning from Thailand it has very little to offer other than a decent story.
B000002U9E|5.0|Here's an SAT-ism to tell you how I feel about Kate Bush. Joni Mitchell: acoustic guitar::Kate Bush:keyboard<br />This is really two mini-albums in one: Hounds of Love &amp; The Ninth Wave.  Hounds of Love is a 5-song EP, and The Ninth Wave is a 7-song conceptual piece.  I've always been a big fan of Hounds of Love, and have always found the songs to be her most accesible, and for 10 years I've loved the first side of the album.  I don't think I ever really fully appreciated the genius of The Ninth Wave, though, and its really taken me this long to love it.  <br />I first listened to this album in 1990 when I was 20, and The Ninth Wave was almost intimidating to me.  I could never get into the many layer of sound and sound effects, but I finally picked it up again after 10 years.  And I'm really disapointed with the impatience of a 20 year old who never gave it the chance it deserved.  As my musical tastes matured, I've gone to look back over all the artists who helped form my preferences, and I can see how much of an influence Kate Bush has had on me and on the artists that I love.<br />There is no way that most people can appreciate Kate's works today.  Only the most precocious of teenagers or the most diversified of adult tastes could really understand the talent that went into making this album.  Now I'm hooked on Kate Bush again, but this time the addiction is deeper and stronger.  I hope there are more artists beyond Tori Amos who count Kate amongst their influences, because we need more music like this today.
B00003CXCS|2.0|This movie is one of my favorites. That is why I was very disappointed with the DVD transfer. I wonder if any one else has noticed the distracting and discernible changes in the color in the scene where Maria first meets Captain Von Trapp, which detracted from my enjoyment of the movie. Was this present in the original film? I expected better from a DVD which is THX certified.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This CD is my absolute favorite CD ever. I listen to it about the total of at least an hour, every single day. I'll never get tired of Eminem. He speaks his mind and that's part of what makes his music awesome. Plus, his songs all have really good beats. And his lyrics get his point across. But a lot of the time, his rhymes are just to make people laugh and shouldn't be taken seriously. I love Eminem's music so much.       And it's good for any mood. If you're angry, it lets out some of your anger. Or if you're in a good mood, it puts you in a better mood. It's perfect to listen to when you're bored.      But if you're a goody-goody, or just can't stand curse words or fictional violence, then don't get this CD.
B00003CXE6|5.0|An powerful empire,a new ruler,and a man worthy enough to  change a dynasty,a slave who would become a gladiator, a man who become legendary to his people.Ridley Scott's epic so beautiful so intense , so gripping , and so dramatic that it can only be  called truly epic.Academy Award nominee Russel Crow gives this  Roman epic life in his role as Maximus the brave slave general who is betrayed by his empire for not complying with the wish  of his new ruler Commodus (Joquin Pheonix) who has forced him  self as the new ruler of Rome by killing the previous Ceaser  for not giving Commodus rule over Rome.Commodus is a pitiful  ruler that is calculating , benevolent , pathetic , hateful  when Maximus refuses to take Commodus's hand in rule he finds that he pays the price when he looses everything dear to him and is forced into slavery to become a Gladiator , when he  becomes a great Gladiator he is given the honor to fight in  the colloseium when he becomes a hero amongst the people he is forced to give his identity as Maximus the general gaining  the support from his men , he devises a plan to escape and join his soldiers to build an army to overthrow Commodus from power when Commodus finds out the plan of Maximus he gives  the people of Rome a chance to see the great fall of the  great Maximus by challenging him in one on one combat to  the death , Maximus see's this as a chance to bring Rome  out of chaos and give it the order and freedom it deserves <br />for it's people in doing so he will risk his life to be the greatist hero Rome has ever known.<br />    Russel Crowe is an even more fitting potrayal of a  Gladiator then even Kirk Douglas he gives his charachter  more depth and a human side , it's evident that Crowe is one the best newcomers hollywood has ever seen he is very versitle in films and Gladiator only shows that to an even greater extent.Joqiun Pheonix is a great match for Crowe  giving Commodus depth and making us feel pity the he is  the way he is and his hatered for Maximus and his uprising. Ridley Scott has an imaginative veiw to detail as some of  the set's are detailed to what Rome would have looked like in this time the costumes accurate and the cinimatography is astounding.This may be an action movie but this movie  is worthy of it's predeccesors Sparticus , Ben Hur ,  Cleopatra they don't even near as get close to the vison of Rome the empire then in this movie.So people invest  in a DVD player cause this one is well worth the money  a truly epic film.
B00000DCHI|5.0|MUSICAL FIREWORKS! I remember when people were talking about this undiscovered genius (&quot;The Stranger&quot; had not yet been released) who wrote great songs. Everyone was hearing his name but didn't know what he had written. That all changed with &quot;The Stranger&quot;. Joel was diverse in his style of music yet always consistent in the quality of his performance. This two cd Volume One &amp; Volume Two is jammed with a dozen years of great music. I've already listed my three favorites on this collection. The whole &quot;Stranger&quot; LP could have been a greatest hits LP, that's why six of the nine cuts from that LP were included here. The one song missing was &quot;Honesty&quot; from &quot;52nd. Street&quot; (I bought that cd just to have that song in my collection). In &quot;Goodnight Saigon&quot; Joel never wrote better lyrics. I remember how moving the video was. &quot;Goodnight Saigon&quot; is the empitome of the anti-war songs written during the 60's and 70's. I'm moved on every hearing of this one. The &quot;Innocent Man&quot; LP was another greatest hits collection of great music. Joel is not Dylan but about as close to him as any rock n' roller since. A must have cd for any serious collector of serious music. &quot;New York State Of Mind&quot; and &quot;Scenes From An Italian Restaurant&quot; deserve a mention too. It's difficult not to talk about each and every song in this collection.  ps: listen to Streisand's version of &quot;New York State Of Mind&quot;, really terrific! Midler does an interesting version of &quot;Say Goodnight To Hollywood&quot;. And, lastly, Barry White's version of &quot;Just The Way You Are&quot; sizzles like only Barry White can. His version is very different from Joel's, successfully making it his song too.
B000003BEV|1.0|This album tries to copy Sgt. Pepper's, but beatle's is much much much better.
B000001GXI|5.0|this is the most beautiful music i have ever heard.  the srastro is wonderful as well as the chorus.  great recording.
B000000OU4|5.0|This is one of the more difficult PMG albums to like.  What has changed most since the previous studio album ('Letter From Home', but can it really be six years earlier) is the rhythm.  It isn't just that the personnel have changed -- Pedro Aznar has disappeared, to be replaced yet again by Messrs Blamires and Ledford.  No, for this album, the compositions are guided by the new groove, a sort of Metheny hip-hop, minus any rap.<br />Some, but not all, of it works.  None of Metheny's subsequent albums has followed this path.<br />Well worth the price alone is a wonderfully exuberant track #4, 'To the End of the World', which provides empirical proof that there is a God.  Structurally, it's a re-working of 'Are You Going With Me' to the new groove, but there is no harm in that.  I could swear that even the intellectual Steve Rodby gets funky for a few seconds!<br />A fascinating aspect of the sleeve notes is where each artist lists seven or eight albums of the past.  It doesn't say whether these are their most influential albums, or their favourite albums, but there are a few surprises.  Guess who lists Stravinsky?  Beefheart?  Wayne Shorter?  (Three of them, actually.)<br />No Metheny compilation would be complete without track #4.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Gone are the days of &quot;When I Come Around&quot; and &quot;Brainstew,&quot; but who can complain.  This band has done nothing but impress in a genre where people have little tolerance for anything that changes too much, or just refuses to change at all.  Luckly, Green Day has changed just right.  They had finally hit the nail on the head with &quot;Kerplunk,&quot; and &quot;Dookie,&quot; sidesteping only slightly with &quot;Insomniac&quot; that seemed to be a thrown-together rerun of the previous two.  &quot;Nimrod&quot; wasn't perfect, but it reminded the world that Green Day wasn't about to roll over and die when pop trash was dominating the airwaves.  And now, with fellow California rockers &quot;Offspring&quot; making an equally enjoyable comeback, Green Day has managed to come full circle back to punk brilliance, while evolving at the same time.  &quot;Warning&quot; reminds us how much fun alternative music can be.  This album belongs in everyone's collection.
B000051VWW|3.0|Like one of many I am a HUGE fan of Sade but I must say I have mixed feelings about this long awaited album. I'm a bit disappointed. It took her 5+ years to come up with this? Don't get me wrong I would pay to hear Sade gargle but each track sounds a bit like the last - or is it just me?  Sade's lyrics never disappoint and each track is good but I must say I am a bit disappointed with their unoriginality. No track stands out but the overall groove and sound is unmistakably Sade and succeeds in putting you in a mellow mood. Buy this CD if you are a Sade fan and, like me, would buy any thing she puts out but if you have never heard Sade and want to check her out, I would recommend starting with her one of her past recordings.
0671578855|5.0|I almost made a mistake.  I almost failed to read this book.  As a big fan of the Miles' series, I was dismayed and disappointed to read that A Civil Campaign would be a romance.  A romance!  I do not like romances!  But a friend loaned it to me, and I grudgingly opened it and...and...the book reached out, grabbed me and wouldn't let go until I finished it.  Bujold takes the romance conventions and simply uses them to frame a wonderful story.  There's a dinner party that I can only compare to Charlie Chaplin at his best, i.e. just when you think nothing else could go wrong--something else does until just about every guest at the dinner party is just about ready to kill every other guest.  This is definitely a &quot;don't miss&quot; for Miles fans.  I would not recommend it though to beginners in the series.  I think it would be hopelessly confusing.  For anyone who hasn't read the series, I suggest starting with Shards of Honor and working your way down through the series.  Know that I and the other fans envy you as you read these stories for the first time.  But for long-time fans like me, don't let the fact that its a romance stop you.  This actually is one of the best in the series.  My only concern is that Bujold is tying up all the loose ends too well.  Is the series ending?(Tell me it ain't so!)
0808514628|5.0|I remember i first read this book when i was in Grade 8. My mom had told me about it, and i couldn't find it in any bookstore. I finally found it in our library at school and was spellbound the minute i picked it up. My mom had always said that i reminded her of Francie in a lot of ways and when i read it, i felt like i was reading many of the same thoughts i had had! I'm 22 now, and have an old copy of the book that i cherish greatly..it is my favorite book and i am a voracious reader! Francie's story rings so true, it doesn't diminish with time at all. I highly recommend it to everyone!
B00004SYWZ|5.0|KICKS ASS!!! MEMS is a-ha´s magnum opus--a masterpiece of brilliant rock synthpop, 13 atmospheric gems, each possessed of a unique, delicious melody and the whole a work of great unity and beauty. I bought this CD on May 30, 2000, the day it was released across Canada and from the first listen I was blown away. It remains, and will certainly remain, a favorite CD, comparable in quality and longevity to Depeche Mode´s Violator and The Cure´s Disintegration...<br />Buy it and help me pray that a-ha will embark on a large, worldwide tour after their Germany-Japan touring stint.
B0000041A9|5.0|Beethoven's cello sonatas are not as widely known as his symphonies, concerti, piano sonatas, or even his string quartets or violin sonatas.  Yet they are among the finest pieces of music ever composed.  The five cello sonatas span most of his composing career, with two (Op. 5) from his early period, when he was composing much in the style of Haydn, one (Op. 69) from his middle period, to which most of his most popular works belong, and two (Op. 102) that ushered in the intensity and introspection of his late period.<br />Richter and Rostropovich give passionate, vigorous performances here.  They have clearly thought every note and every phrase through, and, having done that, hold nothing back in the performance.<br />This set would rate five stars at twice the price.
B000002HAJ|5.0|I love this album. I am a hardcore Cure fan--along with DM they are my favorite band--and this album ranks with Disintegration and Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me as a Cure masterpiece--long, lush, passionate, melodic, moody, ethereal, atmospheric, poetic, dreamy, intelligent, shadowy, boiling with power and emotion--The Cure at the height of their artistic powers--66 minutes of inspired music and phenomenal musicianship. Like Kiss Me, Wish is a long, rich musical journey through the diverse topography of emotion--the first song ¨Open¨ is a rough, rocking rampage where drunken libation becomes nightmarish; the towering ¨From the Edge of the Deep Green Sea¨ is like the soundtrack to an epic love poem--at once raging, impassioned, desperate, and bleeding with angst; and the gorgeous ¨To Wish Impossible Things¨ is a gentle ballad of infinite beauty, so tender, serene, and melancholy--one of Robert Smith´s most beautiful performances, his voice painting a soft dreamscape of bittersweet memories--all weeping clouds of silver, sweet glades of perfect love lost, velvet starry nights gone and radiant suns set forever... True Beauty and Wondrous Art.<br />The other 9 tracks are all excellent.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Ok, Here goes. Chocolate Starfish is an excellent album. I admit there could be a little improvement, but its great anyways. All these people seem to complain about lb, but look, I actually bought this cd, because as usual they were out to please the fans.... When was the last time you saw that price for a cd. And when was the last time a band gave concerts for free? Oh yea and the best track is definitely Livin' it Up. All the lyrics are great and its beat never stops.
B000002JSV|4.0|I have gradually accumulated all of AC/DC's discs, and Powerage was one of the last ones I bought. That was my loss, because it has jumped to the front of the line in terms of favorite hard rock cds. Malcolm and Angus come up with some of their best riffs ever, and Bon Scott is terrific. What I like most is the bluesiness of the tunes: &quot;Down Payment Blues&quot; is one of the best songs these boys have ever recorded. &quot;Riff Raff&quot; absolutely smokes. The production is excellent, featuring a stripped-down, no-frills guitar attack. Angus' solos are marvels of minimalism. This album is a definite peak in the band's long career. Sure, Highway to Hell is a great disc, but in many ways, Powerage is even stronger. In my opinion, this is the one AC/DC disc to own from the Bon Scott era.
0553106635|5.0|Over the last few years, I have grown tired of fantasy books that put out cookie-cutter characters in cookie-cutter worlds.  Pulling one's hair when angry does not a character make.  Mr. Martin, however, is so adept at creating characters that, not only is it impossible to predict their next act, but you never know whose side to be on.  Character decidedly evil in the previous novel(s) suddenly are sympathetic, heroes suddenly no-more.  Unlike so many fantasy authors, character's motivations are not couched in ideas of good and evil.  Rather, each character acts based upon what is perceived (by them) as USEFUL or NOT USEFUL.<br />Martin is excellent at moving these characters around like chess pieces, each move increasing the tension and the opportunity for conflict...each move providing for the opportunity to fight or flee...each move leaving you with equal parts hope and fear.<br />This superb character development (unlike most other books whose characters are stagnant) occurs within a mysterious world that Martin takes the time to explore in this book.  The geography is expanded in this book substantially, although the maps could be better - they are hard to use to find places.  However, he is starting in the books to bring out the more fantastic parts in most other fantasies (i.e. creatures and magic).<br />Many authors, fantasy or otherwise, often finding themselves creating a world that is so specific that it lacks an overall believability.  Other create characters so one-dimensional that they lack credibility.  Mr. Martin's books, this one in particular, succumbs to neither of these issues, creating a unique, interesting and ENTIRELY UNPREDICTABLE world.
B000002JPA|5.0|As some reviewers have said, in a world full of meaningless music, Dream Theater make a huge difference and constitute a sigh of relief. During the 90's, when so many artificial musicians almost flooded the market, this band released one of the best albums I've ever heard. I &amp; W, more than an album, could be considered a concept in music; the rich athmospheres the band generates on each song is, unquestionably, the work of real proffesionals of music. Apart from being five top virtuosos each on his particular instrument (the vocals included), one can hear the fine embroidery of sounds that never overwhelm the listener, but enrich the whole experience of sounds. Songs like Pull Me Under, Metropolis Part I or Learning to Live convey the theatrical grandiosity of progressive rock from the 70's, but have a modern sound which make them a real new experience. And if you want to be astounded by their viruosity, just listen to Take the Time, with its incredible riffs of guitar and keyboards playing as one, or the magnificent guitar riff in Under a Glass Moon, one of the most imaginative and rich guitar solos in the history of rock. The lyrics always fit perfectly with the rhythm and feeling of each song, making the experience of listening a more comprehensive one. And, as I said before, the athmospheres the band achieves on each track attest the work of real pros. No doubt, musicians can learn a lot listening to the music played in this album.
B000051VWW|4.0|First off all, I'd like to say I'm happy that Miss Sade is back, and to say thanks for her move back to studio. I've read many review by fans and non fans. Most of them were good, but there were some tough ones! And I must say I understand all of them, because the first time I heard to Lovers Rock, was a bit strange. I got a big thrill realizing that Sade was back, but at the same time I had Love Deluxe in mind and couldn't accept the direction that Sade's music has taken. In fact, her voice is still enchanting, and there's nothing more to add :) but one can be desapointed that the music stands a bit light. An 8 years break deserves much more, but that's my opinion. Still, I can't stop playing the CD and the more I do, the more I like it. Nevermind, I miss live instruments like Matthewman's sax and sometimes I say : &quot;Hire a drummer please!&quot;. Sweetback's music is cool because it makes a lot of experiments, and they're good at this game, but I know they can rock the house with a sound a bit more real. When I listen to Sade's first album, I cann't help by missing that kind of instrumentation though the music on lovers rock is respectable. So thanks again, but don't go deeper in exploring sounds! And whatever we say, Lovers Rock is worth buying and... listening (better carefully!). Peace
B00000J6AG|5.0|Epic, startling, experimental, and ever-shifting. There are a few missteps, but the amazing soaring heights than make up for these few lows. It soothes, and it energizes, the production is handled beautifully, and sound quality is of the highest calibre. This is absolutely an album not to be missed, everyone should give this one a good look. Don't lend it out though, I just got mine back after four months of missing it. It's addictive and memorable. Oh yeah, and I love the album design, though the essays are somehow inappropriate. The pic of Moby on the back is priceless. standouts: Porcelain, Why Does My Heart.., South Side, Natural Blues, Machete, Run On, Inside, My Weakness
0375704027|4.0|\\"Norwegian Wood\\" is the novel which catapulted Haruki Murakami to national fame in Japan. The two volumes of the original edition - one in red, the other in green - were an essential must-have accessory of Japanese teenage girls. They took whichever volume fitted best with their dresses along to school. The appeal to female readership is no accident. \\"Norwegian Wood\\" is essentially a love story where a young undergraduate college student, the narrator of the novel, has to choose between two girls. Both girls are scarred, though in different degrees, by tragic events, and both experience the emotional helter-skelter of adolescence. They feel confused, sad, lost, alienated, helpless, bored, angry, empty, out-of synch, and most of all, they are trying to make sense of it all.<br />What makes this novel special is the compassionate distance of Toru Watanabe, the narrator. Murakami has a unique talent of depicting emotions in a restrained manner which brings out the humane core in the often odd and unusual behavior of his characters. And he does not intrude upon the \\"world\\" of his protagonist: implausible and invented as it is, the story appears realistic and coherent. Murakami, unlike other Japanese authors, likes to include Western culture in his works. One example of this is his use of Western novels in the construction of \\"Norwegian Wood\\". Toru Watanabe, the narrator, is modeled in many ways on Jerome D. Salinger's \\"Catcher in the Rye\\", his college friend Nagasawa resembles the \\"Great Gatsby\\", and part of the novel is set in a sanatorium which hints at Thomas Mann's \\"Magic Mountain\\".<br />If you want to get a feel of the original edition, you may want to buy the paperback version published in Great Britain from amazon.co.uk which comes in two small volumes (red/green) in a box. Unfortunately, the books were printed in China and the binding seems to be of poor quality: the first 30 pages of volume one came loose from the spine when I read the book.<br />Haruki Murakami is one of the most interesting authors I have read this year, and \\"Norwegian Wood\\" gives only a limited impression of his abilities. For a more comprehensive experience, which I do recommend, I suggest his collection of short stories \\"The Elephant Vanishes\\".ami is one of the most interesting authors I have read this year, and \\"Norwegian Wood\\" gives only a limited impression of his abilities. For a more comprehensive experience, which I do recommend, I suggest his collection of short stories \\"The Elephant Vanishes\\".
B000002KE2|5.0|This album simply rocks. Crank up 'Supernaut' and see if you can escape. <br />The coolest thing about the tunes here is that they shake the usual format up a bit by adding a maraca here, an acoustic interlude there. I love the sustained doom of Paranoid and Black Sabbath, but this one, when it's on, is just full tilt boogie. <br />Seems that after all these years when we were told that Oz and Co. were Satanists they were actually just self-motivated hard rockers. I don't see the Satanism. And besides which-isn't Satan only scary if you are a die-hard God believer? Not to open up a religious discussion, but Ozzy sounds like a man who is torn; much like the God-obsessed Prince he isn't always sure which way to turn. But man it makes for some beautiful art. <br />Oh yeah, did I mention 'Supernaut'? That song rocks. Pump up the volume.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Listen to these songs...one by one and then listen to whatever else you currently are playing...then listen to these songs again and again. Everything else out there is someone trying to replicate the fab four! For those who grew up with The Beatles &quot;you know what I mean&quot;! For those who are young or students of music, listen, learn and experience it...it doesn't get any better!<br />Paul forever!
B000002NHN|5.0|This CD changed my outlook on the power of music.  I love Jimmy Buffet and David Bowie and 1,000 other greats of the last 20 years.   But this album opened me up to a complete new experience of music.  It is powerful.  I am giving it as Christmas presents to family members.  Not a really academic music critic, I will make this simple for you.... It is something different, special, and very fine.
B0000087QO|4.0|Actually, Parallel Lines was the very first record I bought.  Unfortunately it turned out to be warped and my mother commited a travesty by returning and exchanging it for an ABBA album.  I guess Blondie was a bit too racy for a seven year old kid.  Anyway, this is the album I remember most from them and has some of what came to be their biggest hits.
B00003W8NM|5.0|First off, I'd like to acknowledge that prior to seeing this movie, I'd never call anything having to do with Brad Pitt a &quot;classic&quot; or &quot;commentary&quot; of any sort. After seeing Fight Club, however, I've changed my opinion about him. He and Edward Norton performed beautifully in this film, gradually and insidiously changing and shifting depending on the scene. Visually enjoyable to watch, beautifully shot with wonderful lighting and cinematography, this film transcends the celluloid it's on. At once an insightful and merciless commentary on human psychology, male identity, and anarcho-socialism, this is undoubtedly one of the most intelligent and undeniably true films ever to grace the screen. Stanley Kubrick would be proud.<br />     Many people I know decided not to see this movie because they assumed it was an action movie, a stock Hollywood crap-film about guys beating each other up for no particular reason. No wonder; the trailers for this film were awful. If you're reading this review, deciding whether or not to see this movie, I'll just say that this movie is probably the best movie of the past few years, and arguably one of the best ever. On so many levels, Fight Club is a brilliant film which will challenge and torture your mind for days after you see it.<br />     See it.
B00004Z311|5.0|I loved this movie, both versions. Let me give you my opinion of both and then you can see them by ordering this DVD! I saw the US first as I live in America. I LOVED IT! Tim Curry is excellent and the music was haunting and very creepy. While the pop songs are good they were uneccessary. BUT, TD's score deserves more praise than it gets from people. Jerry G. score is lovely but at times it is TOO lovely. His score for the Darker parts of the film do not come close to the errieness of TD's music and the music for the waltzing dress is boring compared to TD's version in my mind. I would have loved to have a melding of the scores, Jerry's music for the non-darkness parts and TD for the Darkness parts. Also the editing on the US while it cuts out key scenes actually seems smoother than some of the edits in the European version which at times looked to me like they just chopped something out in the middle. I haven't seen the DVD versions yet just a converted PAL and the US release. Anyway, see both versions and make your own choice. I think they both have good points.*I just wish I could have seen the REEEALY long version people say the movie was originally, way more than 2 hours from what I have heard!!
0679879269|3.0|I loved &quot;The Golden Compass.&quot; I was intrigued by &quot;The Subtle Knife.&quot; And I tried to prepare myself to be a little disappointed by &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot;-- trilogy conclusions are rarely as good as the first book. But I had hopes. The first two were so good....<br />This was nowhere near as good.<br />The various plot threads are all wrapped up, more or less. But the ending is forced. Other reviewers have pointed out the flat and inconsistent characterizations, the scattered plot, the valueless sub-threads (like Father Gomez). The useless spyglass. And even those who loved the book found the ending of the romance disappointing.<br />Ultimately, the book fails to deliver on the themes that were begun in &quot;The Golden Compass,&quot; including one of the most important. Am I simply not getting it? How was Lyra's position anything comparable to Eve's? She finds love (with almost no character build up), she gives it up for the sake of the world(s). As other readers have noted, she's arguably a Christ character. But not much like Eve. Unless you count the temptation to sex (in a world with giant apple trees that contain the essence of sentience), and frankly, I don't think that was especially plausable. Eve, according to Judeo-Christian theology, succumbs to temptation (for knowledge, not sex) and gets everyone kicked out of Eden. I suppose Lyra resists temptation (to continue a relationship) to help everyone build a new Eden. But it's a tenuous connection at best, because the &quot;only one window, not two&quot; argument is so weak and last-minute, and she and Will can only affect one world each at best, with no way to travel between them. (And if Pullman wanted to redefine Eve to mean something else, a lot more work was needed.)<br />Aother of the great disappointments was the hesitant flirting with Wisdom. Evidently Pullman has come across feminist spirituality interpretations of gnostic gospels and eastern church references to a female Wisdom character (Sophia) who predates Yaweh (in some traditions). I kept waiting for him to develop this theme. Instead she (Xaphania, the only female angel) merely appears as a &quot;Deus ex machina&quot; and answers the kids' questions before sending them on home. I suppose Pullman realized he was getting too close to replacing a God with a Goddess, and backed down rather than give up his anti-theistic theme. I suppose that's forgivable, if all he wanted to do was write entertaining fiction. But if he wanted to actually make a point about theism, it's an act of cowardice.<br />Unlike most other reviewers who panned this book, I don't mind the anti-organized-religion slant. As a Quaker, I'm not much on organized religion myself. I didn't think the book is as inherently anti-Christian as some of the reviewers seemed to think, either. To my mind, Lucretia Mott had it right when she encouraged us to &quot;doubt more, in order that we might believe more.&quot; Looking at other possible theologies can help us get at the root of what we really believe. But I think Pullman ran out of steam --or maybe even courage-- before he finished developing his ideas. This book needed at least one more major rewrite before publishing, to shake out the loose pieces and add the richness to the characters and themes that was so evident in his earlier books. Maybe Pullman was just too tired to do the necessary work. Or maybe the publisher was impatient. Or maybe Pullman himself started to lose faith in his anti-theism, and didn't have the courage to write details that would force him to acknowledge his dependency on divine powers in the story (Xaphenia, the angels, and most of all, Dust).<br />I gave it three stars, because it's worth reading, if you liked the first two, just to tie up the loose threads. But it's not on par with them.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Well worth the money.  There are 25 minutes of deleted scenes, but the best part is the 7 minutes set to music of unused footage.  You'll see why.  I don't want to spoil it for you.
B000002TQV|5.0|One of the best album of the 90's, it's very different from OK computer, I would say that they're more traditional and use less electronic beats.  This is an album that is relaxing and still rocks.  Just go out and buy it, you won't be disappointed.
052594527X|5.0|I truly enjoyed this book, and anyone who likes crisp, simple fiction will too. This is something of a coming of age tale, seen through the eyes of a XVI or XVII century girl and set in the home of the fictionalized painter Vermeer.  Anyone who has looked at Dutch paintings will have enough to go on as you imagine the scenes.  This is not meant to be a fancy book, but rather made of of short sentences, few characters...really nice!
0800116917|5.0|Lawrence of Arabia is filled with the mystery that was T.E. Lawrence which include his being  very sharp, intelligent, a mascohist for both the English and the Arabs,but in very diffrent ways, and being gay, which in the desert becomes his salvation, but with the British his torment.  .<br />T.E. Lawrence was very essential in reminding the British of their obligations to the status of the Arab tribes that they dismnissed as so much sand from the deserts. He incluturated himself with the desert dwellers, knowing their tribal customs, sharing his spirit of comraderie and eschewed the British mandate to exploit and draw Feisal into a web of political intrigue that even Feisal could not escape frpom. Lawrence knew how tricky the British could be, how deceitful. When Feisal falls in with them, and Lawrence perceives that he himself has been used, he knows it clearly, and then we see his romantic idea of desert solidarity with the predatory British register as a sad delusion from which he wakens, which takes us back to the beginning with his motorcycle mysteriously crashing on a road as he tries to avoid on=-coming bikers. Or is this first scene of death to be coupled with the final scene, which is a kind of death...a visionary who knows when to turn out the ligts when there is nothing more to be seen?<br />The sweep of this film reflects the deep Romantic pull that Lawrence so painstakinly details in the 7 Pillars of Wisdom..a must for those who love this film. The desert sequences are part of his love for Arabia, and the music of Maurice Jarre increses that sense of nostalgia and scared memory of the desert for Lawrence that made him dedicate himself to the Arab people and become so identified with them, as he could not as an illigitimate child in rejecting England. In the face of Peter O'Toole you can read the fascination at finding at last a still point, if you will, a place to suffer for, and not just be a politicalk pawn for the British, whose interest in Arabia was only for profit and power.<br />The film details the personal life Lawrence lived there, his friendship with Ali, a love affair of chaste proportions in the film, but much more one hopes off camera. In this Lawrence found a way to express himself, be accepted, dress up in feminie gear, the long white gown, the headdress, etc. and be saluted and praised as a man who could do it all. He played gender games and sexual politics to the hilt, and he reveled in the desert that made it all possible, and the open-minded Arabian men, for him at least, who allowd him his sexual orientation and cared nothing about his illigitimacy. When he has to shoot Gassim in the film, the sense that he is ill with his homosexuality seems to come to the fore..contact with violence western style drives him into thinking about himself as perverted, a sexual toy for the Turkish, no longer the lover by the oasis with the guiless arabs who admired his ambiguities and loved him because he was not really British, but an adopted child of the tribes he encountered without condescension or cynicism.  Lawrence of Arabia is filled with these actions and subtexts, and it is all perfect in scope and cinematography and acting. Perfection , and more even, with the director's cut edition. <br />This film I have seen over 100 times in the theatre only, and here is where it must be seen. But with DVD perhaps a semblace of the richness of its backdrops and the vitality of the character of Lawrence himself will come through.<br />Buy this film, watch for it at cinemas..it shows up from time to time. It is an stupendous event!<br />Also, purchase the Soundtrack..a great piece of music that will bring you back into the film time and again.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is my first ever DVD, and I can't think of a better way to start &quot;DVDing&quot;. The soundtrack happens to be also my favorite CD, with memorable songs that complement perfectly the feel of the movie. The movie starts off in 180 A.D., in the finale of the wars in Germania. Russell Crowe is Maximus, the legendary General who wins the war for Rome and its caesar, Marcus Aurelius. Aurelius is old and has to choose a heir to the throne; but, instead of choosing his own son Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix in an excellent performance) he decides to elect Maximus as his succesor. This isn't seen well, obviously, by Commodus, who kills his father before he's made his decision public (Maximus had made it clear that he would refuse, anyway) and proclaimes himself new Emperor of Rome. Maximus doesn't support this new Imperator, and Commodus orders him and his family to be killed. The attempt on Maximus fails (else we wouldn't have a story), but his family's killed, and he vows revenge. After burying his wife and son, he's so beaten that a group of slave traders easily captures him, converting him subsequently into a gladiator. His combat skills are so good, he soon becomes a superstar among gladiators and is sent back to Rome, to fight in the Coloseum. He's in Rome, so is the Emperor...you can imagine what comes next. Although the movie's a little too novelesque at times, its all done so well that you can't do anything but like this movie. The bonus features of this DVD will entertain you on their own, even without the movie itself. All in all, its a great buy.
0679879269|4.0|I first heard this book from a former teacher and I knew I had to get it. So I checked out of the library and it was good but it gets side tracked. It also descipes humans as stupid and the cause of mistakes and also they kill the Authority which is god. It also as I menchened it got side tracked with Mary Malone and the Mulefa. Now it did have it's moments like when the sword breaks and they have repair it. Also it was good when Will ans Mrs. Coulter fight for Lyra. It was contained until when the President of the Consitorial Court of the church kills himself to kill Lyra. All in all it was a fairly good book.
B00000163G|5.0|the title says it all, this is the best album 2pac has ever put out along with makaveli the don killuminati....here you can listen to the raw, gangsta side of tupac....great beats, great flows, great everything.....you will never get tired of listening to this cd, it's filled with dope songs that could've made the cut on the greatest hits cd like &quot;ambitionz as a ridah&quot;, &quot;only god can judge me&quot;, &quot;can't c me&quot;, &quot;holla at me&quot;, and &quot;heaven ain't hard to find&quot;....with a pack of star guest appearances you can't resist this great effort by the greatest rapper of all time, believe me, i have listened to many rap artists before and no one has quenched my thirst for great rap music like Tupac has....other than a ONLY couple of weak songs there is no flaws on this album, buy it today!
B0000214F0|4.0|I watched this with a Friend one night.  It made us stop and think was the Roman Empire really like this?  We experimented and found out that some of the scenes we were able to duplicate and others it would have been impossible, without killing or seriously maiming one another.  At the very least, the King was a cruel and extremely sadistic individual.  No wonder the Roman Empire fell.  This seems to explain that society as a whole has evolved little over time and that we have not really changed very much; just that we hide and harbor some of our thoughts, actions, and reactions.  We not only watched it once but several times and each time that we discovered serveral new unexplored and untried aspects we had not realized prior.  What a great movie.  I would not even allow children or even young adults watch this one.
0385501005|5.0|I will be blunt: this book is great. Mr. Commitment is the story of Duffy, a guy in his late twenties trying to sort out his love life. It is touted as &quot;the male Bridget Jones,&quot; but I think it kicks Bridget Jones' butt. Where she was whiney and annoying, Duffy is funny and charming. His smart, satrical patter and his love for his girlfriend immediately drew me in. Mike Gayle writes in a very realistic manner, so reading this book was like a sneak-peak into how guys think. A refreshing must-read for any romantic, such as myself.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Let's get this out of the way:  the songs are great - From Love Me Do to Eleanor Rigby to Let It Be.  However, if you're a tyro trying to get some deeper insight into the Beatles' brilliance, you'll be disappointed - this disc just scratches the surface of their greatness.  The Beatles often (or usually) put out singles that did not appear on their albums, so on much of this disc, their real story (i.e. themes, songs, and ideas from the albums) are missing.  For instance, Revolver is represented by two songs, Sgt. Pepper and the White Album have NO representation on this disc, and Abbey Road and Let It Be have only two songs.  And one can question why The Beatles would even feel the need to put out this kind of album.  That said, this disc provides a small glimpse into why they are immortal.  Each song is a winner.  No group will ever again put out such high quality music in such a short career like the Beatles did; that's why they're the kings.  Enjoy the disc, and then buy everything else they put out.
B000050XEI|5.0|I just picked up A Day Without Rain, and all I can say is Enya has done it again! This music is amazing - just when you think she can't top herself, that you've heard her best, it just keeps getting better. This album continues with the wonderful, harmonious, perfect Enya sound. You'll find a mix of songs from instrumental songs to those sung in English, Latin and Gaelic. When I put this CD on, put on my headphones and started listening, I was immediately engrossed, swept away to a place far away. The music has the power to evoke wonderful emotions and feelings, and will live you with a wonderful, refreshed feeling. To compare this release with her prior albums can't really be done - they are all fantastic. This release merely continues the tradition of wonderful music. There is a mix of slow, flowing tracks, uplifting toe-tapping tracks, and there is even a 'dark' track or two in there. I would give it six stars if I could.
B00004YW6I|1.0|Certainly Polly's worst disc to date- although clearly her cutest photos.  It only took her 7 albums AND living in New York to finally heed her press and actually imitate Patti Smith (vocal on 'Good Fortune') Entirely unoriginal and derivative.  This record also features the new, small sound of PC/MAC recording- although the liner notes clearly show analog Studer 2&quot; tape machines.  She desperately needed Flood to mix this mess and give it some sonic size.  If you're an audiophile, there's little to get excited about regarding the calibre of the recording.  If you're a fan, expect no growth or artistic maturity here.  The melodies are far too simple and undeveloped to be of any interest and the lyrics are far from confessional.  Lack of a significant staff at such an historical label as Island Records I'm sure had much to do with all of this.  Let's hope she gets dropped by her record company and re-signed somewhere where they have a staff that will push her to do better work.  Polly has such potential.
B00004XMVL|1.0|great visuals,good premis, who ever put this cast together, well, needs a vacation, BAD!the entire cast sleepwalked through the     entire movie. next time get REAL actors.enuf said.
B00004Y635|4.0|Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) is hiding from the world in the hills some place, she has literally disappeared off the face of the Earth. But when more killings start happening on the set of the new movie Stab 3: Return to Woodsboro, Sidney, Gale (Courteney Cox Arquette) and Dewey (David Arquette) must return to the silver screen one more time to discover the third and final killer.<br />I love this movie so much it is pathetic. But the movie is far from pathetic, Scream 3 is clever, interesting and adorable. The cast all pull of excellent performances, Neve, Courteney and David are all extremely watchable, Campbell in particular is amazing as Sidney. The newcomers aren't a touch bad either, Parker Posey and Deon Richmond are hilarious and Scott Foley is watchable as Stab 3 director Roman Bridger. I recommend Scream 3 for all fans of the series, it is absolutely horrifying in a funny way. Catch the first 2 films first, but, for your own good, do watch this.
B00004U8H4|4.0|What a wonderful movie this is! The triumph of form over content portrayed with icy precision. Characters acknowledge each other  mostly in terms of self-absorbed one-upsmanship. Surface and ritual reign supreme, indeed characters confuse each other's identities with neither thought nor consequence. Sex, for Patrick Bateman (as probably for all others) is  an expression of vanity and power, nothing more. Patrick Bateman's only moments of true passion and fulfillment occur when he kills. Irony and paradox: does he kill so as to feel alive and vibrant, or does he kill precisely to feed his need to suppress feeling, like an alcoholic drinks to suppress his need for alcohol. Feelings, after all, are messy, not very elegant.  Irony itself conveys a measure of elegance. Thus the movie comments on itself. AmPsy is not really satire. There is no real madness or wackiness here, nor does it carry that element of pratfall, grotesquerie, reality turned inside out to affirm itself, which underly satiric points. It's a disquisition on a decade, a perspective, a way of being that is still very much part of us today. Perhaps now we do it a bit more vulgarly.  There is keen pleasure in realizing that the camera itself, more than words, is the scalpel for the irony which defines this chilly tale. I bet the screenplay is relatively short. Don't miss this film. It's also very funny. You just have to meet Patrick Bateman, a really swell guy.
B00004U30D|5.0|Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) is a man going through a mid-life crisis. His wife won't have sex with him anymore, and his daughter thinks he is a loser. That is when Lester gets inspired by Jane's best friend Angela Hayes (Mena Suvari) to break free  and turn his life around, and a result, turning everyone else's lives upside down.<br />American Beauty fulfills all areas to perfection. The acting is overwhelming, the screenplay is original and clever, the direction is amazing and the music is stunning. Congratulations to everyone involved in the making of American Beauty; you've just made the best film of all time.
B00005176F|5.0|I urge you to buy every Blur cd you can find. I have every one of their cd's, and all of thecd singles, and some silly interview discs, but I will buy this as well, because I am a mindless consumer and i love Blur. It is my hope that someday, if we all join together, we can help Blur sell more records than Oasis.  Blur vs. Oasis...it's never over!!
B00004Y62T|4.0|Anthony Minghella, director of the Oscar-winning flick The English Patient is back with another beautiful film. Matt Damon plays Tom Ripley, who kills his new best friend Dicky (Jude Law) and then tries to get away with it by becoming Dicky himself.<br />The Talented Mr. Ripley is extremely underrated, I don't know what everyone is complaining about. This film is one of the most intelligent, most intriguing thrillers in a pretty long time. The Talented Mr. Ripley is also overflowing with brains and imaginative ideas, and these things make the small flaws almost disappear. Recommended.
B00004Z4SD|5.0|To be completely honest, I was against the rental of this movie when my wife wanted it a few weeks ago. Here I was wanting to see some action, shoot-em-up type stuff, and my wife wanted to see a guy on a tractor! Over the years of my marriage, there are things that my wife does that constantly remind me of why I married her! I loved this movie and it WILL be sitting on the DVD shelf right along with my testostrone pumpin' favorites! Richard Farnsworth made me BELIEVE in him and his mission to see his brother. I really found myself cheering him on as he crossed the country. A true effort, it's too bad we lost this actor recently. He will be sorely missed. Hollywood needs MORE actors with the genuine nature that this man held! 5-star winner!
0425152251|5.0|Sophie gets free philosophy lessons first through mail and then in face-to-face dialogs with her middle-aged volunteer philosophy teacher Alberto Knox. The lessons always immediately work into the story. The early lessons just cause her to ponder some questions and make some peculiar remarks. Toward the middle of the book, it gets more interesting. After hearing Alberto's lectures on the Idealists Spinoza and Berkeley, Sophie like any reasonable person dismisses them as madmen. Not so fast though, because Alberto points out their ideas are not easy to disprove. In fact it soon becomes totally obvious they were correct and this insane theme takes over the second half of the book. The final philosopher studied was Sigmund Freued, Oedipus complexes and all. His ideas were illustrated with a decadent, surrealistic &quot;philosophy party&quot; which of course I'm not going to give away here.
B0000009S3|3.0|Zappa's greatest talent is on display here - musical production.  He dresses the slight, airy, and thoroughly mediocre compositions on this record with an attractive sheen and makes them sound like something you wouldn't be ashamed to be caught dead playing.<br />In fact, careful scrutiny of Zappa's career will result in a conclusion that he was a skilled recording engineer/producer and marketeer, as well as a capable lyricist and social satirist.  But musical composer?  Hardly. As one of his ex-drummers once said in anger &quot;His whole (half-hearted> approach to music is copped from a handful of sources - Stravinsky, Captain Beefheart, and Edgard Varese&quot;.<br />Speaking of Beefheart, his primeival and powerful turn at the mike on &quot;Willie The Pimp&quot; is a highlight here.  But not much of one.  This is diposable music made by a man who had glimpsed true genius (Beefheart's &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot; was produced by Zappa at about this time), pronounced it as not commercially viable, and went on to foist a load of mediocre blues-based jamming on his listenership for the next 20+ years.
B00001U0GQ|4.0|This DVD is the 'Directors Expanded' version of the film. I had only seen this film once prior to buying the DVD so cannot really comment on to what an extent the film had been 'expanded' by Michael Mann's re-editing. Though the film is good the DVD in general is let down by poor DVD extras. Namely none. The only features it boasts is THX sound and chapter selection which let's face it you get on every DVD anyway. I will say that despite a very lean DVD in terms of extras the actual film itself excellent - very enjoyable to watch. The story is a great one and the action is adrenaline pumping without showing too many human entrails. You do however have to suspend your disbelief once or twice - especially when Daniel Day-Lewis (very good as the white son of a mohawk) lapses into a puzzling Irishness in the climatic moments of the film (urgently screaming to a shocked Madeleine Stowe &quot;I will foind yoo no matter wot occurrrrs!&quot;) A recommended film to watch but you might want to wait for the DVD re-release of the original film in January 2001 to see what features that disc has to offer.
B000002H97|5.0|It doesn't get much better than this.  Every song is great.  The songs are shorter.  Metallia tried new things and it worked!  Nothing Else Matters and the Unforgiven are unlike anything Metallia has previously has written.  They are much slower and the lyrics are very deep.  Whereas Of Wolf and Man is pure rock.  It is very aggressive.  Enter Sandman is very creative.  It defines Metallica.  This is a great for a first metallia cd.
B000050XEI|4.0|Ya know, when I heard her last single from her greatest hits album, I was like, man, she's lost it.  Whatever she does next is going to [stink].  I was wrong.  This is perhaps her most refined album yet; the gimmeckry of cheesy newage pop gives way to plaintive, earnest ballads and simple arrangements whose synth-coated melodies are very palatable, even to the sophisticated (i.e., classically trained) ear.  Now, it IS simpler in format and structure than her previous outings.  The piano arrangements are the usual progression of 3-ascending-3-descending minor chords (that, and she's demonstrating this weird penchant for waltz time in many of the songs), but her voice has lost none of its beauty.  And man, when you have a voice like that, it just doesn't really matter WHAT's playing in the background.  If you liked Enya's previous albums, you'll really like this one.  No guarantees you'll LOVE it.  But this is Enya doing what she does best-- building on her roots as an 80's new-wave artist/folk singer (see her work w/ CLANNAD), and making an intriguing highbred of music that is honestly her own.  Honestly, I like her darker stuff better, so the early works like THE CELTS and WATERMARK remain my favorites.  But this is definetly worth the purchase, both for intiates and devotees of the Celtic chanteuse.  I would honestly love to see her move in a more experimental direction, but that's clearly not her thing-- this album, apparently, took 5 years to make, and you wouldn't suspect it unless you listen REALLY carefully to the quality of the editting and technical work (again, the songs betray their own simplicity.)  So go for it; there's none of the anthemic marches like there were on MEMORY OF TREES, but it's just...well...pretty.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie was absolutely amazing. It has everything: eye-popping special-effects; a fast and exciting plot, interesting characters, and did I mention awesome special effects?
B00000J7RZ|5.0|This CD is a great debut for a talented singer.  The songs get you moving and the ballads get you thinking.  No matter what song, they all keep you singing.  I cannot wait for her next CD!
B00004VVNB|4.0|&quot;Logan's Run&quot; is a big budget sci-fi classic of the 1970s which ranks with &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; and &quot;The Andromeda Strain&quot;. In its day it was the most ambitious science fiction movie ever made and it doesn't fall short of the quality of &quot;Star Wars&quot; if you look at the details and the overall &quot;feel&quot; of the film stock. The cinematography and production values are pretty good, especially the interior sets of the Sandman headquarters, Carousel and the full-sized glass travel pods. One wonders, however, what the filmmakers were thinking in filming real life holograms - which look anything but three-dimensional on the screen. But the combination of the rich Jerry Goldsmith score and the fairy-tale quality of the story (Box is right out a Grimm tale with elements of Frosty the Snowman) help make &quot;Logan's Run&quot; an engrossing, though simple tale of a flawed utopia. Matte paintings of the Lincoln memorial look obviously fake on DVD but one cannot help but admire the classic techniques of illusion in film before the digital era.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Britney Spears' new album does not meet my expectations, but is not a complete bomb. Oops I Did it Again was a good song, but radio stations overplay it. When I listen to the radio at home, in my car, and everywhere else, I always hear Oops. I Can't Get No Satisfaction was a good song, but not accompanied by Britney Spears' bubble gum voice and the very irritating &quot;uh&quot;s. Lucky is the only song I would rate 5 stars. Where Are You Now and When Your Eyes Say It can be considered &quot;filler&quot;. I would recommend loaning it from a friend or downloading some MP3s to see if you like it before buying the album.
B00003CXDG|3.0|Mission Impossible, based on the TV series, should be about a team of spies destroying or an organization or government. Both MI1 and MI2 are not even close. The first one was a major disapointment when Jim turned out to be a bad guy (??). What is this deal about the bad guys also wearing mask...MI-2 is sort of like a &quot;James Bond&quot; sequence. I hope the producers will sit down a watch the original series again, before making a third MI will be done more properly.
B000003S2K|5.0|It amazes me that people think this album is not meant to be listened to closely, or not worth that kind of listening. I believe it stands up to the absolute closest, most attentive listening possible. I'm fairly certain I know why people say that though: they're literally afraid to quiet down and slow down enough to listen to it. The notes are so pure and simple that one must be willing to step out of the carnival of distractions we normally live in long enough to BE with this utterly, heavenly simple music.<br />That's what it is to me - celestial. <br />This is the logical extension of the concept that simplicity in music is a good thing - that a folk melody with three chords played and sang well can be excruciatingly beautiful.<br />Simplicity is hard. We run and hide from it, because it exposes us by removing the clamor that usually surrounds our thoughts. We're forced to actually be, actually think or contemplate with care.<br />I challenge anyone who thinks &quot;this isn't meant to be listened to closely&quot; to put on their headphones and sit in their favorite chair, turn out the lights, and listen, and tell me it isn't delightful. I think that angels incline their ears to music like this.
0679879269|4.0|No matter what anyone says, this book is amazing! It's a great story with an impeccable plot, as well as enchanting characters. It's pretty much worth what you pay. However, from a religious point of view, this book might be very offending for you, especially if you can't distinguish fact from fiction. If you look deeper, this book doesn't necessarily express the author's opinion.
B000002KIC|5.0|..... Namely Robbie Robertson, Levon Helm, Garth Hudson, and the late Rick Danko and Richard Manuel.  They are, without a doubt, stars that shone brightly from the day &quot;Music From Big Pink&quot; was released until Thanksgiving night, 1976, when &quot;The Last Waltz&quot; was recorded and The Band, at least in its original form, ceased to exist.<br />And speaking of stars - the cast of characters who showed up that night to, in the words of Robertson, &quot;help us take it home,&quot; is a veritable Who's Who of Rock and Roll.  (See reviewer &quot;Reed&quot;s mention of the parallel between the performers here and the inductees of the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame).<br />The Band members are in fine form, seemingly ready to tackle the road for another 16 years.  They play off one another beautifully on standards such as &quot;Stagefright,&quot; &quot;The Shape I'm In,&quot; &quot;It Makes No Difference,&quot;, &quot;The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down,&quot; and &quot;Ophelia.&quot;  Robertson seems to be playing otherworldly guitar licks. Danko is in fine form - his vocals are among the highlights of the show and his bass playing is extraordinary.  Manuel is as solid as ever on keyboards, while Garth Hudson just seems to play with effortless brilliance.  Helm's raw vocal style is a sheer delight, while he holds the rhythm section together with his superb drumming.<br />This show could not possibly have been an easy undertaking, with the diverse styles of the guest artists, not to mention their egos.  It was rumored that Bob Dylan had to talk Van Morrison into walking onstage after Van the Man had decided he didn't feel like singing that night.  For the most part, however, The Band sounds as though they had been playing backup for all of these people for years.<br />Highlights of the live performance are almost too many to mention.  The rousing &quot;Who Do You Love,&quot; by Ronnie Hawkins, former mentor to the Band members, is tremendous.  Morrison's &quot;Caravan&quot; is almost a show unto itself.  Eric Clapton nearly forgets to finish &quot;Further On Up The Road&quot; after Robertson stuns him with a searing guitar lick.  Muddy Waters' &quot;Mannish Boy&quot; has the Band whipped into a frenzy of admiration.  Bob Dylan's medley (After all, he IS Bob Dylan - why shouldn't he play more songs than the others?) of &quot;Forever Young / I Don't Believe You / Baby Let Me Follow you Down&quot; has Robertson and Danko scrambling to pick up Dylan's chord changes.  The result is great free-for-all jam.<br />The Band is to be commended for giving proper nods to many of their musical influences.  Doctor John's &quot;Such A Night&quot; is a treat, while the two Neils, Young and Diamond, turn in stellar performances, as do Paul Butterfield and Bobby Charles.  Ringo Starr and Ronnie Wood are there to help out with the finale, Dylan's &quot;I Shall Be Released.&quot;  Among the live performers, only Joni Mitchell seems oddly out of place.  Her uninspired &quot;Coyote&quot; just doesn't fit.  In addition, she manages to detract from Young's &quot;Helpless&quot; with an annoying tag vocal.  No doubt a talented and well - respected artist, Mitchell's sound simply doesn't mesh with those of the other performers.<br />If the live performances weren't enough, this disc also provides a spectacular studio version of &quot;The Weight,&quot; with The Staples adding a gospel feel to the classic song.  Also, Emmylou Harris adds a nice country touch with &quot;Evangeline,&quot; with Danko and Helm serving up great harmony vocals.  The new songs Roberston wrote for this recording are also excellent, especially &quot;Out Of The Blue,&quot; on which he uncharacteristically sings lead and turns in a fine vocal performance.<br />&quot;The Last Waltz&quot; is a one of a kind recording, with one of the top five bands ever assembled playing at their peak, not to mention playing backup to a couple handfuls of rock legends.<br />Every serious music lover should own this recording, as well as the video.  They capture a moment in time not soon to be rivaled. Perhaps Doctor John said it best - &quot;Such a night.&quot;should own this recording, as well as the video.  They capture a moment in time not soon to be rivaled. Perhaps Doctor John said it best - &quot;Such a night.&quot;
B000051VWW|5.0|Purity was always the sign of Sade. Her new album proves (once again) her incredible ability to touch one's soul deep inside. Sade's lyrics are intelligent and smooth.The instrument used are raw and heavenly scratchy. Sade's legendary voice is still like a bittersweet cherry: Beautiful and special, but not illusioned.My personal favourite is &quot;By your side&quot;.
B000002UAX|5.0|&quot;The White Album&quot; represents the end of an era. Although it was not the Beatles final album, it was the beginning of the end. The songs cover the range of the Beatles' great legacy. Solid rock is represented by songs such as &quot;Back in the U.S.S.R.&quot;, &quot;Birthday&quot;, Why don't we do it in the road?&quot;, and &quot;Helter Skelter&quot;. There are beautiful ballads such as &quot;Long, Long, Long&quot;, &quot;I Will&quot;, &quot;Mother Nature's Son&quot;, and &quot;I'm so tired&quot;. There are amusing songs like &quot;Rockie Raccoon&quot;, &quot;Savoy Truffle&quot;, &quot;Everybody's Got Something to Hide Except Me and My Monkey&quot;, and &quot;Honey Pie&quot;. All in all, there is something for everybody; if you don't like a track, you can skip to the next one. &quot;The White Album&quot; is an absolute classic!
B00004VXF2|5.0|Is this some kind of acid test for sanity?  If so, maybe I'm losing it because I like it.  I like it like I like the dull ache of my menstrual cramps, the beginning stages of caffeine withdrawal pangs, and the desperate feeling I get when three people are talking to me all at once, one of whom has a high-pitched child's voice.  Maybe I am not really going insane, as I have not dared to listen to it any louder than low volume on my computer, out of fear of what the neighbors will think.  But even at low levels, I have had the feeling at times that the neighbors are banging on the wall, only to turn it down even more and discover that I have imagined it, that even THAT sensation is derived from the music.  And music it is, despite what somebody who bought it from the cut-out bin at Grand Auto might say, feeling duped by the riveted title.  Perfect fourths are music's equivalent of a four-squared canvas for modern art, and they abound in this composition (the layman might hear it as &quot;Parisian Ambulance Noises&quot;.)  Never mind that the subject matter often seems to sound like wilted Dali-esque modems or small animals making Mandelbrot Set-like noises.  No wonder the cat likes it!!  It sounds like not-so-fit-for-survival dinner!  Plus, it makes me laugh when it abruptly cuts off after each &quot;track&quot;, kind of like when a cat decides he must quit the room.  It's the ultimate mood music for Hello Kitty and Felix the Cat.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Hasn't anyone realized yet that Britney Spears can not sing!!
B00003CXE7|5.0|From the beginning to the end of Gladiator, it is a true masterpiece of cinematic genius. Ridley Scott has outdone himself again. If you're a big fan of Epic movies you will NOT be disappointed with this movie. The visuals are stunning and action sequences are awesome. There is actually a love story for the girlfriend and wives to stay glued to the screen. Russel Crowe is outstanding as Maximus, and the supporting cast is very good. The character development could have been deeper, but to squeeze as much as they did already into 3 hours was pretty spectacular. I'm looking forward to watching this movie over and over. I will buy an extra copy in case I burn a hole in DVD ;p
B000023X9W|5.0|To the disappointed listener, the reason that it's difficult to figure out where Young went wrong on this one is because he didn't.....Neil Young is the only guy in the world who could sit on a stage, by himself with his guitar, harmonica and piano and play for hours with the audience in silent awe. NO ONE ELSE could do that. And these songs illustrate that perfectly.  Another advantage is that the CD sound actually sounds great on a high end audio sytem. Normally, today's pop CDs only sound good in a car or through a head set. So sit back, pour yourself some wine, lower the lights and laugh, cry, tap your feet, bob your head, whatever......I hope Neil is around forever.
B00004XPP0|5.0|Think back when you were a kid.......remember who every boy wanted to be? Yes Luke Skywalker. If you were the ladies man it would be Han Solo. If you were a girl then it would be Leia Organa. These are classics,One of a kind,and to top it off you never know when George Lucas is gonna pull it off the market. What was the hit movie last year? Star Wars Episode 1. Kids now know the beggining however many kids that I met went &quot; You mean there are other Star Wars Movies?&quot; That's sad. They made leaps and bounds in graphics and to beat it was one heck of a story line. Even my Parents still love the famous lines like &quot; I got a bad feeling about this!&quot; or &quot; May the Force be with you.&quot; The reason these are so dogone good is because the kids remember them. Your kids will also love the 10 min. preview on each video of Episode 2. I have to admit that this is one set I have got to get. Who could also forget the Blowing up of the Death Star and how we held our breath as we prayed the Transport would get away from Hoth. Yeah this set is a Classic!
B000003N7K|5.0|John Coltrane's ballads and standards draw you in to the heart of the lyric, even though no words come from his horn.  Johnny Hartman's deep, rich, wide, ringing baritone makes a cavern of melody and emotion.  Together, they'll push your whole world away and leave you nestled in a lap of calm.  Afterwards you'll wonder why other artists want to change these tunes into something foreign -- fireworks and pizzazz ... then you'll realize, it's because 'Trane and Hartman have already said everything there is to say in the tunes' original mood.
B00004SU5J|4.0|I couldn't resist picking up this CD after hearing it playing in my favorite book/coffee shop (which will go unnamed as I am writing on Amazon).  The first track, Rose Rouge, was what hooked me with its catchy, driving yet not overpowering percussion.  Its vocal reminded me of Tracy Chapman, an association I did not consciously make until my wife listened to it.  I'm not much of a jazz aficionado so other reviews will probably reveal more about the individual talents of the musicians.  I just know that I like the combination they have achieved.  This CD will be a welcome addition to the collection we play in the evening while making dinner and relaxing.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I never thought I'd see a movie as good as Braveheart.  But Gladiator is just as good if not better.  I bought the DVD today at Best Buy for $14.99 (los angeles).  The first time I saw this movie was at the movie theatre.  No other movie, especially one as long as Gladiator, has held my attention by the second.  I sat on the edge of my seat throughout.  My girlfriend liked the movie, however, not as much as me.  Go figure, I don't picture this movie to be a &quot;chick flick&quot; anyway.<br />This movie is well worth the price.  I would have spent more if I had to.
B000001FN3|5.0|When this album was originally released, I was too young and immature to appreciate it. I just purchased this digitally remastered version and feel like I have discovered a new planet. This album sounds as good as Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon (engineered by Parsons), but has a classical flavor which provides added layers of dramatic range and emotion to the music set against Edgar Allen Poe's imagery. While the songs aren't as catchy as the tunes on I Robot or Eye in the Sky, this album is remarkably well-crafted. Every time I play it, I hear something new and exciting. The performers and contributors to the album - every member of the now defunct Ambrosia, Leonard Whiting (Zeferelli's Romeo), Orson Welles, Andrew Powell to name a few - are all gifted and with Parsons weaving his magic - the result is, if not one of the finest albums of the rock era, certainly one of the best to come out of the 70's. If you enjoy Pink Floyd - give this a try.
3257229534|3.0|This is a good read, although it is very bleak.  Be prepared to have your dictionary in tow, as Schlink uses some esoteric words.  I read the English translation and it is rather free.  If you can, stick to the better: auf Deutsch.
0060930187|5.0|&quot;The Bell Jar&quot; is many things.  When you read it in your teens, like I did many years ago, it's a survival manual on how to get through the idiocy and incomprehension of other people.  When you're a bit older, it's a harrowing and scoriating tale of mental breakdown, given extra edge by the public history of its author.  When you're a bit older still (I am now about the age that Plath was when she wrote it), it suddenly reveals itself as not just an artful novel but a frighteningly funny one as well.<br />Even Plath's best poetry has been criticised for occasional glibness, and I have to agree.  The sardonic drawl of parts of &quot;Lady Lazarus&quot;, for example, doesn't move me like I think it's supposed to - Plath not quite on form can sound like a more extreme, free-verse Dorothy Parker - and the jackboot rhythm of &quot;Daddy&quot; goes on a few stanzas too long, like one of John Lennon's more doggedly sincere creations.  Plath's most brilliant poetry has a pure surrealism, a mythological quality, light years from this obviousness.  <br />However, in &quot;The Bell Jar&quot;, her liking (and talent) for cracking black jokes is in perfect sync with her panic and her fear of emptiness.  This novel takes bitchiness to epic extremes - it's hyper-bitchy, it's suicidally bitchy.  The flat, pale tone is always rendering things with the painful vividness you get from the early stages of a migraine.  I laugh out loud at Buddy Willard's pathetic attempts at seduction (&quot;Esther, have you ever seen a man?&quot;), and I also hate him for not being more stylish, for being such a smug, humourless prig.  The fat medical student who smirks &quot;At least your mother loves you&quot; is a tiny, unforgettable, unforgivable cameo.<br />Esther on boys is whipcrack lethal, and this is both funny and part of her tragedy.  I'll never forget the &quot;bitter, hawk-nosed Southerner from Yale&quot; who comes on all weatherbeaten and streetwise and then writes her a letter saying &quot;he thought he might be really able to love me, I was so intelligent and cynical and yet had such a kind face, surprisingly like his older sister's&quot; - Esther's reaction is &quot;so I knew it was no use&quot; and she breaks off relations with him.  <br />The reason this book isn't your average memoir of a depressed girlhood is that Plath wasn't just the wannabe journalist that Esther (and dozens of imitators) have been, she was an exceptional poet.  The underlying sensibility is obsessive, mythological, not novelistic.  Plath/Esther has an incredible sensitivity to brute Things, but she doesn't relish them or get curious about them the way a Nabokov would - she experiences them as weapons directed against her.  New York at night is not a fun place full of happy people, but a lonely hell of &quot;tropical, stale heat&quot;.  The UN Secretariat building is not a place where people work but a &quot;weird, green, Martian honeycomb&quot;.  The feverish style of the first half of the book is stunned into calmness in the second half, when Esther is institutionalised and has had ECT; but it does its work in putting us right inside the spiked, angry cell of Esther's mind.<br />&quot;The Bell Jar&quot; is a one-off.  Plath's other fiction is trivial next to it.  It gets better on rereading.  I'll probably always turn to it sooner than the poems; for all her demons, Esther is good company, and her story is told with great truth and great artfulness.
B0000524CY|4.0|Saw this film for the first time here in New York city on the big screen.Lots of fun - bggest comedy of the year! Favorite line &quot;Mom, what's wrong with me? Answer - Don't worry, just take your pills and you'll be fine!!Linda Blair as always gives a great performance - they should have given her the Academy award instead of nomination only!!
B0000028SU|5.0|We used the song &quot;If I should Fall Behind&quot; as our first dance at our wedding. The whole CD is wonderful. Fun and moving at the same time. The feelings inspired by each song will move you to tears. Listen once, and this will become a favorite.
B00004X01U|5.0|Yet another masterpiece from Madonna. Music is a solid good recording, with excellent tracks like &quot;Amazing,&quot; &quot;Don't Tell Me,&quot; and my personal favorite &quot;Impressive Instant.&quot; Madonna fan or not, albums don't come much better than this one, with an excellent variety of slow and dance tracks. The best track though, has got to be &quot;Paradise (Not for Me)&quot; -- haunting and yet another reason that this album doesn't disappoint.
B00001MXXG|5.0|Bueller?  Bueller? Ferris is a punk - but we cheer for him.  He still comes to mind when I want a day off.  It all makes sense really.  You have to enjoy the day. <br />This movie has the overall spirit of youth.  Go for broke - break the rules.  It's a lot of fun.
0140177396|5.0|This is a great story by a great writer. John Steinbeck is one of my favorite writers and he didn't let me down with this  touching tale of two friends who work the fields of California. I opened the book and didn't put it down until I was finished....I find that his characters are the best part of his stories. I really like how he makes his characters so 'human'. Steinbeck tells a story like some of the greatest artist paint pictures.
B0000024W3|4.0|When I first heard this album, I was blown away. It is so different than anything else of Dylan's...Your first impression is that he got really drunk one night and recorded a bunch of goofy songs just for kicks. But there are some great, great songs- Mighty Quinn, Days of 49, Alberta, Early Morning Rain, The Boxer...Dylan did an interview in the mid eighties where he said that he did the album to essentially &quot;de-fame&quot; himself, to get everyone to move on, because he couldn't live with his fame anymore. The album is awful, and wonderful at the same time. It's really histerical, one of my favorites is he tune where its just instrumentals and Dylan singing along, &quot;Doo Doo Doo...&quot; for like 3 minutes straight. The band backing him is horrible, worse than a high school garage band, but thats probably why he chose them. There's a lot of evidence that Dylan just didn't care about this album- people coughing, lyrics and notes messed up, etc- but it's hard to know what the real reasons behind Dylan making this oddball were...but I definitly recomend it if you're a fan...I think that he just wanted to do music that he liked, regardless of what people would say, and he didn't especially care whether it came out good or bad, he was just enjoying himself in the studio and having a good laugh. Go Bob!
0688171664|1.0|I am listening to this book on audio tape, and I am surprised that given the &quot;classic&quot; status of the book, how it is so incredibly boring.  The &quot;philosophy&quot; is not particularly interesting, as is the motorcycle trip itself.  Every time I have put the book on to listen to, I have fallen asleep.
B000050XEI|4.0|I've been raving about how much I LOVE Enya's music over the past few years, excessively gushing about how amazingly she can combine ethereal vocals and instrumental strings with a spiritually soothing aesthetic. It's good to see that after five years (well, three, actually, if you count in &quot;Only If&quot; and &quot;Paint the Sky with Stars&quot;), she hasn't lost her magical touch, and &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; shows time well spent.<br />On this album, Enya has returned with a more subdued offering, bringing out a strange nostalgia from &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot; and &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot;, yet coming across as completely original, almost as if we're getting a whole new sound from Enya. It is also audible that Roma Ryan is becoming more adventurous as a lyricist, for example, having Enya sing of a &quot;crazy day&quot; in &quot;Lazy Days&quot;. She does, also, deserve credit for the still poetic verses that blend in flawlessly with Enya's music.<br />The opening title track follows in the footsteps of &quot;Watermark&quot; with a sincerely beautiful piano recital, showing no irony that this was composed on a calm Irish morning after days of inglorious rainy weather. Then enters &quot;Wild Child&quot; that has a liveliness which surprises so adorably and almost surreally brings back memories of juvenile freedom. This precedes &quot;Only Time&quot;, which becomes an instant classic with a perfectly peaceful melody, alongside other legends like &quot;Orinoco Flow&quot; and &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;. <br />&quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; continues with resemblance to &quot;Pax Deorum&quot;: That same dark atmosphere that sounds hauntingly subtle, but brightens up as it continues into &quot;Deora Ar Mo Chroi&quot; (brilliant musical tactic here!). There is also &quot;Silver Inches&quot; that sounds so enjoyably like &quot;Tea House Moon&quot;. &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; then concludes wonderfully with &quot;One By One&quot; (catchy tune here!) and &quot;Lazy Days&quot; (somehow, it reminds me of &quot;The Longships&quot;).<br />However, this album is not without its flaws. Unlike all of Enya's other albums, &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; carries a formula that doesn't quite flow, and its tracks seem to pop up here and there inconsistently. It is perhaps for this reason that certain songs, such as &quot;Flora's Secret&quot;, &quot;Pilgrim&quot; and &quot;Fallen Embers&quot; come across as rather unappealing. A bonus track - &quot;The First of Autumn&quot; - is probably Enya's worst instrumental venture to date. It's a pity that &quot;The Promise&quot; of the &quot;Only Time&quot; maxi-single isn't on this CD to compensate for the disappointing material.<br />And maybe one more flaw that Enya should note is the lack of variation on her latest musical package. Listeners should consider: We had trademark vocal layering in &quot;Orinoco Flow&quot; and &quot;The Longships&quot;, but we also heard African drums on &quot;Storms in Africa&quot; in the same album &quot;Watermark&quot;; we had uillean pipes in &quot;Sunstream&quot; and even a hypnotic electric guitar on &quot;I Want Tomorrow&quot; from &quot;The Celts&quot;. Yet here almost every track seems laced with strings, that, without the great melodies, they would actually sound bland.<br />Still, one can't help but give Enya and the Ryans the praise they've earned in creating more beautiful Celtic music - with considerable success - once again. I'm still very much looking forward to Enya's next musical voyage - I just hope I don't need to wait another five years!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This is a nice collection of Beatle memories.  Certainly not issued for the &quot;hardened&quot; Beatle fan, but great for those who are curious about the groups overall journey.  There are no &quot;never released or lost tresures&quot; just the Beatles as they were. I have all the albums on vinyl and agin on CD, but vinyl is my friend with its familiar &quot;clicks&quot; and &quot;pops&quot; that echo the wearing of time.   All the songs on this CD are important in the evolution of the Beatles as a group.  Some of the songs are tame in comparison to todays music while others still evoke a deep consciousness today.  This is a fine collection by the group who not only influenced a generation but whose influences are still felt, good or bad, today.
6301404440|5.0|I was eight when this movie made it's debut, and due to the adult content it contained I was not able to see it for another two years. But, television commercials, coloring in books, pencils, toys, and mugs were all sufficient material to feed my imagination and fuel my love for the accident-prone hyperactive Rabbit. I was entranced by the very notion of Who Framed Roger Rabbit from the beginning, and it played an enormous part in the stories, drawings and games I became involved in my pre-teens. When I finally did see it it fulfilled all of my expectations, and has remained for over ten years in my top five favourite films of all time. I am delighted every time I watch it by the multitude of sight gags, in-jokes and cameos as well as the charming gallery of characters, the unique and original story line and the wonderful blending of animation with live-action. WFRR paints a convincing portrait of life just after WWII, and I could not imagine a better era for the story to be set. 'Toons are a needed force, a source of vitality and joy in a world bruised and damaged. It is easy to believe that they were living right alongside humans, interacting with them in an entirely natural way. I think it is this most of all, apart from the dazzling special effects, curious plot, and loveable characters, which has ensured it's place as a favourite for many years to come: it appeals to the desire within us all to see fantasy become reality.
0811826848|5.0|The book is packed with photos, memories, ads, and trinkets of all varietie, and not just the ones Beatles fans have seen forever - some are pretty rare.  It's sure to feed the appetite of Beatles fans for years.  Well worth the price, and a great gift. It's both a comprehensive encyclopedia on the band, and a great coffee table book with its beautiful silver cover.  Recommended to any serious Beatles fan.  It's more enjoyable with each passing day.
B00000K2SD|5.0|This movie is truly a masterpeice.  It has a great story and really makes you think about what the matrix is and if it's real or not.  Even though you'll ask somebody else and they say, &quot;what are you talking about?  It's only a movie!&quot; how do they know?  To them the world is real and they are too small-minded to consider the posibility.  If you have ever asked the question: What is the matrix?, then this movie is for you, just to find out.
0446677450|5.0|Kiyosaki &amp; Lechter put incredible concepts onto paper. This is a very readable and highly useful book. The typos and poor editing can be annoying but the content is amazing. Learning to think like the authors helped my wife and me get out of debt in two years.
0064400557|5.0|My mother first read this book to me when I was 5 years old.  I read it to myself when I was 6.  I think that the guidelines suggesting &quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; be for 9-12 year olds should be taken with a hearty grain of salt.  The reading level of this book is not at all difficult.  The only reason some people might hesitate to give it to a younger child is because Charlotte, the lovely spider, dies near the end of the story.  However, death is presented in a beautiful and macrocosmic fashion that allows children to understand it as a part of a greater circle of life.
B000002572|5.0|IF THERE WAS EVER A ANSWER TO THE QUESTION IF I  WERE ON A ISLAND STRANDED AND I COULD ONLY BRING ONE CD,THIS WOULD BE IT.THIS IS A CLASSIC IN ALL SENSES OF THE WORD.NOT A BAD SONG ON THIS DISC.THIS IS THE TYPE OF MUSIC THAT MAKES YOU FEEL GOOD.MORE THAN A FEELING WILL ALWAYS BE ONE OF MY FAVORITE SONGS.BUT YOU HAVE ALOT MORE WITH FOREPLAY/LONGTIME AND SMOKIN.THIS CD WILL NEVER BE OUT OF DATE.THIS CD IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANYONE WITH A HEARTBEAT.
068818071X|4.0|Ok, someone told me that Rachel (the main character) tends to get really whiney and bratty. Well, I didn't find that at all. I can relate to Rachel with her insecurities and low self-esteem, and though I have never been a drug addict, I still know enough of the reasons why Rachel chose to escape into drugs. While Rachel is in the Cloisters, she still retains her sense of humor throughout one of the most painful periods in her life. Marian Keyes is one of the best modern-day fiction writers. She knows her readers and she knows the average woman with her insecurities and uncertainities. I have found myself laughing out loud in some places as I can relate so well Rachel. If you are a Bridget Jones fan, this one is even better. For one thing, it's longer and it's funnier and sad in some places. After all, who hasn't felt unattractive, fat and still lust after a man? Or have troubled relations with their parents and siblings? This book is a must read for women (and men if they can understand a woman's point of view!). It is a perfect book for those long dreary winter days. Not only is it poignant in some places, it is funny and it does have a happy ending. What more can a reader ask?
080017948X|5.0|This is a movie everyone can relate to. It's a story about life. A story about a man who has to find himself before he can escape into tomorrow. It makes you laugh and cry all at the same time. You can watch this movie a hundred times and still find things you missed before. Whether you have seen this movie or not you must own it.
B000053GTK|5.0|As a progressive rock band, Gentle Giant was always a bit different.  Avoiding the virtuoso-hero ideals and overblown symphonic textures of their contemporaries, GG blended Elizabethan themes with 20th century music (Stravinsky and Bartok being obvious influences) and out-and-out RAWWK.  The result was a sort of rock and roll chamber music, and whatever lyrical weaknesses they had were rendered inconsequential by their incredible sense of adventure and unbelievable contrapuntal jams. They were simply one of the very best instrumental ensembles rock has ever seen.  And though they put out a number of amazing albums, &quot;In a Glass House&quot; is in my opinion their greatest.  The diverse elements that GG showcased on their other seminal albums are all here, but in this album they are synthesized most successfully into a coherent whole that makes philosophical and artistic sense--a true progressive rock model that would make coherent sense even today, at least more so than the mellotron-driven bombast of most of their peers.  Some of this stuff sounds downright Alternative--especially the dissonant, polyrhythmic prog-punk of &quot;Way of Life.&quot;  The production is intimate, driving, and crystal-clear, with John Weathers driving drums (the John Bonham of progrock) right in your face whenever he is playing.  The album is emotionally and intellectually gripping throughout.  In short, it is a progrock masterpiece.  Buy it.  P.S.  The last bonus live track is rough sledding, but the first one is incredible.
B00004W56S|4.0|With an actual singer on this solo debut, this may just be a precursor to the Mechanics. On Acting Very Strange, Mike sings himself, which is hard to imagine visually. After that, never again! The first Mechanics LP had 4 singers.
B000002UAU|2.0|There is some history that is still relevant today and there is other that should be recognized as influential in its time, then filed away.  I own this on vinyl and have framed both the cover and the record as decoration.  I never saw a need to replace it on CD, for the simple reason that songs like &quot;When I'm 64&quot; and &quot;With A Little Help From My Friends&quot; are badly dated, not really standing the test of time.  On the other hand, another 1967 release, &quot;Are You Experienced&quot; by Jimi Hendrix, is still challenging musicians today.  This cover is also on the wall,  but the CD is in the player.  Big difference.  2-stars at best for Pepper.
B00004THAY|4.0|The CD just puts a smile on my face. These two guys have, what many jazz & blues artists lack, and that is SOUL. The way King sings the blues is inspiring. There might be a couple of so so (though not bad either) tracks, but the overall package is a sure buy.
B00004U8H4|2.0|The only words that were coming to my mind while watching AMERICAN PSYCHO were &quot; Stop it ! It's too much &quot;. Too much blood, too much satire, too much of everything. I haven't read the Bret Easton Ellis novel but what is certain is that literature allows a lot of liberties cinema simply can not translate in images unless you are Jean-Luc Godard or Orson Welles.<br />AMERICAN PSYCHO tries to describe a peculiar world, the world of the 1980 New-York yuppies. These yuppies are very snob without the cultural background found in, let's say for instance, the englishmen of the first part of the XXth century. They are like empty shells, living a life of fast money, expensive restaurants and uninteresting social activities. Well, they don't particularly bother me as long as they stay in their artificial world. And I can easily imagine to what kind of excess easy money can drive a man who has not a solid moral history.<br />If I have understood well the purpose of the authors of AMERICAN PSYCHO, the movie, apart of this harsch critique of the yuppie world, would like to convince us that money and power could eventually lead someone to believe that he can be a new god, deciding who has the right to live and who should die, without being worried by consequences. Patrick Bateman, after a slow start, becomes less and less prudent and finally commit murders in the open light. Like the serial killers he admires, he wants unconsciously to be recognized. The movie often hesitates between the satire, the not so fairy tale, the horror and the moral genre, so feel free to have your own opinion about it.<br />A DVD zone Manhattan (New-York only ).
0140433627|4.0|How can a story written at the turn of the last century have direct relevance to our times? Shelley's gothic tale about the artificial creation of life depicts the risks of scientific hubris and the unanticipated consequences that can follow. It calls to mind Robert Oppenheimer's second thoughts about the creation of the atomic bomb, modern genetic researchers who are moving ever closer to human cloning, and the unanticipated environmental risks of greenhouse gasses and nuclear energy. This classic speaks to us from the past about philosophical and moral issues that apparently haven't changed as quickly as our technology.
B00003CXE7|5.0|GLADIATOR is one of the best movies of the year 2000 If you are going to see only one movie, it better be GLADIATOR. I was shocked when I saw this movie. GLADIATOR is one of the best works of Russell Crowe and I really mean it because the way he plays in this movie you can fell the pain of the real Gladiator, It's like Russell Crowe was born to be a Gladiator. This movie is amazing, don't miss it
078062551X|3.0|Dark City inevitably draws comparisons with The Matrix.  Both films deal with a group of humans who do not realize they are being controlled by outside forces and both films feature a messianic figure who has the potential to free humanity from its enslavement.  In the case of Dark City, a group of beings called the Strangers puts the human inhabitants of the city they have constructed to sleep every night and changes their memories and their surroundings in order to study them.  Keifer Sutherland's character explains that the Strangers are dying and that they hope that by understanding what makes humans tick that they can somehow save themselves.  However, I still fail to see what tangible benefits the Strangers derive from this and how it will save them.  That is why I give Dark City 3 stars instead of 4.  In The Matrix, the explanation for what was going on was a lot more convincing and practical.<br />Rufus Sewell was good as John Murdoch, who has developed the Strangers ability to &quot;tune&quot; and slowly discovers what is happening in the city, but I could not help but notice that his left eye is bigger than his right eye, which makes his appearance somwhat disconcerting.  <br />Dark City's appeal is not as broad as that of The Matrix, though a segment of Dark City's fans will consider it to be superior to The Matrix.   Some viewers of Dark City may be confused during the first half hour or so of the film, as it is not clear what is going on, as well as being turned off by the dark Gothic imagery, but it is worth sticking with to the end, when Murdoch realizes who he is and what he is capable of.  The &quot;creation&quot; scene is visually stunning and contains a beautiful background score.<br />Dark City borrows heavily from other sources (the Gothic imagery, the fim noir atmosphere) but manages to repackage it into something fresh and new.  It is definitely worth seeing, particularly for sci-fi fans, though for me personally it is not the classic that itseems to be for some people.
B0000027RL|5.0|I live in the good old northwest, and am a big Pearl Jam mark, and have been for many years. One of the bands to come out of Seattle in the early 90's, Pearl Jam delivers better than Nirvana or Soundgarden.         Pearl Jam has 7 albums out, not including their new released bootlegs from their European tour, (which I highly recommend.)  Ten was their first released, and their best.            Eddie Vedder has a voice that cannot be explained in words.  He is electric.  Ten brings out the best in the band. Alive is probally the most emotional song on the album. It's about a boy whos father dies when he is young. He grows up to look exactly like his father, and has sex with his mother.  Black is best Pearl Jam song written, a melancholy ballad about loosing someone close to you.  Even Flow, the first single from the album, rocks like no other Pearl Jam Song.  And Finally the song Jeremy.  It was a song written about a trouble boy who shoots himself infront of his class.            Ten is a truley great album, and whether your a Pearl Jam fan, or a fan of any kind of music, Ten is worth every penny.
038533348X|4.0|Vonnegut writes the book with the question that &quot;God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater&quot; plays with on a different level, all the while throwing in philosophies, wit, and things to ponder on and about during the COLD WAR. <br />The narrator (first-person incompetent) is somewhat vacant, and being so, maneuvers the story the best way possible. <br />The narrator is writing a book on the atomic bomb and he travels about meeting strange people who know the creators of the bomb. The characters he meets are funny and strange (You would have to be an oddball to be toying with doomsday.). In his journey he finds the sons and daughter of the inventor of the A-bomb. He finds that these three are an eccentric and foolish trio. The daughter and sons hold with them ice-nine, a weapon that makes the a-bomb seem infantile. Ice-nine was an attempt by their father to make battlefields (mud) solidify, making battle easier on soldiers. It winds up making any moisture it touches solid and blue, but its one flaw is, once put into the atmosphere it regenerates without stopping, freezing everything in its path(including human beings).<br />Vonnegut throws in the element of Bokononism, a quirky, weird religion spawned by an eccentric, self-made prophet named Bokonon. This angle plays in the mind of the reader as it debases the relevancy of all religions, thus, for example, making Catholicism or Islam just as strange as Bokononism. Bokononists chant about man being born of the &quot;mud.&quot;<br />Symbolically the three children holding ice-nine, a single flake of which will end mankind as we know it, stand for three world superpowers. It shows that anyone, no matter how high in power, can be foolish, and should have no access to such an element of destruction. The ice-nine is just a symbol of the end of mankind through the folly of science, for the ice-nine turns things bluish white, like ice--putting man in another ice-age, destroying all &quot;mud&quot;. The island of San Lorenzo is like Cuba--through its history no one really cared about anyone else ceasing it, but since there is an odd belief there(Bokononism/Communism),people poke around there now. It shows how such a small place, like Cuba, in the Cold War, could be ground-zero for the end of humanity, and warns against intervention there.<br />Being that the Cold War is over, this is an era piece that some may think is stagnate. Yet the tools to end civilization are still out there, so this book is relevant as long as science and government have and look for a greater means of destruction.<br />Though this book is funny and eccentric on surface, it is ultimately found to be a political warning. This humorous look at what could be the end, parallels Orwell's &quot;Nineteen-Eighty-Four&quot; in the field of political writing for the sake of warning (Orwell warns about the threat of Totalitarianism, Vonnegut warns about man's acute closeness to his own demise). This book is not as hard-nosed as &quot;Nineteen-Eighty-Four.&quot; It is funny, but this is done to show the folly and incompetence that mankind's demise is handled with: Vonnegut's use of juxtaposition is without flaw.  <br />Bokonon adds a religious facet to this novel. He ultimately shows folly and incompetence in the creation of something other than doomsday devices--religion. After the reader drops the hypocrisy of thinking their religion is &quot;the one,&quot; Vonnegut brings up the question: Were people like Jesus or Mohammed just fools out spreading nonsense for the sake of an ego-trip?<br />This book touches on so many intense questions. It puts forth a vehicle for such deep introspection, yet it is hilarious. I only wish I were to have read this in the mind set of the world in the early sixties, when this book was first published. Vonnegut was way ahead of his time with this one. His writing, when dissected, makes me think he is one of the great thinkers of the twentieth-century into the twenty-first...
B00003003R|5.0|One great rock and roll CD.  Although I am more of a fan of Slash than GNR as a whole, I enjoy this CD every time I put it in.  There was something about this band live that you can't get on the other albums like Appetite or Illusion.  It would definitely make a great addition to any true rock and roll fan's collection.  And for those of you who doubt that GNR had real raw talent, then this is for you too!  Enjoy!
B00000JCB2|1.0|According to the guidelines for writing reviews I'm supposed to focus my comments on the album's content. This is where my problem is: the album has no content. Without content It's impossible to subjectivley review this album, the most I can say-- and probably the most accurate-- is that it stinks.
B000000OAN|5.0|First, I'd rate this as about the 3rd or 4th best Queen album.  It's really good, and it's the one that turned me on to this group, but there are better ones.<br />1.  Death On Two Legs: A lot of emotion (hate) in this song.  It comes through very clearly.  Overall, it's a song I like quite a bit.  Fun to play on guitar and bass.<br />2.  Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon: Well, it fits the name &quot;Queen&quot; nicely.  Too camp for me to take seriously, but I still like to listen to it occasionally.<br />3.  I'm in Love with my Car: The best Roger Taylor song besides &quot;Prime Jive&quot;.  Which isn't saying much.  I really don't like Taylor's lyrics, music, or his voice.  Except for the high B-flat he lends to the end of the operatic section of Bohemian Rhapsody.<br />4.  You're My Best Friend: This song, in my mind, illustrated to me that John Deacon is the George Harrison of this group.  Brilliant in his own right but unnoticed because of May and Mercury.  As it later turned out, his songs were among the better-selling ones for the group.  I tend to really like anything he writes.  I have never dislike a single John Deacon song, though the same isn't true of May's and Mercury's songs.<br />5.  39: Quite a departure for them.  But a very nice, country kinda song.  And proof that Brian May actually can sing pretty well (he brings tears to my eyes consistently in &quot;Sail Away Sweet Sister&quot;) and would be an acceptable lead singer anywhere Freddie wasn't.<br />6.  Sweet Lady: Never could get into this song.  It's rhythmically very awkward.<br />7.  Seaside Rendezvous: Same as #2.<br />8.  The Prophet's Song: This is my favorite song on this album.  What most people seem to miss about the acapella part in the middle of the song is that it's not done as multiple vocal tracks.  It's a 2-way echo of one vocal!  Freddie was showing off what he could do with that trick, and it's awesome!  Listen to this part with headphones.  To me it's the best part of the album.If you're not into Bohemian Rhapsody, this vocal part is still a great reason to get this album.<br />9.  Love of My Life: A nice song when you're feeling mellow, but not my cup of tea usually.  Still, a nice example of a Queen ballad.<br />10.  Good Company:  Pass.<br />11.  Bohemian Rhapsody:  If you've been on-planet at any time in the past 20 or so years, there's nothing I can tell you about this song that you don't already know.<br />12.  God Save The Queen:  For a while, this was my favorite track on this album.  A fine example of May's mastery of the &quot;Guitar Orchestra&quot; approach.
B000005GYI|5.0|Milton Nascimento is another reason why I'm constantly amazed by Brazilian music. Brazil's musical gifts to the world goes beyond samba and bossa nova. It's hard to catagorize Nascimento's music. I hear pop, rock, jazz, classical, african music, Italian ballands, and latin influences, in his music. This album, from beginning to end, attest to his immense talent, inventiveness, and soulfulness. Like pausing to appreciate a beautiful sunset, listening to this album will give you many of those moments. Don't waste anytime. Begin with this album and your outlook on Brazilian music will be changed forever.
6304983778|5.0|This movie still brings a tear to my eye everytime I see Santa take off in his sleigh for the first time... and I'm 47 years old!  It just makes me feel like a child again!  I've worn out my original and am ordering a new one!  The best Christmas movie ever made!
B000001DYD|2.0|This is easily the most overrated of P.J. Harvey's records and is perhaps one of the most overrated alternative records released in the 1990s.  The production and song-writing is as shoddy as it gets.  With the exception of the misplaced experiment with violins, &quot;Man-Sized Sextet&quot; (which was better executed on later records), and the melodic, &quot;Missed&quot; (reminescent of her debut release, 'Dry'), the simple punk/riff which works on some of the tracks (&quot;Rid of Me&quot;, &quot;Yuri-G&quot;, and Bob Dylan's &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot;) becomes tiresome after a short time. <br />NOTE:  Whether you agree with my assessment of this record or not, people who really seem to like this record also seem to like her new record (&quot;Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea&quot;) but not 1995's &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; or 1998's &quot;Is This Desire&quot;, both of which represent far-better productions by Flood.  Depending on where you are on the P.J. Harvey fan spectrum, beware.
B00004YW6I|4.0|For longtime Polly Harvey devotees &quot;Stories&quot; is a decent effort that breaks no new ground.  Those who might have found some of Polly's earlier work difficult will probably enjoy this album more than the Polly cultists. The music is well produced and mostly accessible, particularly the bouncy &quot;Good Fortune&quot; and the pretty duet with Thom Yorke of Radiohead, &quot;This Mess We're In.&quot;  &quot;Kamikaze&quot; is an all-out Polly shrieker reminiscent of the &quot;Dry&quot; era, in my view the best cut on the album.  In short, ok for new fans, but for the undiluted Polly try &quot;Dry&quot; or &quot;To Bring You My Love.&quot;
B000002LCE|3.0|What is good about this album is that it still maintains the trademark DIO sound, and whats' bad about this release is the absence of Vivian Campbell. Craig Goldy is not a bad guitarist, but Viv sure is 10 motches better than his successor in the band. Save for 4 songs, &quot;Night People&quot;, &quot;Dream Evil&quot;, &quot;All the fools sailed away&quot; and &quot;Overlove&quot;, the rest sound half-baked. How could DIO ever conjure up a corny comic book character like SUNSET SUPERMAN???!! The beats on this song are good, but then it almost sounds like a pop-rock song with the &quot;boom pah boom boom pah&quot; beats over and over again. The saving grace is Dio's fierce baritone that put life into all the songs, even the corny ones. I bought this cos I am a hardcore DIO fan, and it goes for the others too...buy it if you live, breathe and die by his name.
B0000025DV|5.0|I first got this album for my 13th birthday in 1977. Classic gatefold cover (remember them!) and lyrics provided on the inner sleeves.<br />I was mesmorised. &quot;Concerto for the rainy day&quot; became my favourite 'LP side' and the tunes would often come back to haunt you, even when you weren't thinking of the album at all.<br />Over time, my tastes changed - moving through Alan Parsons Project, Pink Floyd, Simple Minds, U2 etc, and on into the 90s, when British rock was re-born and connecting with its roots in the 60s and 70s. Suddenly the orchestral arrangements, Beatle-esque vocals and melodies of ELO didn't seem too far removed from Oasis (e.g. &quot;Whatever&quot;), Blur (&quot;The Universal&quot;), The Verve (&quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot;) and the other Britpop bands - Cast, Radiohead, Embrace, etc.<br />At this point I rediscovered ELO, and &quot;Out of the Blue&quot; in particular. Its longevity as an album is remarkable. While other, younger albums now sound dated, this album retains a freshness born of strong melodies, intricate arrangements and variety.<br />Concerto for a Rainy Day remains a favourite, as does &quot;Stepping Out&quot; and &quot;Wild West Hero&quot; (a fantastic song permanently scarred by dreadful musical interludes after each chorus).<br />In the decade taste forgot, this album stands out - not because it solds mega copies a la &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, or because the fans went hysterical a la Bay City Rollers, or even because it defined a period a la Sex Pistols; but because it has survived the test of time.
B00000AFFI|5.0|This is simply P.J. Harvey's best record and one of the best alternative records released in the 1990s.  Continuing with the production/musician team of Flood and John Parrish first used on 1995's 'To Bring You My Love,' 'Is This Desire' vascilates wonderfully between her purely punk expressions (which were so overblown on 1993's one-dimensional 'Rid of Me') such as &quot;Sky Lit Up&quot; and &quot;No Girl So Sweet&quot;, and dark melodies done to perfection on &quot;Angelene&quot;, &quot;The Wind,&quot; &quot;Catherine&quot;, &quot;The River&quot;, and the title track.  Lyrically, the record is her most personal and most narrative she has ever released (NOTE: 5 of the songs are named after individuals) and is far more serious in tone than her previous effort, 'To Bring You My Love.'<br />NOTE:  If you liked 'To Bring You My Love', pick up this record.  However, if you tended to favor her other &quot;unproduced&quot; releases ('Dry' or 'Rid of Me', or 'Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea'), I would recommend passing this up.
0312965788|5.0|James Harriot is perhaps one of my favorite authors.  His easy style, good-humor, modesty, and charm permeate his writing...and his subject matter - life as a country vet in Yorkshire in the mid-1900's, is enchanting.
0385484518|5.0|This is a special tribute to Morrie Schwartz, a teacher who taught Life's greatest lessons.  The author,Mich Albom's 14 classes with his old profeesor were inspiring and extraordinary.Every Tueday was the date to meet. The subject was &quot;The Meaning of Life&quot;. Even this book title was named by Morrie.<br />Mitch did an excellent job to recollect his thoughts, the lessons he learnt and wrote this book.<br />Morrie was a wise man,a dying man.Those lessons were not solely based on his academical knowledge but with his vast experiences from Living.<br />Every meeting they talked and shared Life and many things. Those Tuesday classes touched on:-World,Yourself,Regrets,Love,Death,Fear,Aging,Greed,Marriage,Family,Society,Forgiveness,Emotions,Money,A Meaningful Life and many more.....<br />I find this book touching,educational,compelling,truthful and most importantly taught me some valuable lessons.
B000008GS2|5.0|The songs Electric Blue and Crazy just have a perfect mixture of sounds that make you feel free and energetic. They really send you back to the 80's. I never get tired of hearing these songs. If you were old enough to jam to this album then you know it really brings back memories and make new ones.
B00000AFWW|5.0|Whatever else CELEBRITY SKIN is, it is Hole's friendliest record, inviting everybody for the ride. Of course, much of the ride is through scary and depressing territory, where lovers and friends turn cold shoulders, but that doesn't negate the adventure of taking the trip. Like Bruce Springsteen's BORN IN THE U.S.A., this record's bright, poppy, slick surface--or skin, if you will--is a brilliant disguise for the rage and despair within (except Courtney Love's is personal, as opposed to the political/social concerns of Springsteen). Love may not be &quot;rock &amp; roll future,&quot; but she'll do until somebody who IS comes along.
055321263X|5.0|Here's your chance to solve a mystery.  Wilkie Collins has a unique way of allowing the reader to become the detective.  He sets before us the statements of those involved in the case.  He leaves it to us to separate truth from fancy.  Collins is simply the objective collector of data; or so he would have us believe.<br />The first statement is given by the drawing master, and hero, Walter Hartright.  Names seem to have significance here.  Walter is an honest and compassionate man.  It's his compassion which involves him in the mystery of the woman in white.  It's his honor and strength of love which causes right to triumph in the end. We naturally believe Walter's statements, and trust his judgements.  <br />Marion is a strong yet womanly woman.  She tries to remain objective, yet her womanly intuition sometimes seems to sway her judgement.  As the reader,  sometimes we don't quite trust her opinions.  She could be blinded by love for her sister, and the longing to protect her. But on the other hand, we all know the power of a woman's intuition...<br />Lady Glyde is the palest character in the book.  She is the one on whom the story centers.  She is the one who is loved and protected, victimized and wronged, and finally saved.  Yet I felt as a reader, she was unworthy of all the trouble.  When first introduced to her, we are told she is beautiful and has a love for truth.  She is honest and innocent.  She would do anything that she believes is right.  But as the story goes on, she becomes weak.  She's a doll.  She has no thoughts of her own.  No will of her own.  Poor Hartright deserved a better reward.  Perhaps Marion?<br />Count Fosco is the magnificent evil villian.  He is a villan of contrasts.  You want to love him.  Is it really possible for evil to be kind to animals and children?  A totally evil person would not be able to recognize and value Marion's worth.  And yet, he disgusts us with these contrasts.  His potential  only magnifies his villany.<br />Andofcourse, there is the woman in white.  A mysterious woman who appears in the night on a lonely road.  Who is she?  What is this poor woman's story? <br />All of these characters and more will unfold an amazing plot to you the reader, and you must solve the mystery.
1573225517|5.0|... and we all resemble each other in a way. High Fidelity is a portrait of our generation: thirty-somethings with a real passion for music and some difficulties in relationships, whose main concern is facing adulthood. What I like about Hornby's works - apart from the obvious fact that they are extremely enjoyable - is that there is a little bit of everyone I know in them. Me included. So, no matter if you live in London, New York, Berlin or Milan, you feel you're laughing about yourself, your friends, your partner. At the same time, you are kind of forced to think...
0140143505|5.0|I used to spend most of my time in London on Charing Cross Road, browsing through the wonderful bookshops. One summer, I returned to find that my favourite bookshop was no longer there: instead, there was a construction site and a placard stating that that was the site where Marcks and Co., the bookshop made famous by '84 Charin Cross Road' used to be. Only then did I realize that my favourite bookshop was also the bookshop with a leading role in one of my favourite books. I recommend this book to anybody who has ever fallen in love with books.
B000005ALN|5.0|Wow, what a staggeringly good album, although I was never a fan of ol' george and in fact held him in quite disdain I nonetheless picked up this album when it first came out in 1996 mainly for the pop single Fastlove.<br />Ironically, the brilliance of the album is not defined by Fastlove but instead by the mellow, jazz-fused tracks that George Michael has produced to near perfection.  I can just pop this album into a cd player on an overcast and cold day and can just slip into a sweet English melancholy.  Every single track in this CD is worth listening to over and over again, which makes this one of the defining works of the 90's that deserves a place in any collection.
B00004XONN|5.0|If so, then this album is for you.  You may need an attention span to get used to Kid A the first few listens.  This album is totally different from Radiohead's previous 3 tries.  I have haerd OK Computer and The Bends. which are both excellent efforts (both getting 4 stars in my book).  They just don't have the chemistry that I find in Kid A.  Kid A is mostly B-sides, but that doesn't mean bad songs.  That means good songs.  Some of the songs on this CD used sampling on computer programs that Thom Yorke (guitarist/vocalist) made himself.  Very cool. <br />Song 1) Everything In Its Right Place.  It certainly seems like this song is in its right place, preparing you for how most of the rest of the album is. <br />Song 3) The National Anthem.  What do you get when you mix an awesome repeating bass line and 8 Jazz brass players?  This- An awesome song. No explanation needed.Song 4) How To Disappear Completely.  This once B-side with an acoustic guitar and a lot of weird samples is my favorite song on the album, it gets me singing.Song 6) Optimistic.  Probably the most known song on the album right now. This is the only exception I found to the Kid A way.  This is more of a traditional rock song.  Song 10) Motion Picture Soundtrack.  This song is pretty awesome, especially when you get to the part where the chimes ring in.  Putting the final nail in the coffin, convincing me that this is...<br />THE GREATEST ALBUM OF 2000!  This is experimental rock at its greatest.  This is a classical composition without the classical instruments.  The chemistry between the members of Radiohead reminds me of an orchestra.  Thom Yorke is a musical genius,... . 5 Stars (6 if I could)
0790733226|5.0|Contact is a movie that works on every conceivable level.  It is a smart, thoughtful, and entertaining show with an absolutely brilliant performance by Jodie Foster (her closing scene testifying at a Senate hearing could be the best thing she has ever done, and that's saying a lot.)  What makes this movie so special is its ability to keep the focus on the characters and story despite the presence of some mindblowing, truly spectacular visual effects. That's unexpected with films today normally leaning one way or the other. (Speaking of visual effects, the camera perspective for the scene in which young Elle tries to help her stricken father is just impossible to explain or describe.) For the serious movie buff, the DVD includes some insightful commentary from the director and FX supervisors, as well as Foster. This is just a stunning piece of work that was overlooked to a great degree when it was released.
0380715430|5.0|Mother Tongue contains so much information that you have to read it slowly or you'll miss most of it. Despite its relatively short length, a very large range of topics are covered, and while none of them are covered in the sort of depth that a scholar of the language would desire, the coverage is just the right amount so that no chapter becomes tedious. <br />There may be some minor errors here, or some possibly inaccurate generalizations, but on the whole, I think that Bryson has done his research, and since he lists sources, the reader is free to verify anything they disagree with.<br />Some reviewers have called this a funny book. While it is highly enjoyable, and amusing in places, it is not the sort of book that will have you laughing out loud. I think this is a good thing, since it indicates that Bryson is not trying to score cheap laughs at the expense of the language (he does in fact do this on the odd occasion, but when he does, it's well deserved).<br />This book has taught me more about the English language than all of my years of schooling, and I think that this book should be read by everyone, but students in particular will probably save themselves a lot of grief by reading this. I would be curious to see what people who speak English as a second language think of this book, since I believe it would be quite helpful to them.
B000002UR7|4.0|From the reviews i've read everyone seems to be reviewing this in retrospect from OK Computer.  &quot;The band that would go on to better things...&quot;  Of course we know the story to date but Pablo Honey stands as a testament to the band that was always reaching.  I hesitated to buy the album for fear of the popularity that was &quot;Creep&quot;.  But a friend had it and i was floored by the three guitar slinging approach and the English swagger tempered by self loathing.<BR> This is essentially a guitar rock album.  The standouts being the anthems &quot;Stop Whispering&quot;, &quot;Anyone Can Play Guitar&quot;, and &quot;Prove Yourself&quot;.  Oh, and of course the legendary Chukka- Chukka of &quot;Creep&quot; like razorblades slicing your ego.  &quot;Been Thinking About You&quot; is a great ballad.  The lyrics are reaching out, the songs are reaching for something other than here,  and the best bands are always reaching...
B000002BBY|5.0|Oasis invoked sounds of an era gone by in their 1995 release, &quot;(What's The Story) Morning Glory?&quot;.  This, their sophomore album, sounds so much like an album from the 1960's that, had it been released then, it probably would have been just as successful.  Written entirely by lead guitarist and sometimes lead vocalist Noel Gallagher, this album completely blew me away when I first listened to it.  I hadn't heard such great melodies in a long time, and was amazed at what Noel Gallagher had been able to do with a simple acoustic guitar.  Take the album's most successful single, &quot;Wonderwall&quot;, for example.  This song's acoustic guitar chords make this pop ballad a pleasure to listen to, and the lead vocal performance by Noel's brother Liam Gallagher is perhaps his best to date.  &quot;Wonderwall&quot; is to Oasis what &quot;Yesterday&quot; is to The Beatles.  The follow-up single to &quot;Wonderwall&quot;, &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot; can best be described as an epic.  This song is considered by many to be the best song on the album, though for me it's tied with &quot;Wonderwall&quot; as the greatest Oasis song of all-time.  &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot; has it all...an outstanding vocal performance by Liam Gallagher, a truly contagious chorus, and one of the best pop melodies ever written.  The final single released from this album was &quot;Don't Look Back In Anger&quot;, the only song on the album sung by Noel Gallagher.  This, too, is a classic, as it allows Noel Gallagher to prove that brother Liam isn't the only family member with a great set of pipes.  Noel's vocal performance is superb, as are the lyrics and melody.  So, how does the rest of the album compare with the singles?  Believe me, you won't be disappointed.  Though tracks like &quot;Roll With It&quot;, &quot;Hey Now&quot;, &quot;Some Might Say&quot;, and &quot;Morning Glory&quot; have more of a rock and roll edge than other songs on the album, they all contain great melodies thatare engulfed in layers of electric guitars.  The album's opening track, &quot;Hello&quot;, is just a bit more subdued, but it's upbeat tempo sets the mood perfectly for what lies ahead.  &quot;She's Electric&quot; is unique, to say the least.  While it is a catchy tune, the lyrics are so absurd that you have to wonder what Noel was smoking when he wrote it.  &quot;Cast No Shadow&quot; is my least favorite song on the album.  Granted, it's not a bad song by any means, but it's just a bit too slow and it lacks the truly melodic sound that showcases the rest of the album.  So, in a nutshell, what makes this album so great is that, while it may have borrowed The Beatles' classic sound, it's taken this sound to a new level.  Incredible Beatlesque melodies layered in acoustic and electric guitars, the album sounds neither too soft nor too harsh.  It's not Air Supply, but it's not Metallica either.  With this album, Oasis have proven that a classic sound never really goes out of style.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator was an excellent movie, definitely timeless. Crowe carries the show on square shoulders. The rise and fall of a powerful man, a man in his humility and a man set in his want of vengeance. I would like to point out that Crowe is at this point in more than 20 films (I read a review that said 4 or 5) though his first noteworthy in the US was in 92 with 'Romper Stomper'.  <br />The rest of the cast does quite well. Joaquin Phoenix does a great job as the loathesome Commodus, at times when I saw it in the theatre he actually had people booing him or calling him a 'wuss' out loud but it was by no means against his acting in the movie, it was playing his character to the hilt. <br />The action scenes are done very well especially in the gladiatorial arenas. I felt the first war scene in the movie was a bit to choppy and moved around a bit too much. Still, I found myself tensed up and having to remember to relax, it is a movie after all.<br />The computer visuals add to the great action. The dawns in Rome are magnificently done, the costumes well made and each 'gift' the movie, such as Maximus' gladiator armor, is delivered with a strong background to it.<br />Sure to be an epic classic.
6304383177|5.0|What a movie this is.  Laugh out loud funny.  Cary Grant(one of my favorite actors) and Katherine Hepburn work together like magic.  The chemistry is there and the laughs soon follow.  <br />Charles Ruggles gives a very good supporting performance.  He kept me laughing through the dinner scene.  Other great scenes:  the jail scenes, the routine with Hepburn's gown and Grant's top hat, the scene with Grant in the housecoat, any scene with George(what a name).  <br />In short, this is one of the funniest movies of all time.  ( The American Film Institue places it at 97 on the hundred best and around 19 on the hundred funniest.)  Get it now!!
B00004XONN|4.0|At the risk of sounding haughty, this is sophisticated music that sophisticated listeners won't understand. It's not the  classic that time will prove OK Computer to be, but it's still far better artistically than 99% of music out today. Somehow, Radiohead continues to find a way to communicate in ways that have never been heard before. <br />There are weaknesses, granted. The tracks Kid A and Treefingers are disappointingly void of song; nothing more than Korg sounds meant-i presume-to paint landscape for the remaining 8 figures. <br />The album shines with the opening track, &quot;Everything in its right place&quot;, a somehow familiar-sounding surrender to the lemming mentality that has diseased modern culture. &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot; is both beautiful and haunting, like a personal soundtrack to one's alien abduction. &quot;Optimistic&quot; is simply a great Radiohead song, one that would fit right in with OK Computer and perhaps even The Bends. <br />I think the best track is &quot;In Limbo&quot;...a song like no other. I defy anyone to find a song as good as this that has this kind of simple yet complex musical structure. And the line, &quot;you're living in a fantasy world&quot; rings true with such alarming force that it sounds like Thom Yorke has somehow pulled the human condition out of 6 billion hearts and presented it with a mirror. <br />&quot;Idioteque&quot; finds a way to frighten in spite of the tinny drum loop running throughout. At first, second, even third listen, you're not sure what you're hearing, but you know it's *new*, and it's hitting on something-something eerie. And that's what Radiohead does so well. They reach in and trigger memory. You're not even sure why it's so evocative, or what it's reaching. And that makes it all the more mysterious, all the more brilliant.
B00003CXDG|2.0|Wow, what a letdown. Even Tom Cruise can't save this big-budget impracticality. Almost everything in this film is garish and amplified, the outrageous stunts and computerized effects in particular. This film supersedes the original not because it is more entertaining, but because it will be long remembered for its over-the-top tackiness and implausibility.<br />Tom Cruise returns as the dexterous Ethan Hunt, and gosh, we just didn't know this guy was brave enough to FREECLIMB on the tallest rock formations known to man! How unreal is this? His character seems less smug than in MI and too smarmy in this one. This completely takes away from the audience taking him seriously. There are bouts when you think the old Ethan will return with his arrogant charisma and ineffaceable intelligence, but his unbecoming romanticism competes and eventually wins and his adventurous spirit is forever lost in the opaque plot. Jon Voigt was a sophisticated rogue in MI, but this time 'round the bad guy Sean Ambrose is overly dramatized by Scottish thespian Dougray Scott, the charming prince in the Drew Barrymore vehicle &quot;Ever After&quot;. This disappointed me more than surprised me, for Scott is too dignified of a dramatic actor to submit himself to such cinematic smut.<br />Thandie Newton, a Zimbabwean-British bi-product that has graced such films as &quot;Besieged&quot;, &quot;Beloved&quot; and &quot;The Journey of August King&quot; is Nyah Nordoff-Hall, a ravishing kleptomaniac that becomes enraptured by Ethan's debonair appeal and acute prowess. They, of course, end up in bed together but the problem is that it happens in the first ten minutes of the film. Where's the sexual tension that existed between Ethan and Claire (Emmanuelle Beart) in the original? There's no build-up here - Newton and Cruise tumble immediately after she is recruited. Boring! This is not the first time Thandie has appeared in a film with Cruise, although she was not the object of his desire in the other. Her name was Yvette, the beautiful, busty servant that Brad Pitt remorsefully drained in the anemic adaptation of Anne Rice's re-popularized novel &quot;Interview With The Vampire&quot;.<br />Now if you think the acting was bad, get a load of the outlandish plot. The basis of MI2 is the eradication of a deadly virus known as Chimera, a powerful microbe that survives in the bloodstream and decimates blood cells, depleting the body's defenses and rendering them helpless against certain death in a mere 20 hours. Other details given in the movie make it sound vaguely familiar to a plague in the South American countries known as Ebola. The plot of MI was a lot more palpable and exciting, I think. It provided more intrigue and suspense. MI2 simply makes a flashy cabaret of everything.<br />Where as Brian DePalma saved face by turning a favorite sixties suspense show into a crowd-pleasing exploit, we now have slow-mo king John Woo taking charge, a veteran of such projects as the Travolta/Cage frolic &quot;Face Off&quot; and 1996's espionage thriller &quot;Broken Arrow&quot;. The problem with this is that Woo prolongs a great deal of screen time by slowing frames unneccessarily and showcasing Cruise's acrobatics with exaggerated enthusiasm. So Tom did a cartwheel - so what? Even though Thandie is a beautiful woman, almost every shot of her is a slow saunter, her ebony locks whipping in the ubiquitous ocean breezes. I kept waiting for them to play some cheesy love theme whenever this happened.<br />David Koepp and Steve Zaillian should've been recruited again for writing credits, but instead we have Bruce Geller (who wrote for the original MI series) and Ronald D. Moore (a writer for the WB series &quot;Roswell&quot;) as the head honchos. Robert Towne reclaims his credit of the screenplay, but I think he lost a great deal of his creative freedom by honoring veteran writer Geller with zealous leeway of the text. I think all the dollar signs in Geller's eyes blinded him from the genius he once had, aloowing himself to get carried away with today's innovative movie magic. This is how the inconceivable stunts were birthed, a prime example being the scene with the dueling motorcycles. Perhaps Geller watched too many Schwarzenegger flicks before coming into the project and was highly disillusioned by them.<br />Overall, MI2 is a far-fetched sequel to the impressive inauguration of a TV series into film, but my decree of a two-star rating is more than adequate. I give it mostly to Ving Rhames, who loses none of the appeal he gained in the first MI. Anthony Hopkins as Mission Commander Swanbeck was merely a name. He wasn't even credited for his appearance! If you want a good action flick that is believable for the most part, watch DePalma's creation. MI2 is a cinematic burnout.the genius he once had, aloowing himself to get carried away with today's innovative movie magic. This is how the inconceivable stunts were birthed, a prime example being the scene with the dueling motorcycles. Perhaps Geller watched too many Schwarzenegger flicks before coming into the project and was highly disillusioned by them.<br />Overall, MI2 is a far-fetched sequel to the impressive inauguration of a TV series into film, but my decree of a two-star rating is more than adequate. I give it mostly to Ving Rhames, who loses none of the appeal he gained in the first MI. Anthony Hopkins as Mission Commander Swanbeck was merely a name. He wasn't even credited for his appearance! If you want a good action flick that is believable for the most part, watch DePalma's creation. MI2 is a cinematic burnout.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is the best CD i ever bought!  It is so good, it ties with the Cranberries(Bury the Hatchet)for best CD!  It will never leave my CD player again. I listen to it non stop.  24/7/365!!!No person should ever be without this CD! Have you gotten your daily dose of Dido?
B00003CX8J|4.0|I had waited for this movie since Superman was adapted to the big screen, and I'm glad that it took this long. The reason? Because the special effects technology allowed the movie enough spectacular effects to wow the eye, and because Patrick Stewart was now THE perfect casting as Professor X. All in all the balance of character development, perfect casting of all the characters, and an actioned packed storyline make this a thouroughly enjoyable experience. Hopefully this will open the door to other titles from the Marvel franchise equally promising as big screen abdaptations. The Avengers come to mind. A must see if you're a comic book fan. Parents might want to review it before allowing younger children to view it as some of them might find some of the violence and language inappropriate for pre-teens.
1573225517|2.0|I am amazed by the number of people who said, \\"The funniest book I've ever read!\\" while I thought it somber, even depressing at times. It did indeed possess comic elements, but to label this a comedy is missing the point. Rather it is a four-hour therapy session(or however long it takes you to read this book), poking and prodding the ins and outs of relationships between men and women. The book was not so much eye-opening as it was startlingly accurate. Rob is without a doubt one of the most concrete characters to come out of recent fiction. Still, I felt that the author let us down at the end, in not having Rob stay true to form. I can say no more without spoiling. All in all: half a thumb up.
6304117302|5.0|This is one of the best movies.   So beautiful to look at.   The soundtrack is so good that I had to buy the CD to be able to quit playing the movie.  The battle scenes are terrifying, lyrical, hypnotic -- and plausible!   The script is full of gems that you have to rush to tell your friends about.    <br />But the DVD ruins the script.   They cut the great lines for no reason, and they add a preachy lecture at the end where Chingachgook complains, effectively, that one day this will all be shopping malls.   The additional footage on the DVD adds very little, and the mutilation of the script is a horrible letdown.
B000051VWW|5.0|I remember when Sade first appeared on the music scene.  I knew after seeing them perform this group of talented musicians and vocalist would be around musically for a very long time.  Sade, if anyone notices paints intricate and intimate stories on a blank musical canvas.  Listen to Nina Simone sing &quot;The Other Woman&quot; and compare the resemblances between Nina and Sade (Ms. Helen et. al). Both are reclusive artists taking their time on releasing a musical compilation until they have something poignant to say musically and artistically.  The album cover only reinforces the warmth you experience while listening to &quot;Lover Rock&quot;.  The only problem I have with &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; is there is not enough.  As soon as the compilation brings you to an orgasmic high, it ends and you are left waiting more.  Sade you have been missed!!!!!!
B00003CXA6|5.0|By far one of the most moving motion pictures you will ever see. If you like history you will not be bored at all. If you love history you will rank this as one of the best. This is what I consider an &quot;impact&quot; movie. It's recreation is right on target from what I have ever read about the Ciil War. The acting is fantastic. Do yourself a favor, and relax and enjoy a moment in history that will live forever. Martin Sheen as General Lee .........you can feel the pain as he made some big decsions of which cost his army dearly. Tom Beringer as General Longstreet in which General Lee thought of him as his right arm. I get a chill thinking about this epic. It is to bad that more people do not appreciate this movie. Enjoy and relive a moment in history that no one has ever tried to re-create such as this picture. If it is ever released on the  big screen try and catch it again !
0684853523|5.0|This book contains the most pedestrian  &quot;secrets&quot;  of How To Writing ever.  Everything in it is of derivative quality.  So it appears.  It almost appears boring.<br />Maybe it is so off-putting because there are no secrets to getting published, other than to have a pure heart and clear head?  If you are writing for anything other than the enjoyment, you are not in the groove of it, as Mr. King points out.  And even though the late R. A. Heinlein claims to have written stories solely to make money, he really was coming at it from another angle -- the issue of being practical by writing a commercial product -- which is something Mr. King eventually addresses in another section of the book.<br />So, although King emphasises that writing should begin with an actual enjoyment of the craft, his approach is also one of practicality and the desire to make a commercially viable product -- to make money from your stories.  Plain communication and a sharing of warmth in your cover letter, plus a good yarn, will eventually win an editor over to publishing your work, as Mr. King illustrates in one example.  Maybe this is something you should try.  Try enjoying your writing and your efforts in communicating with a potential editor.  You might actually create an attractive product this way.  (Psst!  That's a Major Secret!)<br />So ... On Writing is like a good magic trick -- it looks deceptively simple.  But only so.<br />Watch the trick again -- read the book again.  Though you might still miss how it's done, you'll be getting closer to the real picture -- like one of those magic eye pictures.  You see, by observing the trick again and again, you will eventually catch a glimpse into how the magic of actually gettting published is built up around a special structure that consists of humble basic principles.  Principles that not even Mr. King was aware of earlier on in his writing career.  Yet that is what Mr. King is really trying to get you to catch in this part autobiography part lesson plan workbook: how to combine the humble little principles of writing and communication skills needed to give your work a sense of warmth and attractiveness, qualities that will get your work at least noticed favorably, if not published.  And Mr. King carries this off masterfully, without having to resort to boxing your ears over it all.  That's called being subtle.  That's called being a masterful magician.<br />Psst!  Wanna see a neat trick?
B000003CMC|5.0|I've been listening to this album for twenty-eight years and it just keeps getting better.  If Blue Sky doesn't make your heart sing then egads thou art made of stone.  The slide on Trouble No More is NASTY.  Duane, I miss you, brother.
B00000IAU3|5.0|&quot;Here With Me&quot; from the WB's ROSWELL is an amazing and touching song. The entire album is excellent.  This easy listener is a definite recommendation!
B00004YW6I|5.0|Sometimes we forget the importance of art in our lives. Living day to day doing whatever it is we do, taking for granted all of the elements around us that have been created for the purpose of artistic contribution. Why is this? Is it because the majority of art that surrounds us, fails miserably at evoking any reaction or emotion, be it the car we drive in, or the building we work in? Or is it because anything with practical use is considered communal or better yet, simply a utility, without any artistic implication? Listening to An album like 'Stories...' reminds us of the importance of all types of Art. What a profound importance it has in our well being and growth. For instance, I have watched with intense amazement and pure fascination Polly Jean Harvey grow as an artist and create some of the most important music of MY life. Rarely is a person so deeply touched and moved by one persons art. 'Stories..&quot; for me is like a flag pole on top of the music industry mountain, she has outdone herself this time. With a brilliant and honest salute to rocks revolutionary roots and beats and riffs that get my body moving every time. So whether or not we are deeply moved by the bricks and stone that make our city's ,or interested in the people who designed them, I am reminded by great artists like Polly to appreciate there existence.
B00004WG28|5.0|This reworking of &quot;The King &amp; I&quot; was subject to a roasting by the critics at its theatrical release which reinforces my opinion that professional film critics no zip about &quot;normal&quot; people. This is much more than a costume drama, and is actually a better film than that upon which it is based. Jodie Foster delivers a versatile and stunning performance, and is more than ably supported by Chow Yun Fat (who up until now has been seen mainly in John Woo type thrillers). This film is epic in quality with sweeping landscapes, excellent period detail, and acclomplished cinematography rarely seen this year. You will fall in to this movie and enjoy every minute of it, humour, passion, drama and a sturdy script make for 2 hours of real entertainment. You will not be disappointed !
0440234743|4.0|I grabbed 4 novels to take with me on a weekend trip to Las Vegas.  I'm glad that the one I chose to read was The Testament.  I wanted a book that I could start and finish during the trip.  This was the perfect book.  It's a fun, fast, and emotional read.  It's fun to fantasize what you would do if handed $11 billion dollars (before taxes).  I disagree with those who thought that the ending fizzled out.  Let them come up with a better ending!  Grisham never disappoints.  I'd like to read the sequel.
B0000029LG|4.0|Michael Jackson's CD History is a well-done album, but nothing to write home about.  The two CD album reflects on the progression of Jackson's singing career from his early flamboyant style in \\"Billie Jean\\", to an emotional patient      approach in \\"Heal the World\\".  The problem with History comes in the way it is marketed. It is touted as the past, present, and future of the King of Pop; however, in doing so, it puts too much emphasis on his recent stuff, and takes away from his past glory.  With the exception of \\"Scream\\" and \\"They Don't Care About Us\\", all the other songs of disc 2 fall short of creating the stir and commotion, made by the music Jackson produced in the 80s and early 90s.  Songs like \\"D.S.\\", \\"Earth Song\\", and \\"You Are Not Alone\\", do nothing but burn time, and should have been replaced by great songs like \\"Say, Say, Say\\" that were not included in disc 1.   However discomforting disc 2 is, disc 1 makes up for it and more.  Songs such as \\"Thriller\\", \\"Beat it\\", and \\"Bad\\" have become synonymous with pop culture and will be among the favorites, forever. \\"Man in the Mirror\\" and \\"Wanna be startin' Somethin'\\" never get old and are simply great songs.  History is decent album, and shows why King of Pop will have a lasting impact on music.
0790742780|5.0|I do not usually give a movie five stars but this is an exception.This movie is very different in its time,but now I think its found its right audience.It is just such a great movie.It is even sometimes hilarious like the part in the fast-food place.This movie hits all the right elements to make it funny and sometimes downright serious.See it with a friend.
B000000OU0|5.0|I continue to be amazed at how timeless the Eagle's music is.  This &quot;live&quot; album is surprising in that nearly 25 years after their glory days of the 70's, they can still sing and play as well today as they did then.  If you can get the video of the concert from which this album was made, buy it.  Watching them play and sing is as pleasurable as hearing the familiar soft country rock songs that are so familiar and welcome.  The harmonies and guitar work are outstanding.  No one band should have this much song writing and guitar playing talent.  No wonder their &quot;Best Of&quot; album from the early 70's is now the best selling album of all time.  Year in and year out, it keeps on selling.  This tour album is excellent.
B000000OU0|5.0|In an interview shortly after the Eagles had official ceased being a band, Don Henley was asked when the band might possibly play together again and his response was &quot;when hell freezes over&quot;.  That quote provided the name for the 1994 reunion tour &amp; this live album that was recorded for an MTV special.  Even though it had been about 14 years since they last played together, you would never know it.  Their playing is crisp and their harmonies are picture perfect.  Instead of playing it safe, the band mixes things up right away by playing an all-acoustic version of their rock classic &quot;Hotel California&quot;.  The song opens practically unrecognizable with a Spanish sounding guitar fill before sliding into the familiar opening riff.  The drums are replaced by congas and instead of the dueling electric guitars, Don Felder &amp; Joe Walsh trade acoustic licks off of Mr. Felder's 6-string and Mr. Walsh's 12-string.  Instead of changing a song for change's sake, they breath-takingly deconstruct an all-to-familiar tune.  The rest of the live tracks are not nearly as ambitious, but they are played with a lot of verve and you can tell the band is really enjoying themselves.  Other standout tracks include a beautiful &quot;I Can't Tell You Why&quot;, a majestic &quot;The Last Resort&quot; and a raucous &quot;Life In The Fast Lane&quot;.  The four new studio tracks that open the album are solid, but not necessarily outstanding.  &quot;Get Over It&quot; is good rocker with typical Eagles stinging criticism, &quot;Love Will Keep Us Alive&quot; has a nice Timothy B. Schmidt vocal, &quot;The Girl From Yesterday&quot; touches on their country roots and &quot;Learn To be Still&quot; sounds like it was a leftover from Mr. Henley's The End Of The Innocence album.  The new tracks are basically just an appetizer for the main course of the concert tracks.  Some people may have doubted them, but the Eagles showed they could still soar above most bands with this album and playing together for them is just like riding bike, you never forget how to.playing together for them is just like riding bike, you never forget how to.
B00004YZFR|5.0|Great re-release!!!   Sound and picture are great and the added footage is a rare treasure.  I'm not sure why it is not in wide screen format (was the orginal theatrical release???) but this is a most have for Stones fans.  When is &quot;Ladies and Gentlemen&quot; coming out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002KCC|5.0|After the mammoth success of the country-flavored Harvest, Neil Young was riding high.  Shortly after that triumph, reality hit him square in the face with the deaths due to drug overdose of his close friends, founding Crazy Horse member Danny Whitten and roadie Bruce Berry. On Tonight's The Night he examines the despair, darkness and overall malaise that one sinks into while under the influence.  The title tracks bookend the album and they are open tributes to his two lost friends.  &quot;Mellow My Mind&quot;, &quot;Roll Another Number&quot;, &quot;Albuquerque&quot; and &quot;Tired Eyes&quot; explicitly detail the day to day life of a doper, &quot;Borrowed Tune&quot;, &quot;Speakin' Out&quot;, &quot;World On A String&quot; &amp; &quot;New Mama&quot; show the fragility of life and &quot;Lookout Joe&quot; is about Vietnam.  Mr. Young was searching for answers and on Tonight's The Night he asks alot of questions.  This album is not going to make you get up and dance, it is challenging and somewhat depressing. That's why it is a work of brilliance, Neil Young makes us listen to and think about what he has to say.
B000002I2M|4.0|this album which was released in 1971 is considered to be the doors best album.it certaintly is jim morrisons best performance as a songwriter/poet though.this is the album that spawned one of the doors best songs,&quot;la woman&quot;.from the wonderful &quot;la woman&quot; to the addictive &quot;the changeling&quot; and ending with &quot;riders on the storm&quot;,this album is a rock classic.
034538072X|5.0|In this book, Alison Weir has told not only the story of the six wives, but truly of both King Henry VIII and a backdrop of pre-Elizabethan England.  I highly recommend this book to any reader who is going to visit England, particularly London.  Weir's thoroughness educates the reader about the significance of the Tower of London and many of the British castles, especially Hampton Court Palace.  This book provides an excellent foundation for anyone who is then looking to study Queen Elizabeth and Shakespearean times.  It's amazing how she made history SO exciting!
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|The summer of this movie I had so many high expectations of many movies and I think I was let down because of the high level of expectation I had. This movie was so hyped up by the commercials and trailers, I thought it would be another let down. However, I thought this movie was the funniest I've seen in years. The theater was packed with people and all of them were laughing continously. I'd definately recommend this movie as a great original comedy.  There are, however, quite a few scenes that people did find offensive.  I think that comes with the territory with trying to set the mark like the Wayans did.
0152023984|5.0|This book is one of my all-time favorites.  I have read it so many times that I have lost count, but each time I learn something more and see something I never saw before.  The author produces this wonderful book that has his story and the little prince's.  It tells of the little prince's journey and of what he learns.  He meets a king, a geographer, a fox, a lamplighter, and several others who all teach him things about his life and the friend he left behind, the rose.  We can learn with him about true friendship, for this book really does teach about life and how to deal with it.
B000002JST|5.0|If we refer back to the original characteristics and meaning of rock 'n' roll, AC/DC proves once again on this album that they were and still are the best 'pure' rock band in the world.They know how to get back to the very roots of rock better than anyone else out there. The title-song of this album symbolizes there ability to catch this energy. Simply put, it doesn't get any more powerful than these guys doing their thing. Beginning with &quot;Go Down&quot;, every song on the album moves up another notch, culminating with the amazing &quot;Whole Lotta Rosie.&quot; If you want an amazing listening experience, but also one that will leave you playing air guitar or shouting at the top of your lungs, this is the one to get your hands on.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|After seeing the commercial for this during the Beatles &quot;Revolution&quot; special on November 17th, I knew right away it would be a hit.  27 of their biggest hits on 1 CD!  As a songwriter, the Beatles have influenced me in so many ways.  I like to think there a Beatle in my writing.  This music must live forever.  Pass it on to your kids or grandkids.  Play it for them whenever you can.  They are influenced by your music choices at a very young age. The world's #1 rock band shall live forever!!!
B00003ZA0T|2.0|Slipknot is a fairly good heavy band,but the only thing is,those masked hicks idea of being masked was already thought up by a pretty much undergroung band called MuSHRooMHEad.Ever heard of them?I didn't think so.They have been making records since '95.They already thought up the idea of having costumes and having that many people in thier band.The hillbillies in slipknot thought they would copy thier style.  So basically,Slipknot got famous off of MushroomHead's idea. Slipknot is a good band but be origional for god's sake. You should check out mushroomheadmusic.com or buy one of thier c.d.'s because they are far better than hick-knot.And Fred Durst would probobly agree with me.Well,gotta go pick up the new Limp c.d.-BYE HILLBILLIES!<br />p.s.-please e-mail me and share your opinion about Hick-knot.My screen name is DWshiznit.
0425170349|1.0|I have been a Clancy fan from the beginning, but don't expect that I'll spend another dime on one of his works. If you want a disgused diatribe against environmental extemists without the snappy thrill and demonstration of techno-thriller know-how such as Hunt for Red October or, even more so, in Red Storm Rising (my favorite Clancy book), then this is a great book for you. The stupidly outlandish ultimate raison d'etre for the Rainbow team is absurd and insulting to readers. What is Clancy trying to do, simplify complex issues with simple jingoistic positions? I can get that from most of the people I know for free.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica plays flawlessly throughout the album. Jaymzes singing is better than ever and the orchestra enhances the songs to new heights... An album that can also be enjoyed by people who normally dont listen Metallica
B00000J7S8|5.0|I can't listen to this CD enough!  She has a beautiful voice
0394800389|5.0|This book is real fun for kids to read, its real good and a real tounge twister! a few years ago in 6th grade I remember we had a competition to see who could read aloud the most with out twisting your tounge, its a good Dr. Suess book!
B000002U8A|5.0|I first heard the No. 1 hit song called &quot;The Reflex&quot;  when I was a kid.  I remember the intro. part of the lyrics that goes like this (The Reflex. . . [4x]. . . Ffffflex!).  New Moon on Monday, The Union of the Snake, Of Crime and Passion, and Shadows On Your Side are cool!  &quot;Tiger Tiger&quot; is a good instrumental piece, and &quot;The Seventh Stranger&quot; is a dramatic song that makes me want to cry.  Also, when I hear Le Bon singing that song, it sounds that it makes me feel like I want to cry.  I think the coolest and best song among the rest of the songs on this album is &quot;The Reflex!&quot;  Now, I feel like a kid again when I listen and dance to this song.  This brings back my childhood memories!
B00000K31V|5.0|I'm surprised so many people think this movie sucked - they must not have any imagination at all. Sure there is no loud music or fight sequences or explosions. You don't need them when you have a PLOT.<br />The overt strangeness and many twists are what make this movie work. Cronenberg introduces bizarro elements from the beginning, so the viewer accepts them without much fight. As things get weirder, and admittedly grosser, you almost don't notice - except that Ted (Law) annoyingly questions everything. Of course, Allegra (Leigh) is so blase that you figure everything must be fine. Carry on. By the end, you've accepted so much on faith that you're left wondering what just happened - and why you didn't see it coming. But if the game world had been closer to what we perceive as reality, or if the characters had been smoother, it would have been a really boring movie. So much happens at so many levels that you have to see the movie a couple of times to catch it all.<br />If you think this movie was just a gross-fest, you weren't paying attention. If you think it was depressing, you weren't paying attention. If you think it's a Matrix clone, you REALLY weren't paying attention.
B000031WI8|5.0|Wham! fans must buy this album!  This album has some danceable songs, and the coolest slow dance song called &quot;Careless Whisper!&quot;
078401213X|5.0|I have been enjoying PI for the past couple of years a couple of times a week, recently i saw Requim and it was also wonderful 5 stars on it too. but PI has a super soundtrack done by none other than the great Clint Mansell. <br />if you have not gotten the movie or soundtrack, you are missing out on a great great experience!!!
B00003CX8J|5.0|X-Men is an amazing movie. I was reluctant to see it a first.I knew a lot about the history because I had watched the cartoon when I was younger and &quot;played&quot; it with the local kids. The first thing that came to mind was a Batman and Robin type movie. Fakey and typical. It's nothing like that! I can promise you one thing, if I love this movie anyone will. It's really not what you may think but so much more. You can't get more gurly than me, 16 year old, mall going, fashion crazy girl,and yet I still love it. It's great for all ages and you will want to see it again. Best of all it has the hot guy action going on too. With Cyclops for the 21 and under age group and the more provacative Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) for the older crowd. Although I go for Hugh! I guess there are exception for ever rule. This film is fun, great for all ages and the gurly's will dig it too!
B0000041Z6|4.0|I reeally enjoyed listening to these CD's. Particularly the 5th and 7th. Mahler's 3rd was wonderful yet not as magical as the  Levine recording with the same group. All in all however, I thouhgt that this was by far the best compilation of Mahler's Symphonies.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This has got to be the geatest, greatest hits ever.  Featuring practically all of their hits, and a huge booklet with loads of information that would keep even the most die hard beatles fan happy.  Although this album is nothing that we havent seen before its the most complete album that has ever been done before, which makes it a must have for anyone who appreciates good music, or if they are just a mad beatles fan.  No home would be complete without a Beatles album, so you might as well make it this one as it is the best one out of the bunch, with a fantastic price tag.
B000051VWW|2.0|glad i had chance to hear two/threetracks before buying, saved some money. can never compare to her great albums.
B000001FTD|5.0|In my opinion Joey Belladonna is the ONLY singer for Anthrax and this album is one reson why. Great subject matter, awesome riffs, and songs you can shout along with make Among the Living a Thrashterpiece.<br /><br />The title track starts you off with a song about Stephen King's 'The Stand'. Who doesn't scream \\"I'm the Walking Dude!\\" when this comes on?<br /><br />Next we get to one of Anthrax's best and most notorious songs 'Caught in a Mosh', that bassline rules supreme.<br /><br />Forget Sylvester Stallone, Anthrax knew what Judge Dredd was all about, drocks and all. I am the Law is an awesome, crunchy tune all about the infamous Judge, Jury, and Executioner.<br /><br />Need more Stephen King? Well \\"Skeletons in the Closet\\" is about the story 'Apt Pupil' from \\"Four Seasons\\".<br /><br />Another great tune is Indians which no doubt was influenced heavily by Iron Maiden's \\"Run to the Hills\\"<br /><br />All their is left to say is \\"Mublanikcufecin\\". Nice F**kin Album.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|For the uninitiated, &#34;Beatles 1&#34; is a hit-filled introduction to the act we've known for all these years. Combining American and British chart-toppers, the CD provides a telling chronicle of the group's creative growth — from &#34;Love Me Do&#34; (their first single) in 1962, through the studio breakthroughs of &#34;Penny Lane&#34; (1967) and &#34;Hey Jude&#34; (1968), culminating in the 1970 swansong of &#34;Let It Be&#34; and &#34;The Long and Winding Road.&#34;  Though &#34;Beatles 1&#34; represents an ingenious money-making ploy, there is much validity to this historic overview. Welcome to Beatles 101 and enjoy the Fab Four's influential artistry.
B000002UDD|5.0|So far So good is in my opinion their best album. Personally I stopped listening to Megadeth after they released Countdown to Extinction. Let's face it Dave was never meant to be a singer, but his growling and screaming fit in so well with the songs on this album.<br />From the opening track 'Into the Lungs of Hell' you are met head on with two lead guitar players who almost seam to be fighting each other. This is probably their fastest album by far and God knows how many strings broke to complete this project. 'Anarchy in the UK' to me is the standout. I know it's a cover, but everytime I heard it I just wanted to break down walls and chew on gravel. 'Hook in Mouth', 'Set the World Afire', and 'Liar' also get the juices going like only good metal can.<br />'502' is a forgotten tune in the Megadeth arsenal, but most albums have filler. It's not a bad song, it just doesn't seam to fit in with the rest of the songs. I think Dave and Crew lost some intensity as their careers continued after this one. None of their following albums ever made me want to drive my car off a cliff and enjoy the ride like this one did.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is a short comment on the review from ajake1963 from Bloomington, IN USA on &quot;Abbey Road&quot;, where ajake writes ....before being taken into the classic &quot;The End,&quot; with Starr's drum solo, ..... The drum solo on &quot;The End&quot; is actually done by Paul McCartney.<br />Anyway - this is the greates album in rock histoty!
B00003CXDG|1.0|I don't know why you would give this a thumbs up.  I thought this had to have been one of the worst movies I've seen at a theater.  I was ready to walk out towards the end.  Sure, some movies you have to take it at face value for unbelievable action sequences, but since when did Tom Cruise become Bruce Lee?  The MI series revolved around all the characters and not just one man.  In here, Ethan Hunt is James Bond and Ving Rhames becomes a two scene side-kick doing whatever James Bond wants.  The story was the same old recycled stuff, why not develop that more on the terrorists, etc.  <br />The last fight scene and chase were so unbelievable and long (felt like an eternity, especially the bike scene....year right, drive on your shoes off the bike?), I was half out of my seat towards the door, but my girlfriend wanted to see the ending.  If you want to spend $20, spend it on Gladiator or the Patriot because this will just gather dust in your collection.
B00004X0Q0|3.0|Good album, incasinoout was a bit better. My only problem with ATDI despite their rocking shows is the lyrics. Yes you can say nonsensical lyrics are just too deep for lamens to read. But with the exception of some of the songs in one interview I read they just make the words up when they sound good. But than again, emo is the land of vague lyrics so we'll make do.
B000000W5N|5.0|You got it right,this is the album that had a zipper originally on vinyl.But let's make it clear,one never buys an album for such a dumb reason ,since the zipper disappeared on cd.This was the ROLLING STONES's all time best original album;it's got everything we ever liked about them:BROWN SUGAR and BITCH rocks on;I GOT THE BLUES tells a lot about their early passion for the blues;DEAD FLOWERS has a wonderful country flavour and SISTER MORPHINE well we all know what's it about.MICK TAYLOR was the best guitarist they ever had to back up KEITH RICHARDS.
B000051VWW|5.0|I loved this CD, and will highly recommend it.  If you have enjoyed the Best of Sade or any of her older CDs, then this CD may take you by surprise.  A lot of the tracks have a newer flavor to them.  I like &quot;By Your Side&quot; because it's a strong statement from a woman to her man.  She is basically saying that she will stand by his side no matter what.  Isn't unconditional love a beautiful thang?  <br />My favorites on this CD is &quot;Flow&quot;, &quot;Every Word&quot;, &quot;Lover's Rock&quot; and &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart.&quot;  Every cut has a slightly new sound and flavor.  The usuage of distinct instrument, excellent background singing, and some caribbean and jamaican (as well as african) flavors are on the tracks.  I absolutely loved &quot;Lover's Rock&quot;.<br />I am glad to see Sade return with new flavors that has our ears singing.  The CD is smooth and will relax you.<br />Enjoy it!  I do, every single day (It's still in my CD player). Honey, don't snooze on this one!  It was definitely worth the wait.
B0000203YT|5.0|Get thee to your nearest plastic and purchase Shakespeare in Love, a delightful comedy that sparkles with wit, literary smarts, passionate romance and expert acting by a glossy, enthusiastic cast. Although this fancifully imagined episode from the life of William Shakespeare may not be every moviegoer's goblet of glee, viewers with even a smidge of knowledge of the playwright's life and works will have a merry old time. <br />The movie opens in 1593 in bustling London where Shakespeare (Fiennes), having left his wife and kids back in Stratford-upon-Avon, is in the dumps over his slumping love life and his latest comedy, Romeo and Ethel, the Pirate's Daughter. <br />Then he falls for lovely Lady Viola (Paltrow), a wealthy lass who auditions for Romeo and Ethel disguised as a boy (women were barred from the stage in Elizabethan times), and soon Shakespeare is happily hopping between bed and writing desk. The course of true love never does run smooth, though, for Paltrow has a fiancé (Firth, stuffily amusing) who is hot to get his hands on her fortune by putting a ring on her finger. <br />Friskily directed by John Madden (Mrs. Brown) and cowritten by Marc Norman (Waterworld) and the preternaturally clever Tom Stoppard (Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead), Love would have us believe that this fictitious Viola is the Dark Lady of Shakespeare's sonnets and the inspiration for several of his best plays, including, of course, Romeo and Juliet. <br />Given Paltrow's radiant performance, the believing is easy. She imbues the character with intelligence, grace and a touching vulnerability. Fiennes (Ralph's bro), rather a dud as Lord Dudley in Elizabeth, shows more spark here, making Shakespeare a whirlwind of impetuous emotion and talent who learns the hard way that if all doesn't end well in real life, you can always make it do so in the next play. <br />A film to keep twirling about. (one of my favorite scenes)
6303983812|5.0|I think the story is about life in an animated style.  It has lessons for all to learn about and those we remember to reflect back on.  I felt the tom cat and the band of cats was especially unique and gave the movie a touch of jazz by their actions and their music. I am hoping everyone can watch this and enjoy it.
6305358567|4.0|It takes orbs of brass to walk where Sarah Bernhardt, Bette Davis, Judith Anderson, and Glenda Jackson have ruled before. Yet here's blissfully unactressy Cate Blanchett in &quot;Elizabeth,&quot; embracing the role of England's legendary 16th-century Virgin Queen with luminous, spirited, style.<br />Indian director Shekhar Kapur's retelling of the crowning of 25-year-old Queen Bess, who survived conspiracies and assassination attempts -- and, in the bargain, had to forfeit her womanly desires for love and sex -- tags all the period-piece bases. But there's more hot blood running through the veins of this opulent production than its A&amp;E-style subject matter might suggest.<br />This is a sensual, psychologically modern costume drama influenced by both &quot;The Godfather&quot; and gals' guides to empowerment; beneath the finery of these schemers beat hearts as up-to-date as any on a TV drama, assuming a TV story line allows for beheadings.<br />The Australian-born Blanchett, whose starring role in &quot;Oscar and Lucinda&quot; has nevertheless kept her relatively unknown here, is the queen of this tony entertainment, pure and simple; without her, Kapur's extravagant history lesson (written by Michael Hirst) blurs into dark doings among men in tights. But when Blanchett announces her feminist declaration, &quot;I am no man's Elizabeth,&quot; we're thrilled because she makes us know that she most definitely is not.<br />A fine period piece of deep reflections.
B000002U6E|4.0|I love this album; however, it's awful when Engima refused to properly acknowledge the singers in &quot;Return to Innocence&quot;.  Those elderly Taiwanese singers deserve respect from Engima, instead of being ripped off.
B00004W5UA|5.0|Paging Susan Faludi! Director Fincher (Seven) has a knack for visual flair, but in this twisted tale of disgruntled malehood, he takes his work to a new and utterly hyperkinetic level.  Norton plays a yuppie malcontent with a bad case of insomnia. He drifts through support groups until befriending a mercurial soap salesman (Pitt) on a plane ride. Pitt also moonlights as a projectionist and waiter, but that's more to pull pranks than out of economic necessity.  The two start an underground, bare-knuckles fight club; cohabit a rundown Victorian house in a toxic waste zone; and form a covert army to bring down corporate America. Sound hyperbolic? It is, but that's part of the film's beauty.  The drama is never dull, the acting is on the mark--especially Bonham Carter and Meat Loaf in juicy supporting roles--but what puts the fight in this film is Fincher's visual wizardry.  This is not just a fight flick as some believe. This is an important view of the decay of society with morality clashes-- worth viewing, understanding, and owning.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Picture this: the fusing together of two of the most opposite genres of music in existence-heavy metal and classical.  The first gives us guitars, basses, drums, and singing of undecipherable words; the second gives us eloquence and emotions through exquisite playing of string instruments, woodwind instruments, and brass instruments.<br />This is what Metallica did in their S &amp; M CD.  They united heavy metal and classical music from the San Francisco Philharmonic in a way never before done.  And the results were amazing!  Being a violin player myself, I very much appreciate classical music, and being my father's daughter, I have come to enjoy heavy metal as well.  But the mixing of the two genres was even better.<br />My favorite song on the CD is entitled \\"No Leaf Clover.\\"  The introductory music is only the symphony playing a tune that seems to be a huge crescendo in preparation for the entry of the guitars, which explode into the song and then take over.  <br />This CD is one of the best I have ever heard, and I recommend buying it to anyone who is a fan of Metallica or classical music.  From either perspective, this is an impressive convergence of two of my favorite types of music, and the effect it produces is, in the words of my brother, simply \\"sweet!\\"
B000002UUX|5.0|This is the only Megadeth I own. It's just worked out that way. I remember reading a glowing review in a guitar mag that made me want to buy it. So, I did, and listened to it - maybe - once or twice before packing up and going off to college -- Land of Phish. Plus, my roomates didn't quite get the metal thing. As a result, this gem got packed away in a tape case not to be heard until the summer of '98. I was teaching audio, and some students of mine started talking about how good it was. So, back I went to my apartment, rummaged through my old tapes (which I had pretty much forgotten since most of my music is now on CD) and there it was. I popped that bad boy in and when &quot;Holy Wars&quot; kicked in, I couldn't figure out why I had let this sit unlistened to for so damn long!<br />I kept this tape in my car for weeks on end, letting it just play continuously, flipping over and over. The guitar playing is aggressive and extremely clean, the song structures are largely unconventional, and Dave Mustaine's voice is that of a crazed genius. And the drums...there's a reason that it's credited as &quot;Lead Drums&quot;!<br />So, kick it old school and check this one out -- especially if you're a guitarist.
B000002UB3|5.0|Your CD collection is worthless if it does not include Abbey Road
0553106635|5.0|Who would've thought that I'd be doing any reading in college anyway. This book almost made me fail two exams. 5 days it lasted before I put the cover back on and placed it back next to its brothers. I got through 5 books of Jordan's before I realized he couldn't write. The new Brooks was a waste. I made my parents go and meet GRRM for me because I was in school and couldn't. His personality stunned even them. I'm telling you, these books, &quot;Storm&quot; most of all, will make you feel like you're in the greatest drama never to be seen on TV. Too bad we need to wait a while for the next episode. Thanks. -DK
B00003CWTI|3.0|Well, this is a very well directed movie, but that does not cover up for the weak story.  The plot is a jumbled mess that flies all over the place, and never comes together the way you were expecting.  The ending as well, is very dissapointing.  Whats good, about it?  The acting, is top notch, by far.  Everybody (a very impressive cast) shines as an actor, and inspite of disliking this movie, I will see anything that PT Anderson does in the future.  He's young and filled with promise, and I am sure in the future he will outdo this movie.
B00003CXE6|5.0|To be honest I was shocked and then disturbed when I read that the critically acclaimed Gladiator would be for sale on VHS for $111 dollars.  Don't get me wrong.  DVD is the newest trend in movie technology, and I support its amazingly low price for two very valuable discs.  However, most of us can't afford DVD, let alone the cost of a full-priced movie.  I paid full-price for Gladiator when it first was released because I was so impressed with the trailer.  I continued watching the movie, though, at the dollar theaters because seven times seven dollars would equal a smaller checking account.  Besides, one of Gladiator's themes is that everyone deserves fairness and dignity, whether slave or free, white or black, man or woman.  The enormous video price for this film insults this value, allowing the few to enjoy this film just in time for Christmas.  We can do better than this; Maximus died for a nobler cause than movie sales.  This is a film which needs to be enjoyed by everyone, on both VHS and DVD.
B00003CX8I|5.0|X-Men the movie is one of those movies you want to see but you think is going to be a dud.When I went to the theater I thought X-Men was going to be great but at the same time I thought it would suck.It turned out I walked out the theater saying &quot;Hey Did you see X-Men the Movie, if you didn't I'd get up off that seat and buy a ticket right now&quot;So I guess X-Men The movie=The movie of the summer.
B000051VWW|5.0|I don't think this CD is fully classic Sade, but it is excellent nonetheless! Her vocals are good and sound the same, but I can tell she's getting older. Anyway, I still enjoy her voice. Although I didn't too much care for the &quot;By your side&quot; song, but all the rest of the songs are excellent! King of Sorrow is about as close to classic Sade as you might get on this one. But don't worry about that! As usual, she pours her heart out and tells you how she is feeling. As you can see from my rating I loved it! And you will too!
B000002MTU|5.0|I read the review from the music fan in Geogia dated July 27, 2000 and have to agree on all points. Eric can play the blues and this a very well played &quot;tribute&quot; album meant to pay homage to the man's influences. It's an excellent introduction to the blues or a great addition to your collection if you are already a fan of the music as I was when I bought my copy.
B000050XEI|5.0|Buy this CD NOW!  You will thank me later.  Her songs make me feel as if I am in another world where all dreams come true and there is only tranquility.  Sounds corny but thats how her masterpieces make me feel.  So many emotions are expressed in her songs. My favorites from this new CD are well, all the songs.  It's that good.  Enya is a Goddess.  So get to it and put it in your shopping cart. While your at it, if you don't have her past albums, get those too.  Bye.
B000002MTU|5.0|I read the review from the music fan in Geogia dated July 27,2000 and have to agree on all points. Eric can play the blues and this a very well played &quot;tribute&quot; album meant to pay homage to the man's influences. It's an excellent introduction to the blues or a great addition to your collection if you are already a fan of the music as I was when I bought my copy.
B00003CX8J|4.0|for a sequel to come out, and we'll have a great xmen movie. This film had fairly well written characters, took itself seriously, and touched on the larger social issues xmen has always tried to be about. The story's pretty weak, though.  Magneto's plan could've been an outtake from the old Batman tv show, and the movie is terribly anticlimactic. <br />Give em a whole movie to write a plot through, instead of using an hour to intro characters, and maybe xmen2 will truly succeed.<br />xtras on the dvd are nice  deleted scenes are really good scenes - they just would've weighted down the film in the wrong places
B00003CXFG|3.0|This film is beautifully filmed, well acted and good for a couple of hours' entertainment. What it is not is frightening, or at least, not as frightening as it tries to be. Watch the original 'Alien' instead if you want to see how Sci-Fi horror should be done.
0449911357|5.0|Although I saw the movie based on this book several times, its only now 15 years after the book was published that I finally decided to read it.  And now that I have gulped down the pages, I'm wondering what took me so long to read this book and envelop myself with this delightful book filled wth Southern charm. And while its also safe to say that many readers and movie viewers are now familair with the storis about Idgie, Ruth, Ninnny and Evelyn, rarely does a book today offer such wonderful and endearing characters as does this book.  Add to that a plot  which has you racing to the last page and sighing when you close the book.<br />While describing a friendship between two women some 60 years before and a present day relationship between a nursing home resident and her loyal visitor, the reader is set off on a roller coaster ride of emotions. Dealing with subjects as far reaching as women's liberation, homosexual relationships, rights of minority groups and growing old, Fannie Flagg never fails to enitce her readers and allow then to view a slice of American life now sadly gone.<br />It may have taken me all of this time to finally read a book by Fannie Flagg, but if her other titles are nearly as good as this one, I surely will be in reader's heaven. I recently purchased Welcome to the World, Baby Girl which I'm saving for the proverbial rainy day.  I have a feeling it may be coming soon.
B0000024SI|1.0|One big giant dud! Insane lyrics, horrible singing (I guess its singing), and how can we forget the talented musician who keeps blowing a whistle thruout the title track!Spend your money wisely, BUY A BEATLE ALBUM INSTEAD!!!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Christina's voice just keeps getting better and better and she goes all out with this CD. Christina has the voice of an angel. I can't wait for her follow-up to her debut album. You go girl!.
B00003CXE7|3.0|This Movie is really well filmed the costume's and the Scenery looks authentic to the time of the Roman Empire. The Fighting is Really well Done. The Battle tactics They us at the Start of the Movie against the Germanic Tribe looks like an actual startegy they would use at that time and the acting was convincing. All of this is really impressive, But When you will see this movie you will think imediatly of Brave Heart, without breaking the story to others, similar events in the main characters life happen. Which you will find decieving. They should of added different twists, and fixed the plot to be Different. Then Everyone would of Enjoyed it Much More! The Movie was also too long, they should of made it a little shorter but it's just a tiny detail no big deal. Because of these reasons I give it a 3 Star but it's still a movie you will want to watch. Entertaining!
6300268993|4.0|I like this movie so much i saw it over a 100 times (and i'm not kidding). When I was 8 years my mom &amp; dad taped this for me when it was aired on tv. I didn't get the subplots and so on because i was only 8, but man i loved that movie. (especialy the part where superman brakes general zod's hand, and the part where superman returns to the restaurant to kick that truck-driver 's ...!!)<br />Now I like it because it does remind me of my childhood and how i did enjoyed it everytime!!!!<br />But it's a good movie for that time anyway, i mean it's 20 years ago...
0790729733|4.0|JFK is brilliant filmmaking.   Innovative use of period stock, timeline distortion, flashbacks, and great acting all combine to immerse the viewer in a world that feels decidedly real.  Stone succeeded wildly in technically innovating his way to a new kind of cinema verite. The problem is, of course, JFK's just a movie, but the people it depicted (mostly) existed.  That immediately opens up Stone's directorial tour-de-force to criticism on grounds of accuracy.   There, it languishes in ambiguity and doubt.<br />Though Garrison only barely lived to see the film released, his colleagues at the time have since given interviews in which they described the characterizations of Ferry, Shaw and other principles as unfamiliar.  As another reviewer has pointed out, no mention is really made of Shaw's meritorious military service in World War II, nor is Garrison's characterization of Shaw as a \\"CIA operative\\" really challenged (he was never on the CIA payroll).   Likewise, the film fails to directly explore what happened to Garrison in later life, and how his theories about the assassination kept getting broader and less fact-based.   There's no discussion of the allegations of bought witnesses, flimsy evidence, or corruption which swirled around Garrison at later stages of his investigation, and which ultimately helped to lose him a re-election bid.   Garrison is merely portrayed as a quixotic hero tilting at government windmills.  <br />And indeed maybe he was.  Maybe the loss of David Ferrie (his star witness) was so devastating to his case that he tried to put it back together again, using flimsier evidence.   Maybe he really had a case and it just evaporated.  Or maybe, like some members of the Lousiana press were reporting at the time, he had nothing.     <br />JFK does little to settle the debate surrounding Jim Garrison.  If anything- and maybe this was Stone's point all along--it's just deepened it.  That escalating debate is mirrored in the emotions evoked by the film itself.<br />At its worst, JFK is seen to be dangerous, fact-starved propoganda.   Some have found it easy to compare Stone to the acclaimed German director, Leni Riefenstahl, whose stunning art glorified Hitler's regime at the expense of literal truth.   <br />At its best, Stone's vision is a dramatization of a few branches of the assassination story unknown to most Americans.   Prior to this film, many were unaware that there had been any sort of court case at all connected with the assassination, and that it might have led to a conviction, had Garrison been able to provide better witnesses.  It can be claimed that the many inaccuracies in the film are no more egregious than what generally happens in many historical dramas.    <br />Whatever faults there are in the facts on display, though, there is actual history in Oliver Stone's film.   It's just not the history of the assassination, or even an entirely accurate record of Garrison's investigation.   Rather, JFK's strength is in dramatizing some of the main conspiracy theories.  And if viewed as more allegory than fact--if Costner's Garrison is seen as a theatrical lens through which to view the various strands of conspiracy theory that have long floated around the assassination--then it works less problematically than if you try to see it as a definitive history of anything that happened in Lousiana or Texas in the 1960s.  <br />Fifty years from now, JFK will likely be seen as an accurate history of the way the assassination made people feel.  The assassination was the start of anger and rebellion against the government in America.  And, whatever its other faults, JFK shows why.   Even if many of the events in JFK aren't literally true, and real people take an unjustified beating in Stone's harsh light, Stone isn't exactly making it up.  He's putting on the screen the questions that so many Americans had then, and certainly continue to ask.  He doesn't arrive at his conclusions through meticulous academic research; Stone assumes, perhaps to his detriment, that Garrison and Marrs have already done his homework for him.  No, JFK Is history by reflection.  Stone has put a giant mirror in front of the American people and asked whether we like what we see.<br />[DVD Notes: Don't even bother with any other version but the new Director's cut.  Neither DVD version has any significant additional featres, but at least the Director's cut has 17 more minutes of footage.  It's very frustrating that the DVDs are so devoid of extra features, because there's so much that could have been included.  The only reason I'm taking a star away from this product is because of the inexplicably missing bonus material.]
1878424319|5.0|One might think such a small book would be a quick read. Not this one. No other book has evoked more emotions or more memories of like-scenarios in which I played a part. <br />I do not recommend you read this without tissues. I carry it with me and have found that even when I do not attempt to apply the principles, I inadvertently do. I now stop and think before I speak, in all occasions. It has changed my life immeasurably, and I can not say that about any other book I've read.<br />Alma Kesling<br />................................
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is everything that a modern epic film should be. This film is a towering triumph that will not soon be forgotten. It features a very well-written script, amazing visuals, incredible moments of both action and drama, as well as absolutely stellar acting performances from the entire cast. Russell Crowe established himself as one of the best actors in the world today, with his commanding and emotionally powerful portrayal of Maximus, who is a hero in every sense of the term. Crowe deserves every accolade that he gets for his marvelous performance, which was by far one of the most commanding and heartfelt performances I have ever seen in a movie. Crowe's work in The Insider and L.A. Confidential made him a legitimate star, while his role in Gladiator cemented his position as one of the most prominent leading actors in Hollywood today. Crowe, an avid horseback rider, even did many of his own stunts in the movie. Joaquin Phoenix delivers a breakthrough performance as Commodus, the emotionally conflicted son of Emperor Marcus Aurelius, played by veteran actor Richard Harris. Phoenix's performance demands sympathy as well as hatred from the viewer, with gripping emotions as well as an ever-present sense of jealousy and spite. The late, great Oliver Reed(who died shortly before filming wrapped), put the finishing touch on a storied career with his performance as Proximo, the slave ower who helps Maximus regain his freedom. Connie Nielsen, a relative newcomer, also delivers an excellent performance as Commodus' older and wiser sister, who has had previous involvement with Maximus. The visuals in this movie are absolutely stunning, as ancient Rome is brought to life like never before with some absolutely amazing computer-generated visuals, as well as painstakingly crafted sets. Scenes of battle in this movie are graphic but never overindulgent, and convey a sense of the brutality that must have existed during this time. This movie is grand in both story and scale, and visuals serve to reinforce the strong acting by providing an unbelievable backdrop for the story. Ridley Scott, who is a master of skillful character filming, does not disappoint in what many people consider his finest film to date, as his skillful camera work gives a deep insight into the emotions of every character in the film. Gladiator is truly an epic achievement. Dreamworks did an excellent job with the Gladiator DVD, with some of the cleanest audio and video transfers I have seen on the DVD format. This movie was meant to be watched on DVD as the enhanced picture and sound really serve to heighten the experience of watching this movie. The DVD also contains nearly 4 (yes, four) hours of bonus materials including 30 minutes of deleted scenes, an HBO first look special, several commentaries, as well as a 50 minute documentary from the Learning Channel called: Bloodsport of a Gladiator, which examines the lives of actual Gladiators in ancient Rome. The inclusion of a journal by young actor Spencer Treat Williams, (who plays Lucius, the eventual heir to the throne of Rome)is n especially welcome addition. The DVD actually devotes a second disc solely to the special features.  The Bottom Line is this: Gladiator is a true modern epic, one of the best films ever made. It features incredible acting, a gripping storyline, and absolutlely stunning visuals. This movie is a must-have for any DVD collection. Movies just don't get much better than this.
B00003CXDG|3.0|The purpose of this silly action adventure flick seems to have been to live up to its name.  The malarkey they want us to swallow is so utterly impossible that this film could easily be one of the most laughable movies of 2000.  Fifty bad guys shoot 10,000 bullets at Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) with automatic weapons, but never even wing him.  Hunt, armed only with pistols, kills a bad guy with every bullet he fires, often killing them three at a time while somersaulting through the air.<br />John Woo (Broken Arrow, Face/Off) is a veteran of action adventure films and his expertise in this area is evident throughout the film.  It contains stupendous action sequences throughout, though I thought Woo's attempt to turn Tom Cruise into Jackie Chan was a bit much.  Woo also chose some breathtaking locations and the photography was first rate.<br />Ronald Moore's (Star Trek: Generations) story was an utterly unoriginal excuse to keep half of Hollywood's stunt actors employed.  The screenplay by Robert Towne (Bonnie and Clyde, Chinatown, Armageddon) was even worse.  The dialogue was wretched.  If one more character ripped off his face, I would have stomped the DVD.<br />The acting was nothing special.  Cruise really had nothing intelligent to say or do, so the best I can say about him is that he was in great shape and showed us what a good athlete he is.  Thandie Newton (Beloved) was initially very dynamic and sassy, but by the end of the film, she was reduced to a quivering jellyfish.  Dougray Scott was fair as the villain, but lacked the wickedness to make him truly hateful. <br />This film did well at the box office grossing over $200 Million, a testimonial to the American public's inherent need to see stuff blown up without the burden of having to lug their brains to the movie theater.  I rated this film a 6/10 on the strength of Woo's fabulous action sequences.  Wear earplugs (to protect your ears from the loud explosions and the insipid dialogue) and don't expect to be mentally stimulated.
B000050XEI|5.0|Ever close your eyes? Ever stop and listen? These words, found in the opening of the song &quot;Wild Child,&quot; track 2 on the disc, are exactly what you will find yourself doing with this music. I've been a fan of Enya since &quot;Watermark,&quot; and eagerly awaited each new album as it was slowly perfected in the studio, and not once have I been disappointed. &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is no exception. Just when you think that Enya cannot get any better, that her music has reached its pinnacle, it does gets better. You'll find on this disc the beloved Enya sound, with its flowing harmonies and striking instrumentals. Some songs have that wonderfully uplifiting lightness to them (Wild Child, Flora's Secret) while others have a slightly darker sound, (Tempus Vernum, sung in Latin) yet they are all wonderfully produced masterpieces. I would give six stars, given the option. You can't lose with this incredible music.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Boy-howdy, it's not like I don't have lp's and cd's galore of Beatles' music...I wondered: why do I need this one, too???... but bought it anyway and found myself closing the office door and cranking it up and movin' &amp; groovin'. I was a huge fan, saw them perform, the excitement had faded... listening to this compilation brought it back &amp; raised my bummer mood and put a little jaunt in my step--it's an essential cd for any serious Beatles fan or music lover (and even for those seeking to raise their musical tastes above the troglodyte level).  Hock granny if you don't have the bucks, but buy and listen!
0811826848|5.0|I was going to give this book 4 stars, until half-way through I was struck by the pure genius of it all.  Why?  It's like a cover song - when someone else plays a Beatles song, does it ever really sound as good as the original?  Rarely.  &quot;Anthology&quot; is a huge tome of a book comprised entirely of interviews and snippets from the Fab Four themselves, with a very few extras from their manager, studio producer, etc.  It seems like a coffee table book, but it certainly isn't - over 350 large pages of fine print.  <br />The reason why this book ALMOST got 4 stars is because of the inherent nature of a book made entirely of quotes - natural conversation doesn't translate well onto the printed page, especially when so many people are quoted from different periods in their lives.  The book never says &quot;In 1964, the Beatles recorded Rubber Soul&quot; or anything like that.  Instead, the quotes gradually roll around to telling you, until you realize &quot;Oh, we're in the studio again&quot;.  Often this book is disjointed and hard to follow, especially if you don't anything about the Beatles.  <br />However, few people know nothing about the Beatles!  After the first 30 pages, you get used to the style of presentation, and later on you realize the beauty of it all - these boys are down-right inspiring.  Worked in with all the tours and stories and pranks and bad rumors and other nonsense are wonderful descriptions of their music and how it was written, what its inspiration was, and the trials that were faced to create it.   The Beatles didn't idolize themselves, not like their fans do, so the words just flow out effortlessly and pure, just like their music did.  This was their lives, no big deal, this is what they did.  The creativity is catchy.<br />If you are a die-hard Beatles historian, I'm positive that nothing new is said in this book.  There is no &quot;myth-making&quot; in these pages - their fights and disagreements are very bluntly presented - but you can see a &quot;No Big Deal&quot; kind of attitude formed.  It's is only natural, the survivors are turning 60, after all.  Like the video series and the CDs, this version of Anthology is a warm revisit of a wonderful little rock'n'roll band.  Check it out.
B000050XEI|5.0|This album is wonderful!  I've listened to Enya for such a long time and this album keeps reinforcing her ethereal vocals interlaced with dreamlike music.  It's a superb CD, you won't be let down.
0062502182|1.0|Lets try and make a critical approach to this piece of masterpiece. Because a masterpiece it is weather you enjoyed it or not, whether you like it or not. I am not going to start by saying what this book is about. This is the kind of book that is a lot of different things for a lot of people. To me it was a waste of 12 good reading hours, but I will come to this later.<br />This is a story about growing-up, getting away, knowing the world, become wise and find &quot;Ithaca&quot;. There is a boy that rebels to his destiny to be a shepherd and travels the world to see his &quot;Personal Legend&quot; and to achieve this he has to follow the &quot;Signs&quot;  and hear the &quot;voices&quot; and feel the &quot;Universal power&quot; conspiring to help him. <br />But where does this story stand next to the others of its kind?. How well does Sandiago much up to the rest of the wanderers in the history of literature? Take  Homer's Ulysses for example who no-matter how well he knew that he was nothing but a pawn in the hands of the Gods he would still master all his human ingenuity, to actively change his situation going against  the signs  thrown on his way. Young Sandiago on the other hand, is a kid with a dream too, but unlike Ulysses carries his pathetic existence, from place to place, looking for signs, waiting miserably for whatever supernatural powers to claim his destiny. Like a real contemporary New Age hero...<br />....., uninspired, cliché, dangerous I would describe this book. And I strongly recommend NOT to read it if you haven't read beforehand, Homer, Dante, Newton, Kavafi, and the three fundamental laws of thermodynamics (don't be scared because its physics, they are in your year 10 science book somewhere in you old bookcase, they are 3 paragraphs altogether, and they make perfect sense, go on and read them, then you will see the real magic and wonder and what a unimaginably fantastic this world of ours is). <br />And as Kavafi said &quot; if you are out there to find Ithaca, you should wish that the trip is long and tough&quot; because ultimately  what really matters at the end is not Ithaca but the trip itself
B0000508U6|5.0|Hello USA! After living and working in the UK for over 2 years now, I have managed to dig a little deeper into the UK music scene with limited time. Yes, I do like a lot of the harder hitting stuff, but I must admit this Coldplay CD is one of those you can put on the stereo (or hi-fi as they say over here) and just listen and listen. Relaxation without any harshness or irritation. Some nice 'layering' and acoutic guitar. This CD is good for those nice cold rainy UK days where it pays to just stay in and chill! With the breakout of first their first UK single &quot;Yellow&quot; and now &quot;Trouble&quot; the UK have quickly grasped onto this one. It's all good stuff, with &quot;Don't Panic&quot; and &quot;High Speed&quot; also being a couple of my personal favorites. By all means give this one a go. In this case you will not be wasting your dollars!
B00004YW6I|5.0|i cant stop listening to this album. it is truly a rock masterpiece. sure it sounds like patti smith a bit but polly is still in her own league. i like this so much cause its very straight forward and you dont have to get used to it and you wont get tired of it, i loved it the first time i heard it. is this desire is extremely suttle and complex and it took me a while to love that one. but this just takes off from start and never loses its way. oh i think im in love with you polly jean.  love this!
B000002UA0|5.0|Piper at the Gates of Dawn is a very strange album. It's Pink Floyd's debut, and one of the few albums with Syd Barrett still in the band. Most of the songs are childlike, simple tunes. However, almost all of them have a rather scary quality. An example is &quot;Flaming&quot;. The lyrics to it are simple and rather boring. However, the way Syd sings it sounds insane. This album also contains some early experimentation with distorted guitars and random sound effects. &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; contains a lot of distortion. &quot;Pow. R. Toc. H.&quot; has some very strange sound effects, and &quot;Bike&quot; is a love song that ends with quacking ducks. While all of these are good, my favorite song on the cd is &quot;Matilda Mother&quot; with it's beautiful keyboards. Overall, this cd is a must have. Buy it!
B00000768E|5.0|Ever adaptable, ABBA kept their finger on the pulse of the late 70s by dipping into the buzzing disco culture. Rather than completely immerse themselves in the genre, they merely borrowed some of the tools and tricks and applied them to their classic pop creations. &quot;If It Wasn't For The Nights&quot;, an absolute highlight, is a perfect example of this marriage of dancefloor pizzazz to Abba's trademark piano-driven tunefulness (it really should have been a single). The disco feel is more strongly felt on the album's zingy title track which, 20 years later, still sounds fresh [check the recent cover by Culture Club - excellent!]. Meanwhile, the sexy &quot;Lovers&quot; adds a touch of funk to the disco feel with spectacular results. Like any Abba album, great tunes are at the core. &quot;Angeleyes&quot; and &quot;Chiquitita&quot;, of course are among Abba's all-time classics. The structure of the latter owes more to, perhaps, classical music than to pop and demonstrates the breadth of Andersson's and Ulvaeus' talent. Of course, younger pop fans will be familiar with &quot;I Have A Dream&quot; as performed by Westlife - but Abba's version appeared first on this album and was a big Christmas hit in Europe in 1979. However, because of the snobbery directed against disco, many excellent songs here have been stupidly overlooked. &quot;The King Has Lost His Crown&quot; is a prime example. With it's dreamy intro, Frida's gorgeous lead vocal and that melting string arrangement, this song could have been a hit single but, just like &quot;If It Wasn't For The Nights&quot;, it remains a largely undiscovered album track. To these ears, only one track falls short of the mark and that is &quot;Does Your Mother Know?&quot; (a hit in 1979) and even that's still pretty popular. This remastered version of the album is augmented by the 1978 hit &quot;Summer Night City&quot; and &quot;Lovelight&quot;, a B-side which actually sounds like an A-side.... These bonus tracks were recorded during the album sessions and work well with the set. Make no mistake, this is an excellent Abba album - and definitely a worthwhile investment.during the album sessions and work well with the set. Make no mistake, this is an excellent Abba album - and definitely a worthwhile investment.
B000005S6B|5.0|Unbelievable.  This album is The Pogues at their absolute apex.  Not one throwaway track here.  Some of the most emotional and poetic 'popular' music I've ever heard.  I saw them on tour with this album in the Roseland Ballroom @ NYC in the summer of 1988.  One of the very best concerts I have ever seen.  Shane is a poet and drinker of mythic proportions.  The flavor is Punk/Alternative/Celtic/Country/Pub/Rock. <br />Do yourself a favor and buy this CD, it will become a part of you.
B00000ILDE|5.0|As good as Alien was Aliens a little better. Aliens also has a spot on my classic movie list. This time around Ripley is found 57 years later inside the escape shuttle she used to leave the ship in Alien. After being brought to an Earth space station she finds out that the planet where the aliens were found in Alien, LV-426 has been colonized by members of the Weyland-Yutabi company who has an active involvement to capture an alien throught the first 3 movies. Anyways after contact is lost with the colony marines are sent to the planet. Ripley is forced to go for her alien expertise. The result is an extremly action packed film!!!! Weaver even recived a best actress nomination. Followed by Alien 3. Rated R for extreme amounts of violence, profanity, and alien gore.
1573226521|5.0|i picked this book up when it was first released on a whim, and it's been one of the most worthwhile purchases i've made. i was completely engrossed in this novel; in fact, while there are many books that i've read more than once, this is the first one where after finishing the last page, i immediately turned the book over and began reading it again. please don't judge this book by the movie's treatment of it. the movie only served to hack out the book's soul and replace it with sex scenes.
0060920084|4.0|Since I had read a couple of other books by the author, I expected to laugh out loud a little and chuckle a lot, but I didn't expect to learn so much about America as I did. This is a very enjoyable book.  You can't have thick skin if you read it though.  Bryson is pretty critical of some of the places he visits.
B000050XEI|5.0|Words really cannot describe this cd, it is by far her best and we are already planning on using music from this cd for our wedding.  AWESOME!!!!!!!!  I had goosebumps during each song and I'm amazed at how beautiful it is.  I HIGHLY recommend this cd to everyone.
6305078564|5.0|This 1995 BBC adaption of Jane Austen's novel is an absolute Feast for the senses. The costumes are magnificent, the music divine and the scenery is perfection. When I first saw this on KPBS in 1995 I did not want it to end; and couldn't wait until the next evening came so I could watch the next part. Colin Firth is excellent as Mr. Darcy and Jennifer Ehle is equally as Wonderful as Elizabeth Bennett.The rest of the cast was very well chosen as well, from Susanna Harker as Jane Bennett, Elizabeth's older sister, to the actress who played the flighty Lydia Bennett. The Music in this mini series was also so fabulous that I also bought the CD.<br />I loved this BBC version of Austen's novel so much, that When it came out on DVD about Three years ago, I bought it; and have watched it in one sitting many, many times since then. The quality of My DVD version of this mini series is excellent, so I can only assume that some other reviewers just got unlucky with theirs. Buy this movie and you will be watching it over and over again too, it is wonderful!!!
B000002UAO|5.0|This a tremendously enjoyable album to listen to!  I like SGT PEPPER very much but I must admit that this is probably where PEPPER idea originated.  This is in effect a concept album in that the songs all have a similar softer rock sound.  Has NOWHERE MAN, IN MY LIFE, MICHELLE, DRIVE MY CAR, NORWEGIAN WOOD, and others.  This is a highly recommended album and you wont be disappointed.  Not a bad song on the whole album.  A must for your rock and roll collection!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Heroism. Honor. Loyalty. Sorrow. After seeing this movie, all things that come to mind. Never seeing it on the big screen I was blown away watching this at home. One of the best stories I have seen since Braveheart, I watched this on the edge of my seat. The cinema photography of the opening battle to the end was as captivating as the story itself. An intense story blending history with fiction, you can immerse yourself into the time. Feel things that might have been felt, by those who were actually there. Just remember, it's still just a story.
B00003CX97|5.0|The release of David Lean's powerful, intelligent and thought provoking anti-war masterpiece on widescreen DVD accompanied by the added bonus documentary &quot;The Making of the Bridge on the River Kwai&quot;, along with other featurette's, theatrical trailers and an appreciation of the film by noted director, John Milius, is indeed a cause for celebration amongst cinema afficiando's of this most superb of motion pictures.<br />The remarkable novel by Pierre Boulle (also author of &quot;Monkey Planet&quot;...filmed as the memorable &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot;) is masterfully brought to the screen by director David Lean, a true genius behind many historical epics. <br />Deep inside snake ridden Asian jungles, British and American prisoners of war toil under the sweltering tropical sun working on part of the infamous Burma railway that claimed thousands of Allied lives during WWII. Colonel Saito (talented Japanese actor Sessue Hayakawa) presides over his POW camp with an iron rule...driving his Japanese troops as hard as his malnourished prisoners. Enter the honorable and steadfast English POW, Colonel Nicholson (Alec Guiness in an Oscar winning performance) refusing to capitulate to Saito's demands that British officers perform manual labour alongside enlisted men. Each man's blind adherance to their own personal code of honor sees the two men plunge into a psychological war of will, bravado and courage...each determined not to waver from their personal beliefs.<br />As these two leaders clash with each other, American prisoner of war and resident camp gravedigger, Shears (William Holden) effects on escape from the brutal prison camp and after nearing death, he makes his way back to the Allied forces. Unfortunately for the timid Shears, he is coerced to guide a suicidal commando mission with Major Warden (Jack Hawkins) and Lieutenant Joyce (Geoffrey Horne) to return to the enemy infested jungles and blow up the railway bridge being built by Nicholson and the British prisoners of war. <br />Each differing path taken by Nicholson, Saito &amp; Shears eventually intertwines and ultimately sees the three men confront their own inner fears and beliefs with tragic circumstances....   <br />Seven Oscars bear testament to the wonderful attributes of this movie....including Best Picture and Best Actor...plus &quot;Kwai&quot; is regularly listed by critics as one of the most influential and highly regarded movies of the 20th century. For some additional in-depth behind the scenes reading on &quot;The Bridge on the River Kwai&quot; check out the insightful William Holden biograpy entitled &quot;Golden Boy&quot;. Excellent reading !!<br />Quite simply an absolute &quot;must have&quot; addition to any DVD collection, &quot;The Bridge on the River Kwai&quot; remains a benchmark in inspirational movie making....I cannot recommend this film highly enough !!
6305013578|1.0|Even at the low price, do not waste your money on this DVD. The picture quality of this DVD is the worst I have ever seen. There are better prints available to remaster it from. I have the laserdisc version and it is much better quality. Wait until another company releases it. I should have known better than to buy a Madacy product, given the poor quality of their other releases.
0767849493|3.0|For starters, I have to say that I think that Kevin Smith is a much better comedy writer than drama writer.  I loved Clerks and really liked Mallrats, even though everyone else seems to want to pretend Mallrats doesn't exist.  What's wrong with making a fun movie?  On the other hand, Chasing Amy, which the critics loved, I wasn't impressed by.  The comedy part was good, but then into turned into not a drama, but a melodrama.  The drama in Dogma was much better in my opinion, but the pace of the movie was all wrong.  Smith jumps from comedy to drama to comedy all in one scene.  It left me dizzy.  I'd be laughing over the serious stuff one moment, and then be too preoccupied pondering a serious point to enjoy the next joke.  This movie could have been split into two: one comedy, one drama.  If those two movies would have been further developed, they would probably both get 5 stars.
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade is back and long-awaited. She hasn't missed a beat. Still smooth as silk and it's almost as if she never left except for the eight years that the true fans waited since Love Deluxe. The first five times in a row that I listened to the CD, the music and her voice just got better and better and for no other reason than she is an exceptional talent paired with an extraordinary band. Pick it up and leave it in the carousel, then press repeat.
6305903182|1.0|i have watched this movie all the way through and i have a few words to say about it is utter... the whole plot of it is stupid the first movie was enough and all these movies are not scary and should be located in the family section if you have to see this movie dont pay more that 1 cent to rent it or wait till it is on t v but i woudlnt waste the eletcric on it.
B000051VWW|4.0|HELLO ALL SADE AFICIONADOS,<br />              WHEN I FIRS LISTENED TO THIS CD, I WAS SERIOUSLY DISSAPOINTED.... I SAID OH WELL, AT LEAST ONE GOOD TUNE--&quot;BY YOUR SIDE&quot;  BUT I GAVE IT A 2ND , 3RD, ECT...  LISTEN... I WAS AMAZED AT WHAT I FOUND IN THE  DEEP, MARROW BEAUTY OF IT... ESP &quot; THE SWEETEST GIFT&quot;  AND &quot;IT'S ONLYLOVE THAT GETS YOU THROUGH&quot;   AND I AM A LIFELONG CYNIC OF THE THAT LOVE THANG , BUT THESE ABOVE MENTIONED FAVS DESERVE A SERIOUS LISTEN...  SO LISTEN CAREFULLY...  THAT IS , IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR SOME DEPTH... IF NOT , NEGATE ALL THAT HAS BEEN SAID.... LET ME KNOW IF ANYONE FEELS THE SAME...  :  JHAY254@AOL.COM
B00000K0EA|4.0|&quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot; is great James Bond flick.  Pierce Brosnan returns as 007 after his so-so debut in &quot;GoldenEye&quot; and shows that he has the strengths to be the franchise's #2 all time Bond.  You all know who #1 is don't you???<br />Steping in with the right amount of cunning and humor, Brosnan's Bond takes on a media tycoon who is influencing the world's events for the sake of high ratings and higher newspaper sales.  This premise is appropriatly 90's just as &quot;A View to a Kill&quot; was totally 80's.  But the movie works, in fact it works very well with the aide of suprisingly strong Bond supporting players; Jonathan Price, Teri Hatcher and Michelle Yeoh.<br />With a strong leading performance, an interesting plot, solid 007 action and good supporting players, this film proves to be Brosnan's best Bond to date.
0783225733|5.0|This movie is stunning dude! The scenes are almost real, and the one liners are just awesome. Ed Harris, who plays the role of flight director, gene kranz, is my fav in this movie. He has done his role so well, that NASA could think of employing him as a real flight director for their Mars Missions. Gary Sinise is just as good. I liked the fact that the director has given a great deal of importance to detail. The slide rules that the Houston geeks use, the beatles craze during the 70's, the kind of costumes that the NASA dudes wear... And instead of relying to much on special effects, Ron Howard has captured the weightlessness scenes by taking the shots inside a free falling airplane (with the sets inside it), courtesy NASA. In summary, it's a very intelligent movie. Almost all scenes keep you atthe edge of your seats. The launch scene is supreb. if you have never seen a lauch before and if someone had told you that something wrong happens on Apollo 13, then you would probably think the rocket is going to blow up on launch... The giant Saturn V boosters, exploding as if somone had fired a missile on it, the dry ice falling of the sides of the rocket, a big ball of fire and then smoke all over the place... The director keeps you guessing when disaster is going to strike. There is another point where one of the booster engines fail, and you might think that's the glitch in Apollo 13 (this never happened on the real flight, but many scenes such as this were added to make the movie look more dramatic). Ron Howard has spent a great deal of time in capturing a &quot;lunar&quot; mission in superb detail. If you are a space geek like me, it is highly recommended for you.
B00003CX8J|4.0|&quot;X-Men&quot;, starring Patrick Stewart as Professor X and Ian McKellen as Magneto is the best film adapted from a comic book in recent years.  In &quot;X-Men&quot; the world is experiencing a strange mutant phenomenon.  These mutants are so feared that a conservative senator (Bruce Davison) is trying to pass a bill for mutant registration.  The theme of the movie (and comic book) is that mutants are just like regular people, in fact most of them don't even want their strange abilities.  That leads to the film's central conflict; there are two groups of mutants, one good and one evil.  The good mutants are of course the &quot;X-Men&quot; led by Professor X and the evil mutants are led by Magneto.  Magneto and his &quot;Brotherhood of Mutants&quot; have been so mistreated by society that they have taken upon themselves to &quot;mutate&quot; the human race.<br />One of the areas where this film succeeds is creating a world realistic enough for these mutants to be believable, it takes the same approach that the first &quot;Superman&quot; film did.  Instead of populating his world with fantastic sets and costumes, director Bryan Singer emphasizes on the fantastic characters and makes them people.  The X-Men behave just like people in the real world.  They work well together, then some like the Wolverine and Cyclops dislike eachother very much, in fact they both compete for the affections of the lovely Jean Grey.  The humanity of the comic characters doesn't stop with the X-Men.  In fact the villian of the movie, Magneto, had such a horrific childhood that you could almost understand his distrust for non-mutants. It's through these touches that &quot;X-Men&quot; reveals itself to be far deeper than the usual summer blockbuster.<br />Most of the story concerns the initiation of the wayward mutants Wolverine and Rogue into the X-Men and their struggle to adapt to mutant society.  The X-Men soon battle Magneto and his Brotherhood hoping to stop him from destroying the human race.<br />Although more serious than other comic-book films, &quot;X-Men&quot; still manages to be quite fun and entertaining. It is full of great suprises, action, visual effects, a good chuckle here and there, and of course black jump suits.  This is a super hero movie after all.  If there is anything strange about the film it's in the way film abrupty ends.  It seems that the filmmakers realized that there could be no satisfying way to &quot;end&quot; a super hero movie with this subject matter.  The &quot;end&quot; may take a couple of sequels, in fact the movie ends in such a way that you almost expect &quot;To Be Continued&quot; to come across the screen.  If the next X-Men films are as good as this, I hope it continue.
6302453356|4.0|Hook has to be one of the most mysterious &amp; captivating versions Pan ever constructed. Spielberg leaves you wanting to know more, about Pan's past &amp; the unknown paradise that is Neverland. Dustin Hoffman gives a brillant performance as Captain James Hook, striking the audience with both pity &amp; hate for the evil sea captain, Hook seems to be more evil than in the Disney animated classic, bringing the story  a believable villian. Julia Roberts also gives a captivating performance as Tinker Bell, bringing the fictionous fairy to life, &amp; Bob Hoskins as Smee brought a little comedic relieve to the dark fortress of the Jolly Rodger. Robin Williams was excellnt as Peter Banning but so-so as he soon began to relize that he was Pater Pan. The Lost Boys add a nice touch to the film too, especially Rufeo who brings a little mystery to boys. The score takes the slap-stick &amp; mystery to the movie &amp; rolls them completly into one magnificent soundtrack.  <br />The film is excellent in nearly every aspect, even the child stars, from the Lost Boys to Maggie &amp; Jack (Pan's children) bring the story to life with their stunning portrayal of their characters. A must for your collection perfect for the family or yourself it's sure to haunt you &amp; leave you completely inquisitiive &amp; stunned by the ending.
B000005RTQ|5.0|I have every Saxon recording of the 80s and 90s and there isn't a bad song on any of them. Crusader blends excellent musicianship with well written lyrics. Biff Byford has a signature heavy metal voice with incredible range. Crusader is a 5 star recording as Saxon is a 5 star band. Buy any Saxon recording (Crusader is my personal favorite) you will not be disappointed. No three chord songs here. Crank up &quot;Sailing To America.&quot; This song still gives me the chills even after 16 years-excellent hook and chorus!! I'm sill suprised that they were not bigger here in the states during the 80s heavy metal heyday.
6304401736|4.0|While the live action version doesen't have the same charisma &amp; spark as Disney's classic it still is perfectly made. I have to join with everybody when I say that the casting of Glenn Close as Cruella De Vil was nothing short of genius. She brings Cruella to life in frightening form, acting with an Acadamy Award winning portrayal of Disney's most famous villan. Jeff Daniels also gives a good performance as Rodger, Pongo's proud owner &amp; Joely Richardson's brillant portrayal of Anita nearly steals the show from the villianous Close while Joan Plowright turns Nanny into a classic Disney character. The dalmatians as well as the rest of the canine cast prevail proving many wrong when they said the dog performances would screw this one up.<br />But for the slap-stick comedic relief the kids feel has to be alive in the film isn't left out. Cruella's bumbaling sidekicks, Horace &amp; Jasper are not left behind &amp; many of their hilarious antics will have your kids rolling.
6303426468|5.0|At first I really didn't want to see this movie but was forced into it,much like Alex Hesse (schwarzenegger) was talked into doing an illegal scientific experiment on himself by his collegue Larry Arbogast (DeVito).<br />Alex has invented a wonderful new drug to help women who tend to have miscarriages.After the FDA won't approve expectane and the university kicks him out of their lab Alex decides to move back to europe.Larry talks him into doing an experiment on himself so that they can get funding for more research.And after they get enough data they'll end it and noone will ever know.<br />But the problem is Alex gets attatched to his unborn baby and continues taking the expectane without Larry knowing,of course he eventually does find out and aggrees to help him.<br />Along the way though Alex falls in love with Dr. Diana Reddin (Thompson) and she has a key role in the movie so pay attention in the resturant scene.<br />I don't understand why so many people didn't enjoy this film.Maybe it's because they have no sense of what a good movie really is.<br />I recomend this movie because it's heartwarming,sweet,and it's just plain funny to see Arnold have morning sickness.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I like this one. Ok, so I am listening to it now, but it seems good we have access to all the songs on one disc. I recommend starting with this for beginners, but getting all the albums (13 of them, get them on CD or vinyl, your choice), Past Masters Volumes 1 and 2, and of course the Anthologies 1,2,and 3. Finally Free As A Bird and Real Love CD singles to round it off. You are bound to find out, as many of us fans already have, why the Beatles are the greatest rock group ever. This one CD spans 1962-1970. It gives only the tip of the iceberg, but shows that the Beatles did more in 8 years to change music than many bands do in more time. The Richard Avedon photos are great as I haven't seen them for awhile. Also inside are photos of each track as it was released on 7&quot; single around the world. The US, England, Japan, and Spain(????) seem to be represented as their major markets. The photos alone are worth it for long time fans who already own everything. One more selfish reason? It would be nice to see the word Beatles in the top ten again. :)
B000050XEI|5.0|It's been a long five years for me and for most of the millions of Enya's dedicated fans, but 'A Day Without Rain' makes that wait worthwhile!  Sure, some people are criticizing Enya for sticking with essentially the same formula for her songs, but I certainly don't want her to change dramatically.  I don't think any of her fans want her to.  What we expect are lovingly crafted musical masterpieces and all 11 songs on 'A Day Without Rain' fit that bill perfectly. We trust Enya completely to make every note, whether vocal or instrumental, a critical part of each song and we trust that she would never release an inferior product to her audience.  Few artists are as involved in their work or take as much time to carefully compose, perform and produce each track.  Enya does and she certainly shouldn't be criticized for that.  If you've enjoyed any of Enya's previous works, you'll love this CD as well.  The overall tone of this CD seems a little more jovial than her previous work, with the tracks 'Wild Child' and 'Flora's Secret' and 'One by One' and 'Lazy Days' being absolutely delightful.  Breathtaking ballads like 'Only Time' and 'Fallen Embers' will soften any heart, while the driving, chant-like 'Tempus Vernum' will grab anyone's attention and sustain it until the final note.  This is definitely one of those CDs where you don't want to skip any of the tracks.  A 5 star effort without a doubt.  Buy and enjoy.
B000002H2H|4.0|I actually thought alot of this album. Pretty much all the songs are good except Escape. But is it just me or does Metallica just want to copy everybody. For starters I know the name Ride the Lightning has some relation to Diamond Head's Lightning to the Nations. Fight Fire With Fire I can't find anything wrong with. For Whom The Bell Tolls? It reminds me alot of AC/DC's Hells Bells(released in 1980 by the way). I can't find anything wrond with Fade To Black or Trapped Under Ice. Escape, sound a whole lot like AC/DC's Jailbreak(1974). Creeping Death defiently has some relation to Mercyful Fate's Curse Of The Pharohs(1983). Although this is not the only album that copied other bands. The song Master Of Puppets has a part in thier that reminds me of Mercyful Fate's Satan's Fall. The intro to Seek and Destroy is almost identical to the intro of Black Sabbath's Sabbra Cadabra. And their new stuff sounds alot like Creed.       On the bright side though the music on this blows my mind. The Call Of Ktulu(Instrumental) is my favorite, and my second favorite is Creeping Death. I simply love the lyrics on For Whom The Bell Tolls. Fade To Black would be my favorite song of all time if they had cut out the fast section. Just do not listen to Escape. I hate it.
B000021XS0|5.0|Over a year ago I slammed this album for being over-indulgent; especially in the vocals, guitar and drum department.  However a year makes all the difference in the world.<br />Upon further listening, I felt compelled to re-write my review.  I was easily misled the first time around.  How could the neanderthal rock of Rush, the new age subliminals of Yes, the pedestrian onslaught of Emerson, Lake and Palmer, and the tasteless meaderings of King Crimson(why are they still around!?) ever compare to the musical and lyrical geniuses of the members of Dream Theater?  They don't.<br />Dream Theater creates a passionate and emotional sweeping music with Scenes From A Memory.  Just one listen to &quot;Home&quot;, &quot;Through Her Eyes&quot;, and the beginning &quot;Overature&quot; and one realizes that the listener is in the throne room of greatness.  But the mind blowing musicianship is not the only shining moment.  It is the insightful and thought provoking lyrics of this original story line that brings the material to its apex.<br />With every consecutive release, DT consistently outdo themselves(for another batch of great songs check out Falling Into Infinity) and this is just another example of their perfection.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I've had this dvd for almost two weeks now, and have seen the movie over 6 times. An excellent choice for people who value great movies.  The Bonus disc has extra scenes that were fantastic. Although it would have been nice if those scenes were inserted directly in the movie.  Overall, i think that its an excellent selection.
B00003CX8I|5.0|I must admit...I made a mistake. I am a longtime comic book reader and X-men was one of my all time favorites. I collect the comic books, I bought the cartoon video tapes. I even worked one semester as an intern at Marvel comics and met Mr. Stan Lee himself! (An incredibly amiable and energetic fellow!) When X-men came out at the theaters, as much as I was dying to see it...I didn't go. I was afraid they would destroy this great universe that I had known since I was thirteen. Boy was I wrong! I rented it last night and was kicking myself for not seeing it on the big screen! I was happy from the first scene where they show Magneto's parents being taken to a Nazi prison camp. And throughout the whole movie the focus seemed more on the characters, their motivations, and storyline, rather than bang-um-up special effects.I hate when movies use action and special effects as a crutch for their lame movie lines. The X-men comic is rich in characters and has a lot to do with feeling ostrisized, hated and learning to accept that which is different. I am so glad the writers took this into account!! The performances were also on par with the film, with the best work coming out of Hugh Jackman and Anna Paquin. At first, I didn't like the fact that they were starting Rogue out as a teenager, but it did work well to show how she came to understand and fear her power. And even though the love triangle between Wolverine, Cyclops and Jean Grey was indicated in the movie, I was much more impressed by the relationship with Wolverine and Rogue. He has a compassionate, very big brother sort of connection with her and it seems to have more spark than he and Jean. Also, Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellan were perfect as the two patrons of the mutant factions! Way to go X-men movie makers!Two enthusiastic thumbs up and hopes for more in the future.(If as much care is taken to make them right!) I also commend you for having Stan Lee's and Jack Kirby's input on the movie...I'm sure they had a hand in making this what it was! OH--ONE LAST THING!!If you rent the movie make sure to check out the additional 10 minutes of out takes after the credits! I wish these had remained in the movie- it goes even further into the character relationships and features a couple of other well known x-men (the names ShadowCat and Jubilee sound familiar??)
B00004XMTC|1.0|It is difficult for me to reconcile whose fault it was that this movie was so bad. I guess what's fair is to spread some blame around. A little (but not too much must go to Connery). In the entertainment biz, you just don't participate in projects to line your pockets. He was and still is one of the great screen actors but the role of James Bond had long since passed him after &quot;Diamonds Are Forever&quot;. I liken his playing J.B. one more time to baseball player Cal Ripken continuing to play. We go and see both of them do what they do, but we realize (as in the case of N.S.N.A.) that they don't do it at the same level anymore. Sprinkle a little blame on Kevin McClory for even bringing the film into existence over his bitter feud with Ian Fleming, et al. And finally, the director (whose name escapes me)...after years of Cubbi Broccoli's highly polished productions, (except for Dr. No which is one of the greats but did not have a big budget so it's a little rough) N.S.N.A. looks like some 1970's B grade film shown before the main feature at the weekend drive-in. <br />On a personal level, the movie is hard to watch for me because it is a re-do of my fav J.B. film and novel, &quot;Thunderball&quot;. As good as &quot;Thunderball&quot; is, is how bad &quot;N.S.N.A.&quot; is. The controversy surrounding the script has been well documented so, I won't rehash it here.<br />In closing, although I gave it one star, I do encourage everyone to see the film at least once but, preferably AFTER you have seen all of the other films. To purchase it though, I would strongly suggest spending your hard earned money elsewhere. I speak from experience. I own the film myself, but because I enjoy the other films more, I have only watched it once or twice in the five years I've had it, compared with the 53 or so times I have watched &quot;Thunderball&quot;....of course that's just my opinion....I could be wrong.<br />Your email flames are welcome.....hotels109@hotmail.com
B000002MG1|5.0|Forgive me for arriving so late to the party. I've only recently become enthralled by this beautiful album. For many years I refused to listen to it because I only heard great things about it, so naturally it couldn't have been THAT great. I stand corrected. &quot;Automatic...&quot; is a shimmering masterpiece of minimalism and minor chord mastery that deepens with every listen and follows you everywhere you go. I was away from my home CD player one day when I found myself driving along and humming the chorus of &quot;Sweetness Follows&quot; and had to rush back to hear it over and over again. &quot;Drive&quot; with it's repetitive bassline, deadpan delivery and lilting string arrangement (courtesy of John Paul Jones) is a perfect opener, &quot;Monty Got A Raw Deal&quot;(my personal favorite) is a whomping, drum and mandolin dominated piece that finds the group mining familiar musical territory while expanding thier lyrical reach. All in all, this is a very relaxing, moving album about loss and recapturing your past that anyone in any age group can enjoy. A Modern Pop Classic.
B00003IPFK|5.0|I finally bought the DVD version of this epic and like many here was a little disappointed in the quality of the picture and the sound but could never be disappointed in the substance. I have never been a fan of mini-series because of being tied to watching it over a long period of time. I'm not sure what prompted me to watch this one 11 years ago, but I did. I am amazed how I am drawned into the story and how even though I have seen it at least 15 times since the first viewing I see it as fresh as the first time. Last night as I was watching the final part I had forgotten what it was that caused Gus to go away from the herd and I found myself trying to will that he would remain with them. The writing is superb, the acting is beyond description, especially that of Duvall but that is not meant to minimize any of the others. The word classic is loosely thrown around many times. Lonesome Dove is a true classic in every sense of the word.
B00003CXBK|5.0|First of all, this movie is a must-have. But the reason I'm writing this review is to clarify as to what is an anime film. &quot;Guardianangel&quot; includes Mulan when he/she compares other &quot;anime&quot; movies he/she has seen, showing a misunderstanding in what is an anime flick. Mulan's not anime, its american animation. The term anime applies ONLY to japanese animation (sometimes called japanimation, also), so you can scratch all disney, WB, or dreamworks animated films as being &quot;anime&quot;. There is also the misunderstanding as to what extent anime movies go. Because what we see in america is mostly pokemon, dragonball z, sailor moon, etc., this gives the wrong impression as to how good and serious the anime films can be. In Japan, animation is both for kids AND adults (mononoke being an example), so you get both dragonballz (for kids) and princess mononoke(not for kids). Other great anime films that I highly recommend are &quot;ghost in the shell&quot;, &quot;ninja scroll&quot; and &quot;akira&quot; (none of them for kids). Oh, and regarding the &quot;japanese version&quot; of mononoke, i have only seen the jap version, but i think that the movie released in the U.S. is only a translation, i dont think it was changed, at least not much. Well, that's all for now, folks!
6302054982|4.0|Claimed by many as one of the greatest films of all time! The grestest movie of the 90's! And, one of Martin Scorses's best films to date! I have to say, I'm inclined to agree with ALL three statements. Martin Scorsese is one of the few filmmakers who has a true &quot;ear&quot; for dialogue. His movies have characters that are &quot;real&quot;. You know that the way the characters are portrayed in the film, is probably the way the &quot;real life&quot; characters act and speak. But this is something that has always been said about Scorsese. His talent for making characters that seem &quot;real&quot;. The screenplay written by Nicholas Pileggi and Scorsese himslef, is truly Oscar worthy. The acting by Robert De Niro (&quot;Jimmy&quot; Conway), Ray Liotta (Henry Hill), Joe Pesci (We should all know by now, he won an Oscar for this role playing Tommy DeVito) Lorraine Bracco (Karen Hill), and Paul Sorvino (&quot;Paulie&quot; Cicero) is amazing to watch! Every detail about this film is perfect. This is a movie all movie fans have to watch. There really isn't to much more I can say that hasn't already been said by other reviewers. Just buy this movie, sit back and enjoy a film you'll never forget.
B000007MVX|5.0|This is one helluva' album.  Comparisons to Thick as a Brick are inevitable, they are indeed similar in being one-45-minute-song albums.  The feel, though is quite different.<br />I felt TaaB was a bit better ON A WHOLE.  The first half of APP really drags on and on.  And to top it off comes &quot;The Story of How The Hare Lost His Spectacles&quot;, funny the first time I heard it, but once I heard what comes after it, it has become almost unbearable to listen to further.  Yes, the second half is really breathtaking, full of power and excitement.  Really neat stuff.<br />The story too is really neat.<br />The only other complaint, aside from the slow start, is the fade out ending.  That's just a person gripe, but I feel a 45 minute song should end with a bang, or power, or SOMETHING (ala TaaB), not some cop out tapering of ending.<br />But honestly, if you like Tull, you'll love this (probably only on the second listen and on, but that's normal for most prog stuff).  But if you're new to their wacky world of innovative prog rock, try TaaB first, eh?
0553106635|5.0|George RR Martin has unleashed one of the best triologies (so far) in fantasy that I have read in a while.  The first and second editions to A Song of Fire and Ice are great but the third volume in the series surpasses those two.  This book is great...hands down one of the best of the year that I have read.  The last 250 pages are so amazing that I couldn't put the book down.  The character development in this book is great, you get to see new sides to old characters and actually learn some of the reasoning behind why those characters act the way they do.  If you are into fantasy books and have not read this series yet, what are you waiting for???  The only problem is that now I have to wait another year or so for the next installment of the series.  &quot;Winter is coming&quot; and it seems to me that it is hitting hard.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I saw Gladator is spring.  This movie was not over-rated to the smallest bit.  It had EXELLENT graphics, sound and good actors. Rome looks very real.  The movie is violent, but it is also(in a way, i didnt cry)  sad.  The music went perfectly with the movie.
B00003CX97|5.0|The impressive restoration of David Lean's classic is nearly flawless as it is loaded with extras, including 2 documentaries and a tribute.   The sound and pictire quality, of course, is great and the film itself is an enduring masterpiece dealing with twisted notions of honor, pride, and duty.   The performances are terrific, especially by Alec Guinness as a Lt. Colonel who just doesn't quite get it.
076783819X|5.0|Believe me, after you see this movie, you will probably start making suspicious glances at your neighbours. This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. Jeff Bridges is great as the paranoid protagonist. Tim Robbins is absolutly chilling in his role as \\"the guy next door\\". There are absolutly NO flat performances in this movie. The opening sequence is also top-notch creepiness. The story is top-notch. This was also directed by the same Mark Pellington who did The Mothman Prophecies, I reccomend buying this movie for a good solid paranoid thriller. Just remember, just because you're paranoid dosen't mean they're not after you!
B000023X9W|5.0|Complaints levied at this album are that it is too quiet/boring etc. However, although I first thought that, I can now see the beauty it contains. If you liked Harvest/Comes A Time/Harvest Moon then you would like this. To call it whimsical would be a major understatement (Daddy Went Walkin') but it is always a lovely album. Standouts include Good To See You, Silver &amp; Gold, Distant Camera, The Great Divide and Razor Love. The images and warmth given off by this album makes it a great listen. One word of warning though - if you have only ever heard things like Weld, Ragged Glory, Zuma, Everybody Knows....etc, do not expect loud rawk!
B00003CXE7|4.0|Gladiator was a wonderful movie.  If you love the old classic EPIC movies you'll love this. From the begging to the end the movie keeps you glued to the screen with masive battles, poetic dialog, and romance.  Not to mention the special effects are amazing, you really get a since of rome's true grandur.  All in all BUY IT!
B00002ZMNV|4.0|Ok so we are all of the opinion that Metallica is the #1 band of all time. Unfortunatly they really shouldn't drop new songs into a medium like this. I was so lost on these cuts, I wanted to cut my hair off! The geeks with VCR's really need to spend some money and get a good DVD player. The DVD is very good, but for some reason it seemed that the editor of this 2 disc monstrosity, couldn't put it together if James or Lars themselves were standing over him with a 30.06 and a Mini-Gun! The editor should be sent to Siberia! Plus the 5.1 audio punched James' vocal up so high, one has to crank down the center channel almost by half! I like the Symphony &amp; Band or band only, ect, as this is the only way you can her the two new ones, &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and &quot;-Human&quot; the way one normally is introduced to new stuff.<br />1. The concert was great. 2. The documentary was very interesting, but too short. 3. How about a METALLICA CONCERT? Just Metallica. Nothing else.(Matters)
B00003CXE6|5.0|One of the greatest films of all time. A true epic. I wish Maximus was able to escape from Rome and take charge of his legion again. It would have been great to see his army destroy the pretorian guard and the general who betrayed him.
0553106635|2.0|The first book was great the second was good and now the third book is wearing thin. When I first read the book I was a big fan. I enjoyed his characters depth and his gritty storing telling, alas I feel all of the books to date possess the same story. Several nobles who feel they should be the rightful king or queen. A noble family divided and are attempting to either escape or find there way home (this bit is especially dull.) and the mystery of the north. This storyline sofar to date has been in all three books and each book has over 1000 pages.  My advice to Mr Martin - less description and recycled tales and more story.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|Out of all of Lenny Kravitz's Cds I would rate this his best ever. &quot;Again&quot; is my most favorite of his songs on this CD and there are many other classic songs to listen to. Over all, I would reccomend this CD to anyone.
B00004W5UA|5.0|Fight Club follows the story of our nameless narrator, played by Edward Norton, and all the crazy things that happen when he meets Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt) and they start a club. A fight club.<br />I was told Fight Club was a very good film, but I had been told lots of films were very good. This film was very good and then some. Actually, it was excellent. The adapted screenplay was perfect, the direction was stunning and the acting was brilliant, unfortunately it was rudely underrated....
B000002UAX|5.0|the &quot;whie album&quot; is my favorite thing in the world.  i never go on a trip without it.  it is definately the beatle's best album, and i think just about the best album ever made. it has a quiet brilliance, a complex simplicity to it.  most of the individual beatle's best work is on this album, and my two personal favorite songs of all time (john's &quot;cry baby cry&quot; and paul's &quot;blackbird&quot;-in that order) and number eleven on each disc (neat!). if you but just one album in your lifetime, by the &quot;white album&quot;.  i gurantee you won't be disappointed, you'll just be given the best rock album in history by the band that blows away everything done before or since.  jwl forever
B000050XEI|5.0|After a long wait and much anticipation of a new release by Enya , here it is in all its glory.Any fears that after five years the fire has faded , is answered with yet another classic work. This CD is absolutely magical ! It will dazzle your emotions and soothe your soul like only Enya can . Don't hesitate , this is a must buy. You won't regret it.
B00002EPJH|5.0|Keith's playing in this album reaches depths of communication only comparable to something like Glenn Gould playing the Brahms Intermezzi. Huge emotional range.  True lyricism, absolute correspondance between idea and piano tone. Authentic romanticism of the highest order.     Dark at some moments, it is music for instrospection, music of  rare honesty, especially in these times...
0553502557|5.0|Bill Bryson is becoming one of the best known travel writers in the world, a reputation well-deserved. With his lastest effort &quot;In  a sunburned country&quot;, Bryson continues his original mix of history, humor, anecdote, and witty observation. As he travels around Australia, he relates stories of large, ornamental lobsters, small towns and interesting characters of the outback, and fascinating tales of the early explorers and settlers of this amazing country. And of course, his prose is some of the best being written today: intelligent, insightful, and always with the most playful humor. You can't miss with this one.
0684823454|5.0|&quot;My Early Life&quot; is an excellent book.  This work is the first in which Winston Churchill offers details on his escape from captivity at the hands of the Boers in 1899, some thirty years after the fact.  In an earlier work, &quot;From London to Ladysmith via Pretoria&quot;, Churchill gives a great narrative of his capture and internment during that conflict, but had to leave out many of the details of his escape because of the danger a full account would have posed to those people who had helped him in the successful attempt.  &quot;My Early Life&quot; also takes a couple of steps back from the original journalistic accounts Churchill wrote, adds more of the background, and reveals the political and social intrigue that formed and guided British military and social circles when the British Empire was at its peak.  The best part of &quot;My Early Life&quot;, for anyone who is at all familiar with the recorded speeches of Winston Churchill, is that the writing &quot;sounds&quot; like the man, the sentences flowing with an air of granduer that demonstrate the superb command of the English language which Churchill possessed.  This is not an easy book to read, but the persistent reader will be rewarded with some of the highest caliber prose ever put to paper by a soldier turned journalist turned politician.  This book is a must read.
B000051VWW|5.0|The sultry chanteuse brings her sound up to date for this fantastic release. Everything is utilised in an effort to keep up with the times and it all makes for a moody, soulful sound that compliments Sade's vocals perfectly. &quot;Flow&quot; and &quot;Lovers rock&quot; are flawless and radio ready.The finest moments come on the slinky, soulful ballads &quot;By your side&quot; and &quot;Every word&quot;. It's always exciting to hear a singer try a new artistic direction and this album is a smashing success. Sade takes her sultry vocals into a fresh new direction and the songwriting is as fresh and unique as her best material!
B00003CX8J|5.0|This DVD is absolutely one of the best I have ever bought. Plenty of extra features and cool packaging on top of being a great movie. If you don't yet have it, it's time to get it! You won't be disappointed.
0679805273|5.0|If I were still in the corporate world and wanted one honest, from the heart, book to use to help my friends, employees, or co-workers when the time came for them to move on to something different in their lives or careers, I'd give them a copy of OH, THE PLACES YOU'LL GO! I think that it would be a lot more useful to get a positive feeling for what one can find out there, than to be told that finding the same old cheese in a different cheese box is the way to face the future.<br />When I am reached retirement age, I looked on Dr Seuss's book as a positive picture of what might still be in store for me.  My cry was, \\"Bring on the future!\\"
B00004T9UF|4.0|Eminem's sophomore album shows himat his present peak of creativity and his deepest demons. In the midst of all the surrounding controversy about his brutal lyrics and twisted ideas, &quot;The Marshall Mathers LP&quot; stands out not only to piss mom and dad off, but to make you think about how the world is run and laugh at it. <br /> In other words, he is Marilyn Manson (who actually appears in one of his videos) for the shock value of his rhymes, and the next moment, he's Kurt Vonnegut for his vulgar sarcasms poking fun at modern day America and how it's run. However, Eminem is his own being, leading listeners down a twisting road of thoughts.<br /> He begins it with &quot;Kill You,&quot; with simple Dr. Dre minimalist beat, giving the listeners a brief taste of how awful his childhood was with his mother, and then goes towards his dislikes of certain people (ICP, Mom, moral-minded critics) and finally into his own self-hating demons. &quot;You better kill me,&quot; he says repeatidly. It echoes the chorus &quot;My Name Is,&quot; only turning up the bitterness level at others other than himself by a hundred degrees. <br /> The song fades into &quot;Stan,&quot; one of the more frightning/compulsive songs on the album, and probably one of the most artistic, showing that Eminem is TRULY an incredible rapper, turning a series of letters from an obsessive fan into a flowing rhyme. With the help of a Dido sample in the background, we hear the story of an obsessive fan, Stan, whose whole life is revolved around Slim Shady, and will do anything to be his friend. When you listen to it, you can't to notice how pathetic Stan is, but at the same time, you recognize him from the first minute because there's a part of all of us who'd love to be with some kind of celebrity. <br /> But what begins as a song that shows a fan's ulitmate devotion turns into quick madness once Slim doesn't write back to any of Stan's fanmail. Stan begins to despise him, hate him, hopes his &quot;Conscience eats him,&quot; rapping and screaming at the same time, until it reaches the point where he's become suicidal, taking his innocent girlfriend and himself to crash into a bridge, ultimately to drown in the river.<br /> It's a shock to all first-time listeners, who were just expecting a fan letter.<br /> &quot;Who Knew,&quot; the next track, is more of an explanation of why Eminem is doing what he's doing; &quot;I don't do black music/I don't do white music/I make fight music for high school kids,&quot; he says, showing that he isn't someone who's just out there to make money, but to make you aware of things, both awful and hilarious. &quot;The Way I Am,&quot; is more of a continuation of this, but instead of talking about why he's doing it, he raps about how much he's sick of all of this publicity: in other words--Just leave me alone and let me do music.      The most radio-friendly track, &quot;The Real Slim Shady,&quot; is his sarcastic look at the modern music scene, targetting pop princesses, boy groups, MTV lovers, even himself; it's music video showing a factory of brainless Eminem drones, doing exactly what he'd do without much else. <br /> Perhaps the best track on here is &quot;Amityville,&quot; which I'm sure the Detroit Tourism Board (if there is one) hates like hell. In it, Eminem talks about his hatred for his Motor City hometown, liking it to a blood-covered, insane assylum/horror house, where &quot;You could be capped just after having your cavity filled.&quot; Bizarre, part of his back-up rapper crew D-12, adds incest and homophobia to it, truly making the track into a wretching, pulsating song where there is no escape.    Dr. Dre lends a hand in this too with &quot;Bitch Please II,&quot; giving it a gangsta flavor that you would hear on Dre's &quot;2001&quot; album. But once Eminem is given the mic in the song, he turns it from gangsta to insane, focusing instead on ghetto reality like Dre and his rappers to his own sick and twisted ideas. <br/> Okay, here's the one that you've all been waiting for: &quot;Kim.&quot; Okay, you have to admit it, this song will shock ANYONE. Can you think of someone who wrote a song which described how they were going to kill their (now ex for good reason) wife? I can't. This song will guarantee to make anyone cringe, with Em taking wife Kim out into the woods to slice her throat, describing and inpersonating every moment of it. &quot;You were supposed to love me!!!&quot; he screams as his wife bleeds to death in the backgound.<br /> At this moment, he truly shows how far his mind thinks in the way of how far his hatreds go. It not only shows how honest he is about how he feels, but also about how much angst and hatred there is in Marshall Mathers mind towards the world.<br /> The fact of the matter is this--this album is good. Although it maybe a little nausiating for first-time listeners who aren't familuar with his work, it's guaranteed to make you laugh, make you scream, make you dizzy, make you grit your teeth and make you think.
B000050XEI|2.0|It seems like Enya has repeated her formula one too many times - every song on this album sounds an awful lot like things she's already done in the recent past.  The worst part is that it leans so heavily on the &quot;pop&quot; sounding tunes that seem designed to be radio-friendly, and all but abandons the mystical, other-worldly style that made &quot;Watermark&quot; and &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot; so great.   Maybe it's time for her to dump her long-time collaborators and finally move in a new direction; she's capable of so much more than this.
0307203204|5.0|A friend accidentally gave me her husband's childhood copy of this book and my daughter fell in love with it and memorized every word. So when we had to give the original back, I found the &quot;republished&quot; version on Amazon and bought it. But little golden books decided that some of the original pages weren't necessary I guess and so as my daughter looked through the pages she was quite disappointed to find some of her favorites missing. What's left is still terrific but the original was a gem that should not have been tampered with.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|I saw this movie because the commercials looked funny, but the movie itself was nothing, but gross humor.  Many spoof movies are funny, but this one is not definately not one of them.
B00003CXFU|5.0|Julie Roberts is at her best in this heart-warming story as she protrays an attorney's assistant who stuns a multi-billion firm and brings them to her feet! She displays the value of persistance!  She also doesn't minch words to get her point across!  I just loved the sexy way she dressed at work, and it proves that one can win by intimidation!  In this case, it was the part that she played in outwitting a gigantic firm that was polutting the waters.  I think this movie would appeal to  career woman most of all, married or single, and to those others aspering to succeed like she did in the workplace!  Any person watching this movie will get the message that being oneself is more important than trying to be like another person.  So whether it's for fun &amp; laughter, lessons to be learned, or role modeling, or just plain good entertainment, this movie should be watched over &amp; over. Melissa, Michigan.
0446525537|4.0|I have just finished reading the reviews written by fellow readers of Nicholas Sparks new novel \\"A Walk to Remember\\".  And I too have much to say about it. I found that there were two definite sides taken, those who liked it a lot, and those who thought it \\"foolish pablum\\", now I may not know what that means, but it does sound negative (DUH!).  Now here it comes.....my \\"Oh So Wonderful Wisdom\\" that will magically bring peace on earth and solve world hunger....NOT. Well maybe I wish. The fact of the matter is I though that the book was a good read. I found special meaning in it, but then I could relate to a lot that went on.  I lost my dad to a malignant brain tumor; I had to watch him die.  I know that there are many out there like me, believe me when I say I am not looking for tea and sympathy by any means. Yes Nick was right I did cry, and I laughed too.  I know that many may not agree with me, but that is what this is about right, stating your \\"opinion\\".  I read through most of the 1-3 star rating reviews and some good points were made.  Yes it was predictable.  On the other hand I found that there were others like me who found it enjoyable even if it was predictable (such as Betty Chan or Bill Dockery).  My review may be 1 in a million, and may never even be read by anybody, but thank you Sparks I enjoyed it.  And I encourage you to read it for yourself.
0064471047|5.0|Because it is so spectacular, I'm choosing The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe to be the first book I review here at Amazon. I first fell in love with this story (and the subsequent volumes in the series) when my fifth-grade teacher read it to our class. Though it has been more than a decade since, this book has remained one of my all-time favorite works of literature, and I try to reread it once a year. It has an enchanting effect on the heart, mind and soul that never diminishes.<br />The novel features four British children: Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy (Sons of Adam and Daughters of Eve) who discover a magical world hidden behind fur coats in a wardrobe. In &quot;Narnia&quot;, they encounter an endless parade of fantastic characters and events that aid them in their quest to free the land of Narnia from the spell of the White Witch. She makes winter a permanent season and turns those who oppose her into stone. The most prominent Narnians are the talking animals, but especially the lion Aslan who, with the children's help, must return spring and benevolent rule to the land.<br />On a more analytical note, I find it fascinating how C.S. Lewis uses allegory to loosely bridge his fictional world with well-known themes and stories from the Bible. You can most easily recognize this in the ever-present battle between good and evil and the symbolic representation of Christ's Resurrection in the guise of Aslan's death and revival on the Stone Table. Which fulfills an &quot;even deeper magic from before the dawn of time.&quot;<br />The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe is a modern classic that should be included in EVERYONE'S library. It will leave you completely satisfied, but at the same time craving more (which can be found in the other six volumes of the Chronicles of Narnia series). Oh, to sit and rule at Cair Paravel while munching on Turkish Delight!
B00004SCX6|3.0|Baby One More Time was a really kewl CD! I got Oops... I Did it againand I listened to it. Britney said it was more mature~ yeah well, I think it was bad. First of all, look at the title. What kind of name is that 4 a CD? It should be titled Oops... I Couldn't Do It Again!
B000002JSN|4.0|The fact that this is a Led Zeppelin album does not excuse that it is twice as long as it should be.   If you are going to buy it,  snap the second cd in half... That alone will raise the rating of the CD to 5 stars.   All the good songs are on the first disc.<br />If you're after a decent double album (from start to finish), have a listen to Exile On Main Street by the Rolling Stones.  That album is far more convincing than this, and is far more coherent. <br />Kashmir *is* a great song,  but it does happen to appear on the Remasters double album...<br />This one is not their best, and due to the huge ups (first half) and downs(2nd half), is recommended for fans,  not newbies
1569382603|5.0|Very difficult to understand why there are only two other reviews.  This is one of the best series ever made exploring possible alternatives to the accepted history of mankind.Graham Hancock is conservative and sane in his approach. Information is presented with beautiful visual footage. Breathtaking areas of exploration. I saw this as a documentary,and searched heaven and earth to get a copy. I settled for aa really bad copy, exorbitantly priced,some years ago. And here now is a really good version available. Too exciting!!! What is everyone waiting for? This is a documentary that could expand your view/understanding of the history of the human race on planet earth! And it is intelligently and beautifully done.It delights and entertains while it informs. I recommend this highly.If you have ever wondered about humanity on this planet, and longed to know the secrets, this is a great place to start.
6304504012|3.0|You gotta give it up for Madonna. The girl goes from sex/pop icon to mom to &quot;The Saint Of Argentina.&quot; She gives a stable enough preformance, I actually forgot this was the same woman who sang &quot;Like A Virgin&quot; as she lay as Evita on her death bed. But then her limited vocal range brought me back as she passionatly, yet flatly cheeped out &quot;You Must Love Me.&quot; Antonio Banderas I'm sorry to say was rather overratead, he started out as a Che, a bitter Argentinan who happened to express himself by singing but by the end of the movie he was just Antonio Banderas trying to hard to act. Thank God for Jonathan Pryce, the man has an amazing screen presence as Peron and carries the movie from the moment he enters.<br /> The movie starts with a long SLOW funeral scene where Antonino Banderas sings, save 10 minutes and fast forward. The story truely begins with Eva Duarte, a girl who leaves the small town to make it big in New York... I mean Buenos Aires. It goes on to tell how she becomes famous by (ahem) using men of higher and higher status until finally she winds up marring the soon to be dictator of Argentina by telling him that she will be &quot;good for him.&quot; And the rest is history. Not to morally judge the story but no wonder the girl died of cervical cancer. <br /> The begining of the movie is slow and Alan Parker does a poor job of protraying the state of the people in Argentina (hey, I can only watch Banderas get beat up so many times.) The movie did not visually support the amazing soundtrack. I was left bored, confused and unsatisfied. But the soundtrack is great (you can do other things while listening so it doesn't waste your time) and I give it two star ONLY because of Pryce's preformance.
B00003CWPR|3.0|...in the middle of hours of tedium.<br />I enjoy all sorts of movies.  Cyrano de Bergerac (Ferrer version), Remains of the Day and Howard's End remain some of my favourite movies of all time.  But this movie made me want to sleep -- not simply from boredom, but because my mind wanted to retreat from having the experience of sitting through this...the forced dialogue, the extremely unusual lack of chemistry between husband and wife actors (and the awkwardness from them and several of the other actors for whom I normally have an appreciation)...and I'm even a Kubrick fan.<br />There's a sequence in the middle - the mansion scene - which is lovely to behold.  Those who have seen the movie will know what I'm describing.  Those who haven't, if your tastes are similar to mine, I'd advise skipping to this scene and forgetting the rest.  It's like a very tasty icing layer in the middle of a very dry cake.
6305131406|4.0|If you think that the war is over your damned wrong !!! Rambo is back and three other wars are just waiting for him...first he has to fight for his life cause some bad cops don't like veterans. then he must save mia still confined in veitnam. and finnally his best friend has been taken prisonner in afghanistan.. rambo trilogy is an anthology !!!
1878424319|5.0|During a dinner party of mine a friend asked for a book to read while he was..ahem...going to be on the john.  I grabbed this one intentionally.  When he came out, he began to share the insights he had gleaned from it with the rest of the gathering.  We each discussed which of the agreements was our strongest and which was our weakest, and why.  I've never quite had a group conversation like that, but it was energizing.   <br />Few books have the impact this one does.  The keys to eliminating needless suffering and cultivating a life of peace, love and joy are here.  Some of life's simplest, most universal and most significant truths are contained within it.  Please read it, then give it to a friend, then another and don't stop.  Then read his other book &lt;Mastery of Love&gt;, as it is as (or more) amazing than this one.  Both have already made the rounds among my friends and coworkers, and I will be singing their praises for a long time.
0385486804|3.0|Krakauer does a good job of presenting the story of Chris McCandless, his life, his travels, and his death.  I enjoyed the book for the most part but got a little bored with Krakauer's constant meandering from the actual story of McCandless to the stories of other men who made similar journeys.  McCandless' story begs the question: was he mad or brilliant?  There is no doubt that McCandless was a well-educated man who knew what he was doing; however, the true question of the story is that of his purpose.  Did McCandless find true freedom?  true happiness?  We'll never know for sure, but we can read his story and learn from his mistakes thanks to Krakauer's thorough research.  A good read if you can get through some of the slower parts.
B00003CXBK|4.0|Yes its a masterpiece, but it has its flaws.  The storyline doesn't flow as coherently as I had hoped, its a little disjointed in places, with a few moments which were a bit slow and tedious, but the brilliant animation was enough to make up for it.  The themes of nature vs. human progress (on the brink of an industrial revolution here) is frighteningly similiar to reality, only our forests on earth do not have animal spirit-gods to protect them.  Their leader is a girl who believes herself to be a wolf - who is of course Princess Mononoke, raised by wolves and befriended by the wolfgods, she is the link between the human race and the mysteries of the forest.  There is the bad guy (in this case a woman), Lady Eboshi, who is spookily similiar to the antagonist in Hayao Miyazaki's other work, the spectacular &quot;Nausicaa&quot; (or &quot;Warriors of the Wind&quot; as was its title in the US). In fact, the whole movie is like a modern (or less modern) retelling of Nausicaa with a few new trappings.  The enviromentalist themes are all intact only this time there's no demon summoning, although a few boars get turned into them. <br />Which leads me to a point.  I know ALOT of people in the United States especially are not familiar with anime tend to believe that animation = children fare.  Well this is not the case, anime is generally slanted for an adult audience, most often in very extreme cases, with R rated themes.  They are basically hard core sci fi or fantasy but set with moving drawings instead of live action.  The PG-13 rating is there for a reason.  This movie is violent, it is bloody, there are boars with their flesh rotting off, beheadings and other acts of violence.  But its not gratitious, there is reason behind it, this movie attempts to make many points on many levels and instead of just talking about it often gives us the visual images to go along with the message. It's entirely necessary and even made me a little queasy at times, but was more than worthit.  Children 12+ should be able to handle it if they are mature enough, although just the ideas of animals turning into demons by their inner hatred can be confusing, again its making a point that violence is not the way to go and that problems can be solved with other ways than falling back on the savage core of the living - which is hate. <br />Of special note is Ashitaka's steed, a gazelle, who moves with such fluidity and grace, that everytime they take the screen together, I can't take my eyes off of them.  It's gorgeous watching it leap and bound across the screen, very well done.  <br />Overall &quot;Princess Mononoke&quot; comes highly recommended as a landmark in Japanese animation, however falls under the bar that was set by &quot;Nausicaa&quot; back in the 1980s.  Few movies have managed to eclipse that one in general but it still stands as the best of Miyazaki's work.  Anime fans have probably already seen it and loved it but parents beware that start to reach for the film based on Miyazaki's kid's fare like the often annoying &quot;Totoro&quot; and the sweet witch's fantasy &quot;Kiki's Delivery Service&quot;, that this is particular flick takes a much more mature direction and the real anime fans are thankful for it.
B00003CXE7|1.0|Gladiator is a poorly directed movie with a weak script.  The opening battle scene is horribly stylized and crude, consisting of scenes repeated at different angles and obvious use of computerized graphics.  The gladiatorial combat scenes consists of quick cut-aways and unneeded close-ups which hide detail.  A non-action scene in the movie involves a sequence of long, weary, and meaningless dialogue.  The characters, especially Commodus, are poorly written for while the plot lacks structure.  Russell Crowe does give a strong performance, which somewhat saves the movie.  Ultimately, if we compare Gladiator to a good movie in the genre, such as Braveheart, its shortcomings become apparent.
0060925000|4.0|My instinct while reading A Suitable Boy was to compare it to Middlemarch; I guess that was due to the sprawling scope of the book. As I finished Seth's book, two nights ago, I thought of Chinua Achebe's Things Fall Apart. I was reminded of Okonkwo's decisions when I read of Lata's.<br />I don't want to 'give away the story,' but I felt Seth forced his plot along at several points -- particularly about three quarters of the way through, when Maan and Firoz speak to one another in Saeeda Bae's room. It read to me as if Seth had written himself into a rich world and then compromised the integrity of his characters in order to force the ending he'd originally intended to lead us to.<br />The best example I can think of is that, after 1200 pages of a limited omniscience in our narrator, Seth stops describing Lata's thoughts and emotions to us just as she's making the choice around which the entire book has been structured. I found this extremely disturbing, as if an intimate friend suddenly had developed a distant reserve toward me.<br />I agree with many of the reader comments here; when I finished this novel I felt bereft. Partly, though, that was because Seth withdrew the characters from me well before the book ended. Seeing Lata as a sort of sleepwalker rather than as an actively intelligent, emotional person was haunting. I felt she'd been beaten down. That's how she reminded me of Okonkwo, I guess. And I've been debating to myself, over the past two days, whether Seth would have intended her to come across that way.
B00003CXE7|5.0|A power house thriller right to the very end it kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time, very good acting Russel Crowe      (maximus) is the perfect person to play the gladiator just because he he has that get the hell away from me look about him he should at least get best actor noninations he may not win it but he is worthy of it. this movie is in my opinion for best picture now I say this after seeing the patriot I have decided that Gladiator is my new choice for best picture. I going to honestly say that when I saw the previews for this movie I was not to thrilled about it I thought the movie would suck at the box office but I was wrong. now after my brother Mike wheless bought it and told me that is was a great movie I now belive him  The director ridley scott with his genius directing powers he did a great job on this movie so if you have not see this movie go rent it or buy it because it is a great movie.
0385486804|3.0|Krakauer does a good job of telling the tragic story of Chris McCandless.  He uses good detail and his own experience to make the story more real.  However, I was a little bored by his constant meandering from story to story.  I wish that he would have just stayed with the story of McCandless.  McCandless' tragedy is like all other tragedies.  If he had done one or two things differently, he would have survived.  However, I wonder if he had survived, would we still remember him today? His life was spent in search of an ideal.  He sought freedom from the weights of modern society.  Whether he found what he sought after we will never know, but we can learn from his life and mistakes through Krakauer's research.  A good read if you can get through some of the slower parts.
0451450523|4.0|What seperates fantasy and fairy tale? It's a fine line, but this one is definitely in the latter category.  It's truly literature, with a poetic type prose that breaths an otherworldly life to the characters, and the insight into the mind of the unicorn is breathtaking.  There is not a paint by numbers storyline, but in fact one that is original and unlike anything I have read before or since.  The animated movie was my original introduction to this story - about a unicorn's quest to discover if she's really the last unicorn left upon the earth.  Touching, romantic, and emotional, there are plot twists that leave the reader wondering what will happen next, provided they have not witnessed the movie beforehand as a warmup.  A sentimental must read for anyone who loves a well written story.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This was a film I enjoyed much the same as movies of the old spectacles . Good story and well made, well acted and a treat to the eye.
B000002LR6|4.0|If you're a fan of heavy and industrial rock, do yourself a favor and pick up Ministry's &quot;Psalm 69&quot;, it's worth it! Never receiving the props that they deserve, Ministry delivers thrashing and explosive industrial rock on this 1992 album. I first discovered Ministry about three or four years ago and have been a big fan ever since. The album starts off with &quot;N.W.O.&quot;, a look at then President George Bush's supposed new world order. &quot;Just one fix&quot; follows, with its ripping guitars and all out aggression and angst. Soon you come to the thrash and fun of &quot;Jesus built my hotrod&quot; and the awesome title track &quot;Psalm 69&quot;. The album is aggressive, dark, meaningful, and delivers for fans of hardcore rock.
B00003CWOL|5.0|From the opening credits to the mother of all deus ex machina's Kevin Smith has once again created an intelligent and witty movie with one of the more original plots around.  A skee-ball fanatic God, angels exiled to Wisconsin for talking back, the 13th apostle, a muse turned exotic dancer, one of the most foul-mouthed sex fiends as a prophet (Yeah, Jay!) and an abortionist turned &quot;last scion&quot;?  <br />Words are the basis of this marvel, which makes you actually pay attention and think beyond the simple sight gags, physical humor, phallic jokes, and raucous humor of today's more typical comedies.  So open your ears, and be prepared to laugh, because, in case I didn't mention it before, this is a REAL FUNNY movie.
0679805273|5.0|As I embark on yet ANOTHER new chapter of my life, I find I am constantly questioning my every move, encountering new crossroads and rebuilding my somewhat depleting self-belief.  Last night my best friend Shannon called me on the phone asking if she could read me a bedtime story.  It's been more than 20 years since someone asked me if they could read to me before bed but I instantly reverted to my childhood and out of habit curled up in bed and asked 'what's the book called' before she even opened a page.  As the words flowed through her lips, I was dumbfounded at how closely it related to my own life ... it was like Dr. Seuss wrote ME a book.  Oh, the Places You'll Go answered EVERY question I have been asking myself for months.  All my 'what ifs' 'ands' or 'buts' are no more.  All too soon, Shannon came to the end and closed the book, I was speechless and tearful but ironically, I had new zest and energy pumping through my veins ... I wanted to jump to my feet and scream 'I'm going to do it ... I'm going to climb to the top!!!  Dr. Seuss makes reference to people in the 'waiting period' where so many of us stay out of fear ... I'm not scared any more!!!  No matter how old one is when they pick up this book, it will reflect on their  present life and put it into perspective.  The next time you find yourself 'questioning', pick up Oh, the Places You'll Go, or better yet have someone read it outloud .. listen to the words, let them seep through your pours and I guarantee ... Dr. Seuss will inspire :)
B000002GBD|4.0|When I first started to like hard music, like hard rock and some heavy metal, I was trying to look for some artists that I would like. After getting recomendations and searching on web sites, I found out about Nazareth. Once I started to listen to some of their music online, I right away said to myself, &quot;I'm deffinetly going for this.&quot; After getting some other artists, such as Armored Saint, Extreme II, and Monster Magnet, I actually satrted liking Nazareth more than a few others. So those are some artists that I would recomend if you like Nazareth. I love this hard stuff.
0553106635|5.0|When an author shines over a series of books, expectations are raised, and you want the next book he writes to be even better.  When it is simply as excellent as the ones that came before, you may hector and quibble.  Well, taken any way you want, &quot;A Storm Of Swords&quot; is fabulous.  I hadn't read even ONE series of &quot;realist&quot; fantasy literature that continued to impress past the first one. Robert Jordan merely managed to raise glimmers of that amazing first book in all the remaining books of his endless series. Folks, quite simply, an author's first book contains a complete statement of &quot;his world&quot;, and to often subsequent books in a series belabor the obvious, or depart from basic premises in an attempt to startle.  Does anyone else remember &quot;The Sword Of Shannara&quot;?  Jordan's first book &quot;Eye OF The World&quot; was simply stunning, but he hasn't been able to sustain that level of excitement. I suppose like me you continued to read Brooks' and Jordan's vision, and others, finding your enjoyment vaguely less and less with each episode. That is not the case at all with this series!  George RR Martin's books wrap you up in a world of people whom I think are as real as any I have read in a fantasy series.  This series is a great work!  Most fantasy works are adolescent and immature.  I got to the point where if I read of Nynaeve tugging her braid again, or Elayne or any female gauging her woman-wear in Tellaranriod one more time, I would have screamed in agony.  That is just one case in point.  Mr. Martin's &quot;A Song Of Ice And Fire&quot; series is a grand departure from adolescent meanderings!  Martin is staking new ground with very adult themes. In his grand story, last year's hero is last month's villian, and last month's villian is yesterday's conflicted hero, who is now today's dubious villian.  Isn't that a description of life, with heightened dramatic impact and intensity?  And the sheer delight of the writing! However,I must say I thought Arya and Sansa continue to be dramatically expressed less well than they ought, but every other character is simply scintillating.  Less you think I am saying Mr. Martin can't handle female characters, I suggest you pay attention to Catelyn and Daenarys, whom I thought he developed with brilliance!  And Jon is a hero for all time.  The best thing about these books: You never know what events, tragic and devastating, or affirming and glorious, will occur to your favorite characters.  And these people in Mr. Martin's books grow and learn, or regress, over time!  THAT is a wonder to behold in these days.  In summary: &quot;A Storm Of Swords&quot; is world-building at its best, with characters for us all to read about, and care about,  to celebrate, curse, grieve for, and pity.  Plotlines flowed and suprised me, yet in retrospect they remained consistent with the vision.  &quot;A Storm Of Swords&quot;, like the earlier books in Mr. Martin's series, is greatness.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|I've been a Jane Austen fan since I was a little girl.  Honestly, when the movie version came out, I was afraid to go see it; I had such strong images of Emma and her companions in my mind. I didn't need to be afraid.  Every actor was perfect!  I've never seen a better cast movie!!  Somehow the spirit of Jane Austen was channeled by the director; she would have adored this film.  Emma was never meant to be taken as seriously as her other works; that's why I loved &quot;Clueless&quot; as a sweet tribute to Austen.  After I saw the Hollywood version, I bought the BBC version.  That was a waste!  It was so puffed full of its own self-importance I felt like I was in an English class lecture.  I watch the Hollywood version all the time, but the BBC version sits all dusty on my tape shelf.  I'm glad someone else liked the 'I rode in the rain' line; it always makes me cry.  (But then again, I cry during X-Files (now there is a beautiful example of true love!)) When Emma and Mr. Knightly are about to dance, because, she says, &quot;It is not as if we are brother and sister&quot;  &quot;Indeed not&quot; he replies, and the look on his face is perfect: love; lust, longing.  Wow.  I can't imagine a better adaptation.
0441172717|1.0|ACE reprint of 'Dune' - ISBN0-441-17271-7<br />never before have i seen a book contain so many print &amp; editorial errors...ink application is not homogeneous, resulting in many blots &amp; light print areas...print pressure is inconstant, resulting in wavy print &amp; apparent font reduction...<br />                 then there are the editorial errors<br />pg. 108 &quot;the gift is the blessing of the river&quot; &lt;giver&gt;<br />                                    ...the most egregious so far<br />if there had been physical defect allowing return to place of purchase, this paperback would surely have been exchanged for a previously published edition of better quality
B00003CXE7|3.0|Gladiator is a big budget film with great actors and amazing special effects that falls just short of the mark.<br />Russels Crowe is one of my favorite actors and I was hoping that he would come out swinging in this movie.  Unfortunately, he did a far better job as a psychotic in Virtuosity or a mean cop in LA Confidential.  Unlike Mel Gibson in Braveheart, he does not carry the role of an inspiring leader credibly.  His impassioned speeches lack punch and you never build up enough respect or empathy with his character for him to have sufficient emotional appeal.  Part of it was bad dialog and part of it was his raspy voice (he sounds better when he tries to be menacing than he does trying to be grandiose).<br />One area that is hard to fault are fanastic visual effects.  Each scene is well conceived and laid out beautifully.  The fight sequences are superbly choreographed and exhilarating to watch.  Too bad there are so many interuptions between them.<br />One area that they apparently skimped on the budget was the script.  It appears that they just recycled the Braveheart script with some minor updates.  One of the driving forces behind Russell Crowe's character is his desired to avenge his wife and son.  In Braveheart this was an effective device because you got to know his bride beforehand.  However, this portion of Gladiator was rushed and ineffective ... leaving the rest of the movie a little dry and unmoving.  <br />Overall, you will spend a lot of time bored during this movie waiting for the next great fight.<br />For those that like the film, the DVD is a pretty good buy.  The commentaries are interesting if you want to know how the film was conceived and the two additional features are more than the standard pre release commercials, they actually talk about some of the more interesting aspects of the movie.
B00002R0MC|5.0|Many Bob Marley collections come out with some bscure, usually low quality recording of something or other, but this set has some gems, like &quot;High and Low Tide,&quot; the Acoustic Medley, the bassy version of Mellow Mood, and others.  It's a great collection of all his best pieces.  Notoriously and sorely absent is Turn Your Lights Down Low, which Lauryn sort of remade last year, too, on a collection. You get the overall attitude and approach of the man, a true devotee of music and God, a true revolutionary with the purest love, for friends, women, and countrymen, in his heart, that is blared out in every song.
B00004WIBW|5.0|I really really like this movie.  This movie is the best scary movie I have ever seen.  The best part of the movie was the ending then the action comes and get more and more scarer I din't see this movie at the theaters.  And I thought this movie was no good so I just rented it and I saw it really scared me.  I got this movie for my Birthday  this was the only thing I mostly wanted.  But now I own it and watch this movie a lot of times and mostly never get bored of it. this movie and Inspector Gadget (own It) are my favorite movies.  I think that parents should watch this before there teenagers should warch it. because it will give them nightmares and some won't if they are not scardy cats to see it. This movie is great for boys and men because. it is mostly fighting and cutting off people heads girls or womem would really not like it only if some girls I don't know. I think teens and adults should see this movie got go by And Happy Thanksgiving  This was made on November 21  2,000
B00003CXGG|4.0|This movie is Jet Li's first lead role in an english language film and hopefully many more will follow.  Romeo must die has an ok plot, good acting and great fight scenes.<br />Romeo must die is a martial arts version of, as if the title wasn't a dead give away, Romeo and Juliet.  In this movie, Han (Jet Li) escapes from prison in Hong Kong and comes to the US only to find his brother murdered.  While searching for his brothers murderer, he accidentally bumps into Trish (Aaliyah), who just happens to be the daughter of his father's primary rival.<br />Jet Li plays an excellent little tough guy.  He is neither as wooden as Chou Yun Fat or as goofy as Jackie Chan.  He is, however, an excellent martial artist and a pleasure to watch in action.  Beyond being a great entertainer, Aaliyah's acting is also credible and she is absolutely beautiful.  There is obvious on screen chemistry between the two, however, it is never developed in the film.<br />The supporting cast also make solid contributions to the movie.  In particular Anthony Anderson makes a great funny man as Maurice.  Russel Wong is an accomplished martial artist that helps Jet Li to showcase his talents.<br />The DVD is a good buy.  The film looks good, the sound is excellent (a little too much bass) and it has an excellent sound track.  There are lots of interesting extras on the DVD.  I don't particularly care for the &quot;making of&quot; documentaries that come with most DVDs because they are little more than extended commercials.  Fortunately on this DVD, the music videos are good and the special effects featurettes are interesting.
B00003CX8J|4.0|When I first heard that Stan Lee wanted to make an X-Men movie, I shuddered with fear about what the childish cartoonish outcome would be.  However, whilst viewing Shaft in the theater, I saw the theatrical trailer for the X-Men film. My jaw actually, physically dropped open!!!! I am not kidding, I was like the great Homer Simpson in a doughnut shop!!!!! My anticipation raced through the veins of my body, so that throughout Shaft all I could think of was Rogue.....ohhhhhh sweet Rogue......Anyhoo, I ended up seeing Shaft a second time because I could not concentrate on the film!  When I first saw the film I could not believe my eyes! What a great portrayal of Lee's misunderstood mutants.  Hugh Jackman was so inot the character Wolverine, that I was disappointed he didn't keep the cool haircut!  And Famke Jansen? Oh yeah, Jean Grey is hot. I loved the rivalry between Wolverine and Cyclops too, it added some much needed humor to an otherwise dark movie. As a prospective educator, I would not recommend this one for the kids, its dark and violent.  But for us adults that grew up with the comic book, as I did, it is so well worth your seeing!!!  Kudos to Bryan Singer, THE USUAL SUSPECTS, for another great movie!!!  An all around fun and action packed movie, highly recommended!!!  Oh, and Mr. Lee?  Can't wait to see Spiderman and how about working on a Fantastic Four film?!!!!
B000050XEI|5.0|I have been a faithful Enya fan since her first album was released. This is a definitely another one not to miss! I agree, some of her stylings on this CD were similar to Memory of Trees but it doesn't matter it sounds gorgeous! If you want to lose yourself in an intoxicating daydream, buy this CD!!!! If this is going to be your first Enya purchase, make sure you buy all her previous albums -- especially Shepherd Moons and Memory of Trees (which are my past faves).
B00000JMQC|5.0|This movie Return to oz is the best wizard of oz movie I have ever seen.  I got this movie for my birthday and i couln't wait to get it and couldn't wait to open it up.  This movie is more scary than the Wizard of oz because of Princess mombi and her heads that she can put on and off.  Then Weehleers are sort of scary to my little sister.  I have seen this movie a whole bunch of times and rented it whole bunch of times then it was on t.v and I taped it but it got taped over when i taped Full House.  I think if someone is a big Oz fan you should see this movie it is great I mean really good.
B00003CWL6|4.0|In brief, American Beauty is the tale of families that are in transition as each member seeks to leave his/her unfufilling present and move to a brighter future.<br />I am sure that a movie this complex will having different meanings to many people.  Each individual character is well developed and interesting.<br />My personal favourite character is Lester, the father of a rebellious teen age daughter and husband to an aggressive, domineering wife.  Lester has successfully pursued his career, built a house and a family and is looking back of the joys of his youth, wistfully wishing for a second shot.  This is not a new character archetype, however, it has been modernized.  The conflicts that Lester experiences are very in tune with those that my peers in their 30-40s experience:  competing with his wife for success, empathizing more with his neighbours drug dealing son than with the neighbours 1950s morality and being overwhelmed by the blantant sexuality of today's teens.<br />I am sure that other viewers could easily identify with characters other than Lester, he just happens to be my favourite.<br />As a DVD purchase, it is an ok bet.  The sound quality is good but not overwhelming and the same can be said for the video.   For a movie this complex, I found the director's commentary interesting and the best reason to buy the DVD.  The making of featurette is just a 20 min commercial for a film that you have already seen and I have never understood why the theatrical trailers are included.
067158037X|5.0|For months, I heard the name &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; thrown around, and finally bought the book to read while on a trip.  I'd talked to several people before hand, who made it quite clear to me that the book was incredibly sad and depressing and to be sure to have a box of kleenex close at hand.  I was reassured that despite my tears, I would find the book wonderful.   Well, I do find Angela's Ashes to be a wonderful book, and yes, the poverty in which they lived was depressing, however, what I loved most about this book was the fact that these people had a sense of what it means to survive, to be alive, and be thankful for what we have.  Though they lived in poverty, there was an incredible sense of community amongst all the residents of Limerick, the town in which Frank McCourt grew up, and there was always help to be had.  Small comforts came from a cup of tea, or a cigarette, something that we take for granted in our lavish, western lifestyles.  Though materially Frank had very little, he had a wealth of experiences that surpasses anything we can buy.  I am grateful that he was able to recount his &quot;miserable&quot; childhood with such humor, and that he was able to humble those of us who are more fortunate.
0446310786|5.0|--I just recently read this book and i must say i am very delighted that i did.  I have meant to read it for a few years now, but never had the chance.  Not knowing exactly what it was about except for the rape of a white girl and the charge of a black man it sounded like &quot;a time to kill&quot; to me, but it is anything but that book.        <br />i found myself laughing at this novel because of Lee's quick wit and clever characters.  Calpurnia i found made me laugh the most.  She was so blunt and hard on the children and always had something smart to say to them.        <br />Beginning the book i thought the two children were boys.  Lee never mentions (or at least i didn't notice) that Jean was was a girl.  They called her scout and she didn't want to seem like a girl when she played with Dill and Jem.  I was pretty amazed to find out she was a girl and i loved the way she acted. Always wanting to follow her older brothers lead and wanting to marry dill.      <br />Boo Radley (the scary man that haunts the town of Maycomb, who never leaves his house and might be dead) fueled the beginning of the book.  Lee writes amazingly about children and their comical antics.  It reminded me of the way i used to be.      <br />While the town of Maycomb thought Atticus (the children's father) was not fathering his children right, i came to love him.  His sence of reasoning and hearing each of the children out before making any rash decisions.  He was always so calm no matter what happened and could never be seen without reading. he was an intelligent man that the town should have looked up to instead of looking down on him.  He let his children do what they wanted, but for their own good.  With this freedom the children could learn right from wrong (of course with guidance) and be who they wanted.       <br />To Kill a Mockingbird is also about the hypocrisy that faces us.  During the middle of the book it is brought to Scout's attention by her teacher that it is wrong to kill Jews because they are so law abiding, faithful and help out their communities so well, but Scout wonders why her teacher could feel this way about Jews and not feel this way about blacks.        <br />This novel reaffirmed my appreciation for how far we have come with civil rights.  The book does not only deal with this, but it is a strong vaild point.  In order to get where we are now (and we still have a long way to go) we needed people in communities like Atticus who would take the looks and stares from his neighbors in order to defend what he thought was right.  He defended a black man when the town said he shouldn't have just so he was able to look in his children's eyes.  He wanted them to see that everyone is equal and sometimes the right thing is the hardest thing to do.      <br />OVERALL:  To kill a mockingbird is a novel everyone should read.  Its wit and humor make the message of this book even more brighter to see.  While i did not find this book suspensful till the end (which i must add had a GREAT ending) i found myself wanting to turn each page because i was enjoying myself while reading about the city of Maycomb.  Lee makes you feel as though you live right next to the Fitch's and are sitting on your portch watching the summer days go by.
B00003003R|4.0|I bought this album some time back and have listined to it over and over.The album relys alot on appetite for destruction and some of the tracks from use your illusion 1 and 2 should have been included such as the brilliant Civil War and Coma.Its a great live album but i wonder could they have put better performances of patience and sweet child of mine on the album.Also they should have included more of Axls rants.Slashs solos are fantastic.There is a great version of November rain and the explosive nightrain and welcome to the jungle. A truly great album from a truly great band.Lets hope they release some new material soon.Come back Guns N Roses,The world misses you.
B00003CWOL|4.0|This is one original script! It makes you think while it makes you laugh. The director is a genius and the cast is one of a kind.<br />Even though the film makes a total mockery out of the catholic religion, there are some thought-provoking issues in the story. What I like most about the film is that the existence of God is never questioned. Let's face it. We should all see the funny side of things. The dialogue is quite silly and insubstantial -- in other words, it is not to be taken seriously. After all, that's what having a sense of humor is all about.<br />Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Fiorentino, Salma Hayek, and Chris Rock are all great in the film. The cast and the director are the true of force behind this film. Watch it and laugh!
0679879269|3.0|Sometimes if you have to wait too long for a book expectations run too high and disappointment is close at hand. But sometimes the reason for having to wait too long can be found in the problems the author may have had with his story. I loved the first two books in the series, but I was not enchanted by the third. No doubt, this is still a good book and has memorable moments. But the magic somehow has gone, the plot seems awfully constructed and I had the impression that the author just could not handle all strands of this ambitious work with the same deftness as previously - and inadvertently resorted to &quot;deus ex machina&quot; solutions. The book usually starts to glow where Lyra and Will are involved, but Asriel's/Mrs. Coulter's battle against the Church and Metatron which takes up a lot of space was rather a cheap thrill.
0671034065|5.0|LINDA DID NOT DISAPOINT ME WITH THIS NOVEL.  IT MADE ME LAUGH, CRY AND HOLD MY BREATH.. I ADORED HER CHARACTERS AND SHE HAD ME IN STITCHES WITH LAUGHTER AT THE ANTICS OF JAINE AND HER NEIGHBOUR... THE SCENE INVOLVING THE MURDER OF HER FRIEND WERE EMOTIONAL.  AS FAR AS I AM CONCERNED LINDA'S RECENT BOOKS SUSPENSE NOVELS JUST KEEP ON GETTING BETTER.  CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT ONE.
B000001EC1|4.0|&quot;Crossroads&quot; is your one-stop shop if all you want is Bon Jovi's hit songs (and a couple new hits thrown in for fun.) They're all here in their original glory. Here's the problem: Bon Jovi is one of those bands whose truly great songs were never released. It's songs like &quot;Wild in the Streets,&quot; &quot;Blood On Blood,&quot; &quot;Silent Night,&quot; and &quot;I'd Die For You&quot; that make this band more than just the faces you see on MTV. &quot;Crossroads&quot; misses that point. But it misses most of what makes Bon Jovi great. Unfortunately, a lot of people will think this is all of what makes them great, and that's sad. So go buy the rest of the records and listen to &quot;Wild is the Wind&quot; or &quot;Dry County&quot; for a real dose of a great rock and roll band.
B000050XEI|5.0|On a summer evening in the late 80's I heard SAILING on the radio.  I drove to Tower Records and bought the disk.  Nothing changes.  I HAD to have A DAY WITHOUT RAIN the day it was released.  It's fantastic.  If you are an Enya fan, you will agree this is probably her best effort yet.  If you are not an Enya fan, then you need to become one right now.  This disk is a GREAT place to start.  As always, Enya's magic is haunting lyrics, mesmerizing melodies, and a first class experience in relaxation.  Get this disk now!!
B0000025BL|5.0|There are great songs and there are great RECORDS. &quot;Bat Out of Hell&quot; is a great RECORD. Every song is legendary and known by generation after generation of listener. There has rarely been musical magic like this. Jim Steinman, rock's greatest dramaturgue, serves us seven moments that are crystal clear to anyone who ever survived being a teenager, first love and the first lay. Meat Loaf's voice is here more larger-than-life than the man himself -- which is no small feat.<br />Interestingly enough, this record's one 'unknown' song &quot;For Crying Out Loud&quot; is generally considered one of rock's greatest songs, a piece of music far larger than the boundaries of traditional pop could ever hope to contain.<br />&quot;Bat Out of Hell&quot; will survive longer than Meat Loaf and Jim Steinman. It is a universal piece of rock and roll storytelling. Anyone who does not own this record does not have a collection of rock and roll records worth mentioning. A must have. Period.
B00004SPYJ|5.0|Strega2 has given an excellent and accurate review.  Most of us got to know Maestro Zeffirelli through this film.  Later we got to know his opera work through Live from the Met (and their subsequent videos).<br />My wife and I relived his Romeo recently with this DVD.  The transfer and print are top quality.  We watched it 16:9 on a new widescreen TV.  It was beautiful.  Actually it looked better than it did in the small &quot;arts&quot; theater in which we saw it in 1967.  The next evening, just for fun, we watched Tea with Mussolini (the rest of the story on Zeffirelli).<br />His canon of films is short, but when he is good -- he's as good as it get!
B00004XOWM|5.0|I love limp bizkit and all their songs.  Even though every 5 words is .... it is still a great cd. By it now.<br />Warning: You might want the censored version cause the explicit one is pretty bad.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This album almost never leaves my CD player.  It's inspiring and fun.  Moby's work has never failed to please me.  I recommend this CD to anyone who is looking for something interesting and full of soul.  Also, Moby's liner notes have always made me think, about the world. His essays in this album are beautiful.
B00003CXDF|4.0|From the other reviews I've read, I can see this movie will not sell very good. I liked it, in the beginning it was boring, and pointless, but then when Ethan sneeks in that big building to get back the virus thing, thats were it really gets intersting. I think this movie was more about the relationship of ethan and maiya, or whatever her name was, since towards the end you can see how ethan wants to rescue her from being killed by that virus. I didn't mind, I liked that. I think if you are really intersted in buying this movie you should, although I would recommend more that you rent it, and see what you think. I'm sure if you really want it, you'll enjoy it.
0800177177|4.0|This movie is made wonderful by the acting and directing talents of Gary Oldman and Francis Ford Coppola. Oldman portrays all his characters masterfully and does so again. Coppola again amazes me with his talens also. But others bring down the show. Not that I don't like Keanu Reeves or Winona Ryder, but they didn't do a well job. Anthony Hopkins and Cary Elwes were very good. The script was very exceptional. --Michael
B00000FZQ8|1.0|I had such high hopes for this movie when I bought the DVD.  I read it was directed by the man who was responsible for such wonderful special effects in 2001 and Close Encounters.  What a boring, uneventful, uninteresting, badly acted, silly movie this is.  I'm sure the message back in the early 70's was feelgood and all, but this was just toooooo lame for me to care about what was happening.  It is plain to see that he did not have much in the budget for effects.  Or even a script.  Pretty amazing since Michael Cimino and Steven Bochco have their names attached to the screenplay.  If you want to laugh at something that I would term &quot;bad theater at its best&quot;, by all means, buy this movie.  But you will be disappointed if expecting anything else.
B000051VWW|3.0|My wife and I have enjoyed listening to this disc very much ... very tuneful, with interesting rhythms and instrumentations ... there's no killer signature tune (like &quot;Smooth Operator,&quot; from &quot;Diamond Life&quot;; &quot;Is it a Crime?&quot; from &quot;Promise&quot;; or the speaker-melting &quot;No Ordinary Love,&quot; from &quot;Love Deluxe&quot;), but it's still very nice.<br />The biggest regret I have about this disc is that listening to it makes me feel kind of old.  It's hard for me to believe that I was an undergraduate in college when I first began listening to Sade ... but I'm glad I'm still around to listen to her 16 years later!
B000005DQR|5.0|What an incredible album. Shadow cuts and pastes beats and samples into a truly cohesive and beautiful masterpiece. This is the kind of cd you can put on repeat and drift off into the netherlands of your mind. <br />You have to admire the originality of this album. It manages to be both delicious ear candy and totally unique at the same time.<br />Highly recommended.
6305750750|4.0|I thought &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is a great movie for a couple reasons.  Let me first address the most apticipated, and heavily criticized first story in what will soon be the greatest sextet ever.  You must first remember that one of the hardest things to do, in Sci-Fi no less, is work backwards. People in this genre pay too close attention to detail and would catch the smallest of inaccuracy.  With that being said, Episode 1 did what it should have done, provided a background for the coming 5 movies.  Episodes 4-6 were so great because the movies started with a plot and a conflict, Episode 1 had to provide it's own.  The Dual Scene at the end is very well thought out and emotional as well.  The scene where Darth Mual, Quin-Jon, and Obi-Won are waiting for those laser partitions to shut off is very intense.   There are two faults for this movie: Jar-Jar Binks and CGI.   Jar-Jar Binks is one of the worst characters in Sci-Fi lore and Lucas overused the CGI technology.  Other than that, buy this movie because it's the first staple in what will become the greatest saga ever.
B000002NC4|4.0|From the first notes of &quot;Randy Describes Eternity&quot;, you know you're on to something new. Some of the best song lyrics and most creative guitar work I've heard. <br />This album melds DIY, prog-rock, and symphonic ideas into a truly haunting, evocative, and memorable work. Imagine if Yes or King Crimson dropped the pretention and Dungeons and Dragons crap and had soul, emotion, and songwriting talent. Imagine if Nirvana or Pearl Jam were more cerebral. <br />This is the ultimate soundtrack for driving through the desert at 3 a.m. A definite keeper.
B00000JCOV|4.0|I love this CD.  There are a couple of tracks that I thought were dull and meaningless, but most were great.  Any rock fan will love this CD, I promise.  Just one thing, Slipknot is very energetic and hard, but there is more to it than that.  Listen closely, this is an extremely talented band, lyrically and musically.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Every once in a while, a movie comes along that smacks you right in the face - a film that shakes to the cores some of the basic assumptions by which we lead our lives. Fight Club is one such movie. David Fincher's brilliant adaptation of the Chuck Palahniuk novel packs more philosophical punch than practically any big-budget Hollywood film around, and yet still manages to entertain on a superficial level thanks to brilliant performances by Brad Pitt, Edward Norton, and Helena Bonham-Carter.<br />Without going into any details about the movie and its message, I can say with certainty that Fight Club will strike a chord with many people (admittedly most of them male). Further, this movie is replete with memorable quotations, and would be worth purchasing for that reason alone. I remain awed by the sheer number of 21st century aphorisms contained in this movie's dialogue. <br />Be forewarned, however, that not everyone will enjoy this movie. Some viewers will feel repulsed by the action, and some will either dislike the film's message or miss it entirely. However, if you want your movies to challenge you, then you mustn't miss Fight Club.
B0000508U6|5.0|This is an album you will play and play over and over again. If this is their first album,... what will their 2nd sound like? The vocals are haunting - just check out the song &quot;Spies&quot; - and the music is melodious and flowing. This CD is new, fresh, and wonderful...there is nothing I can think of to compare it to. And by the way, it's a LOT better than Kid A, and that's from a huge Radiohead fan.
0805062971|4.0|Like a lot of people, I imagine, I read Fight Club after seeing David Fincher's fine film version. Like the Fincher film, Mr. Palahniuk's novel is basically a cautionary tale about what happens when, as Palahniuk so chillingly puts it, &quot;you're trapped in your lovely nest, and the things you used to own, now they own you&quot;. A very dark novel - also a very funny novel, often at the same time. There were passages where when I was reading them I wasn't sure whether to laugh or to vomit. As one who thinks good art ought to be disturbing, I mean this as a compliment. If you agree, you should give this a shot.
B000051VWW|5.0|It has been a while, but it was a worth while wait.  Sade has the ability to caputre the heart and soul of music.  This album is simlpy amazing.  It is so mellow and beautiful.  I get the chill listening to it.  It is the perfect album to just relax to.  I recommend this to anyone who is looking for an almbum to put them in absolute peace.
B00004XPP0|5.0|Two years ago I had no clue what the word &quot;Star Wars&quot; meant.  Now I do, thanks to Episode One.  Now I know every single detail from both the new and old movies.  But my favorite has always been the trilogy....and back then I have been trying with all my might to own the movies.  It was not possible...but now it is.  I advise you, BUY THIS MOVIE. It will be totally worth it.  And if you are buying it for somebody else, I ASURE you they'll love it, too.  I am not going to tell you what the movie is about, because you will find out, and I don't want to spoil it.  Long live STAR WARS!!!
B00003CXFG|2.0|This movie has a great premise: ship crash lands and survivors must face some very ugly and vicious creatures who come out during an eclipse. I must say I had great expectations about it and was quite disappointed. Most of the actors seem to be just going through the motions, never really getting into the story. The most annoying aspect: the escaped convict-hero who spends most of the movie delivering BS one line comments as if it were high philosophy.
B00003CX8J|4.0|I grew up reading the X-Men comic books, so I was looking forward to seeing these characters on the big screen.  While I was a bit disappointed by the plot of the movie, the effects and characters were fantastic.  I would have liked to have seen a bit more of the development of each character, but I understand there was so much territory to cover that they could only do so if they had a sequel.....hmmmmm.  Overall, I think the cast does a good job of getting into character, and I thoroughly enjoyed Rogue's character (no comment about male chauvenism...)  A good flick and one that a DVD copy should be in everyone's library!!!
014028902X|5.0|This book is well known in Europe. It is translated on almostall European languages. It is much better than other books aboutanimals. Almost all people whom I know read this book (I am fromEurope). About 50% of them read this book twice.<br />Humor and deepunderstanding of people and wildlife makes this book thebest. Language is perfect. Stories are fascinating and captivating.
B000050XEI|3.0|When I heard that Enya was about to release a new CD, I was ecstatic.  &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; came out five years ago, and it was about time for some new stuff.  The CD is lovely (as usual) featuring Enya's lush, layered vocals and multilingual songs.  However, after listening to the tracks several times, some seemed interchangeable.  Each track relies heavily on plucked strings, so the music feels static.  Roma Ryan also needs to find some new material to inspire her lyrics.  That having been said, the giddy innocence of &quot;Wild Child&quot; and the darker overtones of &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; do show some innovation that will hopefully inspire future albums.
B000002L82|4.0|From the opening bass of &quot;Age of Consent&quot; we know New Order has found their own voice after the Joy Division influenced Movement.  I read in an interview that the group got the keyboards they were to use on the album just two days before recording- learning frantically how to program them.  The results are wonderful invention.  They mix keyboards and introspection to come up with great tracks like &quot;5,8,6&quot; and &quot;Your Silent Face&quot;.  &quot;Leave Me Alone&quot; remains one of the most heart wrenching songs ever.<BR> I don't really understand the inclusion of &quot;Blue Monday&quot; and &quot;the Beach&quot; which is just an instrumental of &quot;Blue Monday&quot;.  Having not been included on the original version it breaks up the flow of the album.  Doesn't everyone own &quot;BM&quot; on Substance anyway?  That aside, this is a great document of early New Order.
6304626495|3.0|The Monty Python team were inspired comic geniuses, who basically stumbled on the discovery that much of the fabric of everyday reality does, in fact, contain the seeds of humor, so that almost anything is potentially funny, taken out of its context.<br />But this is often a messy process. The Python team therefore grounded the more revolutionary aspects of their humour in a traditional comedy base, using elements of slapstick, funny characterizations, and even schoolboy humor to give their cerebral and surrealist comedy a more stable base. In the loose sketch format of the BBC TV shows, these ingredients had enough room to breathe - the result: comedy legendhood.<br />Although the Python team made several movies, the Life of Brian is their only movie to attempt a coherent story line. &quot;The Meaning of Life&quot; had thematic unity but the narrative was divided into separate sketches; while &quot;Monty Python and the Holy Grail&quot; was freed from the constraints of a coherent narrative by being set in the magical time of king Arthur. With &quot;Brian&quot;, the Python team found themselves forced to present a more coherent story, one that didn't quiet accomodate their surrealist flights of fancy. This is why &quot;Brian&quot; relied more heavily on traditional elements of comedy.<br />We get charater comedy: dated stereotypes of working class militants trying to express themselves beyond their vocabulary, and screechy old British women. Although initially amusing, these characterizations are stretched to last the whole film and become a little trying. They are also somewhat diluted so as not to alienate the potential overseas market. We also get the schoolboy humour of Bigus Dickus and plenty of slapstick, as in the stoning scene, the arena, etc.<br />Having to lug a story around for the whole film stops them following their muse as they did so brilliantly, particularly in some of their longer sketches from the TV series - See the outstanding &quot;Bicycling Tour of North Cornwall&quot; where the story ends up in the British Embassy in Minsk strangely taken over by the bingo-crazed Chinese!<br />Despite such great set pieces as the &quot;What have the Romans ever done for us?&quot; scene, the movie often struggles to wring humor from the confused religio-political situation of ancient Judea. And when the humor starts to drag there is no prospect of surprise relieving the boredom as there was in the TV show.Tour of North Cornwall&quot; where the story ends up in the British Embassy in Minsk strangely taken over by the bingo-crazed Chinese! <br />Despite such great set pieces as the &quot;What have the Romans ever done for us?&quot; scene, the movie often struggles to wring humor from the confused religio-political situation of ancient Judea. And when the humor starts to drag there is no prospect of surprise relieving the boredom as there was in the TV show.
B000002LCK|5.0|Substance is a great compilation of singles and B-sides by New Order from the early years.  Starting with the Joy Division  song &quot;Ceremony&quot; they breeze through all the 12&quot; singles in chron. order.  The first disc is nearly perfect.  Dance tracks dominate here: &quot;Blue Monday&quot;, &quot;Confusion&quot; and &quot;Perfect Kiss&quot;.  There is a new &quot;Temptation&quot; which, even though not as good as the original, is good.  This is a great testament to a band that mixed dance with rock instrumentation.<br /> The B-sides are not everyone's slice of pie.  Owning the LP i had to go out and get the CD version of disc 2.  (Not hard to find in a used CD store).  The instrumental versions of the dance tracks are ok.  &quot;Thieves Like Us&quot; probably is more pretty as an instrumental.  Remember it's use in Pretty in Pink?  But the real gems of disc 2 are &quot;Procession&quot;, &quot;Lonesome Tonight&quot;, and even &quot;1963&quot;.  Fairly brooding tracks but that's what's so good about this collection and New Order in general.  It's a band that mixed dance with introspection and isolation.  Substance is essential New Order.
B000002IZ4|5.0|with this cd, the stone temple pilots have blown themselves out of the water. The songs on this disc are thoughtfully written, and thought provoking. &quot;fill the bath/i'll drink the water that you leave/if you should die before me/ask if you can bring a friend&quot;. In addition to incredible lyrics, this title offers a varitey of music that the piolts have not used before, but has a remarkable sound  to it that is unique to them. This album proves that rock can come together with softer music and blend to create a unique master piece.
0783229011|5.0|the other reviewers here tell about this movie far better than i can.  but i had such a strong reaction to this movie i HAD to add a repetitious YES!  buy this movie.  i saw this in a theatre, and as expected was one of the few adults there.  i embarrassed myself by helpless crying at the end of the movie.  it was SO HAPPY of a movie!  the first time i saw Its a Wonderful Life i cried and cried too.  like the Jimmy Stewart movie, Babe is so life-affirming and positive. i call these movies in the 'make lemonade out of lemons' category, but say it so strongly without too much sentiment or sugary pollyanna statements.  the humor is perfectly pitched, and appropriate.
B000002AS3|4.0|In the UK, &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; was the biggest selling debut album of all-time.  Here in the US, the album wasn't nearly as successful, but that doesn't mean it isn't a great album.  Quite the contrary, &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; is the album that launched Oasis into superstardom.  Though US fans are more familiar with their second album, &quot;(What's The Story) Morning Glory?&quot; and its mega-hits &quot;Wonderwall&quot; and &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot;, &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; is certainly worth a listen from anyone who liked &quot;Morning Glory&quot; even a little bit.  The album's most successful single, &quot;Live Forever&quot;, is a timeless classic.  This song contains brilliantly uplifting lyrics, an very unique melody, and superb vocal performances by the brothers Gallagher.  This song ranks among my favorite Oasis songs of all-time.  Other standout tracks include &quot;Slide Away&quot;, a &quot;sort-of ballad&quot; containing outstanding lyrics and a blistering vocal performance from Liam Gallagher.  This track has an incredibly catchy chorus, but the layers of electric guitars that enrapture it make it hard to call this song a traditional ballad.  &quot;Cigarettes and Alcohol&quot; is a full-on rock and roll track with a great melody and awesome guitar riffs.  If you can get past the morally deplorable lyrics you'll find this song to be the best rock song on the album.  &quot;Rock and Roll Star&quot; is another great rock song on this album, and its lyrics are much more insightful than those of &quot;Cigarettes and Alcohol&quot;.  Though &quot;Cigarettes and Alcohol&quot; is a catchier tune, &quot;Rock and Roll Star&quot; is clearly the winner in the lyrics department.  It's just classic Oasis rock and roll.  &quot;Supersonic&quot; is one of the most unique songs on the album, as, like most of the songs on this album, it contains a very catchy chorus.  It's not really a full-on rock tune, but it's not a slow ballad, either.  Unfortunately, however, the lyrics are nothing more than complete gibberish, so don't waste your time trying to find some &quot;hidden meaning&quot; in this song, 'cos it just isn't there.  Still, this song is a treat to listen to.  &quot;Digsy's Dinner&quot; is one of those happy, uplifting Beatlesque tunes with comical lyrics and a catchy tune.  It's not hard rock by any means.  &quot;Up In The Sky&quot; is also an uplifting tune that clearly &quot;borrows&quot; something from The Beatles.  Again, the lyrics are mediocre but it's still an enjoyable tune.  The album's final track, &quot;Married With Children&quot;, is a slow but enjoyable acoustic number with some very funny lines, such as &quot;I hate the way that you are so sarcastic, and you're not very bright.&quot;  This is the only acoustic number on the album, and it sounds nothing like the rest of the album, which has much more of an edge.  The reason I don't give this album 5 stars is that it contains a few tracks that are marginal at best.  These include &quot;Shakermaker&quot;, &quot;Columbia&quot;, and &quot;Bring It On Down&quot;.  &quot;Columbia&quot; and &quot;Bring It On Down&quot; aren't horrible, but they contain neither innovative lyrics nor memorable melodies.  Both of these songs were early Oasis tracks, so clearly Noel Gallagher's songwriting has improved as the album progressed.  &quot;Shakermaker&quot; is a blatant rip-off of &quot;I'd Like To Teach The World To Sing&quot; used in the old Coca-Cola commercials, and its lyrics are gibberish.  This is by far the worst song on the album.  I mean, come on, Noel?  If you're going to rip off the music, at least write some decent lyrics to make up for it!!!  I'm completely baffled by the fact that this track was released as a single in the UK, while classics like &quot;Slide Away&quot; were never released.  In any event, &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; can best be described as &quot;Morning Glory&quot; with more of an edge.  It's not all hard rock, but it's not filled with the mid-tempo, very melodic tracks that make up &quot;Morning Glory&quot;.  Still, &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; contains more than a fair amount of truly great songs, and is well worth a listen for any Oasis fan.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|What more can be written about the songs included on this disk.  They are among the most influential, innovative and successful songs in music history.  Any longtime Beatles fans will have these songs on probably more than one release, but the cd is worth the price for the excellent thirty-plus page cover booklet. For anyone who is new to the group, there is no better place to start than here, and if you are a long time fan, why not have all the band's biggest hits on one cd.
B000002J1Y|5.0|This CD is a document of the best Yes tour than began in the States on the eve of &quot;Close to the Edge&quot;.<br />I can't offer any objective viewpoint of this music for reasons I am sure most fans clearly understand.  Little could compare to one's first experience of ego-annihilation and eternity-with-eyes-open at a Yes concert the fall after 'Close to the Edge' was released upon an unsuspecting world.  That track, live, contained five billion lifetimes in twenty minutes, and featured one of the most chilling, sad, lovely moments in Pop Music called &quot;I Get Up, I get Down.&quot; Jon Anderson had one of those androgynous voices that could only be described as 'angelic'. And we never questioned his abstruse lyrics: we knew they were about a world our eyes could just barely see, if we strained.<br />Yessongs appeared the spring after the Yes Tour of 72-73 wrecked havoc with the mind and emotions of American youth, and the ones who weren't under psychiatric care were convinced they were Eyeless in Gaza.  While the sound quality was lacking, the album proved the band could rock, and lay down complex tracks live as well as in the studio.  &quot;And You and I&quot; was actually better on this live disc than the studio, and Howe and Wakeman breathed new life into &quot;Perpetual Change&quot; and &quot;Starship Troopers.&quot;<br />It's an essential document of an astonishing cosmic spasm for those who were in it, and evidence of dynamic minds and superb musicianship for the rest.  It also marked the departure in composition that would be evidenced in the following &quot;Tales from Topographic Oceans&quot;, and its highs would only be hinted at again in the sonic blast &quot;Relayer,&quot; in 1975.<br />Funny, I still expect them to turn into space grasshoppers dressed in silver lame and play all the songs backwards when I hear it.
B00000K19E|5.0|Let's face it, you're either a sci-fi movie junkie, or you're not.   <br />If you ARE, then this must-buy movie WILL blow your mind! Not only is the plot full of mind-warping twists, the special effects will make you say &quot;How'd they do that?&quot;  If you buy the DVD version, they even included the answer to that question for curious people like us. The DVD version is chock-full of special stuff, so do yourself a favor and buy it!!<br />If you're NOT a sci-fi junkie, then it's still worth seeing, but don't buy it until you've tried it.  The special effects alone are worth sitting through this movie.  In fact, &quot;Bullet Time,&quot; the method of filming used in a few scenes in this movie, is now being used in many other places, including a TGI Friday's commercial, &quot;Scary Movie,&quot; and I've heard even in the new &quot;Charlie's Angels&quot; movie.  <br />This movie truly sets a new standard for the movie industry!
B00004YKUX|5.0|So I thought to &quot;know&quot; Cash for all my life (48).  A good singer, who very well transports that 'endless Highway' and 'far far west' feeling. But mostly commercial, and rather easy listening. Nice to hear every now and then in the radio, but I'd never had the idea to buy a CD.<br />And then, 2 Days ago, on my way home from work turning on the radio out came &quot;I see a darkness&quot; - as I found out later. I felt like paralyzed and immediately had to stop my car as I couldn't concentrate on anything else anymore besides LISTENING to this music. Something which never ever has happened to me before.<br />The guy in the radio then &quot;appologized&quot; for not beeing able to follow his usual menu of his programs - playing mixed tracks from all over the world, but he just had to spend all his time in playing this record. Only with some songs he played other interpretations - just to show the difference Cash makes.  I then ran through 8! record stores as I IMMEDIATELY had to have this record. Sold out everywhere. In shop Nr. 9 finally I got the last copy, and since then I'm hardly able to do or work anything. I just have to listen to it over and over again.  I have never heard any so intense music, which so directly went into my innermost kernel. Cash realy manages to pack all his long lives experience and feelings into these magnificent songs. He is like the best old wine money can by! I think this CD is about the best piece of all my &gt;1000 record collection which starts with records from 1920.
0805062971|4.0|I saw the movie (excellent film) before reading this book, and I was amazed a 2.4 hour movie was adapted from such a short book.  But when I read the book, I was impressed at how much detail Palahniuk was able to inject in such a short space.  I'm not usually fond of &quot;postmodern fiction&quot; like William S. Burroughs, late J.G. Ballard, or - God help us - annoying crap like Kathy Acker, Mark Lehrner or anything written by anyone who graduated with an MFA from Brown University and got published by Grove or Vintage.  But this is the rare novel where the style works - partially because the storyline itself is so strong and Palahniuk avoids sounding &quot;literary&quot; or pretentious.  This is possibly the best example of the avant-garde, underground style ever produced.  And it's very funny.
B00004X01U|2.0|Since her very first debut so long ago, I have been a fan of Madonna, but I have to say that I am disappointed in this album , as I was with Ray of Light. I wish she would come off of this electronic scenario. It does not suit her.
078401213X|5.0|From the trailers I knew this film had something that no other 'alternative' film had, namely: a complete vision. Not one of just a good story, cool ideas, nice visuals, but was well aware of the music and 'colors' and symmetry. Darren Aronofsky's debut film 'Pi,' based on the Greek letter and mathematical formula is a superb look into a genius' nightmare. Can we really call him genius? Perhaps, perhaps not, but he was teetering on insanity. If one is insane, I would hesitate to label genius on that person (more pressure). Although it looked at the religious aspect of numbers, it more specifically was about the Kabbalah in which, like the Greek letter system, the letters pertained to numbers. The Rabbis were, here, attempting to translate the Torah into numbers to attain the &quot;true knowledge&quot;, and then chasing our wizard around town. Likewise a powerful corporation is chasing him around with superduper high speed chips for his (commodore 64?) computer to punch out numbers faster in return of his work. Although I found the math part exciting, from Pythagoras to Archimedes and so on, they were small integrals to move the drama forward. What mattered mostly was the internal world of our friendly genius. A unique resolution to low budget film making it as stated &quot;When I was 6 years old, my mother told me not to look into the sun.&quot; He did! Everything went black, then white, then he regained his vision. But he could only see the world in black and white!! This is the key element in why he enjoys numbers because there are no grey areas (and!!) that the film is shown through his eyes, in black and white. Wonderful!!! What more can a film have? I regard this film as influential with a highly electrical soundtrack that pulsates with every frame that is (almost)rythmically matched to the intensity your heart will race as things rush on. Marvelously composed, this film is like a math formula that wants to be deciphered and is fun figuring it out. Highly reccomended!!mended!!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I am, and will always be a Beatles fan. In the 60's, I used to gobble up any and all releases, and even a &quot;Let it Be&quot; Bootleg in 1969.  The Beatles in 6 &quot;American&quot; years did it all and is well represented here. Of course, &quot;your favorite song&quot; was left out! But the BEST were left in.<br />&quot;A Hard Days Night&quot; in Stereo Mix is a must when I DJ oldies, and the reactions are always &quot; gee they don't play that enough on the radio&quot;.<br />I can list all as my favorites, and list many more they left out. Thats not the point! The next generation is here, and this more than represents to new listeners the music on the melodies that where the Beatles.<br />I was watching GEORGE MARTIN on TV yesterday, (Producer of the Beatles), and he tried to desrcribe what makes a good song, or melody, interviewing Brian Wilson, Stevie Wonder, and Paul McCartney among others. This album is a fantastic example of what makes a &quot;hit&quot;, a &quot;great melody&quot;, married with great lyrics.  The simplicity of the music is amazing yet no one could do it as well and they.<br />Recommendation- Buy it! For the price, the quality, and the amount of music, it can't be beat.  For what these songs mean to a generation, its priceless.<br />Now if Paul could issue a box set with a and b sides......
0060931671|4.0|Weird, weird, weird. But I liked it! Its not a jolting weird or an uncomfortable weird, rather a soothing, almost psychedelic weird that places you softly on the couch and let things roll over your brain. At first read thats what it will do, roll over your brain while you try to put the pieces together. For a large portion of it, the oddities of the characters and bizarre humor took me by surprise and in delight of what may happen next. At one point I am on the edge of my seat and other moments I am reclined not sure if want to find out. The few bits which ring out presently are some of the humerous touches that Thomas Pynchon creates. Its like a  subtle stylized humor (yet realistice in one manner), and one I have not come across in any other book; a scene that can be so vivid in my mind, yet the writing simultaneously elusive and seemingly vague. I am happy to mention and conclude that the title of the book is well explained in such a way that I found it profound. I picked up this book because of a suggestion by R.A. Wilson, which seemed intriguing, and also the length was more tangible than his milestone Gravity's Rainbow. I figure this might be a good book to start before I embark on such a mission to determine if I even want to tackle it. Nonetheless, the Crying Lot of 49 remains an enigma in my mind that is something that deserves to be read again to clear up the fuzzy spots. Reccomended for those curious about Pynchon without the weight of pages to sweat over. Also reccomended to those who are interested in conspiracy theories and the like.
B0000507R0|5.0|OK, I lied, I haven't heard this disc yet. But I was priviledged to hear the master tapes in the studio. It is shocking how clear this 27 year old analog stuff sounds; it cleaned up very well. The sound was simply awesome. It will be your system that limits the sound, not the source material.<br />This should be your first choice for a discrete-surround demo disc. It has been totally remixed from original multitracks specifically for DVD-Audio. &quot;Karn Evil 9&quot; is a textbook demo of what DVD Audio can do in terms of space. Sounds go back, forth, sideways, over your head, all over the place. OTher tracks use the discrete multi channels more sparingly, to accent the front stage. It was commented to me that &quot;there is simply more space to put more sounds into&quot; which is what I read in a Brian Wilson interview as well.<br />I could go on and on, but just buy it!
0140367357|5.0|I discovered this book in fourth or fifth grade and went on to patiently track down everything else by E. Nesbit.  Rereading it, I'm still struck by her boundless imagination, sharp wit, and dead-on dialogue.  The heroes of the story are real kids with real personalities - rare even now, much less in a Victorian children's novel.  Many scenes make me laugh even at the upteenth reading, such as when the kids have to think up &quot;Red Indian&quot; names on the fly and come up with Panther, Squirrel, and Bobs of the Cape Mounted Police.  I suppose some passages are a little sophisticated for some readers, but most kids today are already familiar with British turns of phrase through the Harry Potter books and should not have much trouble with this one.  In fact, I would strongly recommend Five Children and It to anyone who enjoys the Harry Potter books, as it offers a similar blend of magic, adventure, humor, and memorable characters.
B00003CXDF|1.0|Its just plain stupid. I got it out for the climbing scene, which isnt worth seeing and the rest is sooo dull. It takes itself way too serious to be worth seeing just for some   cheap action. Tom Cruise you are no Timothy Dalton and you cant direct to save yourself. <br />Eugh
B00004XOWM|2.0|To start off, most of this album just shows that Fred Durst has wasted a lot of his talent. The album lacks the emotional power that was present on Significant Other. Unfortunately, the songs on this album were quickly written and recorded, and it shows.  I really think that if Fred had actually sat down and put some effort into his songwriting, this could have been an awesome album.  Unfortunately, a lot of the songs on this album are just loud, in-your-face, lyrically unispiring and irritating. &quot;My Generation,&quot; &quot;Getcha Groove On,&quot; and &quot;Livin' It Up&quot; are just a few of these songs. But &quot;Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)&quot; is very catchy, and, like most of Limp's earlier stuff, is just plain fun to listen to. Whenever I listen to it, I just want to start a mosh pit and go nuts. But the real gold jem on this CD is &quot;Take A Look Around,&quot; which shows that when Fred tries, he can write a song that not only just plain rocks, but also has emotion and meaning to it. I think these two songs make the album something worth owning. Unfortunately, the other 11 songs where very dissapointing.
B00003Q438|5.0|The Abyss fell into the Abyss because it was chopped to fit the time length of movie theaters, making it another ho-hum trapped-under-the-sea flick, with some aliens.<br />When you finally see that the world is on the verge of nuclear destruction and that the ocean-bottom aliens are fed up, that the movie makes sense and takes on an entirely epic meaning. Now it becomes a GREAT movie.<br />There are 2 scenes in the movie that are noteworthy, one belongs as one of Hollywood's single most powerfullest, perhaps it is THE most powerful single scene ever filmed.<br />That is when Mary E. M drowns herself to save her husband played by Ed Harris and he wills her back to life in a flood of tears. This scene alone, even if the rest of the movie is truncated, makes it worthwhile.<br />But the director's cut then shows why later on when Harris dives into the Abyss--a metaphor on life----to deactivate a nuclear bomb with no chance of getting back before his air runs out, this is the second most powerful scene.<br />As Harris descends, deeper, deeper, Mary E. M in tears says goodbye to her husband.<br />The Aliens see this unselfish courage and love and decide to give mankind a second chance. I second the motion. Real people do such things in real life.<br />They call of their imminent destruction by tidal waves etc.<br />Buy the director's cut, watch the film as it should be seen and enjoy.
B000002MTR|5.0|If you don't want to read the whole long thing, this is the summary:   This album rocks hard, is experimental, and has some pretty melodies that'll lodge themselves in your brain.  It may not be the chili peppers you think you know, but I highly recommend it.  <br />Here's the long version: The album One Hot Minute is the only Chili Peppers album far removed from the ones before it.  The mood of the album is also very different even starting with the booklet, with fairy-tale like characters on each page, the songs written in calligraphy.  It's almost impossible to accept the album as another Blood Sugar or Mother's Milk by even looking at it.  A major factor in this is the addition of Jane's Addiction guitarist Dave Navarro, who added in many more special effects to the Pepper's sound than John Frusciante would've.  For the most part, John's guitar was usually either clean or slightly distorted, no wah-wah etc.  Also, there were always two guitar tracks causing a fuller sound.  For the most part, the album is hard rocking.  If a song doesn't start out that way, it makes the transformation somewhere in the middle.  The song &quot;One Hot Minute&quot; is rock through and through, along with &quot;Coffee Shop&quot; and &quot;Shallow Be Thy Game&quot;.  &quot;Aeroplane&quot; is a masterpiece, with a hard-driving bass line and powerful vocals.  &quot;Deep Kick&quot; shows how much the Peppers were willing to experiment on this album, featuring the tale of Anthony and Flea, spoken as if it were a poetry reading then making the transition to a real rocker piece.  &quot;Warped&quot; and &quot;Falling into Grace&quot; are filled with vocal effects.  &quot;My Friends&quot; has a melodic guitar line.  It slows down the pace of the album, but grabs your attention as the one acoustic piece, like &quot;Breaking the Girl&quot; on the Blood Sugar album.  There is, however, one more slow ballad on the album, the song &quot;Tearjerker&quot;.  The track &quot;Walkabout&quot; even hassome jazz undertones, mostly thanks to the wah-wah sounds of the guitar.  Flea sings one of the more attention grabbing pieces, \\"Pea\\", alone while he plays a simple bass line.  I promise you'll get it stuck in your head, but people will look at you pretty funny if you try to sing it in public.  Finally, the closing of the album, &quot;Transcending&quot;.  This melodic tribute to the late River Phoenix has a bass and guitar line that harmonize beautifully.  The song goes out with a bang, rocking along with the rest of the album.  I highly recommend this album; you will be drawn in by it.
B00003CXDU|5.0|Galaxy Quest is not just a comedy. In fact, its the FIRST movie since the early 60s Star Trek show to really capture the adventure of space travel. ALL of the other Sci-Fi movies since and before the original Star Trek show have failed to capture the spirit of adventure--think about it---Star Wars are really a war movie, where you have a narrow focus of getting from point A to B etc. All the others have a similar narrow focus and even the Star Trek movies could never quite recapture the adventure and mystique of being able to go anywhere in space and find things out...yet Galaxy Quest succeeds. How?<br />GQ does this cleverly by taking us, the cynical audience and placing us at a Sci-Fi convention where all our cynicism are showing, and then drops the bomb--what IF REAL ALIENS SHOWED UP? And this then propels us as we identify with the phony TV cast into a world of possibilities----and we are soon sweeping through the skies of space on a real adventure...[GQ succeeds] where ALL others have failed....
0441172717|1.0|Lot's of hype, good substance/plot/characters, but no suspense.  There is a lot to slog through and this book is slow reading.  I did have to put it down after ^150 pages because after a while, I just wasn't interested.  Who are these Dune cultists?  Living in a big city, I can't say I've met one.
1558216847|5.0|This book makes &quot;Into Thin Air&quot; look like a walk in the park.  I've read many &quot;adventure&quot; books over the past few years with stories of epic climbs, sailing trips, bicycle rides around the world and so on, and although all have been excellent books, they pale in comparison to this book.  Nothing compares to what the author of The Long Walk and his companions went through in 1941.  It also provides an extremely interesting/depressing inside view of the Soviet &quot;justice&quot; system.  Very highly recommended.
0880796863|3.0|This is the first Tarot deck and &quot;manual&quot; I've purchased.  I would not recommend it as a good single source for beginners.  The enclosed &quot;instruction&quot; book is far too small to read easily (it's about the size of a deck of cards) and the interpretations/descriptions are a bit short on many of the cards.  If you choose this as your first deck, buy a comprehensive book on Tarot reading as well.<br />The cards are very slick, and of heavy stock, making them a little difficult to handle for a beginner like me; though in their defense they are probably more durable because of this, and will last longer.<br />In comparison, I just bought the Celtic Dragon Tarot deck, and find the effort put into describing each card and its meaning much more comprehensive...still I'm sure that a comprehensive book on Tarot by one of the respected authors is the best step in learning to read any of the various decks.<br />My advice, for what it's worth is to remember that with any spiritual enlightment journey, each one's journey may take a different path, and be wary of criticizing how others go or of putting too much faith in the criticisms of others on any product in terms of its suitablity to meeting your spiritual needs.
B00004XONN|1.0|I'm sorry, this is so dry, and emotionless. Oh but wait! Let's see, if you liked this album I bet it was because you brainwashed yourself into believing it was good. On your first listen I bet you hated it. So you listened to it over and over against until you finally convinced yourself it was good. You see, die-hard Radiohead fans try so desperately to BELIEVE this is good when it isn't. Wake up and stop kidding yourself. If you want good electronic music try Samael. Radiohead were a good band before this album. &quot;Oh but it's creative!&quot; How so? Sounds like many other indie/electronic bands. (Godspeed comes to mind). Try Arcturus or Virgin Black for creative music. This is standard at best. <BR>This is just a solid stream of blurred, unintelligible words. I miss the Bends. I think everyone does but are unwilling to admit that yes, everyone has mistakes, and this is Radiohead's. I do give it an extra star, because of &quot;idioteque&quot;, a good song, but it's nothing like their other songs like &quot;Just&quot; or &quot;Karma Police&quot;.
B00000269G|4.0|Sure, you can't judge a book by its cover, but a CD? Viewing the front of Erroll Garner's 1955 &quot;Concert By The Sea,&quot; seeing majestic Pacific Ocean waves slap a Carmel coastline while a woman waves in triumph, leads you to expect grand semi-classical pieces tailored for the era's big-budget films. Or, worse, sentimental pop in the style of that era's top-selling pianist, Roger Williams.<br />But this Erroll Garner album remains among jazz's all-time sellers and critical favorites for avoiding such tendancies. Given its acoustics (it was recorded in a converted Carmel, CA church) &quot;Concert By The Sea&quot; is surprisingly intimate, energetic, witty, romantic; the concert you'd expect from the composer of the classic (but missing here) standard &quot;Misty.&quot;<br />Garner, with stellar (though barely audible) help from bassist Eddie Calhoun and drummer Denzil Best, weaves piano trills and walking lines like spider webs around familiar melodies like &quot;Teach Me Tonight,&quot; Cole Porter's lyrical &quot;It's All Right With Me,&quot; a swift &quot;Where Or When,&quot; and the delightfully drag-beat &quot;Mambo Carnival.&quot; He delivers funky, jaunty performaces on &quot;Red Top&quot; and They Can't Take That Away From Me.&quot; Only the oft-covered, overdramatic &quot;Autumn Leaves&quot; falls flat.<br />Garner's playing here draws effortlessly from musical styles before and around him: Fats Waller's Dixieland swing, Charlie Parker's bop (Parker played with Garner on &quot;Cool Blues&quot;), Nat Cole's cooler jazz piano, neo-classical and even R&amp;B piano sounds from Charles Brown and Ray Charles. Listen to Garner's rhythmic piano chording throughout and realize that he anchored his own solo piano excursions (and inspired the similarly inclined Dave Brubeck), in near rock-and-roll bass style.<br />Yet like the era's most beloved jazz stars (Ella Fitzgerald, Duke Ellington, Louis Armstrong, to whom he unfavorably compares his voice at LP's end ) Garner remembered to entertain as well as challenge audiences. He redraws the Broadway and show tunes here, but grounds them in stop-time dramatic endings drawing enthusiastic applause. An exuberant, gleeful performance by a master pianist and entertainer, &quot;Concert By The Sea&quot; is essential to any jazz fan and would benefit from the remastering, extra-track treatment given other classics in Sony/Columbia's legendary jazz catalogue.Garner remembered to entertain as well as challenge audiences. He redraws the Broadway and show tunes here, but grounds them in stop-time dramatic endings drawing enthusiastic applause. An exuberant, gleeful performance by a master pianist and entertainer, &quot;Concert By The Sea&quot; is essential to any jazz fan and would benefit from the remastering, extra-track treatment given other classics in Sony/Columbia's legendary jazz catalogue.
B0000019HU|5.0|Yes, it may very well be. Slint's second album achieves perfection. Every time you listen to this album you will discover something new.
B000000FG8|5.0|OpIv is the epitome of punk, and everyone knows it.  Even if you're only a moderate fan of punk/ska, get this CD; it'll have you hooked for sure.  Once I listened to it all the way through, I was blown away; these guys were teenagers, and they wrote better than a lot of bands who have been at it longer.  Matt Freeman was playing at his prime even this early on, and he still is.  I just wonder why Tim called himself Lint . . . but that doesn't matter.  GET THIS CD.
B00004ZD69|5.0|It's not really an issue which Godspeed record you buy: without wanting to say they all sound the same, each follows the same pattern. Pieces start slowly in washes of instrumentation and found sound, before settling into a softly repeated melody that builds to a churning crescendo before climaxing softly. What should be said is that GYBE! make incredibly beautiful music, startlingly sensuous when played at the right volume (which is loud - played quietly it is background music). I saw them playing at the Scala in London last night, where they were physically overwhelming. In such circumstances - a rapt audience listening to a perfectly controlled  orchestra - GYBE! make music of almost religious fervour. The nearest comparison is not to other post-rock acts, like Mogwai, but to church music. The guitars begin to sound like organs, the violin and cello pick out melodies of mournful beauty, and one's sense of connection with something - the world, God, self, humanity, whatever - is complete. Godspeed You Black Emperor! are fantastic. Buy a record, ant record.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I JUST NOW GOT PINKS CD YESTERDAY BUT I LOVE IT ALREADY. THE BEST SONGS ARE THERE YOU GO, MOST GIRLS, SPLIT PERSONALITY, IS IT LOVE AND CAN'T TAKE ME HOME TO MAMA. HER VOICE IS UNREAL. AND SHE CAN SING. NOT LIKE A WIMPY POP SINGER BUT LIKE WHITNEY OR MONICA. ANYONE WHO LIKES SOULFUL AND UPTEMPO SONGS NEEDS TO GET THIS.
B00004YA66|4.0|I love time travel stories.  In this one, nobody actually travels through time; rather, a father and son communicate with each other across the years.  Doing so causes some unexpected and tragic changes in the past, which they are then honor-bound to set right if they can.  I suspect that some mighty big plot holes would open up if I thought about this one too hard, but the basic concept is so appealing that I was willing to go with it.  There is also a good, solid human relationship story at the core of this science-fiction thriller.  A very entertaining film.
6305075379|4.0|The Australian dialog was dubbed because it was believed by the director that the Aussie dialog wouldn't be understood by American audiences. This is by far the best of the trilolgy. The leader of the motorcycle gang is absolutely frightening. I think the dubbing and the orchestrated soundtrack actually ADDS to the 'alien' feel of the movie. We are watching cultural shock where ANYTHING goes, and it keeps you on edge throughout the movie. FOUR stars ONLY because it doesn't include the original Australian dialog. The sequels are wannabes and don't deserve a SINGLE star.
038542471X|5.0|This is my favorite book ever. It's about a boy who sees a man commit suicide. This man happens to be a lawyer for the most famous case ever. A U.S. senator was killed and the body was never found. The lawyers client happened to be the person under trial for murdering this senator. He is also part of the mafia down in New Orleans. Before this lawyer kills himself he tells the boy where the body is. The boy (named Mark) then hires a lawyer to fend off the FBI from asking him questions which could end up in the mafia finding him and his family, yet he needs people to fend off the mafia who is trying to keep him from telling. This may sound like a technical book but it is much more of an action story. This is a wonderful book. I suggest you read it.
B00004ZB9D|4.0|Lenny Kravitz is one of the greatest artist around right now, except a lot of what he does is covers.  Don't get me wrong they are great covers, and are very wonderful to listen to, but I was hoping he would show case more of his original stuff.  The C.D is a great one to listen to in the car, but to look for a great original CD it's just not here.  Looking for a great cover of other songs, this is your cd.  I would give this CD a 3 and a half but since I can't it's good enough to round to a 4.
B000051VWW|2.0|I have been a Sade fan since her first album, Diamond Life, and what I have always loved is her sultry, international sound and soul filled rhythms. But Lover's Rock is a BIG DISAPPOINTMENT! I like only two songs, It's All About Our Love and By Your Side. The rest are dispensible. This album feels rushed. Like the band didn't have enough time to finish the songs. There are no layers of rhythms or beats that we have come to expect from Sade. The lyrics just don't resonate with me and that is something I thought I would never say about a Sade album. It all feels like a first effort. Something thrown together to meet a deadline. With a dud like this, I seriously hope it's not another 8 years before they come out with another album. They need to redeem themselves quickly.
B00004X01U|3.0|If you are a huge fan of Madonna, as I am, you will find this CD to be not the greatest of Madonnas.  Compared to Ray of Light this CD is quite lacking.  It has a few good tunes but for the most part I find I can't listen to the songs even half-way through.  If you can get past the first three songs the rest of the album is high quality.  There is just something about the techno in the first songs that strikes the wrong chord in me.  Madonna too a bad turn there but once you get to &quot;Amazing&quot; the album becomes bareable.  If you are a fan of Madonna the last songs make it worth the purchase, just don't go buying the CD expecting it to be the high quality of her last albums.
B000007ODL|5.0|I would venture to guess that more people know JJ Cale's work than have actually heard his own renditions.  Obviously Eric Clapton's covers of &quot;After Midnight&quot;, &quot;Cocaine&quot; and &quot;I'll Make Love To You Anytime&quot; and Santana's version of &quot;Sensitive Kind&quot; are well-known; I came to JJ Cale via way of Widespread Panic's covers of &quot;Travelin' Light&quot; and &quot;Ride Me High&quot; (from &quot;Troubadour&quot;).<br />This compilation is great from start to finish.  Cale is straight-shootin' and to-the-point.  Most songs clock in around 2:00, but don't think you're not getting a lot for your money.  With Cale, less is definitely more!  His vocal stylings (I would hesitate to term it 'singing') are raspy smooth and understated, his lyrics the counterpoint to a unique lyrical guitar style.  <br />&quot;Devil In Disguise&quot; sounds like what every Steve Miller song wishes it was, while &quot;Carry On&quot; conjures up something from Johnny Cash's part of the universe.  &quot;Rock And Roll Records&quot; is one of my favorite tracks on this disc; it is indeed a &quot;real, funky deal&quot;.  No mistaking that Cale is a 100% American original!
B000002UV1|4.0|Early on in their career, the Chili's were manic punk-funkateers, displaying their exquisitely tight chops at breathtaking speeds.  Later, they learned to slow the party down, the better to let the groove breathe and show its soul.  'Mother's Milk' is the bridge between these two eras.<br />Songs like &quot;Good Time Boys&quot;, &quot;Subway to Venus&quot;, and &quot;Stone Cold Bush&quot; best exemplify this.  They all display the boys' skill at creating beautiful syncopated rhythms, only they're played at a speed that negates their effectiveness (I also blame the flat production for this; Chad Smith's able drumming sounds like it was recorded in an airplane hangar).  If slowed down a bit, these songs would rise to another level entirely; some could even qualify for inclusion on the vastly superior &quot;Blood Sugar...&quot; album, where the grooves are slowed down and extra funky.  To an even greater extreme are &quot;Magic Johnson&quot; (with lyrics that name-check Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and AC Green) and &quot;Punk Rock Classic&quot;, where the lightening fast tempos are -- I assume -- used to ironic effect.<br />Songs like &quot;Taste the Pain&quot;, and &quot;Sexy Mexican Maid&quot; are more successful.  The former uses a lazy walking bassline and a spare, staccato guitar rhythm to great effect.  It ranks as one of my favourite Chili songs.  The latter -- even though it's a relatively bland groove -- also benefits greatly from the drop in tempo.<br />There are two cover tunes included here.  For &quot;Fire&quot; (the old Jimi Hendrix chestnut) they jack up the tempo (again), change the dog's name from &quot;Rover&quot; to &quot;Mr. Huckleberry&quot;(!), and generally do an energetic job of kicking out the jams.  It's short and not so sweet.  Their version of Stevie Wonder's &quot;Higher Ground&quot; begins with a monstrous slap-and-pop bass groove that literally rearranges my internal organs whenever I hear it, and descends into some tasty power-chord riffing. <br/>This album offers further proof for my theory that Flea and John Frusciante were born to jam together.  These two exquisite musicians know how to create a gentle groove together, make it move and bounce, and then change it up on a dime.  It's made all the more impressive when you realize that this is John's first album with the band (if memory serves, he's still in his teens!), and the band is still reeling from the death of former guitarist Hillel Slovak.  If I didn't know better, I'd think that Flea and John were twins, they share that kind of telekinetic connection.  If you don't believe me, take a quick listen to &quot;Pretty Little Ditty&quot; (king of the self-reviewing song titles), a minute-and-a-half long instrumental duet.  It also features some of Flea's tastefully simple trumpet playing (as does &quot;Taste the Pain&quot;), and makes me realize that the Chili's are the one band out there today who actually deserve a horn section.<br />Even with all the problems listed above, I still fish this album out whenever I need some energetic headbanging and funkatizing.  Just know what you're getting yourself in for.
B00000BKDY|4.0|I Find theme of the album cover discribes the music perfectly along preety much with all the other maiden covers the only thing that might be a turnoff for some fans is the keyboards, Synths, but it's still maiden in their prime so give them a chance.
B000003B6J|4.0|I wouldn't say that this is the best CD in rap history, but pretty damn close.  Stand outs on this Cd are:  &quot;Express Yourself&quot; (My personal favorite on this CD; Dre flows almost as good as Ren on this joint), &quot;If It Aint Ruff&quot; (MC Ren is at his best in this song), &quot;Gangsta Gangsta&quot; (as good as &quot;Express Yourself,&quot; (Cube is a lyrical genious), and &quot;Something Like That&quot; (Dre and Ren make an awesome duo)
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This album rocks must have for Iron Maiden fans you can say it's puting metal back on the map and metal is not dead by a longshot.
B00003CXE7|5.0|SIMPLY ONE OF THE BEST FILMS EVER.  I GROW TIRED OF CRITICS WHO PAN FILMS LIKE THIS BASED ON THEIR HISTORICAL ACCURACY.  IT'S A MOVIE PEOPLE.  ENJOY IT FOR WHAT IT IS.  RUSSELL CROWE TURNS IN A SPECTACULAR PERFORMANCE.  EVERY GLANCE AND LOOK TELLS THE AUDIENCE THAT THIS IS AN ACTOR IN A PART THAT WAS MADE FOR HIM.  WONDERFUL SOUNDTRACK FROM HANS ZIMMER AND BEAUTIFUL VOCALS BY THE SINGER OF THE DEAD CAN DANCE AND YOU HAVE A MOVIE THAT BEATS THE CRAP OUT OF LAUDED OSCAR CONTENDERS LIKE ERIN BROKOVITCH AND PAY IT FORWARD.  LEADS IN ACTION MOVIES RARELY GET THE OSCAR NOD BUT CROWE SURELY DESERVES IT.  ROMA VICTA!!!
0671015206|5.0|Then read this book. The most important lesson from this book is its dispelling the myth of what 'rich' looks like, and how the rich live. I loved the fact that the authors proved through numerous examples the simple mistakes we each make in allocating our resources, to spend rather than save, and the long-term impact those seemingly small and random decisions make in determining our wealth in the long run. No this book won't make you rich. In fact, its greatest truth is that there is no magic path....however, there are a number of things we can do each day, by living more consciously, that will greatly improve our financial security.
B000051VWW|5.0|She's better every time !! Everytime I hear one of her recordings it reminds me that there are fewer and fewer great artists around these days !! She is a true original with a original voice &amp; great song crafting.  Something we get less &amp; less of these days !!  Cant get enough !!    Thanks !!
B0000524CY|5.0|Many films that get the big studio reissue treatment come and go with ad campaigns that promise pristine prints, new scenes or new sound treatments. Some of these films are worthy of such reissues (i.e.,Star Wars, Taxi Driver), some others are nothing but hype (i.e. Blood Simple, Faster Pussycat). This past year, THE EXORCIST got the reissue only a true film classic deserves.  Missing footage that added texture to the religious ritual of exorcism were welcomed by fans of the film and of the Roman Catholic church.  But for my money, the eerie sound-effects enhanced by state-of-the-art sound-effects editing did it for me!  The treatment paid off in a big way for Warner Bros. too.  This 27 year old film outgrossed new movies that were up against it in it's rerelease.  One cant help wonder how Ellen Burstyn, magificant in this years REQUEIM FOR A DREAM got passed up for an Oscar in 1973.<br />With all the horror films that have come and gone, THE EXORCIST has stood the test of time and can still scare the pants off of the most jaded film goer.
B000002AT6|5.0|This soundtrack CD is another of my favorite examples of how you need not necessarily have to see or remember the movie to enjoy the music.  It's also the type of soundtrack which, after you have seen the movie, cries out, &quot;Listen to me!  Listen to me!&quot; whenever your favorite scenes in the movie cross your mind.<br />&quot;Legends of the Fall&quot; is the first part of what I call &quot;The Horner 90's Trilogy&quot;.  That is, three film soundtracks, all composed by James Horner, all sounding vividly the same in many places, all released approximately within one year of each other.  The other two parts of the Trilogy would be &quot;Braveheart&quot; and &quot;Titanic.&quot;<br />The music of &quot;Legends&quot; contains equal amounts of dark and light tone colors.  A soft, romantic melody (written and performed by Samuel for Susannah) and an equally beautiful main theme are used to underscore the sense of family warmth and importance felt by the Ludlows before the war.  Jay Ungar, famous for &quot;Ashokan Farewell&quot;, the theme from &quot;The Civil War&quot; by Ken Burns, makes a notable appearance on these tracks.<br />With World War I and everything following it, the music become distinctly darker, particularly the cues illustrating Tristan's behaviors and perilous adventures.  Take note, listeners:  Horner will do an excellent job of making you feel what Tristan (Brad Pitt) feels. In my honest opinion, this album is worth buying for Track 11, &quot;Revenge&quot; by itself.<br />&quot;Revenge&quot; is a pivotal point in the film.  Tristan is being released from prison for illegal transportation of wine during Prohibition and aggravated assault.  During their questioning of him the arresting officers fired some warning bullets into the air---fatally striking Tristan's wife Isabella.  While the music is playing, everything happens at once:  two government agents are shot, Tristan stalks and kills one of the officers who shot his wife, Susannah (Julia Ormond) struggles with the fact that even though she is married to Alfred (Aidan Quinn)she still loves Tristan, cuts off her hair----and shoots herself finding the pain of a broken heart unbearable.  Observant listeners will take note of the sound of this track to a simillar one on the &quot;Braveheart&quot; soundtrack, also called Revenge.<br />Bottom line:  this is a must for any James Horner fan, or soundtrack genre fan in general.  It's simply one of Horner's best.
B00004X01U|4.0|WHERE IS THE OLD MADONNA?  MADONNA HAS BEEN GIVING US HER MUSIC SINCE 1984, AND STILL SHE IS AS BIG AS EVER.  HER NEW ALBUM, &quot;MUSIC&quot; IS A COLLECTION OF SOME TECHNO MUSIC.  THIS IS THE FIRST FOR MADONNA.  THE TITLE TRACK, &quot;MUSIC&quot; HAS A VERY GOOD BEAT, AND IS ABLE TO KEEP YOUR ATTENSION THROUGH THE WHOLE SONG.  WHEN LISTENING TO A SONG, THIS IS WHAT I LOOK FOR. ALSO, MADONNA USES A NEW ASPECT OF HER VOICE, NOT ONLY THROUGH THIS SONG, BUT THROUGH THE WHOLE TRACK. THERE ARE SOME SONGS ON THE ALBUM THAT AGAIN, MADONNA WOW'S YOU WITH THE LYRICS.  SHE SINGS ABOUT EVERYTHING FROM DANCING AT A NIGHT CLUB OR, &quot;WHAT IT FEELS LIKE FOR A GIRL&quot;.  THIS RECORD WOULD BE JUST AS ENJOYABLE IF YOU JUST HEARD THE WORDS.  THOUGH THE LYRICS ARE GOOD, THERE ARE ABOUT ONE OR TWO SONGS THAT SOUND THE SAME, AND THEY ARE ALMOST ONE RIGHT AFTER THE OTHER.  MADOONA DID PUT A GREAT ALBUM OUT, BUT IT IS NOTHING LIKE HER MUSIC BEFORE.  WHEN LISTENING TO HER IT IS ALMOST LIKE A DIFFERENT ARTIST.  THE &quot;NEWER&quot; OF MADONNA MAY FIT BETTER WITH THE TIMES OF TODAY.
B000004286|5.0|&quot;Braveheart&quot; introduces us to the sounds of the Uillean bagpipes performed by Eric Rigler, who would be heard nearly two years later in &quot;Titanic&quot;.  Make no mistake; nobody but James Horner could have composed the music for this movie. He truly does an exceptional job of bringing Wallace's Scotland to life.<br />This is Part II of what I call the &quot;Horner 90's Trilogy&quot; since, if you listen carefully, you will hear many of the same tone colors and structures of &quot;Legends of the Fall&quot;, which Horner composed the previous year.  And as I mentioned in my review of LOTF, the Revenge track on &quot;Braveheart&quot; utilizes the same kind of haunting, suspenseful sounds---which leads up to William Wallace killing the man who killed his wife.<br />If you were enthralled by the intensity of the battles and want to hear what was going on in the background, you won't be disappointed.  And of course, Eric Rigler's endearing bagpipe theme will stick in your head.
B0000542DG|5.0|Saw this flick in the theater, some parts are so shockingly unexpected that several people screamed.  Excellent!
6304806426|1.0|The vast majority of you who read or write reviews of this movie are doing so to champion the English Patient, so vote no all you like to whether this review is helpful, but give it some thought.<br />There is no arguing with the epic cinematography involved here, but this is the classic case of style without substance.  When you get past the fancy clothes, there is nothing of redeeming value here. Style can create a substance in and of itself if it is done properly.  Take Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man, a post-modern take on the genre of westerns. Through the use of stunning black and white photography, a sparse soundtrack, and minimal dialogue, Jarmusch isolates us from the emotions of the characters because the characters are by-and-large isolated from their own emotions. The effect of the movie is to create a sense of detachment, where all that really remains is the impact of the images captured on film.  The movie hints at an objective view of humanity, one that does not pretend to identify or illustrate the feelings of the actors.<br />The English Patient errs terribly in the other direction. The film saturates us with the emotions of the characters. If you can pull back from the style that overwhelms you, you can see that the characters have become caricatures.  They are people obsessed with their own emotions. At best, the movie simply fails to create realistic characters who laugh, stumble, suffer embarrassments and occasionaly experience moments of inarticulation.  At worst, the movie has created characters that, if viewed independent of the pretty presentation, are self-obsessed.  The characters here are much like those of a soap opera, motivated only by comical lust and power.<br />I can see how the movie seduces the viewer, but I respect any person, professional critic or otherwise, who is willing to take a closer look.  A well-done movie needs to reflect something that is in all of us, regardless of the story line in which that something is explored.  After watching a quality movie, we should be able to ask a question of ourselves, or understand ourselves more completely.  If there is value in this movie, it should be recognized as pure entertainement, not art; something akin to the entertainment of an action-movie.  To be art, the artist(s) must appeal to something deeper. Art should challenge us, not appease us with a story that masquerades as a romance.
6305081751|3.0|I remember seing this tearjerker back in '85 on video only because I'm an Elliott fan, but quite surprisingly, ended up liking it. (-Mostly because it features Lynyrd Skynyrd on the soundtrack, actually.) A heartwarming story about the troubled life of a biker-mom (!) and her different son vs. the world. Though based on a true story, much of the action is naturally (over)played for dramatic effect. It's certainly Cher's finest moment, and Stoltz showed an acting talent he hasn't shown since. (-Apart from &quot;The Fly 2&quot;, of course.) Stoltz's friend by the way, is that annoying kid who got neck-knifed in &quot;Friday The 13th, Part 4&quot;. If you like movies that make you cry at the end and happy it's not your life, then you'll want this DVD for your collection.
0790729628|4.0|I had the rare treat of seeing the director's cut of this movie on the big screen a couple years ago, having chanced upon a limited time release. From then on, I was hooked!<br />I wasn't old enough to have seen the original theatrical release in theatres, but after watching it on video, I must say that the director's cut is the better of the two, even if the ending is less &quot;happy&quot;. The happy ending didn't seem to fit well with the rest of the movie's tone, which to be honest, had very little that was positive to say about the future of the human race. I find this approach to be more honest, serving perhaps as a veiled warning about the potential consequences of recklessly pursuing ever-greater knowledge and technology.<br />Personally, I found that Ford's narratives took away from the atmosphere that Ridley had so carefully created - dark, rainy, and very subtle, with lots of detail that is not immediately present (look carefully for the ad signs of non-existent companies - Pan Am and Atari, to name a couple) on first viewing.<br />I was disappointed that the technological capabilities of the DVD format were largely ignored, particularly where sound was concerned - with 5.1 channels of Dolby Digital to work with, they made little use of it. It would've definitely enhanced the film to become fully immersed in Ridley's dark, busy and at times jarring depiction of Los Angeles in 2019. There are also no &quot;extras&quot; - they could've included the European release or the original US theatrical release, along with perhaps some interviews or other items that are suited to such a long-standing cult classic. For these reasons, it gets 4 stars from me.
0399146253|5.0|Kay Scarpetta is back and involved in page-turning intrigue. Cornwell makes what can be called the mistake or progress of getting a bit more into character and less into plot. It depends on what mood I'm in when I read a book, and I was in the mood for a bit more of an introspective thriller, as this one was. So I really recommend it. It's probably the best thriller I've read since Craig Furnas' THE SHAPE. I was going to ask for THE LAST PRECINCT for X-mas, but I couldn't wait. I'm glad I spent my own money to get it early!
0805211063|2.0|I didn't really like _The Metamorphosis _ when I read it about 5 years ago so I thought it was time to give Kafka a try again.<br />Wrong!<br />If what he was trying to do was portray the hopelessness/uselessness of bureaucracy then he succeeded but the experience of reading the story was anything but enjoyable.  Everyone in the story seems to know about everything that happens in the book and they all take turns analyzing the situation(s) ad nauseum.  But none of the theories are ever proved true or untrue, and as many know, the story ends in the middle of a sentence leaving ABSOLUTELY no resolution to the problem.<br />I guess I'll wait another 5 years and try _The Trial_ or _Amerika_.
0767903854|1.0|I love Bryson's books.<br /> I discovered them by accident without having anyone tell me about them. I anticipate each eagerly. However, &quot;In a sunburned country&quot; was dissapointing. I thought it was because I actually lived in Australia that I might be a tad &quot;jaded&quot;. But No. From the clues in the book, it appears Bryson spent very little time actually in the country as compared to his  other books about England, US and Europe. Sections of the book could have been written simply by reading australian history and wildlife books. At times I felt his constant praise may have been  inplace of considered judgement as considered judgement can only come from being in a place a reasonable time to known what really is going on.  In his worldwind tour of OZ, he didn't go to Brisbane , Tasmania or Adelaide (?I think.). There are typically hilarious stories in the book (about 3) but the rest was froth and bubble written on autopilot. The book certainly was being sold at a substantial discount not long after it's release in Australia. <br />Sorry Bill, I luv ya mate, but I felt you just didn't put the full effort into it.
1573225517|4.0|High Fidelity is a hilarious and witty take on the single 30-something male with &quot;what's it all mean&quot; issues.  Full of biting humor and shocking realizations of what's really inside a man's head.  I happen to think this novel is the perfect insider guide for a female!  Other than that, it's refreshing and funny, wild and crazy, a delicious romp through the male psyche.  And Barry and Dick were like the best friends I never had.  I would love to hang out with THEM for a day!  Also, the movie is an excellent companion to the book.  It's almost word for word, and understandably so--there was nothing to change or perfect upon in this novel.  High Fidelity will have you falling off your chair laughing.  And I recommend watching the movie, too, because Jack Black is the perfect Barry.  A wonderful reading experience.
0679879269|1.0|I was so disappointed in the Amber Spyglass. Poor plot and character development, plus I hated the &quot;God is Dead&quot; theme. I loved the first two novels, and actually bought a the third in hardback cause I couldn't wait for a paperback. I am adult, and have read hundreds of science fiction and fantasy novels, but I would never encourage a young person to read this novel.  The anti-Catholic and anti-Christian philosophy was very offensive. I am so disappointed by the conclusion of the trilogy.
B000050XEI|4.0|We Enya fans having been waiting some time for this new album.  Speaking for myself, the wait wasn't exactly worthwhile.  After five years, I would have expected something fairly original, but that really isn't the case here.  &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is quite similar to Enya's other albums, and I certainly wouldn't argue that it &quot;establishes new artistic heights&quot;.  The title track of this disc resembles the title track of her first album, &quot;Watermark&quot;, so much that you may think you put the wrong disc in by mistake.  I might, however, argue that the three tracks &quot;Only Time&quot;, &quot;Deora Ar Mo Chroi&quot;, and &quot;Lazy Days&quot; have the capacity to carry this disc themselves.  They're quite good.
0515123447|3.0|Jack Reacher was an Army brat turned military policeman until the end of the Cold War brought on a peace dividend that included Pentagon downsizing.  Now he's taking some time to drift around the United States, checking out the haunts of old time blues greats, before he decides what to do next.  But the decision is made for him when he's arrested for murder in Margrave, Georgia.  He quickly proves to the black, Boston-transplant, chief of detectives that he's not guilty and prepares to move on, until it turns out that the murder victim was Reacher's brother, Joe, a Treasury agent.  Intent on revenge, Reacher starts digging, with the help of the Chief and a friendly woman police officer, and quickly uncovers a mammoth conspiracy as the corpses start piling up.<br />Take equal parts In the Heat of the Night, The Postman Always Rings Twice, Point of Impact and Rambo, give them a good shake and you've pretty much got this interesting, though flawed, debut thriller by a British author.  I saw flawed because the plot is simply driven by too many coincidences and epiphanies; Reacher makes so many intuitive leaps that it starts to become somewhat annoying.  On the other hand, Reacher is a likable hero and Child is clearly trying to hit a home run with this modern noir.  He started out in British television and his writing has a sort of cinematic quality to it, the book reads like a movie.  I'll give him credit for a decent first effort and assume the subsequent installments will be even better.  In fact, I've already bought the second book.<br />GRADE: B-
0671042858|1.0|Reportedly, King was heard coming up with the idea of this book on a Canadian interview during his BAG OF BONES book tour, where he talked about how he writes by expanding on a simple idea, such as a little girl being lost in the woods. He also reportedly wrote this story in between stops on this same book tour on his laptop. It shows. In a book about a girl getting lost in the woods, King never decides exactly how she gets lost, foreshadowing her as \\"stepping behind a stand of bushes\\" to take a pee, then describing her getting lost by going off the path, down a hill and hanging on to a pine tree(no stand of bushes mentioned). She's described as going a \\"little way\\" down a side path, but it's later revised that this \\"little way\\" down the side path was \\"50, 60, 70 paces\\", in order to make it more believable that she could get lost between the fork of two trails, which a \\"little way\\" doesn't accomplish.<br /><br /> Trisha, unlike almost anyone who has ever become lost, NEVER considers going back the way she came! At one point King, after giving Trisha the smarts to actually use landmarks to ensure that she is travelling in a straight line, apparently realized that she could easily use this sane, intelligent technique to send her in a straight line BACK THE WAY SHE CAME, and writes himself out of this difficulty by having Trisha run screaming like an idiot so that she can finally be believably lost. A major plot point is forgotten in Trisha's smashed Gameboy video game, a device which happens to run on AA batteries like the Walkman that Trisha depends on for spiritual support, and the reader waits in vain for Trisha to discover the batteries in this device, as the ones in her Walkman slowly weaken.<br /><br /> The most disturbing part of the book lies in what seems to be King's personal antipathy towards women in general, whether they are little girls or adult women. King seems to relish torturing Trisha endlessly with bumps, scrapes, mosquitos, wasps, hunger, and has Trisha peculiarly focus on her own sexuality in a way that seems way too adult for 9 years old, having her think of herself as a stripteaser, imagine herself as an exercise video girl [...], repeat sayings of her friend Pepsi such as \\"Utterly [...]\\", and at one point is described, from the narrator view, as being \\"breastless\\" for absolutely no reason I could fathom. Does King think little nine year old girls SHOULD have [...]? An extremely disturbing and jarring moment is experienced when the story suddenly switches away from Trisha to describe the police search for her, and bizarrely comments on how, IF Trisha has been kidnapped by a child molesting murderer, the police DON'T expect to find her [...].<br /><br /> His portrait of Trisha's mother is typically condemnatory, painting her as a hysterical witch who just doesn't understand how much little girls need their daddies, taking an apparent side with the alcoholic father, as being the more important relationship, and condemning her mother for her divorcing of the man.<br /><br />  This story was written on the fly, and apparently in response to Anne Rice's release of a slim novella in hardback format, that made King realize he could get away with a similar slim novella to fulfil his contract obligations. I would recommend that you read early King, before the alcohol&cocaine-monster got him, books such as THE SHINING, CUJO, SALEM'S LOT, THE DEAD ZONE. Anything from TOMMYKNOCKERS onward (with perhaps the exception of MISERY) is pretty generally crap. THE GIRL WHO LOVED TOM GORDON is just an example of King trying to make as much hay as he can while the sun still shines on his brand name, despite his total lack of interest in storytelling anymore, a state of mind he has admitted to through the fictional protagonist in BAG OF BONES, and hinted at in many interviews. Don't waste your money on THE GIRL WHO LOVED TOM GORDON, and be wary of anything he publishes from this point on. He's made it quite clear he doesn't care about quality, but will publish just about anything his brand name can be slapped on.e about quality, but will publish just about anything his brand name can be slapped on.
B000000OTY|5.0|I bought this album on impulse, pretty much because In Your Eyes was on it. I got home, popped it in the stereo and fell in love. I didn't take it out of my cd player for at least two weeks straight. From the dance-worthy &quot;Steam&quot; (I get weird looks from people in other cars when I listen to this because I'm always car-dancing) to the beautiful, haunting &quot;Blood of Eden&quot; this is a MUST-HAVE for any PG fan. Even if you're not a PG fan, buy it anyway because you will be after this.
0812551508|5.0|What can you say about Frankenstein? Mary Shelley was truly an inspiring author, she is probably one of the greatest authors of our time.  The way she described the monster, Frankenstein, and many other characters in the book.  If you have not read this book yet, you should be deeply ashamed, it taught me so many things about life and how precious it is.  Frankenstein is about a young man who creates a monster, the monster is very lonely and as a result begins to kill Dr. Frankensteins family and friends.  Loneliness can be a small thing to some people, or can be a big thing.  This is why we need to take part in the world today and comfort the lonely, sad, or self-distrout.  If we don't, there is no telling what may happen.  I strongly encourage every person to read this book, it will keep your interest going and I guarantee you won't be able to put the book down.
0452270073|5.0|\\"You must speak, but I shall not listen to anything you say.\\"<br />A Doctor who is engaged in helping a World War I Soldier to regain his speech makes this statement. For anyone who has read of this war, you may agree it was a particularly gruesome event, abetted by the latest in weaponry. This Doctor who is supposed to heal, has the medical ethics of a Mengele. \\"Regeneration\\" by Pat Barker is the first of three acts, that examine War, its advocates, the objectors, and groups that society continues to marginalize to this day. This book is a brutal assault; it offers no respite, no quarter to the reader. Some have compared her writing of War to Hemingway, a comparison to Erich Maria Remarque may startle some, but this woman's grasp of the war is remarkable. All three parts of the trilogy were honored with awards, the final volume with The Booker Prize.<br />Many of the players, locations, and events in this work actually exist or transpired. Part of the intensity of the writing derives from the impact only true history can make. The balance of the impact is due to Ms. Barker, and her skill of creating the sense of an epic in a scant 250+pages. There are no innocents in this book; guilt is another emotional commodity that prevails.<br />I don't know that philosophically a pro war book could be credible. Such a book could be written, and few will argue that conflict at times is inevitable, if only because it is part of our nature. What Pat Barker does is to bring back the horror of war without sanitizing or sensationalizing the events.<br />We no longer fight wars like the one that brought us Versailles. The barbaric behavior continues, but the exposure it gets to the public is measured. Death in combat has not changed. However if CNN were in the trenches I believe World War I would have been shortened. The infrared bombing that is more akin to a video game when watched does not have the impact of a soldier removing pieces of a friend from his gasmask.<br />Ms. Barker also writes about a variety of other social events/practices that are as contentious today as nearly a century ago. She examines the need for scapegoats when the truth is unpleasant. This ranges in her work from a German bred dog that is disemboweled for sport, to the issue of those who object to serve, and those that do, but under the double life of what we have named, don't ask and don't tell.<br />I have nearly completed the second volume, \\"The Eye In The Door\\", and I can say without hesitation, that if the discussion or graphic description of the subjects I have mentioned are not what you choose to read, pass these works by. If you can put her writing into context, and read through pages that will make some readers very uncomfortable, this is a phenomenal written work. I use the word uncomfortable not as a judgment on topics, individual's choices, or reader's personal views, rather only as an adjective that may apply to how some may feel.<br />I don't know how these grounds can be covered without discomfort. The writer chooses the degree to which detail is used. Whether it is appropriate or not, is an individual decision.also writes about a variety of other social events/practices that are as contentious today as nearly a century ago. She examines the need for scapegoats when the truth is unpleasant. This ranges in her work from a German bred dog that is disemboweled for sport, to the issue of those who object to serve, and those that do, but under the double life of what we have named, don't ask and don't tell.<br />I have nearly completed the second volume, \\"The Eye In The Door\\", and I can say without hesitation, that if the discussion or graphic description of the subjects I have mentioned are not what you choose to read, pass these works by. If you can put her writing into context, and read through pages that will make some readers very uncomfortable, this is a phenomenal written work. I use the word uncomfortable not as a judgment on topics, individual's choices, or reader's personal views, rather only as an adjective that may apply to how some may feel.<br />I don't know how these grounds can be covered without discomfort. The writer chooses the degree to which detail is used. Whether it is appropriate or not, is an individual decision.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I didn't get to see X-men while it was in the theaters, so when my husband and I bought the DVD, I was worried about a little something I like to call &quot;Overhype Syndrome&quot;: you know, when everybody you know sees a movie before you do, and they all tell you how great it is, and by the time you see it, you're expecting great things, and when you don't get them, you're all let down and ready to hurt someone. Well, I've read every review, and visited the website, and all my friends have seen it, and I was definately expecting great things. And I got them. I got them all. Every expectation was met. Not too much bad dialog to clog up the flow of the story, no drawn out mush scenes dragging down the pace. It was great. Cyclops was the perfect uptight geek, Jean Grey was appropriately Goody-Goody, and the best part, Rebecca Romijn-Stamos didn't mess up her part by trying to act. Sure, there were things that didn't follow the comic book (Wolverine was a little tall, and Rogue had a real name, and Storm wasn't claustrophobic), but none of it really mattered. The only really major change was Magneto's origin, but that was to make his reasoning look like more than just pure evil. Anyway, the movie was AWESOME! If you haven't seen it yet, see it. If you don't own it, buy it!
B000002ULO|5.0|Maybe it's because I am a relatively young individual who missed the Beatles' era by a few decades that this CD does not disappoint me. I actually do adore the Beatles' early work like Help and Hard Day's Night, but I also love this solo album. The first song is intoxicating to me... \\"Heaven on a Sunday\\" is perfect music for sailing on a sunny day with little or no wind.  \\"Calico Skies\\" and \\"Little willow\\" are soft and beautiful. \\"Great day\\" is easy to believe in with this album. It's fun in the booklet to see exactly how he was inspired and who he got to conspire with him on these songs. A neat set. Very summery.
6305508550|5.0|This great sleeper of a film had me laughing from the get-go. The characters are likable (well, some of them, the ones that aren't steal the show too :)), and funny, the one-liners are great, the situations hilarious. The adorable main lead and his two cohorts-in-crime are funny, witty, and, in some cases, sleepy! Let's just say it all starts with an innocent hypnosis session, and just goes downhill (uphill?!) from there. I don't want to give too much away, but it's a whole lotta fun watching some Slackers take over a tightwad office, and.... gasp!, getting promoted! To middle-management, no less!<br />Other highlights are as follows: Lumberg's (The Office Boss) oh-so-annoying &quot;mmm-kay's&quot; rival the teacher's on South Park. He is deliciously despicable, especially in one scene (ew!), which turns out to be fictional, but I won't get into that. Jennifer Aniston is sweet in her role as a waitress whose boss challenges her to wear more buttons on her uniform suspenders. Seriously! See, this film is *funny*! Anyway, it turns out Rachel, unlike some of her other &quot;Friends,&quot; makes good choices in movie roles. She's just great in this film. She under-plays her character to a tee. (See The Object of My Affection if you are a JA fan, she's wonderful in that as well.) (I goofed, actually Lisa Kudrow's films, Analyze This, and The Opposite of Sex, have been *great*... but I digress).<br />The way I see this film is that it is the best skit SNL never had. And, unlike many SNL skits, it makes a GREAT feature film. This film is completely fun to watch in a group, preferably with co-workers. If you work in computers, or any office setting for that matter, it's a must-see. The end will keep you grinning for a while after the credits roll. What's that Tom Petty song, Even the Losers...get lucky sometimes! This film, perhaps better entitled Office Space CADET! is definitely a keeper. I give it Five Stars, no problem. Enjoy!
B00000DHTF|5.0|All of it is good obviously, it is after all The Boss. My personal thoughts revolve around the fourth CD. I love it, it is awesome. It starts out rockin' with \\"Leavin' train\\" and \\"Seven angels\\" (which has always made sense to me). Then it goes mellow with the beautiful \\"Sad eyes\\" and haunting \\"Over the rise.\\" \\"Back in your arms\\" is incredibly poignant. So many songs that are worthy of the boss' image. The whole thing is wonderful. Sigh
6304938276|2.0|This sequel did not meet my requirements for a good one. It lacks good acting and suspense. I knew after the third killing scene who one of the killers was. It was obvious. I was bored at watching this movie. Scream 1 was A 5 star, this was just crap. Sorry wes, but you can do better then that. They were in too much of a rush to get a big load of money after scream 1. Scream 3 was the best trilogy ender in history, in my opinion. I would only buy this one to have the whole collection. There was really no plot at all. Like I said only, if you want the whole collection, should you buy this movie. Other wise, don't waste your time or money on this disapointment.
B0000028SU|5.0|This is the album that sits closely, but comfortably next to you in a booth in your small town caf. The title track sounds out the average American soul lost in the middle of life. It does not have any pretension, just an honest rather tristful attitude from the boss. Quiet and the most heartland of all his albums, true fans will find these deep tracks to be different but definitely on par with his popular sounds. I'm proud to bear this album as my nickname:)! Here's to the all-American boss.
B000002U9W|5.0|Having been a Floyd fan for nearly 10 years, I can honestly say I have heard all of their work and have owned every single album, including such gems as the soundtracks to &quot;More&quot;, and &quot;Obsured By Clouds&quot;.  I was introduced at the age of thirteen by a friend of my mom who had nearly every album on lp.  Instead of having to ease my way into Floyd, I started with nearly every album, including this one.  This one has always, in my opinion, been right up there musically with Dark Side, and is better than just about every other Floyd album.          At age fourteen I would have this album in my walkman on a plane, preffering it to the others.  The first suite is mindblowing, and contrary to what some might say, extremmely accessible.  Even at its most experimental, it is jarring and brilliant music, the most ambitous of Floyd's music, and a precurser to everything afterwords.  The &quot;Breakfast&quot; finale is simply beautiful.  the songs in between, especially &quot;Summer of 68&quot;, are standouts.  In fact, I still maintain that &quot;Summer&quot; could have been one of their most commercially viable tunes.  Just think, on this album you have a twenty minute symphony that is inspiring and totally has you hooked for every moment, Roger Watters at his acoustic songwriting best (&quot;If&quot; is the archtypical Watters song), a fine mellow Gilmour jam that is one of the most nostalgiac in the Floyd canon, &quot;Summer of 68&quot;, physchedic pop bliss with a Floyd edge, and a tour de force musical exposition to the breakfast musings of a band friend.  Note the dripping, a precurser to the later use of heartbeat on Darkside.  This is an incredible album.  At fifteen I listened intently to a twenty minute plus art rock symphony.  If this doesn't say something about how wonderfull this music is, I don't know what will.
B000002U9W|5.0|Having been a Floyd fan for nearly 10 years, I can honestly say I have heard all of their work and have owned every single album, including such gems as the soundtracks to &quot;More&quot;, and &quot;Obsured By Clouds&quot;.  I was introduced at the age of thirteen by a friend of my mom who had nearly every album on lp.  Instead of having to ease my way into Floyd, I started with nearly every album, including this one.  This one has always, in my opinion, been right up there musically with Dark Side, and is better than just about every other Floyd album.          At age fourteen I would have this album in my walkman on a plane, preffering it to the others.  The first suite is mindblowing, and contrary to what some might say, extremmely accessible.  Even at its most experimental, it is jarring and brilliant music, the most ambitous of Floyd's music, and a precurser to everything afterwords.  The &quot;Breakfast&quot; finale is simply beautiful.  the songs in between, especially &quot;Summer of 68&quot;, are standouts.  In fact, I still maintain that &quot;Summer&quot; could have been one of their most commercially viable tunes.  Just think, on this album you have a twenty minute symphony that is inspiring and totally has you hooked for every moment, Roger Watters at his acoustic songwriting best (&quot;If&quot; is the archtypical Watters song), a fine mellow Gilmour jam that is one of the most nostalgiac in the Floyd canon, &quot;Summer of 68&quot;, physchedic pop bliss with a Floyd edge, and a tour de force musical exposition to the breakfast musings of a band friend.  Note the dripping, a precurser to the later use of heartbeat on Darkside.  This is an incredible album.  At fifteen I listened intently to a twenty minute plus art rock symphony.  If this doesn't say something about how wonderfull this music is, I don't know what will.
B000002UR7|5.0|I bought this Album after I had bought the Bends, but before OK COMPUTER cam out. At first, other than Creep, I was hesitiant to listen to the album; THE BENDS seemed to have possessed me to an extent where I was frightened by giving it a listen I would damage Radiohead's credibility in my mind. However, that was to change. I was writing a piece of English work very late one night in 1996 (about 3-4am morning) and I had brought THE BENDS and PABLO HONEY down with me to play. I had listened twice through THE BENDS, and I thought I might as well give it a go, it was so late I wouldn't remember it too much if it was bad. But as the LP played I found myself just connecting with some of the songs. The next day I re-played the album, only to appreciate more of them than before. I was hooked. The sheer energy and vigor displayed along with hints of tragedy immpressed me. It now stands as one of the more important elements of my collection and what it lacks in experimentation it has in power. Just by listening it you can tell (maybe only in retrospect) that there was more to come. Blow Out is the perfect ending and just as good a piece as Street Spirit. Creep is by no means the best piece, though sticks out just for being 'that song'. It has also come to mean more to me than a record as well, it is part of my youth.
B000050XEI|5.0|Well like many of you I had been waiting for November 21st since it became official and before that I would seacrh the net for any inklings or tricklings of news regarding her newest release.<br />I was anxious for many reasons one of them being that what we would receive would be refreshing but different. The first track I heard a piece of was of course Only Time and I was floored BUT there were many similiarities to the songs Only If, and Anywhere is so I was curious how different the album would be overall.<br />Time went on and I eventually heard the entire song, Only Time and I was even more excited as I believed there was something laced in between the sweeping choral voices, something classical, something different, maybe more mature.<br />I started to really get into  this newsgroup and began reading some posts of fans who thought the song sounded like this or like but I  knew there was something more, similarities yes, but a subtle difference that would show itself when hearing the entire album upon release.<br />So, November 21st came and I was beside myself with excitement. I commute to to and from school and I had an hour before class to buy the album and give it a once over. Now I am guilty of getting myself too hyped and in doing so I am dissapointed in one way or another. Because of this, and after I bought the album and listened to it later that day I was dissapointed, not with the album but because &quot;That feeling&quot; was gone and waiting for the album was almost more exciting. So, I continnued to listen to the album the rest of the night, scared that maybe my love for Enya was not as strong or that maybe the album was not all that I hoped for.<br />Fast forward to early this morning. I woke up at 6am and had to get ready to catch my 6:50am train for the commute in. The sky was clear and upon sitting down in the train I pushed PLAY on my Discman.<br />What I heard while listening was not what I had heard the day before when I was overwhelmed with hype. Her gentle piano, surging in and out on the title track. One track led to the next [this is listen # 8 by this time] and I experienced Enya in the sunrise while the ghosts of the forest [Deer] krept in and out of the light of the ever rising sun. <br />Flora's Secret revealed itself to me along with Fallen Embers which I consider to be her BEST solo- non-choral work to date. The entire album enraptured me as listened and Enya said adieu with Lazy Days.<br />My journey with A Day Without Rain began tumultous and has ended in thinking that this album is the finest work Enya has produced to date. I was discussing with John Eckroth of [Shepherdmoons] and we were thinking that her first 4 albums were the growth of the rose bud but this new work Eny is in full bloom.<br />Enya has crossed over into a new territory with bits and pieces of her earlierwisdom woven hear and there, most notably Only Time and Tempus Vernum.<br />She has returned with the wind under her feet and the angels at her finger tips.
B000000W5P|4.0|As the 70's wound down, disco and punk music were the sounds du jour, going to a club had become an all night activity, nobody had heard of AIDS, the standard mode of dress was arguably as grotesque as it ever had been, and there was a huge party going on everywhere. At least that's the way I remember it.<br />The Rolling Stones were quite a few years removed from their last really great work, Keith Richards was staring life imprisonment straight in the eye, due to yet another drug bust, Mick and Bianca Jagger were on the outs, and every magazine you picked up contained a photograph of one, two, or all three of them attending some party, premiere, or otherwise notable event, looking wasted.<br />Amidst the confusion, Jagger and Richards were able to get their heads together enough to write and record &quot;Some Girls,&quot; an album that incorporated the big mess that had become their lives, and also an album that helped define the musical mayhem of the times.  There's no question that, above all, Mick Jagger has always been a shrewd businessman, and even with all that was happening, he obviously had his finger firmly on the pulse of the music - buying public.<br />&quot;Some Girls&quot; managed to ignite controversy as soon as it hit the racks, the title track's racy lyrics and the album cover providing that punch.  &quot;Miss You,&quot; the song that seemed to be playing every time you turned around, found the Stones venturing into the disco / dance arena, but armed (unlike the myriad of others who tried) with a song that had an edge to it.  Somehow, they made it work.  The song became a classic, not a relic.  The punk - driven &quot;Respectable&quot; and especially &quot;Shattered&quot; (&quot;go ahead, bite the Big Apple, don't mind the maggots&quot;) found the Stones in top shape, and, unlike many of the bands of the punk era, these guys actually knew how to play instruments.  What a novel concept.  &quot;Beast Of Burden&quot; and the band's cover of &quot;Just My Imagination&quot; became hits, although they were, in my opinion, two of the weaker tracks on the album.<br />I was happy to see other reviewers mention &quot;Before They Make Me Run,&quot; Richards' autobiographical tale of his problems with the law.  It is indeed a great song, and even more than that, it has always been an undiluted pleasure to hear Richards blow the dust out of his vocal chords and sing a little bit.  (His mid - 80's solo release &quot;Talk Is Cheap&quot; is proof that Richards has a respectable Rock and Roll vocal style).<br />&quot;Far Away Eyes,&quot; a song dismissed by a number of reviewers, is, to me, The Stones' brilliant satirical goof on both the generic country music style of the day and on media evangelists.  True, much of The Stones' early work was country - influenced, but not by the generic country style of the 70's.  Mick's way over-the-top vocals are hilarious, and the lyrics even better. (...all I had to do was send ten dollars to the Church Of The Sacred Bleeding Heart Of Jesus, located somewhere in Los Angeles, California and next week they'd say my prayer on the radio and all my dreams would come true.)  Jagger must have been laughing as listeners wondered why The Stones hadn't been able to capture the smooth, quasi - country sound of &quot;Honky Tonk Woman.&quot;<br />The remaining tracks are also solid, the band tight (Charlie Watts' drumming is particularly superb), the production and arrangements perfect for the sound the band needed.<br />Another interesting footnote is that The Stones, by 1978, were already considered to be among the old geezers of Rock.  Their time had come and gone, according to a lot of experts.  Imagine that - here we are, 22 years later and, while the albums may not be as frantically great as they once were, the Stones remain one of the few bands that can sell out a 50,000 seat stadium.  Not only that, but Keith still plays with the enthusiasm of a teenager who just got his first guitar, and heseems to be in pretty good shape, for the shape he's in.<br />&quot;Some Girls&quot; is not in the same league as &quot;Exile On Main Street&quot;, &quot;Beggars Banquet&quot;, &quot;Sticky Fingers,&quot; or &quot;Let It Bleed.&quot; Few recordings are.  It is, however, a strong album that captures, perfectly, a brief moment in time.e seems to be in pretty good shape, for the shape he's in.<br />&quot;Some Girls&quot; is not in the same league as &quot;Exile On Main Street&quot;, &quot;Beggars Banquet&quot;, &quot;Sticky Fingers,&quot; or &quot;Let It Bleed.&quot; Few recordings are.  It is, however, a strong album that captures, perfectly, a brief moment in time.
B000002GFC|4.0|CREAM was once a very influentual band, and along with the JIMI HENDRIX EXPERIENCE started the hard rock craze, that will become heavy metal later.If you want to resume the group ,this is representative of them, even if CREAM was always a live act , since the three of them were great soloists.I suggest that you buy also THE LIVE CREAM VOLUME 1 to really understand what they really were about.If you follow the usual rating game, you probably won't buy it.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney's &quot;Oops...I Did It Again&quot; is one the best CD's ever. If you thought &quot;Baby...One More Time&quot; was good, this one is 10 times better. There's something for everyone: fast-paced songs that make you want to get up and dance like &quot;Oops&quot;, &quot;Stronger&quot;, &quot;Don't Go Knockin' On My Door&quot;, &quot;What U See&quot;, and &quot;Can't Make You Love Me&quot;. There's also nice ballads such as &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot; and &quot;Where Are You Now&quot;. My personal recemendation is &quot;Lucky&quot;, it's a great song with a lot of meaning. Britney is an amazing singer with a super voice and just keeps getting better. This CD is awesome and I deffinetley recemend that you pick it up. It's well worth the money.
B00003CX7L|5.0|The computer-generated original was a hoot, but this sequel is surprisingly even better. Turns out Woody is a collector's item in Japan and is about to be shipped overseas when Buzz plots his rescue.<br />Unlike other kid-directed movies--stop blushing, Pok&eacute;mon--there's so much warmth and emotion here that adults will enjoy it as much as kids. It's filled with puns and satire and never lets up. Hanks, Allen and the rest of the cast reprise their vocal chores.<br />Knight is especially terrific as the evil Al McWhiggin. Disney wisely ponied up the cash to put this sequel, originally slated for direct-to-video release, on the big screen. It's millions well spent.<br />Buy this and let the inner child in you come out and play! An amazing piece of animation with a wonderful story.
B00003CXE6|5.0|Russel Crowe stars in this awesome epic of the late Roman Empire, and the treachery that riddled within it.  Crowe, stars as general Maximus, the dedicated soldier of Rome, ever ready to die for his cause.  Little did Maximus know that the emperor Marcus Aurealis had chosen him rather then his son to succeed him to the throne.  Once his son, Commodus got word of this, he immediatly killed Aurealis and attempted to murder Maximus and his family.  Eventaully escaping to become captured and throne into the colloseum, Maximus must play the deadliest game of all in Rome.  Crowe convincingly plays his part, making up for the small gaps in the plot that plaugue the film.  Also some historical in-accuracies but nothing as to deny the film of any points.
B00002RASO|5.0|I am not too fond of westerns. I only enjoyed the westerns of Terence Hill and Bud Spencer until I saw Sergio Corbucci's &quot;DJANGO&quot;. He is a mysterious stranger who enters the town dragging a coffin and riding no horse. He's the guy everyone loves to hate, seeing that he's quick with his gun. This movie is very gory &amp; violent, so watch it if you can stomach it. It's no wonder why it was banned in many countires! Strongly recomended, I rank &quot;DJANGO&quot; one of the best westerns along with &quot;MY NAME IS NOBODY&quot;, &quot;ACE HIGH&quot; and &quot;THEY CALL ME TRINITY&quot;.
B00003CX8I|2.0|A totally mindless film adaptation of Stan Lee's X-Men Comic book series.  This film had me pndering for hours why a director would destroy a perfectly good comic series into an hour and a half of endless idiocy.  The acting was fairly good to start, and the beggining looked almost promising, but then, it dropped off considerably once you hit the first action scene.  This movie may be based on a comic book series, true, but to make a feature length film out of people flying in the air and smashing each other is pointless.  The director did do a good job with the casting I must say though, Ian Mcklellan, and Patrick Stewart save this film from hitting rock bottom.
B0000542DG|5.0|I hated the ending, which you'll see if you watch the movie, but the rest of it is FANTASTIC!  Final Destination is definetly a movie that you don't want to miss seeing.  It stars Devon Sawa as Alex and some girl named Clear who with 5 &quot;friends&quot; survive a horrible accident.  The basis surrounds Alex's sudden knowledge of when people are going to die through logic, after he has a vision of a horrible plain crash.  Clear, his romantic sidekick, although they never &quot;officially&quot; get together, seems to be Empathic, and can sense his, no one elses, just his feelings.  Definetly watching!
0671798154|5.0|A great read, my first Thayer suspense novel, but not my last.  I was impressed with Thayer's ability to develop so many tightly written characters capable of drawing the reader into their lives and into the action.  Not a wasted word in this crisp WWII Nazi thriller.  The dialogue was tight, the characters well developed and the &quot;hero&quot;, Jack Cray while relentless and ruthless is also honorable and noble--not an easy task to wrap into one character and still make him believable. Thayer did an excellent job!  Put this on your &quot;to read&quot; list.
0375501851|5.0|Has its flaws (minor) as one would expect from a first novel by a very young writer, but overall a compelling well-written and hard to put down read.  American readers will not be unduly confused by the parochial references to parts of London and the social aspects of English life.  Strong characters, very well written.  Implausable plot, but so what?  Most of all, it is FUN to read!
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya's newest release, A Day Without Rain, certainly contains the rhythm and sounds we've all come to love from her.  After waiting quite some time for a new release, this meets all my expectations.  The sensuality and fluidness are engrossing.  Tracks 2 (Wild Child), 3 (Only Time), 10 (One By One), and 11 (Lazy Days) are exceptional.  My only complaint is that the CD could be a little longer, coming in at 34 minutes and 20 seconds.  That aside, welcome back, Enya.  We missed you.
0790737302|5.0|Although there are many who feel the ending hurt, with thought there couldn't have been another. A beautiful movie full of love and very touching. But it will bring a tear.
B0000541AM|5.0|This is the greatest movie ever!!!  Today's movies are cought up in suprise and Irony, this movie is a straght foward action movie with a great cast and an even better plot.  From the opening scene at the Wonder Wheel to the final scene at the Coney Island beach, this work of art takes you on a wonderful ride that lets you see how NYC looked and feeled in the late 70's.  I saw this movie for the first time when I was 10 or 11 and it has remained one of my top 10 movies of all time.  If this movie was made today the leader of The Rogues would have had some over explained motive for blaming the Warriors for killing Cyrus.  Today they would have had the leader of the Rouges a person that was not let in the Warriors, or that was kicked out of the gang or something like that.  Thank the stars it was not made today, his reason for blaming the warriors is simple like the movie, &quot;I like doing things like that.&quot;  There are other great quotes from the movie, &quot;There just a bunch of Wimps.&quot;,  &quot;For What!&quot;, &quot;Hay Boppers.&quot;   If you like this movie watch Escape from New York!!!!   By the way a certin... player who won the world NBA championship series, said to the crowd at the parade, &quot;Can you dig it!!!&quot;  And the ... TV ads are a complete rip-off of the DJ in the Warriors. I have see this movie over 100 times and I will never grow tired of it.  I make all of my friends watch it and they all have loved it.  I can not wait for it to come out on DVD, I hope it has alternate scenes and a director's Commentary. Someone said that Geddy Lee from rush was in the movie can you tell me what scene, I love Rush.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|Why are there so many Beatles compilations ? Because it's a near-impossible task to sum up their work on a CD or two. Remember the proliferation of vinyl compilations from the 70s and 80s - the Red and Blue albums, &quot;Love Songs&quot;, &quot;Rock &amp; Roll Music&quot; etc? <br />&quot;1&quot; manages to squeeze all their UK and US Number One singles on the one disc, a vast improvement on the somewhat poor value for money of the Red and Blue albums on CD, as the 2 discs of the Red album could have fitted on a single disc anyway.<br />Whatever they choose, someone is going to grumble about what has been omitted, but they have been consistent with their theme of choosing the Number One songs from the most widely accepted charts of the US and the UK. It's true that &quot;Please Please Me&quot; was Number One on some British Charts, but not on the Record Mirror chart most accepted as definitive now. It's true that &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; could be considered eligible by virtue of it being a double-A side with &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, but this double-A single was not a Number One in the UK (not in the &quot;official&quot; charts anyway). In the States, the A and B sides got separate chart rankings on Billboard based on some mysterious process of divining which song the customer buying the single actually liked the best. &quot;Penny Lane&quot; was a Number One, whereas &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot; peaked at Number Eight. Who knows how or why...?<br />So, &quot;1&quot; is as good as you're going to get, compiling via rules, rather than someone's personal choice. Maybe... &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot; could have been squeezed in by fading a few songs early - &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;, &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot;, &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot; and &quot;Hey Jude&quot;, but that would be cheating I guess.
B00004XPOZ|5.0|There are things in life which most of us simply shouldn't have to live without, running water, electricity, underwear and the Star Wars trilogy. It boils down to a simple fact. This is the most incredible trilogy ever made, with special effect which WERE way ahead of their time, a quality cast and a compelling story. True there is nothing special in this release, but it was never intended that we all buy 3 copies of the trilogy. This is a great chance for those who have missed out in the past to own a milestone of movie history. Have to agree with the others though, the DVD is long overdue.
6305265488|5.0|This is the best live-action film made since &quot;The Princess Bride.&quot; Full of exquisite costumes and wonderfully exaggerated characters, this tender tale with have you laughing and crying throughout. Like &quot;The Princess Bride,&quot; you'll catch new jokes every time you watch it. Give it a try! You'll be surprised how much you enjoy it!
B000002LJA|5.0|I'm not an R&amp;B fanatic, but the infectious rhythms and soulful  melodies of Quincy Jones' &quot;Back on the Block&quot; really won me over. As wildly eclectic as the all-star lineup on this 1989 release is (Ice T, George Benson, Big Daddy Kane, Barry White, Ella Fitzgerald, Bobby McFerrin and Miles Davis, just to name a few), &quot;The Dude&quot; masterfully unites this diverse armada of talent into a singular, powerful force of music. Ray Charles and Chaka Khan team up for a rousing remake of &quot;I'll Be Good to You&quot; that's sure to put a grin on your face and a kinetic kick in your booty; and a full-powered rendition of &quot;Birdland&quot; is a fitting tribute to the giants of jazz and how their contributions have fueled the ongoing evolution of hip-hop, rap, and other black-influenced genres. Best of all, the album closes with &quot;The Secret Garden (Sweet Seduction Suite),&quot; a beautifully sensual ballad that's custom-made for unplugging the phone, turning down the lights and ... well, you get the idea. Kudos to &quot;Q&quot; and his all-star crew; this &quot;Block&quot; is a special place you'll want to visit again and again.
0486282112|5.0|In her classic novel Frankenstein, Mary Shelley creates a fascinating, thoroughly engrossing story about a young scientist who gives life to an inanimate creature. Through their relationship, Shelley explores the pinnacle of human achievement and at the same time the depths of degradation.<br />It is difficult to precisely define the relationship between Frankenstein and the monster because Shelley presents the dynamic combination of a father to a son, a creator to a subject, a master to a slave and vice versa. Their relationship seems to evolve through time and through their associations with each other. Initially, when the monster confronts Frankenstein, we witness the creator/creation perspective. &quot;Yet, you, my creator, detest and spurn me, thy creature, to whom thou art bound by ties only dissoluble by the annihilation of one of us. You purpose to kill me. How dare you sport thus with life?&quot; In this exchange, the monster accuses Frankenstein of rejecting his own creation, but more importantly, he claims kinship with his creator, resolutely binding himself to Frankenstein and compelling Frankenstein to confront his own deeds and the consequences of his actions. It seems as though the monster is more aware of responsibility and devotion of one creature to another than the scientist. When the monster begins to describe his experiences with life, new sensations with nature, his fears and trepidation about associating with humans, his very survival against all odds, he takes on the role of a lost child. The relationship between Frankenstein and the monster resembles that of a father to a son, albeit a father who has neglected the parental responsibility to love, nurture and care for his offspring. The relationship even resembles that of a mother to a son, but in this context, it is Mary Shelley who is the creator of the monster through her incredible imagination. Shelley stirs our sentiments as readers, compelling us to feel for all the characters involved in this gruesome and powerfully moving story.in this gruesome and powerfully moving story.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Unless you have been living in a cave for the last four years, you will know who Marilyn Manson is. This album is one of the best albums I have EVER listened to, and a nice change from the school yard type style of Manson's first album &quot;Portrait Of An American Family&quot;. Some of the best songs on ACSS include &quot;The Reflecting God&quot;, &quot;The Beautiful People&quot;, &quot;Man That You Fear&quot;, and of course &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot;. This album is a most have for any Manson fan, or any fan of hard rock.
031286504X|5.0|According to Webster's New Collegiate Dictionary:<br />legend: &quot;1a. a story coming down from the past; esp: one popularly regarded as historical although not verifiable. b: a body of such stories c: a popular myth of recent origin d: a person or thing that inspires legends&quot;<br />A classic story about vampires conquering the human race, and the last (maybe?) human battling it out against the monsters. The story is riveting for several reasons. The persistence and continuously hard-fought survival of the human compelled me to cheer and root for him throughout the novel. His emotional turmoil and reflections about society draw me into the book and make me feel sympathy and a great deal of fear for him. The story is written so well, with the ever-present question looming over the main character and always in the minds of the readers: is he the last one? If he is the last one, and he dies, does the human race essentially become a legend; that which exists only in popular myth...that humans existed once but that such truth is not verifiable? Does the protagonist essentially become a legend as the last of his kind, living out his days as an inspiration to others?
B00000AFGM|5.0|Manson shocks us once again with &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot;. After the release of the &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot; in 1996, most Manson fans figured that the his next album would use the same attitude, and character that was introduced in 1996, however Manson surprised everyone with the glam character in the album known as &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot;. The songs are very good, the whole album is a work of art. Some of the best songs on the album include &quot;Great Big White World&quot;, &quot;The Dope Show&quot;, and &quot;Coma White&quot;. I suggest if you are a Manson fan, or a person just looking for a new type of music, I strongly recommend this album.
0790730960|4.0|Compared to `Batman' this film feels a lot closer to Tim Burton's favoured style, darker in atmosphere, less commercial and deeper.  Here he has been let loose with the source material and turn it into his own.  Purist Batman fans will doubtlessly be outraged as Burton changes the histories and personalities of the two main villains, Catwoman and the Penguin, but - since I'm not a Batman fan - this is probably the only `blockbuster' that I really like.  This is due the changes Burton has made, making the Penguin a character to empathise with, his cruelty arising from the cruelty he has suffered himself and Catwoman a lonely, geeky secretary before her transformation.  This is an action film with a dark core, where the line between good and evil is fuzzy, the protagonist is brooding and emotionally stilted and there is no happy ending.<br />   There are good performances all round, the grossly sympathetic Penguin played without vanity by Danny DeVito, likewise Michelle Pfeiffer's frumpy secretary / sizzling Catwoman and Christopher Walken, perfect as the `respectable' power greedy psycho Max Schreck, all overshadowing the slightly inferior Michael Keaton as Batman, though I think this is200 only because he has the least interesting part in the film.      The thing that lets this otherwise flawless film down is the script.  Mostly it is more than adequate, but occasionally it slaps on clumsy uninspired lines.<br />   The extras are insulting.  There are cast notes.
B00000IAU3|5.0|OK, let me clear this out first: before this eminem-stan-hype thing, I have loved her music: the roswell theme song, being sampled in Sliding Doors &amp; If These Walls Could Talk 2, used as a promo music for Once and Again, and just recently, soundtrack for Bounce. So, I have liked her before all this hype. Anyhoo, I'd recommend this to everyone, BUT, if your type of music is Rock, hip-hop or something loud like that, this is not the CD for you ;) It's a very mellow sounding album, and it's best to listen to if you just wanna chill and de-stress :)  My favorite songs would be: Thank You &amp;  All You Want, but really, I liked them all. You can really hear that a lot of effort has been put in EVERY song. The best thing about this is, that she wrote/co-wrote ALL these songs! Now that's what I call TALENT.  <br />But whatever your type of music is, this one's definitely for everyone. And for those of you who think Dido's just riding along Eminem's fame to get famous: uh..no.  She actually has the talent to back all the publicity up; not just hype :)
0785787135|5.0|Bradley says she wrote this saga in an attempt to explore women's contribution to religion.  She does this, and a whole lot more, by exploring the lives of the women behind King Arthur's throne. <br />This was the first book that I read on the relgion of the pagan celts and I was fascinated from the start.  She does such a wonderful job of comparing and contrasting Christians and Pagans, I feel empowered.  I couldn't put it down, it was like an addiction.  The things this woman considers and explores make me want to float above myself, it's wonderful.  <br />I guess my favorite part of it, though, is not the ideas that obviously went into it, but the way she paints characters on the page.  All of them are so human, and I feel that I love them all, watching their struggles and triumphs.  It's all in here, guys:  body politics, romance, environmental ethics, alternate realities, magick theory, feminist theory, and sex.  It's a gem.  More like a hydrocube, actually, because it hits home on so many levels.  Please read this book, my friends, it will change your life.
0060920432|5.0|First, the name is pronounced chick-sent-mih-high. And it is worth remembering because this is one book that will probably be around in 100 or 200 years. It is that important. Certainly, it is one of, if not the most important books in the positive psychology field. The author has spent his life researching the Flow state, and in the process,  has inspired hundreds, if not thousands of other researchers to further pursue this profound, yet simple concept.<br />Flow is a state that artists experience when they are feeling in the groove, when time seems to just fly and the &quot;work&quot; seems to soar.<br />One key ingredient of flow is a challenge that can be reasonably responded to with existing resources. That tells us that it is important, if we are going to achieve Flow States, to challenge ourselves regularly.<br />The book walks the reader through some of the basic research and then, to conclusions about how this amazing concept affects us all, and how it affects people who insist on finding the flow in their lives.<br />I discovered MC's work about 12 years ago, and while working on a book titled THE HAPPINESS RESPONSE, had my first conversation with him. He's one man who walks the talk-- kind, accessible. His book opens a door to a new way of thinking about living, about psychology, and it has had a major role in the development of the field of positive psychology. Matter of fact, if you are interested in positive psychology you absolutely must have this book.<br />If you want to get a handle on some concrete aspects of finding more meaning in your life, on specific strategies for feeling more alive, then read this book.<br />In my lectures and workshops, I present the Anatomy of Positive Experience. One key element is the optimization of the moment-- Once you realize you are having a positive experience, there are many strategies you can use to make the experience longer, stronger, deeper, more meaningful, shared with someone you love, etc. This book gives you many specific ideas on how to do just these things.<br />In the annual meeting I organize, The Optimal Functioning and Positive Psychology Meeting, it is common for trainers and researchers to describe how winners stay in the moment to perform their best. Flow is about the same phenomenon. But not just about winning, it's also about the little moments too.<br />You don't have to paint a masterpiece or climb a mountain to find flow. Just stretch a little. And this book and MC's other works help you learn HOW to stretch so you feel the FLOW.  This is one of those books I've recommended to hundreds of people. Try it. You won't go wrong.you many specific ideas on how to do just these things.<br />In the annual meeting I organize, The Optimal Functioning and Positive Psychology Meeting, it is common for trainers and researchers to describe how winners stay in the moment to perform their best. Flow is about the same phenomenon. But not just about winning, it's also about the little moments too.<br />You don't have to paint a masterpiece or climb a mountain to find flow. Just stretch a little. And this book and MC's other works help you learn HOW to stretch so you feel the FLOW.  This is one of those books I've recommended to hundreds of people. Try it. You won't go wrong.
B00000DFSK|5.0|U2, quite possibly the greatest group of all time, putting out an album of their best work from the decade which got them where they are today.  When I saw this cd by chance in a store, I just about flipped.  Don't get me wrong, I am by nature the guy who likes to listen to the tracks on a cd that never make it to a single, so I don't normally go for a &quot;best of&quot; when I see it.  This was just to great to pass up though.  If you were &quot;ever&quot; a U2 fan, buy this one.
B00000AFDW|2.0|Because of the fanatical loyalty of their fans, KISS has magaged to remian popular all these years despite their devolving musicianship. I used to be one of their greatest fans, but &quot;Psycho Circus&quot; is nothing compared their earlier work. I believe this album is nothing more than a huge cash cow. KISS was an inspiration for an entire generation of great rock bands, but those days are gone, and &quot;Psycho Circus&quot; proves it. Ace and his old band is the only hope KISS fans have. I hope he gets back with them soon...
B00004WEJZ|4.0|In 1983, millions of 007 fans were pleased and amazed that a new Bond movie was coming: With Connery in it! Although basically a remake of Thunderball, Never Say Never Again had its twists and turns.  It's also now an OFFICIAL James Bond film!  It's a great film, a Bond fan MUST-HAVE!!
B00000JGHM|5.0|Simply one of the best movies of all time. Outstanding storyline,  brilliant acting, superb cinematograpy and spectacular soundeffects along with the best directed and edited shootout ever caught on film. Every minute worth watching and highly recommended. A must have!
0880389052|5.0|Let me just say, GET THIS SERIES!!! A very interesting story line and even more interesting characters make these books the best.The troubles in Menzoberrranzan make you wonder how anyone ever survives their long, long lives thier. Wars between houses and persons, father and son, keep the story interesting. I wanted 10 stars but it wasn't allowed. I'm doing it anyway! **********
B0000009SI|5.0|Maybe so. It is also probably his best band. FZ has often said that music shouldn't get in the way of good lyrics. He has also practiced (though not explicitly said) the opposite. This album is the exception. The two combine in a way rarely found: Humour and some of the most sophisticated music you're ever likely to hear come together here. I have a real problem if I have to compare this album to &quot;we're only in it for the money&quot; or &quot;200 Motels&quot; or &quot;Live in New York&quot;, or &quot;Hot Rats&quot;. But it may just be the best. I dicovered FZ through this album when I was 15. I have never looked back since.
B0000507UD|4.0|I believe that this c.d. is awesome and is one of my favorites. I like just about every song on the album and it's a good c.d. to put on and just let it play. I like rock and rap and it was mixed in this c.d. and I liked it alot. There were many different kinds of songs on the c.d.. I would just like to say that it is is a great c.d. and hope the next one is to in &quot;my generation&quot;.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The virtues of the film have been extolled at great length in previous reviews, so I shall here instead praise the greatness of the DVD. It is a dual-disc release, the first disc containing the film itself, and the second disc all the &quot;extras.&quot; And, true to any Ridley Scott outing, the extras are there in great abundance. The second disc contains almost 2 hours worth of very well done documentary (nearly 1 full hour on the history of the gladiators of the Roman Empire, 1 half hour documentary on the filming of 'Gladiator,' and 1 half hour documentary on the scoring of the film which is itself worth buying the DVD for). Other features include story-board, stills from the film and cast/crew, the diary of someone who worked on the film which was written during production, production notes, deleted scenes and other goodies. Other films have far, far less for twice the price. The 'Gladiator' DVD is, in my opinion, the perfect example of why I love the DVD format, with its ability to contain more information and features. In this case, it helps to flesh out the experience of Ridley Scott's truly brilliant film, making it even more exciting and moving. It is a must have in any DVD collection.
B000002UAO|5.0|This is a must have album for any serious Beatle and/or music fan.  The Beatles were just beginning to start an amazing streak of great albums with this release.  Great songs one and all on this CD.  I purchased this CD 2 days ago and I cant stop listening to it!  What fun!  Experience the Beatles all over again get this CD!!  You wont regret it!
B000001C6M|5.0|what more can i say, i love this. Its not slayer's best album, but its definately a step in the right direction. Black magic and  Metalstorm/face the slayer are two of slayer's best earlier songs. Contrary to the other guy who called '85's hell awaits &quot;worthless&quot;, i actually think that is their best album, i listen to it every ... day, its still ... scary ad far from &quot;worthless&quot;.........this is like slayers 4th best album, and i think all their stuff deserves *****. The sound is great, and lombardo's drummings awesome too, so put this in youre collection.
B000002505|3.0|This work features a Santana with a more refined techinque complete with its racing flurries of notes, and Mclaughlin with an overpowering authority over his instrument, fortunately Mclaughlin is generous when he could easily take over.The opening tune is an interesting mantra of trading solos in pursuance of creating a spiritual environment for the rest of the album.The reading of Coltrane's Naima is acoustic and quite beautiful. However tunes like the The Life Divine and Let us go into the house of the Lord tend to become extended exercises for endless soloing ,the intesity is there but it would have been more effective if the length was reduced.So what you have is basically an interesting album that comes off as more novelty than serious work of art.Concerning the Zappa remark of Santana's technique,I believe it wasn't criticism but complementary towards the efficientcy of Santana's technique, that he gets to express himself so completely with a limited approach.The problem with Santana is does he want to be a creative musician, or a great guitar player? Zappa was a creative musician and a great guitar player.
0780626478|4.0|When Brendan Fraser uttered those words during the playing of a Perry Como song, I almost lost control.  His facial expressions are a riot, and really make the film complete.<br />Blast From the Past is just pure humorous entertainment.  Not only is the stroyline funny, but the reading-between-the-lines and subtle dry humor is fantastic.  The whole plot just flows so well, making for a very enjoyable viewing experience.  On top of it all, the film has a pleasant underlying message, stressing good family values.  <br />Fraser is terrific in his role as the naiive Adam Webber.  Despite his tremendous acting ability, Fraser's facial expressions easily steal the show.  He, hands down, makes this role happen.  Alicia Silverstone is the perfect compliment to him in this movie, and it is refreshing to watch her character develop over the course of the story.  Dave Foley has always been great in comedic roles, and the part of the gay room-mate seems to have been made for him in the film.  Sissy Spacek and Christopher Walken as Adam's parents are amazingly funny in their seemingly unusual roles.  On the whole, the acting in the movie was nothing less than spectacular.<br />Blast From the Past is a wonderful film to gather the family around.  It's incredibly humorous, and has a very positive message.  This film will leave you feeling good.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game was the first book of Orson Scott Card i read.  I loved the book.  I finished it in two days.  Once you start reading, you can't stop at the end of a chapter.  The story focuses on you child, Ender Wiggin.  Ender is adopted into the Battle School, where he is trained to save the Earth from an alien species called the Buggers.  it is an excellent book to read.  Finished the series and want to read more good Orson Scott Card books???  The Homecoming Series is very good, I have also read that series.  Ender's Game (and the rest of the series) is an excellent book and one of Card's best.
0679805273|5.0|My parents gave me this book when I graduated from college in 1996. It has never failed to bring me inspiration and confidence-be it my career, graduate school or any other aspect of life. I'll never outgrow Seuss.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Oliver Reed, Richard Harris, Derek Jacobi.  Morituri te salutamus indeed! The R rating is for blood (fake, of course, but well done) and your kids have seen worse on TV.  There is no sex or even bad language!  The growling tigers are the best I've seen on film since Sheena QOJ in the 50's!  For a Dreamworks production, this film is surprisingly free of political undertones (except of the anti-Gore ilk, if you'll forgive the pun), unlike the (for interracial sex in the first 10 minutes) 15REW-rated The Perfect Storm. It's just a plain good action movie, not unlike Mel Gibson's Oscar®-winning BRAVEHEART, his PATRIOT, and Spielberg's last decent film the Oscar®-winning SAVING PRIVATE RYAN.  The action is surrounded by and laced with excellent acting in the best British tradition.  The two newbies, Joaquin Phoenix and Connie Nielsen, are good additions to the seasoned cast.  Phoenix, with his harelip scar, is destined to be typecast as a slimeball, I'm afraid, but he does it well.  Nielsen, a Sela Ward lookalike, holds up her role as the only sexy personage in the film very well.  And speaking of scars, the perfectly-scarfaced Tommy Flanagan reappears as Cicero, Russell Crowe's aide-de-camp.  (He was Mel Gibson's aide-de-camp in Braveheart, the prima-nocte-&quot;offended husband.&quot;) This DVD was well-worth the $$ spent for it.
B000002HRE|4.0|Roughly half of these songs are good to terrific. (&quot;Unforgiven II&quot; is way, way up there. The first one was clearly for practice.) They comprise 30-40 minutes of very enjoyable music. In ye olden days, that's how long an &quot;LP&quot; ran. So consider the other half-hour of less compelling stuff on here to be a bunch of B-sides thrown in for free and stop your bitching already.
B000007MVL|5.0|Although some may say this is Kate's 'weakest' album i would strongly disagree. For a start there is no such thing as a weak Kate album and secondly this is pure brilliance! 'Symphony in blue' and 'in search of Peter pan' are beautiful, relaxing songs, which get you in the 'Kate' mood. Then of course there is 'Wow', one of my favourite Kate songs, and somewhat of a classic! 'Dont push your foot on the heartbrake' is an upbeat rocky number, one of the albums standouts! And then 'Oh England my lionheart' which is one of my fave song on the album, the music is almost medeival sounding! Then are the slower numbers 'Fullhouse' and the sexy 'Warm room'. 'Coffee homeground' is a erm, interesting song mainly about er, coffee! 'Kashka from Baghdad' is another good song on the album but possibly the best is 'Hammer horror'! One of my favourite Kate albums, please dont skip this you'll be missing out!
0802130208|5.0|This book is a genre of it's own!  Every single character is millions of miles away from an &quot;average person&quot;.  Ignatius J. Reilley, the protagonist, is not an overweight bumbling moron.  Rather he is a overweight, bumbling, thirty-year old with a masters degree and a fixation with Medieval philosophy.  He is a mogul in his own mind and a persuasive one at that, with a sort of midas touch.  Anyone who comes near him somehow gets dragged into this twisted, all-too-believable plot which is his life.  John Kennedy Toole deals so frankly with a side of human nature that so many authors seem to neglect.  The strength of this book is not only in the plot but how the characters interact with one another and how they all become tied together in a massive web of occurences.  I was given this book by my English teacher and I'm glad he shared it with me.  This is a must read for everyone who needs a rollicking good laugh now and again.
B000021XS0|1.0|Dream Theater is a progressive rock band in the very traditional sense of history.  Historically, prog rock initially starts out with flourishes of brilliance and then their inspiration runs dry.  Then they will have moments or flashes of what they used to be and then fade out all together before becoming a 3 minute pop act.  <br />One can trace this history through Dream Theater's first two albums, Unite and Images.  Their absolute perfect artistic statement, Awake.  Their so-so ep, Seasons; DT's worst moment, Infinity.  And now they follow the textbook examples of those who came before them by releasing an album equivalent of ELP's Love Beach.  Hopefully, Scenes From A Memory will be the last extended work Dream Theater will put forth.<br />The music and lyrical content consist of familiar themes as previously written by ELP, Yes &amp; Pink Floyd along with the thrash of a poor third cousin's Pantera/Metallica.  As musicians they are adept, as songwriters they should have finished out their years at The Berklee College of Music in Boston.<br />Upon listening to &quot;Home&quot;, &quot;Overture 1928&quot;, &quot;The Spirit Carries On&quot;, &quot;Dance of Eternity&quot; or any other junk on this album, the listener finds themselves in a musical and lyrical deja vu.  The maimed vocal execution is what makes this record unlistenable.  The arrangements are very good(with the exception of the sound, see below) but it does not support the forced lyrics.  Octagon peg in a triangle hole anyone?  <br />But the weak and flaccid production and mix is what destroys this derivative work.  It is unbalanced and unfocused; one can also tell who is ahead in the music rags' guitar/drum polls.  At one point the guitars over power the band(with the exception of James LaBrie's soma style vocal delivery), then the drums are pushed up in the mix, then it is the keyboardists turn and then repeat as necessary.  The production is also missing bass-John Myung is credited on this album, isn't he?  <br />Also the sound of the instruments themselves are extraordinarily flat and the sheer avoidance of any type of energy leaves the listener unconscious and drained.<br />This recording is further evidence that Dream Theater, in order to maintain their level of vitality, should concentrate on those wonderful three minute pop songs.
B00004Y7SF|2.0|Though Christina has once again proved her superior vocal style and talent, she has not pleased me in the Christmas department.  Her vocals are absolutely amazing, but honestly, think...could you picture listening to her wail at the top of her lungs on &quot;This Year&quot;, or &quot;Christmas Time&quot;, or how she literally butchers such classics as &quot;Angels We Have Heard on High&quot; and &quot;O Holy Night&quot; on Christmas morning during gift exchange?  Sorry, but I can't.  The best song in my opinion on this CD is &quot;Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas.&quot;  It's more simple than the other tracks on this album, though she does modernize it a bit with her wide voice range and wonderfully frilly slurs and trills.  Bottom Line:  Good for the pop genre, not Christmas.
B00003CXE6|5.0|I thought that this was one of the best, if not THE BEST, movies I have ever seen. My best friend had seen it before I had, and since it seemed that I never had time to go see it in the theatres, I decided to wait for the DVD. I was glad that I did. If I had seen it in the theatre, I would have missed all the extras. Thats one thing I do love about DVDs, are the &quot;supplemental features&quot;. This one has them all.<br />Russell Crowe was fantastic in this movie. Yes, L.A. Confidential made him known in Hollywood, but this is the movie that will make him a star. He shows a whole range of emotion, everything from remorse for not being able to save his wife and child, to wanting revenge on the evil emporer Commodus. He shows that he still loves Lucilla, and that he has the strength to overcome the obstacle of being a slave who was once the best General that Rome ever had.<br />It was a bit gory, but not so much as Saving Private Ryan. I was surprised at how it helped shape the story. <br />I did cry at the end, and I dont cry all that much at movies. This one really got to me, because I can only begin to imagine what this poor man went through. <br />If you havent seen this movie, my suggestion to you is to call your local video store, and have them hold it for you. This will win many oscars come next year. I for one am glad to have seen it.
B00003CXDG|4.0|MI-2 is flat out the best action thriler of all time. It super cool, super sexy, and super action packed. MI-2 is an exercise in two gun shooting, cool motorcycle chases, and Kung Fu. This movie is beautifully directed by action master John Woo. This movie has great camer angles, a beautiful look and awesome action. But lets not forget the actors. The actors are serious and have no time to play around. It has a great villian played well by, Dougray Scott, and his bad buddies are cool as well. And the man him self, Tom Cruise, is awesome as usually. Tom and bad girl Thandie Newton are perfect together. So all together you got a great looking thriller with awesome action, good actors, great stunts and just a very good time at the movies. I'm mean come on, name a movie that has the hero and the villian crash their motorcycle together and smash into one other in mid air. Now that's entertainment. Bring on MI-3.
B000002JKA|5.0|To label this album as merely brilliant would be an injustice to this work of art and the godlike musicians who created it.  Not only is this album technically astounding it is lyrically profound. Don't expect to jump in to Dream Theater and understand this intricate marvel instantly. Expect to slowly digest the wonder of the most astonishing musicians to ever exist over the span of your lifetime. Truly beautiful.
6304504012|5.0|Amazing! The best film I've seen out of all the webber ones. Evita or Eva starts out as a poor girl and gets to know a man who leads her into being a star. She then meets Peron, a man trying to become president. They fall in love and marry. Peron is made president and Evita helps countrys worldwide but her biggest battle it yet to come.<br />This tape is a must have, the music and songs are brillient and Madonna sings it perfectly.
B000002IZ4|5.0|Core was a good album but it wasn't exactly a musical breakthrough as it was about two years late musically and could be dismissed as a rip-off. This album on the other hand is much more diverse and ultimately a better album.  The opener Meatplow gets you pumped up for the rest of the album which may be a little different than you may think.  The songs here work better than the songs on Core because they sound like genuine STP songs rather than just generic grunge songs.  This is their best album in my opinion.
B00000ILDE|3.0|I liked Alien as a film very much. Its claustrophobic sequel was something else - more or less an action film in SF environment, and a very good action at that. The reason I'm writing this is because I want to share my dissatisfaction with Director's Cut version of the film. Additional scenes slowed down the film in some places (e.g. the beginning, Ripley's recovering and facing reality), enfeebled the emotional impact (aliens are not all that dangerous after the sentry guns' scenes) and worst of all, removed any kind of implicitness from the film (a) Ripley's daughter, b) we know what happened with the colony right from the beginning). DC is not the film I've seen in the theater, but rather a much weaker version of it. I would not have had it in my collection if it had not been by an accident, and I do hope that one day the studio publishes the original film on DVD.
B000002UKS|4.0|This is an album that starts to show off the Foos true potential.  You have no doubt heard at least one of the bunch of radio singles and if you enjoyed those then you will enjoy the rest of the album. Check out their next album There Is Nothing Left To Lose because it shows the Foos at their true capability.
B000001DTM|5.0|The Edge is God. Listen to him and you will agree. After Joshua Tree and Rattle and Hum, this one takes them even higher. U2 is one of the best bands I have ever heard. <br />'One' is probably one of the best songs ever made. The guitars in Ultraviolet and Acrobat are unmatchable. Its just too good. The Edge is superb. In some songs, you can actually hear Larry Mullen Jr's playing 2 different beats with his 2 hands. That is just awesome. It takes more than just great talent to move your hands non-rythmically and create what he does.
B000021XR5|4.0|I was less than impressed with Tiny Music.  That's why I let out a sigh of relief when I heard the first minute of the opening song Down.  It seemed Weiland (and his voice) were back.  After the whole album was over though I had somewhat mixed feelings.  None of the songs were bad but only a few (No Way Out, Atlanta, Glide, and Sour Girl) really stood out.  The others just seemed mediocre.  That might be a little bit of an overstatement though because after more listens I did grow to like them a bit more.  Still however though this is no Purple.  But compared to the musical scene at the time, this was a disc to embrace and certainly better than Tiny Music.
B00003CXFG|1.0|Along with Alien Resurrection and Hardware, this movie is one of the worst sci-fi movies I've ever had to endure. I stopped after 15 minutes. The entire movie is shot like a TV commercial. This may be good for effect for a few scenes but for almost the entire movie -give me a break! And what about the accents! The lead actress is Australian (as is a few other characters) but tries very unconvincingly to portray an American. One or the other thanks -very distracting.
B000020617|5.0|It's about time we got a rock album that was simply a rock album. These days it seems we're stuck with heavy metal rock-rap and MTV-pop sellouts.  Dave Grohl realized the need for a simple hard rock album and delivered a winner.  If the Foo Fighters keep this up they could help to save rock from all this garbage.
B00003CXGG|3.0|Like the title suggest this film is a loose take on the Shakespeare play.  I purchased this DVD with the hope that I was about to witness something spectacular after being ... (or ... in) by the action packed trailer. <br />A lot was made of the visual effects and fight sequences - indeed the same effects people who worked on The Matrix applied their craft to Romeo Must Die. Again, the computer generated effects that have been sporadically spliced into the film are very well done and add much to the action rather than break up the flow or steal the scene.  <br />However, the expertly choreographed fight sequences were ruined somewhat by poor editing and dubious camera work. Many of the fights were shot too close to the action which leaves the viewer struggling to determine who has just karate chopped whom. Those that buy this DVD for the fight scenes will be left disappointed at the amateurishly obvious wire work used to make the characters do superhuman karate type moves.<br />Whilst the 'magical kung-fu' (men jumping 30 ft into the air to karate kick 5 bad guys) worked for The Matrix it didn't feel right in this movie. Whilst the Matrix is set within a make-believe world in the future where things like this could be plausible (if you pretended hard enough), Romeo must Die is set in modern time America, so whenever Jet Li did fly elegantly through the air kicking his little legs about knocking bad guys left and right, it just makes it that much harder to suspend disbelief.<br />The DVD features are very decent with in-depth 'making of' featurettes that were very entertaining to watch. The music videos from Aaliyah also add that little extra.<br />This DVD is a fun and entertaining movie to watch but just don't expect a riveting story, side-splitting jokes, or heart stopping action. Instead, just expect a film that delivers all of those qualities in small amounts. 4 Stars for effort, but a mediocre 3 for achievement.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|Rage's hard sound and political defiance were great things at first. But seven years after their first album it is staring to get old. This album is not very different from the other two, in fact it is almost exactly the same, except the songs aren't as good. Their first album was great and their second one good but we don't need a third album like this. Some songs like Sleep Now in the Fire and Testify are still great to mosh to but Rage needs to start trying something different instead of putting out albums that sound exactly the same as the last and aren't as good.
B000000H3W|4.0|This is one of my favourite Sepultura albums. It contains all the elements that I love about heavy music.<br />Stomach churning vocals, twisting and turning solos, doulble kicking - what more can you want? Well, &quot;normal&quot; singing would be nice, but that isn't really not a problem. I wouldn't class this as a classic, but it well worth owing if you like old skool death/thrash metal. Some of the best tracks include Arise, Desperate Cry and Infected Voice.<br />I have to say that Sepultura are much better than Soulfly, Max's new band.
B00003CX8J|4.0|As the title says, I really loved the movie...as a long time fan of X-Men comics I feel they actually stayed pretty much true to the comic which is rare in theatre now-a-days. My only dislike was the DVD version was in 2.35.1 ratio which took my 36&quot; TV and made it 12!! Other than that, excellant movie and I can't wait for a sequel!
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is an incredible piece of work, and definitely lives up to the expectations after OK Computer was released in 1997. Here's a breakdown of all the songs on the album:<br />EVERYTHING IN ITS RIGHT PLACE - This song is a perfect opener to the album. Incredibly bizarre lyrics (There are two colours in my head; Yesterday I woke up sucking on a lemon), but they fit nonetheless.<br />KID A - The title track, this song sort of has the same feel as No Surprises, although it is much different. Thom's voice is computerized creating a very weird result. Add that and a xylophone type instrument, a drum machine, and a baby crying at the end, and you've got yourself a pretty good song here.<br />THE NATIONAL ANTHEM - My second favorite song on the album, this is an amazing 6 minute piece, including an 8 piece group of trumpets, saxophone and the like. Once Thom finishes singing and the 8 piece group starts playing, get ready to be blown away.<br />HOW TO DISAPPEAR - My third favorite song on the album, an astonishing piece of music, the strings are incredibly haunting. This entire song is haunting as a matter of fact. I love the ending especially though.<br />TREEFINGERS - Although this is my least favorite track, it's still pretty good. Kinda bland though.<br />OPTIMISTIC - Although many people think this is the best one on the album, it is just my fourth. Don't get me wrong though, I absolutely love this song, and the 'dinosaurs roaming the earth' part at the end just makes me imagine of... well, dinosaurs roaming the earth... but the thing is, when I imagine it, it's really creepy, just thinking about it. I know, it's hard to explain, so let me just say this song, like How to Disappear, is incredibly haunting.<br />IN LIMBO - This is my sixth favorite, I love the lyrics to the song, especially the words in the background, &quot;I'm the first at the Irish Sea, another message I can't read.&quot; The ending is a great setup for...<br />IDIOTEQUE - This, without a doubt, is my favorite song on the entire album. I love everything about this song, whether it's the odd dance beat in the background or the wonderful lyrics, this song is virtually perfect in almost every aspect imaginable. I love the line, &quot;I'll laugh until my head comes off, swallow till I burst.&quot; Freaky. And I continuously wonder what Thom is saying in the background of the song. I've tried doing everything I can think of, but I can't get anything. I know he's saying something different than what he's saying in the foreground, but whatever it is, I want to know. Also, the &quot;First of the Children&quot; part is great, not to mention weird. But of course, I guess, that's what Radiohead intended to do on this album; be weird.<br />MORNING BELL - This song is supposed to be about amnesia, and I can see in some cases how it can. It is rather catchy, and has some good lyrics as well.<br />MOTION PICTURE SOUNDTRACK - Words can't sum up this song... the lyrics are beautiful, and the harps add to the greatness of this song. The line &quot;I will see you in the next life&quot; makes the hairs stand up on the back of my neck, but not in a scary way... in a weird, beautiful kind of way.<br />GENCHILDREN - Not much to say about this hidden track really... I tried playing it backwards, as I thought I heard someone say something in the background of the song before, but I couldn't hear anything. I guess this hidden track's purpose is to show Radiohead's new direction. I guess this is kind of an uplifting song (if you can call it a song) if you listen to it a certain way. Oh well...<br />This is, without a doubt, the best album of 2000, and some of Radiohead's best work is on Kid A. I highly suggest you buy it.
6305627401|5.0|South Park- Bigger, Longer, and Uncut, is one of the greatest animated films ever made. Not only does the story entertain you and gives you laughs that no other movie could, the songs used throughout the whole film were brilliant.  The whole basic idea of the movie is that all the parents of South Park are trying to fight and do away with Canada, because their children have been hypnotized by Tarrance and Philip, a popular Canadian TV show that came to America. Then the whole story gets evn funnier with Satan, Big Gay Al, and Brian Boitano.  This film is not to be missed by any lover of comedy. The real brilliance of this film is the songs. Great work Matt Stone and Trey Parker.<br />HAPPY VIEWING!!
B00002DE0S|5.0|This recording is perfect. It's almost too perfect. Every phrase seems to have been examined and polished with such care                          that an element of spontaneous creativity (ala Argerich) is missing. It is as if Dr.Zimerman has taken a scalpel to these concertos,                          taken them to pieces, and put them all back together again. The piece is dead although Zimerman himself knows everything about it. Having                          said that, one can only marvel at the playing of the select polish orchestra and Zimerman himself. Perhaps this is how the music                          would have sounded to Chopin in his head, but I doubt he would have played it in the same way.
0684853523|4.0|I enjoyed the read and actually went over some parts of this book more than once. Certainly as a writer (and I imagine many of the readers of this book are writers or at least aspire to be), I was keenly interested in what such an accomplished storyteller as Stephen King had to say. But I must note that, in the end, I did not come away with all that much. Some good insights yes, and a feeling for the person that King is and for some of the events and experiences he believes shaped him, both personally and in terms of his craft. In fact, I found the author a likeable soul (surprising, given the stuff he usually writes about) but his pointers were spare and mostly common sense. I thought his most interesting insight was that you either got it or you don't. But that if you got it at a modest level, you can make a bit more of it. On the other hand if you ain't got it, forget it. I think I already knew that.<br />His other big thing was write less and more simply, don't pile on the words. A good rule, most of the time, though I personally believe that less is not always better. For me it's the rhythm and beat as much as the content of the words; these are inextricably bound in the effort to convey &quot;information&quot; which, in the end, is all that writing is.<br />Finally, he seems to suggest one should write from deep inside one's experience, letting it boil up and cook the tale . . . or whatever. Okay. Good thought and nice to know Mr. King, who is plainly an expert in his field, sees matters this way. To me it means he's the real thing, not a hack. But, on balance, it didn't add much to my knowledge of what it takes to write well. But I guess that was the point: you can't tell people what they need to know to write well. You either got it or you don't.<br />Still this was a decently done and enjoyable book for the window it provided, however briefly and idiosyncratically, into one very skilled modern writer's mind. I guess King is just one of those guys who can't turn it off. He loves to write, even about writing and about loving to write. Me too. A decent book and worth reading but it's not going to shake you up.turn it off. He loves to write, even about writing and about loving to write. Me too. A decent book and worth reading but it's not going to shake you up.
B00003CXFG|5.0|I didn't expect it to be this good. One of my all time favorite movie, a must see or better yet buy it!!!
B000050XEI|5.0|At 34-and-a-half minutes long, this wonderful album is like sitting down for a sumptious meal, but the portions are small!  Evidently Enya has striven for quality instead of quantity on this work and in that she has once again succeeded; indeed, just the selections &quot;Fallen Embers&quot; or &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; make the album definitely &quot;worth it&quot; for me.  Roma Ryan's soul-opening lyrics are again a perfect complement to Enya's angelic singing and flowing orchestral arrangements.  If you enjoy purity, grace, sensitivity and wisdom, this album is for you.
0399146253|5.0|I bought this book the day it came out and was anxious to get reading. Well, the first half of the book was a little slow and it took me about 2 weeks to get through it. The last 150 pages took me a few hours to get through because the pace of the story was so quick. The ending took an unexpected turn and all I can say is that I can't wait to see where the next Scarpetta book will take us.<br />If you can work your way through the first half of the book, you'll find the rest a thoroughly enjoyable read. Ms. Cornwell's research and knowledge in the forensics field is shown to us in numerous occasions throughout this book. If you're looking for a good read, pick this one up!
0684853523|5.0|Stephen King gives us an introspective look on the craft of writing, his personal accounts of some of his legendary novels and an eerie look into the accident last year that almost ended his life. ON WRITING is not just a how-to manual, it is not an autobiography and it certainly is not a new novel to devour. It is an intimate look into the processes that go into being one of the widest read authors ever.<br />The first section of this memoir is about the childhood and adolescence of Mr. King. He goes into depth at how his young days were spent at the hospital, either through his own acts (wiping his rear with poison ivy) or things he couldn't control (serious ear infections). He also lets us in on how his mother's life and, ultimately, her death greatly affected him. He also details how his own vanity press novels sold well to relatives and classmates. This lets us see the development of a young King and his influences that shaped his imagination.<br />The second part is about the craft of writing and King's opinions and advice on this subject. While referring other works, King also illustrates with his own writings. Specifically, THE DEAD ZONE, MISERY, THE STAND and BAG OF BONES are discussed at length. To have King tell us how he &quot;solved&quot; his dilemma in THE STAND; how a nap on an airplane and a feverish writing session in a hotel gave him the tidbits that turned into MISERY; these are priceless moments. The phone call he gets about the paperback rights of CARRIE is touching...and we are there with him and his wife. Also mentioned is the author's battles with cocaine and alcohol addiction. To think that he doesn't remember much of the writing of CUJO is a shame and enforces just what addiction can ruin. All in all, this is the meat of the tome...the master teaches us how he does it and how beginning writers can as well.<br />The last part details King's brush with death. The day his walk turned into a nightmare. An out-of-control van runs King down on acountry road, the people who saved his life and King's own dealings with mortality is harrowing as well as enlightening. A lot of questions I had about this incident were answered and to know that the culprit has died mysteriously in the past weeks adds a shadow of eeriness that chills my blood.<br />Sometimes hilarious, oftentimes insightful and always entertaining, ON WRITING shows Stephen King not only as a writer and student of the craft ...but also a wise teacher.
B00002DE0S|5.0|This recording is perfect. It's almost too perfect. Every phrase seems to have been examined and polished with such care                          that an element of spontaneous creativity (ala Argerich) is missing. It is as if Dr.Zimerman has taken a scalpel to these concertos,                          taken them to pieces, and put them all back together again. The piece is dead although Zimerman himself knows everything about it. Having                          said that, one can only marvel at the playing of the select polish orchestra and Zimerman himself. Perhaps this is how the music                          would have sounded to Chopin in his head, but I doubt he would have played it in the same way.
B000050XEI|3.0|this album continues in the same vein as her recent releases. the strongest cuts on this album are &quot;wild child&quot;, &quot;only time&quot;, and &quot;tempus vernum&quot;. &quot;wild child&quot; is a gorgeous, uplifting song, and by far, the best song on this album. roma ryan is an extremely underrated songwriter. <br />however, this album is enya by the numbers. the same chords. the same chord progressions. the same textures. the same mood. the same, well, EVERYTHING. i think that she's WAY too talented to be making the same music she made 12 years ago. i know many will say &quot;if it aint broke, don't fix it&quot;, but whenever i hear &quot;tempus vernum&quot;, i shudder when i think of the possibilities of her going ALL the way gothic/darkwave, and giving black tape for a blue girl a run for the money, but experimentation of ANY sort would be welcome. i think that she should have changed her sound after &quot;shepherd moons&quot;, which i thought solidified her sound. now she's riding the same horse down the same paths, and i'm afraid that she's on the verge of becoming, i hate to use this word with an artist i love so much, BORING! i hope that the next time she decides to take 5 years to complete an album, that she broadens her horizons, and starts really experimenting, after all, what has she got to lose? she sells between 8 and 10 million records per release, so commercial potential should be of no concern. i hope she realizes this soon.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I was so impressed with this movie.  Ridley Scott takes us back to ancient Rome like James Cameron did with Titanic.  Visually a masterpiece of art. The music, the acting,the scenery,and the action is a sight to behold. A major treat for DVD. I think it's a must see movie.
B00002E23E|4.0|I think this is just a scratch on the surface of what Zeppelin was all about. The  dynamics and the power can not be duplicated in this day and age of the one hit wonders ... lets make some money days of society now. The versatility, acoustical side, and  electricity of Zeppelin on the Song Remains the Same is great. But it does not capture the total essence of the band. Mainly, the lacking of  John Paul Jones, in the video. It captured a moment in time which was dated at the time of release. Which is why the &quot;No Quarter or the Walking into Clarksdale DVD&quot; should be made and incorporated into a box set.
B0000024KQ|5.0|The second Onyx albulm hits harder than the first with Big DS gone it's jus the 3: Fredro,Sonsee, and Sticky but with street anthems like &quot;Last Dayz&quot; and &quot;All We Got Iz Us&quot; this albulm takes it to the max.
B00004YC2F|5.0|fter watching the film Shine, I went and bought David Helfgott's recording of the Rach 3. It is truly a benchmark recording in the                          way that it demonstartes how badly it is possible to play the piece. Here was a recording in which the pianist skittered around the                          keyboard and even managed to drag the playing of the orchestra down to his own unique level of turpitude. Next I bought                          Argerich's recording. As you might expect, she sets fire to the piece and burns through the cadenza at breakneck speed. But the                          Tchaikovsky coupling isn't so good. Volodos's recording is my third recording of the piece and it is in some ways better than                          Argerich's, and in some ways worse. Volodos never lets his hair down, and everything is calculated. He has such technique that even                          in the most difficult passages he makes it sound as though he's playing twinkle twinkle little star. And in doing so, he doesn't quite                          input enough emotion. Even in the areas which are 'creative' and he does something different, you can tell that it isn't a spur of the                          moment thing, but that that was the way he'd been practising it. Levine spends more time listening to Volodos than conducting.                          However, the solo pieces are brilliant esp.Volodos's own arrangement of the cello sonata which sounds better at every hearing. And                          so, if I was looking just for a Rach 3, I would pick Argerich (out of the two), but if I had to destroy one of the two cds, I would                          destroy Argerich's.
B000002NIW|5.0|The sophmore album after the promising &quot;Adrenaline,&quot; &quot;Around the Fur&quot; is a brilliant collection of hardcore-punk-whatever-you want-to-call-it.  The recording is perfect - not too polished, but not fuzzy and garage-band sounding - ala &quot;Adrenaline.&quot;   &quot;ATF&quot; features Deftones at their frenetic best, with exquisite guitars, bottom-dwelling bass, and insane drumming.  Chino screams and whispers and whines so convincingly that his singing alone will make you find room for this album in your player.  Every song is great.  From &quot;My Summer&quot; to &quot;MX,&quot; Deftones don't miss a single heart-pumping beat.  &quot;Around the Fur&quot; stands far above &quot;Adrenaline,&quot; &quot;White Pony,&quot; and anything KoRn has ever tried to acomplish.  This recording is a landmark in hardcore-punk (Deftones, in my opinion, have single-handedly brought hardcore into the mainstream), and has indefinitely placed Deftones on my list of favorite artists.  They've proved themselves masters of their genre - they will be around long after KoRn or Limp Bizkit.
B00001U03Q|5.0|Eric is absolutely &quot;famous&quot; with this CD. Start to finish, anyone who has &quot;listened&quot; to the CD (not heard it) will agree.  He's a great artist who, in his time, has been able to &quot;ride the wave&quot;.  This CD simply explores his musical quality and ability.  Again, what an artist.  If you don't possess this CD, you must run out and get it.<br />He's the greatest.  Just put the CD in the player and LISTEN to the music;  you'll agree.
B000021Y77|5.0|This movie doesn't need a long review. All you need to know is that the movie packs a punch of feminine power and 3 endings that will make anyone happy. It is my belief that the music defines the movie. As each scenario begins, it setd the tone for the whole thing by the music. After watching this a third time, it occured to me that there was either a major or minor key in the music, depending on the ending. All in all this movie is brilliant peice gives everyone a thrill with bright colors, a beautiful plot, and incredible music. And I LOVE the city it was filmed in. ; )
B00003CX9W|3.0|It was great to see all of the narration put back into the film, but this so called &quot;Uncut&quot; edition, is not what is seems.  Being a life-long fan and collector of &quot;Fantasia&quot; items, I was shocked to see (or not to see), the small black centaurette pyganinnies, totally removed from the film in the &quot;Pastoral Symphony&quot;. Disney's &quot;pan &amp; scan&quot; techinque in one sequence chopped them out and when Bacchus is ushered up the stairs, they have been totally wiped out of the segment (the carpet now rolls itself up to the throne...ah,Disney magic).  I have many of the above mentioned sequences on video and was really hoping that they would find their way back into the DVD &quot;uncut version&quot;.  I realize that in this age of 'racial discrimination&quot; that certain things can't be shown or referred to, but give me a break, &quot;Fantasia&quot; is art and should not have been censored, besides, these are mythical creatures. Also,......I remember Demms Taylor as having a different voice, the one in the DVD really does not sound like him at all.  Anyway these are my thoughts. Having waited so long for the &quot;uncut version&quot;, I feel very let down.
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage Against the Machine - their name says it all.  My favorite band of all time, RATM is a PERFECT blend of funk, rock, and punk.  Every song on this album is astonishing, and totally original.  Everyone says Rage is the best, and they're right, no one can compare to the funk blastin' out yo' speakers.  I can't get enough of Tom Morello's distortions, Brad Wilks' awesome drumming, Tim Commerfield's (yes, what you've heard is all correct, he is the best bassist of ALL TIME) killer bass, and last but definitely not least, Zack's militant poetry, which has inspired pretty much everyone who has ever heard a Rage song.  He raps and barks violent, stabbing accusations at the &quot;establishment&quot; like no one else.  God, I love his lyrics - it's like he knows something that no one else does, and he's just dying to get all of the government's dirty laundry out in the open where everyone can smell it.  So buy Rage, and become a believer in the power of the reality the band's grippin'.
0345403959|3.0|It's been years since I read the original books in this series, but I enjoyed them a lot.  So I was excited to find two new books in the series, this one and &quot;Polgara.&quot;  It was fun to revisit characters and events that I had read before.  I really enjoyed the beginning of the book that covered Belgarath's origins up through the cracking of the world.  <br />The rest of it is OK, but there was very little suspense present.  (Note:  This was NOT because I already knew many of the events.  I read the original series too long ago to remember most of the details.)  Part of it has to do with the whole &quot;predestination&quot; aspect of the series.  After a while, it makes you wonder if many of the choices that these characters make really make any difference in the grand scheme of things.<br />The first person narrative is a mixed bag as well.  At times I enjoyed the more personal observations by Belgarath, but it grew old in a book this long.<br />My favorite parts were in some of the more &quot;trivial&quot; events such as Belgarath's gold mining adventure or his fishing trips with his Grandson.  I wish that there had been more of these &quot;human&quot; stories.  Too much of the book read like, &quot;This happened, then THIS happened, followed by THIS,&quot; and there wasn't much that made me really care about the characters.<br />So, it's worth reading after you read the original books, but it could have been much more entertaining.
6305657947|5.0|I enjoyed the film very much. Both Brosnan and Russo are attheir best. The picture and sound quality also make this film apleasure to watch. This re-make is definitely better than the original McQueen version.
B00003CX9W|3.0|It was great to see all of the narration put back into the film, but this so called &quot;Uncut&quot; edition, is not what is seems.  Being a life-long fan and collector of &quot;Fantasia&quot; items, I was shocked to see (or not to see), the small black centaurette pyganinnies, totally removed from the film in the &quot;Pastoral Symphony&quot;. Disney's &quot;pan &amp; scan&quot; techinque in one sequence chopped them out and when Bacchus is ushered up the stairs, they have been totally wiped out of the segment (the carpet now rolls itself up to the throne...ah,Disney magic).  I have many of the above mentioned sequences on video and was really hoping that they would find their way back into the DVD &quot;uncut version&quot;.  I realize that in this age of 'racial discrimination&quot; that certain things can't be shown or referred to, but give me a break, &quot;Fantasia&quot; is art and should not have been censored, besides, these are mythical creatures. Also,......I remember Deems Taylor as having a different voice, the one in the DVD really does not sound like him at all.  Anyway these are my thoughts. Having waited so long for the &quot;uncut version&quot;, I feel very let down.
B000002N2Z|4.0|First of all, I think &quot;Adrenaline&quot; is a great album.  But just because it's great doesn't mean it necessarily deserves five stars.  Let me explain.  &quot;Adrenaline&quot; features Deftones before anyone knew about them.  This CD showcases some of the rawest talent I have ever heard.  But some of the songs on this record go on a little too long, and get somewhat annoying.  The recording isn't the best, either, so it's kind of hard to tell what Chino is trying to say.  Okay, now that I've embarassed myself by dissing one of my favorite bands, let me tell you about the power of this CD.  &quot;Adrenaline&quot; is violent, orginal, unpredictable, and features such star-making material like &quot;Bored,&quot; &quot;Nosebleed,&quot; &quot;7 Words,&quot; and &quot;Engine No. 9.&quot;     All, in all, &quot;Adrenaline&quot; is a pretty solid album for one of the most promising bands since Rage or Tool.  I just think &quot;Around the Fur&quot; captures their now-tradmark raw sound better.  &quot;White Pony&quot; is also pretty good, but is quite a bit different than Deftones' other releases.
B000051VWW|5.0|Lovers Rock is a seductive, beautiful and elegant album. This album draws deeply on Sade past. From the lovely &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; to the tribute to friendship &quot;By Your Side&quot;. Sade proves that she still has the elegance and grace to charm the birds out of the sky. Lovers Rock is adorned with many lovely epiphanic touches.  This album has so much emotion and heart. Lovers Rock is one album that you will want &quot;By Your Side&quot;.   Welcome back Sade. You are like a old friend that is nice to see again.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Pearl Jam continue delivering truthful, inspiring, honest music ten years after their birth. Binaural is a blessing amidst the torture of bad music going on out there. This band can be labeled with so many words, but never &quot;sellouts&quot;. Eddie Vedder's voice continues to be one of the best today, it just puts you to wonder about so many things with any phrase, as simple as it could be, on any song on this album. Of course the major complaints about this album are about the album &quot;not rocking&quot;. Well, when Pearl Jam set their minds to make an album they make great music, not rock. I think really good music can not be labeled, just like this album can not be called rock, but only Pearl Jam's Binaural. Personal favorites include &quot;Of the Girl&quot;, &quot;Light Years&quot;, &quot;Thin Air&quot; and &quot;Evacuation&quot;, which could be called, along with a few others on Binaural, as a rock song, similar to those Pearl Jam did in their earlier days. Despite any old PJ fans that might turn their backs to this band, I'm conforted by the thought that Eddie Vedder and company will never listen to anyone or anything, but their hearts and souls, when it comes to writing their music.
B00003CWHS|5.0|This is the follow-up to Evil Dead and Evil Dead II-Dead By Dawn, and I DEFINITLEY think this is the best one. It is more funny and action-packed than the other two, and the one-liners in this movie are literally non-stop! This movie starts after Evil Dead II finishes, in which Ash, our unlikely hero, is thrown into a time portal after reading a passage in the Necronomicon (The Book Of The Dead) which vaccums the monster at Ash's door. Unfortunately, Ash is sucked in as well, and is transported to 14th century France, where the Medievil times were still present. Ash accidentally brought the evil back with him, and he has to defend himself and a Medievil village against the ultimate \\"Deadite\\": A deadite of Ash himself. This movie is directed by Sam Raimi, director of such films like Darkman, and starring Bruce Campbell, the star of all the other Evil Dead films. If you like Sam Raimi and watch his movies a lot, you find out that Bruce Campbell has a cameo in every Sam Raimi film (Watch the end of Darkman and you'll see what i'm talking about). This new limited edition widescreen director's cut is amazing, and has over 15 minutes of additional footage. There is also a new ending which is less funny but makes a lot more sense in the story and could possibly set the scene for an Evil Dead 4 (This is very unlikely, because Bruce Campbell himself said he would NOT be in an Evil Dead 4 unless Sam Raimi directs, and he has no plans to do so). The picture quality is average, since two scenes become dark and slightly blurry, especially the windmill scene and the final battle scene, but the rest of the movie is superb as far as sound and picture quality goes. The windmill scene with all the little Ash's has 6 minutes extra, and is much more hilarious compared to the theatrical version. This version of the movie is a limited edition with only 50,000 in existence, so get it while it lasts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000099Y|5.0|I bought AEnima after I had worn out Undertow, the second Tool release.  Tool kind of did the whole rise to stardom thing backwords. Instead of becoming popular with an independent-sounding record, Undertow was a mainstream album.  AEnima is not a mainstream record.  An aggressive, satirical, nightmarish blend of insane vocals, drums (Danny Carey's arms must have been ready to fall off after this album), heavy bass, and distorted guitars is definitely not for everyone.  The rythm changes so much in these songs that one track sounds like three seperate ones.  The artwork is extremely disturbing, but also kind of hilarious, and very original (I like the animated artwork of the West coast, the eye, and the contorsionist).     Tracks on this CD to look out for - &quot;Stinkfist&quot; (very listenable), &quot;Eulogy&quot; (thought-provoking piece on religion), &quot;H&quot; (had to get some new headphones after listening to this a little too high), &quot;46 &amp; 2&quot; (oh YEAH), and &quot;AEnima&quot; (one of the greatest songs ever).  But don't get me wrong, &quot;Hooker w/ a Penis&quot; (hilarious in a dark sort of way), &quot;Die Eier Von Satan&quot; (a recipe in German), and &quot;Third Eye&quot; are all great.  Listen closely to the first part of &quot;Eye,&quot; it's pretty funny.  The only song I really don't get is &quot;Message to Harry Manback,&quot; but hey, that's what the skip track button is for.
B000051VWW|5.0|Lovers Rock is a seductive, beautiful and elegant album. This album draws deeply on Sade past. From the lovely &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; to the tribute to friendship &quot;By Your Side&quot;. Sade proves that she still has the elegance and grace to charm the birds out of the sky. Lovers Rock is adorned with many lovely epiphanic touches.  This album has so much emotion and heart. Lovers Rock is one album that you will want &quot;By Your Side&quot;.   Welcome back Sade. You are like a old friend that is nice to see again.
B00003CXE7|5.0|(Updated for Blu-ray remaster 8/19/10):<br /><br />Although the plotting is a bit uneven at times (with some minor plot holes due to the numerous writers who worked on the project), \\"Gladiator\\" is a brilliant looking spectacle which allows director Ridley Scott to excel. Scott's brilliantly shot and edited film over comes its slight narrative flaws due to terrific, strong performances from a Oscar caliber cast and the epic production.<br /><br />The Blu-ray looks positively stunning and is a huge step up from the original DVD and the previous Blu-ray which looked better than the DVD (particularly for the extended version sequences)but failed to live up to the potential for Blu-ray due to the use of an old HD master prepared for TV broadcast. Colors are richer, image quality is crisp, sharp and absolutely stunning at times nicely capturing the theatrical presentation in high definition.<br /><br />The biggest problem with the previous edition was the overuse of digital noise reduction which worked for the HD broadcast of the film but the higher resolution of Blu-ray betrayed all the extra noise reduction and elimination of textures. Universal (which actually mastered this for Paramount since they own the negative and Paramount only has North American distribution rights) has done a marvelous job. Textures and a high level of detail have been returned to the film taking it back closer to its theatrical presentation.<br /><br />We get the same special features as the previous Blu-ray and DVD editions of the film with the bulk of them on the second disc. Paramount is running an exchange program as previously mentioned for those who have the previous edition (like I did) and if you mail the original transfer disc to them they'll return the new Blu-ray disc. You will probably need to call them to confirm if which version you have however. The phone # is 888-889-9456 and the address is PHE MKT c/o Deluxe Media Mgmt PO Box 801464 Valencia, CA 91380-1464. Include your name and address in the package. Paramount had mine Federal Expressed (which I'm sure is par for the course for others as well).<br /><br />Highly recommended.amount had mine Federal Expressed (which I'm sure is par for the course for others as well).     Highly recommended.
B000025APX|5.0|My God, Amon Amarth simply cannot go wrong. They have a certain formula that is utterly untouchable by others. Im a fan of the old saying \\"If it aint broke, then dont try to fix it\\" I hope their next album utilizes the sam formula. And just for the record, the vocals are harsh, growling and shrieking. If you can't take, then go to the Korn and Limp Bizkit pages and buy that crap. Get out of the extreme pages, because chances are,you are a trendy kornalike or you are too old. Back to the album now. The songs Bleed for Ancient Gods and Last with Pagan Blood are simply masterpieces. Metalwrath describes how there are bands out there that simply suck(Korn, Limp Bizkit, Staind, Sevendust, Slipknot, Spineshank). Needless to say, these bands should here this song. North Sea Storm is also classic brutal death metal with a little hint of melody. This cd is not for the faint of heart, but if you like it brutal, violent, and with no influence from money or record labels or MTV, then this is for you. Worth the price of admission for Last with Pagan Blood alone. Perfect.
B00000JH09|5.0|System of a Down's frenitic, violent, dark, angry debut album rates right up there with the likes of RATM, Tool, Pearl Jam, and Nirvana, who also had absolutely fantastic debuts.  As soon as you hit the &quot;play&quot; button, SOAD invades your room with their unique, bleak, and fascinating sound.  The album is foreboding, with lyrics that make you question their mental stability.  The trippy, social distortion-charged message, the booming, bowel-moving bass, the insane guitars along with the machine-gun rat-tat-tat of the drums makes for an unsettling experience that opens up your mind to a whole new horizon of music and thinking.       But with an album of such magnitude as this, SOAD is going to have a hard time topping it.  I just hope they stay true to their roots.  It would be sad to see them waste their talent and sell out, becoming just another Rage-cum-Korn band.
0553106635|5.0|So far this book is the best in the series. The plot lines that were first started in A Game of Thrones have grown larger and deeper. The characters are so alive that I actually found myself getting caught up in thier struggles. George R.R. Martin has a true gift with story telling. The characters are so in depth and unique. The web of deception so intricate and thick. I highly recommend this book and the series for any fan of the genre and for those who aren't.
B00000JJQK|5.0|I don't particularly like the Beach Boys and don't own any of their other material.  But, my friend, what we have here is gold.  Magical as any of your favorite albums, it is in reality a showcase for the production genius of a young Brian Wilson (only 24 at the time most of the music was recorded by top nothc L.A. session players).  Unfortuantely he would fry out early and we can only wonder what else he might have done.<br />Purchase the dual mono/stereo version and you too can join in the debate on which is better.  Personally I like the mono versions better (and it should be noted that Brian Wilson was deaf in one ear) due the thick sound of it.  Thank you record label for producing this product in this fashion and saving me from having to buy the boxset.  Now only if it had Good Vibrations included.....
B00004TRD8|5.0|ok, this is how a dvd should be! it should have both the normal and special edtion, all the trailers and teasers, all the behind the scenes and the choice between wide, pan and scan, and normal screen, this dvd has all that! if you thought the normal vesion was great all the added scenes just make it better, except for the alternate ending....(i won't spoil it) even the box itself will amaze you! if you are a james cameron fan or just love sc-fi, you have to get this right away! you wont be disapointed!
B000005RFQ|4.0|This Sabbath album is undoubtedly the hardest sab ever!  Its comparable to driving a railroad spike in your eye-socket and voluntarily bangin your head against the coffee table until Ian's volcals sound like Shirley Temple.
B000051VWW|5.0|After sampling some of her latest tracks on Napster, I just had to buy Sade's new CD, Lovers Rock.  The songs are soothing and put you into that special groove you're looking for at the end of a long, hard day.  I can't stop replaying this CD.  It's addictive.  You won't be disappointed with this one!
B000050XEI|4.0|Enya is back and better than ever. Her music still has the ability to touch you inner emotions, and sets your spirit singing. There is not one mediocre song on the entire CD.      I feel the best songs to be One by One, Flora's Secret &amp; Lazy Days, with it's very uplifting tempo.      Enya still intertwines instrumental pieces throughout her works, which are great intermissions between her vocal pieces.      Once again Enya adds her very powerful and dramatic feelings to her non english songs, such as the Latin Tempus Vernum, which carries the theme of the seasons.      The only flaw and the reason that I am rating A Day Without Rain with 4 stars is due to the album being to short. Just as you are ready for more it's over. The CD definitely could have used another 1 or 2 songs like the Japanese version which includes Isobella.      Enya thank you for providing sophisticated and elegant music.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Ever since &quot;20 Greatest Hits&quot; went out of print, The Beatles' catalogue has been sorely missing a single disc packed with most of their biggest hits. &quot;1&quot; remedies that situation. And any complaints about the compilation hold no water. Unlike a &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; album where the selections can be debated, &quot;1&quot; delivers exactly what it promises - all the band's singles that reached #1 in the U.S., the U.K., or both. On top of that, all of the selections received 24-bit remastering for the first time (and it's about time) and they sound better than ever. <br />Two of the glaring omissions in people's eyes are &quot;Please Please Me&quot; and &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever.&quot; The former only reached #3 in the states and didn't hit #1 in the Record Retailer charts in the U.K., the most widely used charts in Britian. &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; and &quot;Penny Lane&quot; were released as a double-A sided single, stalling at #2 in the U.K., and while &quot;PL&quot; hit the #1 spot in the states, &quot;SFF&quot; only made it to #8. I don't know why, but that's what happened and that's why it isn't included. It's not like there's any room on the CD anyway. A compact disc can hold 80 minutes of music and this runs for a little over 79. It's almost like it was meant to happen.<br />Perfect for beginners who don't want to splurge for the expensive &quot;1962-1966&quot; and &quot;1967-1970&quot; compilations, and great for long-time fans who want all these songs in one place.
6301543408|4.0|All right, this video can never be mistaken for Star Trek II - The Wrath of Khan, which was possibly the best Star Trek Movie ever, but this video does have it's charm.  Star Trek V takes allot of abuse since Shatner took his turn at the directors chair this time around and that was, well, maybe a mistake. Nonetheless, this is a valuable movie for it's classic Star Trek humor, as well as a setting for a new Enterprise adventure &quot;to find God&quot;. In case you don't know, in Star Trek II Mr. Spock died. He was brought back to life in Star Trek III, and ah yes, in the process Enterprise 1701 was destroyed. You will find some jokes about Spock's &quot;death&quot; here, and  now you will get it when you hear them. In this Trek, a new ship, Enterprise 1701A is given to the crew, but it's hardly space worthy. This gives the miracle working ships engineer Mr. Scott lot's of things to fix. There is a shaky peace with the Klingon Empire, but we all know Kirk hates Klingons and they don't like him very much either. While as usual, Mr. Spock remains the voice of reason through out all, however, the video introduces Spock's brother yes, brother, played very well by Lawrence Luckenbill, as a Vulcan who embraces emotion. He hijacks the Enterprise, and takes it's crew on a quest to find God. On the way there, there's lot's of fun action. Do they find God? Well, when the find who they find things get serious as so they should. This is not the most effective outing for the Enterprise and it's crew, but it is a thought provoking video for a moment or two and at other times it's just good fun.
052594527X|5.0|Tracy Chevalier writes as though she is painting a picture.  Her writing took me beyond the Vermeer painting...it took me back in time.  I repeatedly looked at the picture as Ms. Chevalier wrote this historically romantic story that brought Griet alive on the pages.
B00003CXFG|4.0|I heartily recommend this one to anyone who likes their films to be thoughtful and character-driven. In short, it was very tense and played beautifully on a large amount of moral ambiguity. None of the characters were quite what they seemed, and the resulting conflicts played out in a thoroughly gripping fashion.<br />I am very fond of stories that build on such ambiguities and explore them in a thoughtful and intelligent manner so I definitely encourage you to check this one out.
B00004X01U|3.0|To say that I wasn't that impressed with this album would be an understatement.  I love Madonna's work and have been a fan since 1982.  After ROL (one of my favorites), I was really looking forward to Madonna's new album.  Well, I've had the album for 2 months now and I've listened to it approximately 4 times.       It's not that the music is terrible; it's just that this album lacks a certain cohesiveness that most of her other albums possess.  The songs don't exactly flow easily into each other; there is a very choppy feel to the works on this CD.  It's almost as if Madonna could not decide whether to make this a folk album, an electronic &quot;trance&quot; album, or a retro 80's album.  The reason for this may be because of her use of several different producers whose work is very different from one another.  Just as you get into the mood of a couple of the songs, the whole tempo and style will change abruptly with the next couple of songs.      I must say that I find Mirwais' style of music a little too &quot;un-hip&quot; for my own tastes. The vocoder thing came and went a few years ago (and it wasn't even that cool when Cher did it). Some of the synthesizer effects were just downright goofy.  This guy seems like he's one step out of sync with the rest of the music scene. Madonna may find him a &quot;genius;&quot;however, I do not. Stick with William Orbit if you're looking for someone who has a talent for electronica.      As for the songs themselves, my very favorite was &quot;Don't Tell Me.&quot; I liked the words written by Joe Henry, and it had an upbeat tempo. This one was different from the usual Madonna fare in a good way!  My other favorite song was &quot;Impressive Instant.&quot;  It takes you in, spins you around, and makes you feel caught up inside the music itself. It is awesome!  The song I disliked the most was track number 9, &quot;Paradise.&quot;  This one is very creepy and depressing-sounding in an Otto Von Werner-esque sort of way. Between the vocoder, the synthesizer, and the lyrics, I cannot even force myself to listen to this one. Another song that was similar to this that I also disliked was track # 6, &quot;Nobody's Perfect.&quot;  It has a very draggy tempo,odd whispered lyrics, and again the dreaded vocoder thing going on.      All in all, this is an iffy album at best. Some of the lyrics are good; some of the songs are good. It has its moments of brilliance, but not enough to carry the entire album. On the whole,it's rather hit or miss, and I found the whole thing to be lacking in a certain &quot;je-ne-se-quois.&quot; I wouldn't say don't buy this, but I cannot whole-heartedly recommend it either.
0060977493|5.0|I read this book for the first time in October,97.I must confess then Ifelt that it was  truly a great work but could not realize its full impact.I read it secondtime only in November,2000 after a gap of nearly three years.I want to tell everybody that it is a work of dreams and poetry which only a creative beauty can accomplish.The choice of words is  itself artistic.It is a tragedy revealed with such an emotional intensity that only those who have a capacity to percieve human experiences from the inner recesses of soul can appreciate.Yes, this work is not meant for those who want a quick kick out of fantasies.  Rahel is very expressive,Estha is quite silent but the tragedy of Ammu affects them equally.Velutha epitomizes the changing contours of once untouchable section of Indian society.The sociological import of this book goes far beyond the original scope with which Ms. Roy might have started writing it.           Let everyone who wants to review this piece of haunting music do it only after its second reading.
B00003CXE7|5.0|If you enjoyed this movie in the theatre, this is a must have DVD set!  Aside from a magnificent film, the additional footage and commentary features of this DVD make it a great deal.<br />I absolutely loved it when I saw it in the theatres, and I was looking forward to being able to see it on DVD, and I was definitely not disappointed.<br />5 stars for Ridley Scott!
B00003CX8J|5.0|Remember that stinker Spider-Man movie in the 70's?  Or how about that terrible early 90's Captain America?  Dolph Lungren as the Punisher!!??!! It seems that the only cool comic characters that became movies were Superman, Batman, Blade, MIB, and that cool Hulk TV show with Bill Bixby. But the long overdue  X-Men is about as good as you can get for a comic movie while staying fairly true to the original.<br />Although we see the origins of Magneto and Rogue, the story seems to center around Wolverine (who is no doubt the most popular of the X-Men).  We see how Wolvie survives as a drifter in Canada, unable to remember his past as a military experiment, how he and Rogue meet up with the X-Men and are taken to Xavier's school,where there are cameos by Jubilee,Iceman, and a kid with blue hair (Beast perhaps?), and the X-Men's struggle not only with Magneto and the public who fears them, but with themselves.  The tension between Wolvie and Cyclops is great too.<br />Hugh Jackman is AWESOME as the ol' Canuckle Head (it seems as though he IS Wolvie) and has some of the best lines in the movie.  Cyclops to Logan: &quot;How do we know it's really you?&quot;  Logan: &quot;You're a d--k!!&quot; CLASSIC!!!  Patrick Stewart as Professor X is pretty convincing as well.<br />Comic purists will find fault with the movie, as did sub geeks with U571, war geeks with The Patriot, gun geeks with all the Lethal Weapon movies, and all cops with any Dirty Harry movie.  &quot;The uniforms were different!&quot;  &quot;The air inlet on the Blackbird isnt correct!&quot;  &quot;Where were the Sentinels?&quot; This movie is set up perfectly for a sequel, which will no doubt come soon.<br />Sound is great, picture is great, everything was great!!!
0140189378|4.0|This is a book about a man who is tired of life in NY City, tired of his father, tired of everything...the writing is a little hard to understand at first, but soon enough one can understand it. The fact that this book (or novella) is 107 pages (with relatively big font size) is good, because one can read it quickly. I was able to read the whole book in 3 days. I do recommend this because it is a GOOD book.
B000002B5L|5.0|What can I say? The Score by the Fugees was definitely their best effort. While the group soon split up and the members, with the exception of Lauryn, tried to capture the Fugees' formula with less success, The Score still stands the test of time. On this release, the Fugees matured from Blunted On Reality and became much more focused. The beats are interesting relying on nice drum and bass lines mixed with reggae, soul, and lots of hip-hop flavor. The lyrics are very good, and the group seems very confident and relaxed when it comes to the delivery. Check out the classic &quot;Fu-Gee-La,&quot; the Diamond produced title track, and the posse cut &quot;Cowboys&quot; featuring members of the Outsidaz. And of course, the two cover tunes work. Lauryn proves she is a great singer on &quot;Killing Me Softly&quot; while the &quot;No Woman, No Cry&quot; cover adds a new twist to the classic Bob Marley song. The only low points with this album might be the skits which can get monotonous and stupid after a while. Otherwise, The Score definitely deserves a listen.
B00000F3TS|5.0|I must write a little on this most wonderful movie.  I saw this movie a few years ago for the first time and fell in love with the charaters who were all so memorable.  The underground treasure hunt through all manner of booby traps while been chased by a few low grade criminals was one of the best cinematic moments of my life.  Finding treasure is every kids and grownups dream and this film just catapulted all of that excitement into this action packed film. BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT! TRUST ME IT IS MORE THAN WORTH THE MONEY SPENT BECAUSE MANY OF THE FILMS YOU BUY FOR $20+ YOU CAN'T WATCH TEN TIMES RUNNING, I CAN'T GET TIRED YET.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|It all started over 40 years ago, and begins 40 years later, from the open track &quot;love me do&quot; to the last &quot; The long and winding road&quot; This album takes you back to a time when the music truly began. I sit listening to the music and I truly remember the good time, and forget on what going on in the world today. The Beatles knew what they were doing, they knew that there were changes coming. The music on this album spoke to that generation, as it speaks to a whole new one today, the tracks still to this day speaks to you, as working man, I find that &quot;A Hard Days Night adds a whole new meaning to me now, as with so many of the others do. As we head into a new century, and with a no. 1 book on the top ten, one must wonder, were will The Beatles take us next. Maybe a whole new Magical Mystery Tour again.
B0000508U6|2.0|Is it just me or does Coldplay remind you just a little bit too much of Travis? The only reason I gave this album 2 stars is because there is only 2 good songs on it 1-Don't Panic, 2-Yellow, the rest of the album is just pretty much filler. There was so much hype surrounding the release of Parachutes that I just had to go out and see what all this commotion was about for myself. Also forget all those comparisons being made to Radiohead, Coldplay is not even remotely close to being mentioned in the same breath as Radiohead. If you are looking for something to tide you over until some new Travis material arrives then I suggest this album. Otherwise don't bother, this is a very unoriginal and sappy album, I hope that Coldplay one day find there own identity and sound and then maybe, just maybe you could mention them in the same sentence with the likes of Radiohead.
B000001FY9|5.0|I was introduced to Bob Marley by my Social Studies teacher, a cool Jamaican dude. He plays this CD everyday in class. It's soothing and beautiful. I love each one, each time I hear them, my heart swells up and I just smile. Wonderful, wonderful music. God Bless Bob.
0451196716|3.0|I just finished reading the long walk a few days ago and i have to say that i was fasinated with the concept of the book. The idea is very original and entertaining. However the ending was disappointing. The author never tells us what happens after Ray Garraty &quot;seems&quot; to have won the long walk.
B000050XEI|4.0|The return of enya is welcome as a day wthout rain (in Ireland, not in the dessert !) It seems she has embraced the qualities of brevity in all her songs. In short, they are all hopelessly too short. Having 5 long years to construct the album (that's how the album feels : constructed), you'd think they'd have made the songs clock in at 4 minutes at least.  Anyway, enya seems to be writing the new-age 3-minute pop song. tte
B00003CX8J|4.0|I liked this movie. Was it the greatest super-hero movie ever? No. That title still goes to Superman 2 in my opinion. But this movie does show that modern technology can make comic book creations come to life on screen without looking overly garish. From Cyclops optic blasts to Wolverines claws, we get treated with some very nice special effects and pretty good dialogue among the characters. There could have been some definite improvements to the movie such as finding a more realistic lookking wig for Storm or getting an older actor to play Cyclops as Jean looked way too old for him.  As for the dvd, the picture is clean and crips. Definitely a pleasure to view. Extras are pretty sparse with the standard character art, language select, etc. The dvd says that there are ten minutes of extra footage. Let me clarify this. First off, you could play he extra footage by themselves or view them while watching the regular feature. However, the footage isn't exactly cleaned up so it looks out of place and blurry a bit. Also, some footage are the same exact scenes as in the regular feature with some extra dialogue that had been spliced out. So, when you view the footage with the feature you could be seeing the same scenes twice. Another thing..this disc may have problems playing in older dvd players. I couldn't get it to play on my first gen Phillips Magnavox player, but it did play well on my portable Panasonic dvd-l50 and my Playstation 2. So be forewarned if you have an older receiver.
0792153367|5.0|I love this movie. From the first scene when Holly(Audrey Hepburn) alighted from the yellow cab to have breakfast in front of Tiffany to  the very last scene when Holly and Paul(George Peppard) reunited and kissing in the rain.<br />Mesmerizing film, shine in all departments. Excellent adaptation from Truman Capote's same name novel. Skillful directing by Blake Edwards and flawless performances from both the leads and not forgetting great supporting casts. This role was made for Audrey Hepburn, she was graceful, witty, charismatic and totally awesome. One of her best performance ever!<br />The story was about a free spirited and helpless Holly Golightly who lived with a nameless 'Cat', didn't want to own anything and afraid of love and commitments. Life pretty much socializing because holly's goal in life to marry one of the richest man under 50. Things take a twist with Paul Varjak moved into the apartment below hers. Paul was a struggling writer who actually a kept man by a rich lady. They became neighbour to friends then soul mate and eventually lovers.<br />This is not the usual romance story, \\"Breakfast at Tiffany's\\" is a timeless classic, showed sincerity, sensibility and class.<br />I also love the song of this movie \\"Moon River\\". Who can forget the part when Holly plucking the strings of the guitar and singing it \\"moonnn----riv---ver\\"...... <br />This movie touch my heart with memorable characters, song, etc and I've watched it from time to time because each time I watch it, I renewed the feeling. Marvellous vintage classic.Simply divine!
B000000W5L|5.0|There have been many great albums in the history of rock, and music in general. Dark Side of the Moon, Led Zeppelin IV, the White Album, Who's Next etc and then theres Exile on Main Street. Yes it doesn't have the incredible flow, or awsome sound effects of DSOTM, nor does it have the musical or lyrical mastery of LZIV or the White Album. There is something behind this album. The songs, they seem to be more than songs, they tell about life, real life, not some &quot;lucy in the sky&quot; or a &quot;stairway to heaven&quot;. The songs show human emotions, a darkness in the soul which keith and mick managed to make so well into incredible music... yes there are some relative hits on this album, happy and tumbling dice, but they weren't huge. This album has no stairway... yet its like no other I've ever listened to. Songs like Lovin' Cup, Let it Loose and Shine a Light really get me thinking... Songs like Rocks Off, Happy and All Down the Line have great music and lyrics. If you don't already own this album, BUY IT, you will not regret it... 18 masterpieces
6302424739|5.0|I thanked the man at Central Park who introduced &quot;84 Charing Cross Road&quot; to Anne Bancroft and Mel Brooks for help making it into a film. David Hugh Jones did a splendid directing.  Marvellous adaptation of Helene Hanff's book which I cherish. Without this film I may never find such a terrific book. Great contribution to books-lovers and movie-goers.<br />I love this film.It's one of my all time favourite! Very literary unique with exquisite performances from Anne Bancroft and Anthony Hopkins.<br />This bitter sweet true story is about lifelong letters correspondence between a struggling writer Helene Hanff(Bancroft) and a book dealer Frank Doel(Hopkins). It began when Helene, a New Yorker responded to an advertisement in the &quot;Saturday Review of Literature&quot;. She wanted to mail order out of prints or cheaper edition old books from a London book shop which Frank worked as a book dealer. The book shop was located in 84 Charing Cross Road. At first everything were strictly business like. Helene was always interested and amazed by English Literature and cultures and Frank vice-versa,intrigue by this American. Eventually,they developed a special friendship,an unspoken love and care for each other without even seeing each other. They were like soul mates and that was extraordinary.<br />The cultural and social differences between London and New York during that period were vividly illustrated.  It's so touching to see Helene finally going to London.Her love for english literature was sincere and remarkable. This made the movie so unforgettable and great. Beacause all these actually did happened and those people really existed. <br />Both Anne Bancroft and Anthony Hopkins were astonishing in their roles. Also with great supporting casts like Judi Dench and Maurice Denham.<br />This movie taught me about books,the magic of literature,friendship and many more.It also showed there are many different kind of perpetual love and care. I'll always re-watch it because I find it's a classic which touch my heart and soul.
0679879269|1.0|After a wonderful beginning in The Golden Compass, and a decent continuation in The Subtle Knife, the &quot;Dark Materials&quot; trilogy falls flat in its confused and unsatisfying end.  Reading The Amber Spyglass made clear why its projected publication date had been delayed so many times -- Pullman  had no idea how to end his tale and, after reading the book, I wish its publication had been delayed even further so that he might have gotten it right.  Characters act completely out of character with no discernible motive; new contrivances are introduced without need and abandoned without explanation; even the Amber Spyglass that gives the book its title seems a meaningless afterthought.  All in all, a confused ponderous muddle that, because of its lack of continuity with the prior books, overemphasizes what appears to be the only clear theme in this installment -- a vicious attack on Christianity and the Judeo-Christian God.  Pullman's collapse as a storyteller is forgiveable; his waiting until the third volume of an otherwise engaging trilogy of books aimed largely at pre-teens/early teens to make clear the message he is delivering to them is not.  Pullman's subtle knife in theology's back aside, those who compare this trilogy to Tolkien's need to read Lord of the Rings again; as a work of literature, fantasy, and morality, it incomparably outshines Pullman's Dark Materials.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Simply put this collection is one of those few CDs that you can listen to every song and enjoy. Yes, I already have all of the Beatles studio albums both on vinyl and CD and I also have the Past Masters CDs, but like many people I wondered: &quot;Where are the stereo versions of &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; and &quot;Beatles For Sale&quot;? They do not exist in an official capacity. I did not buy the Red and Blue (1962 - 1966 &amp; 1967-1970) collections because I didn't trust the mastering. Therefore this CD gives me the stereo versions of &quot;Hard Day's Night&quot; &amp; &quot;Eight Days A Week&quot; at last and in a remastered condition. All of the songs on this CD are remastered and the sound is excellent. Now EMI, how about putting out a remastered stereo version of the albums &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; &amp; &quot;Beatles For Sale&quot;?
0553278223|5.0|What a great book!! Amazing Plot, beautiful writing, definitly one of the best ever!! You will not regret buying it. And it's short too, which is nice. Also, it's very deep, you learn a lot from it.
B000031WD9|5.0|This movie is one of the funniest comedies of all time. I think tht anyone who has a mind for comedy would really like this movie. although thay added four scenes on to this movie i dont see it that much different that the normal one. they had to cut 4 scenes in the rated version to get an &quot;R&quot; rating. since this one is not rated they added those scenes on and they make it a little more fun. i love the outakes and the dvd-rom behind the scenes. so, if you like comedy this one belongs in your dvd rack.
B00001QGIQ|4.0|i loved this movie because it was so charming. it helps children who are becoming moody pre-teens get through that stage of learning. it never gets too complex, but it hints at how different the world is from Sunday School while being age appropriate. it doesn't become condescending.  a lot can be accomplished if the family sits down afterwards and discusses its themes. the other reviews are far superior to mine, but i felt moved to offer my spin.  Classic Disney movies are never a waste of money because they teach, entertain or remind adults of the problems in being a human being, no matter how old you are.
B00004YRQA|5.0|ok. you need a memory card to save your games. you can only save playstation 2 games to a playstation 2 memory card, you can only save playstation 1 games to a playstation 1 memory card. so if want to save your games this is a super important buy.
6300274195|5.0|if you saw this movie when you were a kid, i beg you to sit down and watch it again.  most classic Disney movies operate on several levels of understanding.  probably you saw and liked the movie when you were a kid, and you will see the greater wisdom intertwined in the story later as an adult.  this is a lemonade out of lemons movie.  in a dramatic yet softened by hope and new opportunities, way, this movie is about losses that happen to everyone. it offers the lesson that fairness is often missing in human affairs, and grief happens to the innocent. it demonstrates that you can survive the losses, and you can go on with your life and get fun back if you make the effort to move on. watch this by yourself, with adults or with your kids.  but be sure to set out the hankies.  you will cry with dumbo over his losses, and cry when everything turns out ok.  one of Disneys' best.
B00003W8NM|5.0|i absolutly love this movie. i watch it almost everyday in the mornings and cant put it down. although it has is gory parts in the movie i think that the story is well developed and was very well written. i think this is a must have dvd for anyone who likes sports, action films, or just likes watching good movies. P.S- this movie looks great on dvd and has some pretty cool scenes.
0780631684|4.0|The first 20 minutes of this movie had me falling off the edge of my seat, and did not let up. A very young, and relatively unknown cast brings to life what can only be seen as an inventive and very scary screenplay. Without giving too much content away, it deals with the premise that one's time to die if accidentally missed will catch up with you, and deals with a young group of friends - one of whom has premonitions about fateful events. Gripping, absorbing with more twists than a good roller coaster, you will not be able to stop watching until the end credits. A Great Movie
B00004XMVH|3.0|U-571 is a typical Hollywood B flick, with all the formulaic trappings you know by heart. Other reviewers have compiled the historical and technical inaccuracies, so I won't repeat them here.<br />No, U-571 poses no threat at all to Das Boot.  You won't miss much if you skip it.  Just keep it on your &quot;maybe&quot; list  ... sooner or later, you'll need an undemanding, mildly enjoyable actioner for your pizza-and-a-video night.
6305897786|3.0|I first saw this movie expecting a horror / thriller and impressed by the cast (Johnny Depp is excellent) was steadily absorbed by it's moody and suspenseful storyline. Unfortunately that's where you leave it - after being on the edge of your seat for nearly two hours, and playing guess and double guess what's about to happen - the end titles appear. A very brilliant idea for a story, is wasted and as good as the performances of Depp, and Langella and as impressive as the artful direction of Polanski is they cannot save this movie. Do yourself a favour - Rent before you Buy
B00004ZAV3|5.0|this is the best hits cd of any beatles cds out there. 27 of the most popular songs on just 1 cd, who could ask for more? it would be hard not to become a beatles fan after listening to this one. i love it!!!!
0792110188|5.0|I have probably seen this movie about 30 - 40 times, and never tire of it. A great cast, including a rather tender aged James Caan work a virtually mirrored script to Rio Bravo, but somehow make it different. Howard Hawks was so impressed with James Caan who played his &quot;Mississippi&quot; role with absolute solemnity, saying that it made his character even more believable during the films many humorous moments. Robert Mitchum is superb, as are Christopher George and Ed Asner, but make no mistake this film belongs to John Wayne. His trademark laconic tough guy style oozes throughout the picture, and as predictable as the movie is, it is an absolute joy to watch over and over again. A worthy addition to any home collection, if you've seen - see it again, if not you're either too young, or you've never watched much TV!. GREAT!!
B000002C25|3.0|Oasis 3rd album, &quot;Be Here Now&quot;, was the rather unsuccessful follow-up to 1995's multi-platinum &quot;(What's The Story) Morning Glory?&quot;.  &quot;Morning Glory&quot; was such a brilliantly crafted masterpiece that seemed impossible to top, and &quot;Be Here Now&quot; pales in comparison.  That's not to say that this is a bad album, it just lacks that certain sound that made &quot;Morning Glory&quot; so special.  Here's a track by track review:<br />&quot;D'You Know What I Mean?&quot; was the first single, and while it's lyrically thought provoking it lacks the great melodies that were so abundant on the &quot;Morning Glory&quot; tracks.  It has more of an edge than anything on &quot;Morning Glory&quot;, and sounds like something written for &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot;.  Still, it's a good song that gets better the more times you listen to it.<br />&quot;My Big Mouth&quot; is probably the most hard rock Oasis song to date.  The lyrics aren't bad but the tune itself is very bland.  It's just an uninspiring attempt at hard rock.  Noel Gallagher has written far better songs than this.<br />&quot;Magic Pie&quot; is the only song on the album sung by Noel, and I think that's the only reason he put it on the album.  It's too slow, too long, grossly overproduced, and incredibly bland.  Some of the lyrics are okay, but the rest of the song is just plain boring.  Noel should've listened to Liam this time and put &quot;Stay Young&quot; on the album instead of this track.<br />&quot;Stand By Me&quot; is one of the better tracks on the album.  It's kind of a power ballad / anthem with honest and sometimes humorous lyrics.  While I must admit that I like this song, the chorus is very repetitive, and I find that the more times I listen to it the more bland the song becomes.  Still, it's a pleasant song to listen to with a good melody.<br />&quot;I Hope, I Think, I Know&quot; is just your average Oasis pop tune.  It's nothing special, but it does contain better than average lyrics that provide some insight into the Gallagher brothers' disputes with the media.  The tune itself is catchy, so it certainly makes for a pleasant listen.<br />&quot;The Girl In The Dirty Shirt&quot; is one of my favorite tracks on the album.  I can't explain it, but I absolutely love the chorus to this song.  It has one of those melodies that sticks in your head for hours after you've listened to it.  The lyrics are amusing, which only adds to my enjoyment of this song.<br />&quot;Fade In-Out&quot; is second only to &quot;Magic Pie&quot; in the battle for worst song on the album.  It's WAY too slow and incredibly bland.  It's also too long, and the fact that it moves along at such a slow pace makes you feel like the song will never end.  The lyrics make no sense at all, so this song really has nothing going for it.  It's a song I usually skip when I play this album.  Hmmm...maybe it is worse than &quot;Magic Pie&quot;?<br />&quot;Don't Go Away&quot; is by far the best song on the album.  It was the second single in the US yet, surprisingly, it was never released as a proper UK single.  This song is a classic Noel Gallagher ballad with beautiful lyrics and a top notch melody.  If you've ever heard Noel sing this song in it's acoustic version, you can truly appreciate what a beautiful song it is. <br />&quot;Be Here Now&quot; is another standout track on the album.  It's definitely one of the more hard rock tracks on the album, but this time Noel did it right by surrounding a great melody with layers of electric guitars.  The lyrics may not make any sense, but the catchy melody will have you singing along in no time.  The keyboard intro adds a nice touch as well.<br />&quot;All Around The World&quot; was the track that Noel claimed the world wasn't ready for when he wrote it years before releasing this album.  For the life of me I can't figure out why.  Granted, it's a catchy tune that was thoroughly (if not overly) produced, but it pales in comparison toother so-called &quot;epics&quot; like &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot;.  I do enjoy the fact that the instrumentation gradually increases throughout the song, adding layer upon layer of guitars, horns, etc. until there's nothing left to add.  It's the longest track on the album, but it seems to fly by because of the incredible instrumentation.  It's a standout track, but it's nothing the world wasn't ready for.<br />&quot;It's Gettin' Better (Man!!)&quot; is another hard rock tune that's well written but entirely too long.  I mean, how many times can Liam keep repeating the song title...it just seems like this song will never end.  The melody is good and the lyrics aren't bad either, but this song, like much of this album, is way too long and has been over-produced.<br />&quot;All Around The World (Reprise)&quot; is just an instrumental end to this album.  Nothing special here, just the &quot;All Around The World&quot; music being played without Liam's vocals.<br />I realize this album has been slammed by critics for many of the things I've pointed out (i.e. it's too long and over-produced to the max), and it pains me to have to agree with these critics.  I love Oasis, and I think Noel Gallagher is an absolutely brilliant songwriter, but this album is just bland and uninspiring by Oasis standards.  Noel Gallagher raised the bar for songwriting and production when he created &quot;Morning Glory&quot;, so &quot;Be Here Now&quot; just doesn't measure up.  This isn't a bad album, but I must admit it's my least favorite.  If you're a die hard Oasis fan, you're sure to find something on this album you really like.  If you're a relatively new fan, start with the &quot;Morning Glory&quot; CD if you want to hear Oasis at their very best.
0800132335|5.0|Originally screened in six 45 minute episodes, this film charts the story of a typical German U-Boat crew during WWII. But even trimmed to video length, this is one of the best WWII films ever made - The cast, script, soundtrack, and sets are all outstanding, but the triumph of this picture is that regardless of nationality or allegiances, the narrative direction is impartial in it's delivery - depicting the horror and futility of war. Through victory, loss, pain and laughter you become drawn in to the characters of each one of the U-Boats crew, and the movie is uplifting as well as emotionally engaging.  Without the graphic splendour of many later underwater films, this movie is an intense human drama that few who have watched, have failed to remember. Although also available in English language format, it is best when viewed in its original German language so DVD is the best choice here, giving lots of options, and extra information.
B00003CWPR|2.0|This film is apparently not lacking reviews.  Here's my $0.02: I don't only go to the movies for action or drama; I find many artsy movies to be entertaining and enjoyable.  But with any 'art', appreciation is entirely subjective.  To me, this was a painting you'd find in a modern art museum.  The one that looked like a monkey splattered the canvas with paint.  Beautiful?  Maybe to some.  Call me the kid that says the emperor's naked, but this film failed to touch me on any level.  I could write paragraphs like most of the other reviewers, but there's really no need.  I do not recommend this movie not because it's art that I don't appreciate, but because in my opinion I don't believe that it's art at all.  Obviously, though, there are others who disagree.
6305363668|4.0|Based on the little known Philip K Dick book \\"Do androids dream of electric sheep?\\" from the 1960's this is one of Ridley Scotts earliest and probably best outings. Harrison Ford plays a futuristic Philip Marlowe type character, hired to track down some runaway and villainous human cyborgs. A moody and dark picture, it captures a pretty bleak image of the future, but carries some touching sentiments about the endearing qualities and failures of human beings, and the films climax is both touching and memorable. Initially a little disjointed at the beginning of the picture, and at times surreal in directorial quality it is nonetheless an exceptional movie, with an excellent script, and cast - Sean Young plays the very beautiful romantic interest, and there are also some early outings for Daryl Hannah, and Rutgar Hauer. Although the Sfx are somewhat behind today's computer aided wonders, the fact remains that this is a very well made and believable movie. As if this weren't recommendation enough the film also contains a stunning soundtrack by Vangelis, which was not actually released until recently. There are several versions available including wide screen and DVD but be warned however this more recent \\"Directors Cut\\" release was actually a bad idea, cutting Fords talkovers, and leaving more questions than it set out to answer from the original movie. One of the best Science Fiction Films of the last 20 years.
B000002UAR|5.0|This is a Beatles album, and a good one even by Beatles standards, so it does deserve five stars. However, I would not call it the greatest Beatles album ever made. In fact, I would rank it either number four or five (behind the &quot;White Album&quot;, &quot;Abbey Road&quot;, &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot;, and possibly &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;). It has some fantastic moments on it, like &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;, &quot;Got To Get You Into My Life&quot;, and &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot;. However, something about the whole package makes it less addictive than the albums above. It's not as unified as either &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; or &quot;Abbey Road&quot;, not as wildly eclectic as &quot;The Beatles&quot;, or as exuberant as &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;. It's hard to explain, but there is something that &quot;Revolver&quot; lacks.<br />Don't get me wrong, it's still great, just not the best work in the Beatles catalog.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is by far the greatest movie I have ever seen.  Russell Crowe Does an ecellent job.  This movie may not be ALL historically accurate, but it is close.  It is somewhat like Titanic....mixing history and a fictional story.  I would however rate this movie 5 of 5 because this is not a movie of just gore, but revenge.  The story is clear, the sound is great and the actors are great.  GET THIS MOVIE ASAP!
B00003CX8J|1.0|Wish You Well by David Baldacci is one book I just couldn't put down.  A great story about one family's life on top of a mountain in the Appalachian Mountains of Virginia in the early 1940's.  Its about honesty, integrity, hope and true love.  In particular, it is about a young girl and her brother who grow up and learn what life is really all about...about having decent values and not compromising the truth.  Great character development.  Interesting facts about rural life in the mountains.  Superb story.  I only wish I could have been there myself.
0897500482|5.0|In contrast to many present day martial artists, Lee didn't regard his own skills as a monolithic, immutable religion that never needed to change. He had the true humility to keep evolving his art, improving it without fear of discarding what had become useless--whether classical or not. The &quot;Tao&quot; is a fascinating look at a bold and curious mind at work. What rigid classicists fail to realize when they refuse to evolve ever because their style is &quot;carved in stone&quot;, is that even in their own art, somebody at somepoint had to CREATE it, either from some new combination of older styles or out of nothing.
B000002J1S|5.0|Thank god for Peter Gabrial!!! Dont get me wrong I like Phill but you just cant beat Pete for his zaney off the wall lyrics and stage antics. If it wasen't for him the band would have been making radio songs all along, but Peter was trying to really create something special on the Lamb, and what they came up with is nothing short of remarkable! A double CD concept album and a true masterwork, truly placing them in the same catagory of writing epics with Yes, Rush, Pink Floyd, King Crimson and ELP. This album is one of the bands best albums ever second only to Selling England by the Pound from '73 but a 5 star effort all the way!
B0000019PA|5.0|Any talk of Elephant 6 invariably involves references to The Beatles and The Beach Boys, so obvious is their influence upon bands such as Olivia Tremor Control and Apples In Stereo. Neutral Milk Hotel share their love of melody, harmony and experimentalism, but go off into an altogether more wonderful direction, sounding in turns like Bob Dylan or Nirvana.<br />Quite simply, In The Aeroplane Over The Sea is a perfect album, essential and addictive. Jeff Mangum has the kind of voice that resonates so beautifully and implores so desperately that it's impossible not to be moved by his strange fairytale narratives and dark secrets. The themes that run through all the songs, and the way the sound ebbs and flows, bring you right back to the beginning once the 40 minutes of the album are over. Warning: you will listen to this on repeat play and the songs will be spinning around your head for weeks.<br />'Holland, 1945' and 'Ghost' are in a similar vein to the thrilling 'Song Against Sex' from On Avery Island, but with more layers of brass, more harmonies and more energy. However, the fuzz and muddy 'closet' sound of NMH's first album are largely replaced by eerie, otherworldly sounds and stark acoustic narratives. The twin parts of 'Two-Headed Boy' and the meandering 'Oh Comely' are especially simple and affecting, weaving images and emotions like delicate tapestries.<br />The three parts of 'The King of Carrot Flowers' mutate from the catchy and joyous first part, through the yearning cry of &quot;I love you Jesus Christ!&quot; in part two, to the hurtling finale of part three, caught up in the &quot;waves and undertow&quot;. The title track is perfect folk-pop (&quot;How strange it is to be anything at all&quot;). The two instrumentals, 'The Fool' and the untitled tenth track, add to the exultant but disorientating atmosphere, and the lyrics veer from impressions of digust at humanity to an unstoppable hope.<br />All the songs are just great, the artwork is superb, and Ican't express how happy this record makes me.<br />BUY IT NOW.
B000002U9Y|5.0|This album should be given more credit. They started to dabble in the Progressive side of it all. And when they started to get really good. Most reviewers say this ablum is not quite to par with '67s Piper because of the lack of Syd. Those who said it should have there head checked. Waters and Wright are far better writers. Its truly one of Floyds best. Second only to Ummagumma. You just cant beat that dark uneasy and errie feel to this album. It centinaly casts long shadows. A terrific period for them.
0380733358|5.0|This is the grandfather of spine tingling WWII thrillers with colorful characters who surprise and delight the reader and never disappoint or condescend.<br />The story of the top Abwher spy, deeply planted in wartime England and the crew of counter espionage agents who relentlessly hunt him. Eye of the needle is Ken Follett's most inspired work. The characters are new, fresh and original. They are reused freely in his later works, sometimes to the detrament of the books, but here they are bright and unique.<br />The narrative give the reader insight into the conflicts of war torn England, both within and without. A peek at the despair war can bring and the true merciless nature of warfare and espionage.<br />There are several very similar works on the market, but none of them come close to the power and reality created on these pages. You will come away with the sights and smells of the drama clinging to your senses even though you have experienced them through the imagination of the author.<br />This is also one of the most well written of all Follett's books, with the advent of the mind's eye point-of-view that appears later in other offerings, but without the delivery found in Eye Of The Needle.<br />You will come to love and hate the protagonist, who is the determined spy as he tried so desperately to deliver his message and the tenacious hounds of British Intelligence who hunt him.<br />If you enjoy WWII thrillers and want to escape this day and time, this is the book for you. You will have difficulty putting it down. It's still Ken Follett's best.
B000002J1B|5.0|What more could be said about this album than what's already been said on earlier reviews. Its Yes at their creative peak,  quite simply. Only Close to the Edge ranks up with this gem
B000001GK9|5.0|Karajan made two recordings of the 9th in the early 80s: this live digital one and an analog one prior to it. The analog recording is akin to a ship preparing to sail. This live performance is the final full-mast departure. What makes it preferable? Well, just to start I think of it as a triple swan-song, in that it is 1) one of Mahler's last works, 2) one of Karajan's last performances, and 3) in Bernstein's and my own estimation, one of the major works that put closure to the Romantic Era (albeit in the early part of the 20th century.)<br /><br />It would indeed be a shame if, after all that, it were a bad performance. Fortunately, it shines on all fronts. There are moments of pure magic throughout. Woodwinds give rise to the fleeting gusts of spring and autumn. The brass sounds manifest shifting inward passions. The strings speak alternately of joy, sorrow, yearning for things lost, and resignation. And everywhere the music echoes the impermanence of all things.<br /><br />It has been said again and again that this is a symphony about death. I disagree. I think of it as a supreme affirmation of life, which incorporates serenity, celebration, nostalgia, anger, and sadness, among other feelings. Part of the whole celebration is an acknowledgment and acceptance of death.<br /><br />One achievement that sets this performance apart from others is the delivery of the final movement. The gradual acknowledgment and acceptance of death here is the closest representation of achieving Zen Buddhist clarity in the Western symphonic tradition. This final movement has its gusts of passion, longing for beauty, and pain, but in the end what it achieves is a supreme detachment from all things. It leaves you cold.
B000002J2D|2.0|They really streamlined there sound here as a departure from the golden age of progressive sound they once possessed.  Too bad there not making this in an attempt to be creative but to sell themselves into top 40 music charts.  Don't get me wrong, change is good, but not on this album. Get Selling England by the Pound, Foxtrot, or The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway insted.
B000002H97|5.0|I know some of you guys love this album, and some of you hate it.  I've been listening to Metallica for about 4 years now and this is the first album I picked up.  I love all of their albums but I regard this as one of their best.  It definitely got Metallica the attention they deserved.  These guys spent a long time down in the studio and spent a ton of money.  The songs on here are all pretty damn good and catchy.  Sure they might not be 10 minutes long like in Justice but these just seemed more &quot;finished&quot; than some of the songs on Justice.  The only song I'm not really fond of is &quot;Don't Tread On Me&quot; cause it just sound unnatural.  Everything else is cool.
B000002J1S|5.0|Thank god for Peter Gabrial!!! Dont get me wrong I like Phill but you just cant beat Pete for his zaney off the wall lyrics and stage antics. If it wasen't for him the band would have been making radio songs all along, but Peter was trying to really create something special on the Lamb, and what they came up with is nothing short of remarkable! A double CD concept album and a true masterwork, truly placing them in the same catagory of writing epics with Yes, Rush, Pink Floyd, King Crimson and ELP. This album is one of the bands best albums ever second only to Selling England by the Pound from '73 but a 5 star effort all the way!
B000002H97|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the best alblums ever, I loved every song except &quot;my friend of misery&quot;. This alblum definatly contains some of the best hard rock songs ever, such as &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, &quot;Sad But True&quot;, &quot;The Unforgigen&quot; and &quot;Where I May Roam&quot; . &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; is not really hard rock, but it is still one of my favorite songs. Classic Alblum.
B000002UA7|4.0|The technical artistry of this CD is poor and the consumer is better advised to get the original versions of these songs on the original albums, especially WUTHERING HEIGHTS. Yet, this CD was my introduction to Kate Bush and I fell in love with her brilliance and originality. Particularly moving for me is CLOUDBUSTING, a song based on Wilhelm Reich sung from the perspective of his son...incredible stuff. If you have never heard Kate Bush please get one of her albums, especially HOUNDS OF LOVE. You'll fall in love with her too...
B00003CXDG|3.0|John Woo disappoints again (another previous disappointment being Broken Arrow) by making a big budget movie with a very slow and badly realized screenplay. This movie seems like it wants to be too many cliches, and departs so much from the original Mission Impossible concept as to be deemed a James Bond wannabe. It does have some of those awesome action scenes one would expect from Woo, but many of these, unfortunately suffer from pointlessness.<br />The relationship between Cruise and Ms. Newton is a nice addition to the story as it brings a very human aspect to Cruise's character development, but it detracts from the orginal concept, making it look (dare I say it again), more Bondish, in it's one main super character and a babe against the world type of formula. This makes for relatively slow and boring cinema, and it's a true shame. It is a shame to see so much talent wasted on this script (i.e. Anthony Hopkins in a very poorly written cameo).<br />In conclusion, this movie doesn't know what it really wants to be. The first movie was better executed with a better script. If you enjoy John Woo films, it certainly has the shots and the action although more pointless and limited than in other films of his. I recommend that you rent this movie first, and if you really must have it, then buy it. You'll find that it only passes as momentary entertainment and as another hollywood example of wasted resources (actors, director, etc.).
0684833395|5.0|This book is amazing! It's simultaneously hilarious and unbearably tragic. Read this especially if you saw the movie and didn't understand it- it makes much more sense on paper. Don't put it aside if you don't like historical fiction or books about WWII- that's important, but it's not the focus. Let it make you think!
B00000064G|4.0|This is a totally deep album.  Drake is right on with all his lyrics, and it is defentely forshaddowing his untimely death.  For the avarage listener, this is not an easy listen at first, but it has a great effect on the lucky people that let it have an effect on them.  The way I stumbled on Drake was through listening to Badly Drawn Boy, who i aslo admire.  There are many comparisions there, but Drake is defentely the original.  The best song on this disc is &quot;Ride&quot;, which blends folk with a smidge of pop, without changing a thing.  Be forwarned, this disc consists of Drake and his guitar, which I find perfect.  If thats not your thing, then this isn't your thing.  I found this disc challenging to listen to but a great find at the same time.
0141301074|4.0|This book is great,but it is too short.It is exciting.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Obviously everyone with a pulse is aware that this material has all been released previously - at least several times. Therefore, anyone who buys this disc knows of the Red and Blue compilations and the original albums. To criticize the release on these grounds is irrelevant. We know what we are getting into when we buy. Those who choose to buy this disc are getting THE GREATEST 80-MINUTE SINGLE DISC IN COMPACT DISC HISTORY! The mere breadth and scope of this CD is mind-boggling! Cut the bickering! If you don't need the reissue, OK! But this is the single disc KING of CDs.
0064400557|5.0|I don't see why the other review writers didn't like this book.It's great,fantastic,and a must read.I would give the maximum number of stars,no matter how many stars allowed.But there is only 5.It deserves more than 100.More than 1,000.More than 1,000,000! Unlimited! But the endings for these E.B White books are a little sad (especially the one for Stuart Little,see my review on it.)But the good drowns out the sadness.Better than Stuart Little.In fact,I have to say that this is the best of all three books.I also wish there was a fourth book,like there is to Harry Potter,C.S Lewis,and Roald Dahl.The E.B White books rock the world of books!
B000002H70|5.0|I had never heard anything from the cure until I finally decided to see what the big deal is and I went ahead and ordered this album.  I popped it into my system not knowing what to expect.  When the the beautiful synths and bass kicked in at the beginning of plainsong it kind of hit me by surprised...but it was nothing compared to how blown away I was when the vocals kicked in.  The rest of this CD is equally as amazing.  Every single moment of it is just perfect, and I haven't heard many albums like that (the only other one that I can really think of right now is Nine Inch Nails' The Downward Spiral).  The bass work as well as the drums are very cool.  And please turn up the volume when you listen (you are even instructed to do this in the booklet).  I highly recommend this cd to anybody no matter what type of music you are into.
0141301066|5.0|This is a fantastic book! I really think you should get it! It's hard to decide which is better though,the book or the movie.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I just picked up this CD today after realizing how much I loved 'Thank You' and after seeing 'Here With Me' on VH1. Dido can really sing and this CD is really different than all that other trash that is out there now-a-days.  Her voice is very soothing and relaxing, and you can tell as soon as you hear her belt out the first word, that she truly can sing.  This is a good CD to just relax with, it really calms you down, so try this CD after you get home from a bad day at school or work, or if you're stressed out. 'Here With Me', 'Thank You', 'Don't Think of Me', 'Slide', and 'I'm No Angel' really stand out as some strong songs that you won't forget.  Buy Dido today and get ready for a really enjoyable listening experience!
B000051VWW|2.0|As much as I love Sade and her elusive, seductive sound, her latest CD struck me as having delivered a CD for all reasons save the one that counts most-her heart an soul was in it.  She obvioulsy waited 8 years to launch her latest-perhaps she should have waited several more years until she was really committed to delighting her fans.  Unfortunately, this does not measure up.
B0000507R0|5.0|Shivers up and down my spine!The hair on the back of neck stands up when I hear BSS in this format.I have heard this in album and cd format over 1,000 times.This DVD format sounds like it was recorded in 2000. Like never before you can hear everything.Every instrument in a way like never before. It has a live sound like your there.I have had the pleasure of seeing ELP live 3 times and it sounds very close to that, but better.  I own just a standard DVD player (non DVD &quot;audio&quot; player) and the surround sound effect is very,very good.Not overkill,tastefully done.It is very obvious a lot of time and effort was put into this remix.I just cannot believe they could get such a clean sound out of a 27 year old recording. The music?.....Like I said I`ve heard it over 1,000 times with many,many more to go.
B00002R0MC|5.0|Listening to Marley always makes me feel so grateful to be alive. His music resonates love through hope and faith. His music lives on because there will always be a desire for peace and unity within us. He encourages us to live life to its fullest, yet demands that we take nothing less than freedom from our oppressors.
0399146253|2.0|I think authors get to the point that cranking out the next book is more important than quality.  This book spends too much time covering event history from her previous book, Black Notice, and too many pages on points that should be covered quicker.  Did she have to have so much filler?  You just wanted to tell her, &quot;get on with the story&quot;.  And at the end, too many issues were just left hanging.  You want to say .... Wait a minute, what happened to whats his name and whats her name?  This book is certainly not the disaster of her Hornet's Nest or Southern Cross.  However, Ms. Cornwell has done better in other writing efforts.  I can only hope she demonstrates more creativity in her next book.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I don't know what some of you people don't like about this band.  Their music is original, they write songs that appeal to everyone and not one group in particular.  I don't have to sit and listen to them rap or sing about shooting up and smoking blunts or killing their babies mom.  They definately have not sold out to appeal to MTV.  This albumn like its predecessor and its sequal is a masterfully made work of art.  If you don't like this albumn go listen to your little teeny bopper sell out bands like offspring or eminem.  If you like great oringinal music, that can't be tied down into a catagory because it extends into so many, buy all three bizkit albumns and I promise that you will never stop listening to them.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I wont compare this film to Spartacus or any other gladiator epic of the past, as this film really is a new breed of gladiator film.  But I must say that I enjoy this better than Spartacus, the sets are much better and more realistic, the acting isnt as cheesy, and while I admit the story not being as good as Spartacus, Gladiator is simply more entertaining.  I just hope we're not bombarded with more gladiator flicks over the next few years.   That aside, this really is an enjoyable and worthwhile film.  Yes, it is a bit violent at times (the fight choreographer was the same person who designed Braveheart's battle scenes- just FYI so you know what you are in for!) but it also has a very emotional story. Cameron Crowe is about as great a heroic character as you'll find in modern films.  The cinematography is incredible!  Ok, so it borrows a bit from some other modern films (Private Ryan, Braveheart) but seeing an aerial view of ancient Rome is one of the better uses of CGI that I've seen. Surprisingly, alot of this film uses CGI but its done so well you never notice it!  The people in the Coloseum, for example, are mostly computer generated.  I hate computer invlovement with films but this time they did a decent job--well okay, except for that tiger...      The DVD package is outstanding, I really give hats off to Ridley Scott for consistently putting out excellent DVD packages.  Most reputable directors wont be bothered to give commentaries (Spielberg!) as perhaps they feel they dont need too, but Ridley Scott almost always takes the time to give us insight on his art.  His commentary on the Alien DVD was great, and this is no exception.  There are so many interesting extra materials they had to put it on a second disc (over 3 hours worth).  Also, unlike Spielberg's DVDs, the Dolby Digital and DTS soundtracks are on the same disc.  To find all this in a package under 20 bucks is really incredible.  Thanks to Ridley Scott (again) for making a great film and for putting out this great DVD package which basically shows off everything that is cool about the DVD format.  Mr. Scott definitely knows what his audience wants!  This is the best DVD purchase Ive ever made, hands down.
B00003CXE7|2.0|I really can't see why this film became so popular. It's basically the same story as Anthony Mann's THE FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE, with the thematics of SPARTACUS added to it. This should have been a good idea for a great entertaining as well as powerfully emotional movie in which the audience engage themselves in spite of the fact that the story is 2000 years ago.<br />SPARTACUS is still a powerful film because it's also a story about humanity and idealism; the equality of all humans, freedom, etc.,. It's also has a lot of strong visuals and fine performances through out the entire film; the subject matter is so engaging the actors should be good.<br />THE FALL OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE is a flawed film perhaps, but still is a great one in the way it investigates the corruption of power, which is also a very contemporary theme. (by the way, SPARTACUS was also partly directed by Mann).<br />Now comes GLADIATOR, which is a recent film, but I find it quite obselete because the thematic matter is reduced to one over-used stereotypical idea; the guy wants to fight against a poweful but corrupted empire because he wants to...see his family who are already dead? This mutilated hero doesn't even have the guts to revenge that precious family of his. Come on! Is that a bad joke or something?<br />How an actor, as good as he may be (and Crowe is a terrific one) can put his emotion in a character like this? Well, obviously he couldn't. All that remmains is the fact is that he is still good looking... The other actors are horrible. For instance, just compare the portrayal of the emperor as Anthony Mann envisioned him and the shallow vilan in this Ridley Scott version. <br />This film made me think again that Hollywood now has a lot to learn from its own history. Scott is basically a good, very skilled and inovative director I can't see why he could be satisfied with such an empty, uninteresting script.<br />Okay, I admit, the first 20 minutes battle sequence is quite interesting visually, and that's my reason for the one additional star. I hoped the filmmakers could keep that tention through out the film. But with such a bad script, I guess it must have been difficult to look continuously for interestitng things to interpret as image.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL WAY TO GET IN TUNE WITH THE GREATNESS OF THE BEATLES. IT IS A DOCUMENT OF A GROUP GROWING TRACK BY TRACK AS THE SONGS ARE LISTED IN THE EXACT ORDER AS THEY APPEARED ON THE CHARTS. YOU START OUT WITH THE POP GEM PURITY OF &quot;FROM ME TO YOU&quot; AND &quot;SHE LOVES YOU&quot; WITH THOSE INCREDIBLE HARMONIES. GROWTH AND SOPHISTICATION START TO SHOW AS A RESULT OF THE BEATLES HEARING BOB DYLAN AND THUS YOU HAVE THE LYRICAL HUMAN FRAGILITY OF &quot;HELP&quot; COMPLIMENTS OF JOHN LENNON.<br />PAUL MCCARTNEY WOULD ALSO EXPOSE A DEEPER SIDE WITH THE NOSTALGIA AND LOST INNOCENCE AS HEARD IN &quot;YESTERDAY&quot;. &quot;TICKET TO RIDE&quot;,&quot;DAY TRIPPER&quot;, AND &quot;PAPERBACK WRITER&quot; WERE POP CONFECTIONS THAT ENGULFED YOU WITH THEIR RIPE MELODIES YET A NEW FOUND MATURE ROCK EDGE WAS APPARENT WHICH MADE THEM IRRESISTIBLE. &quot;ELEANOR RIGBY&quot; IS BASICALLY A MINI CLASSICAL CHAMBER PIECE WITH A WONDERFUL STRING ARRANGEMENT THAT COMPLIMENTS THE SOMBER AND COMPELLING LYRICS PERFECTLY. JUST LISTEN TO THE WONDERFUL COUNTERPOINT OCCURING IN THE VOCALS THAT CLOSE THE SONG. VERY MOVING. IN 1968 PAUL MCCARTNEY WROTE A SONG DEDICATED TO JOHN'S SON NAMED &quot;HEY JULES&quot; WHICH LATER BECAME &quot;HEY JUDE&quot;. THIS IS A WONDERFUL MELODY THAT CONCLUDES WITH A SING A LONG CHANT THAT JUST STICKS TO YOUR SENSES.  &quot;COME TOGETHER&quot; ROCKED WITH AN UNDERSTATED ATTITUDE AND &quot;SOMETHING&quot; WAS GEORGE HARRISON PROVIDING PURE POP SOPHISTICATED MASTERY. THIS WHOLE RECORDING IS A LESSON IN SONGCRAFT AND ITS A CLEAR REMINDER THAT THE BEATLES WERE NOT ONLY ONE OF THE MOST SUCCESSFUL GROUPS IN THE HISTORY OF MUSIC BUT THEY WERE A PHENOMENON. O.F.
B000000OAL|2.0|Queen's debut album is loaded with religious references though make no mistake, it doesn't detract from it's early 70's glam rock roots. Queen were often dumped into that &quot;genre&quot; of music but the &quot;glam&quot; part ended with their look. Their sound, however, was in large part, influenced by Led Zeppelin. This is clear in the heavier tracks &quot;Son and Daughter&quot; and &quot;Great King Rat&quot;.As was often the case, Queen threw several types of music into one album. Keep in mind that the band only had &quot;down time&quot; to record this album, meaning that they could only record when older, more established artists, had finished for the day. Queen could only then begin recording in the early morning hours, preventing them from having a truly cohesive track listing.&quot;Keep Yourself Alive&quot;, with it's extremely catchy guitar riff, was the first single and sadly failed to chart as Britain's major radio station refused to play it.Mix in the overly harmonized &quot;Doin' Alright&quot; with the pre-punk &quot;Modern Times Rock 'N' Roll&quot; and you have a fairly decent first offering (though not recommended for casual fans or first timers.)
B000000OAA|4.0|Having two albums behind them, Queen are allowed normal recording hours in the studio and it shows.Once again, a wild variety of musical styles show through from the heavy metal pounding of &quot;Stone Cold Crazy&quot; (later covered by Metallica) to the campy pop of &quot;Killer Queen&quot; (which would become Queen's first number 1 hit.)With the album's opener &quot;Brighton Rock&quot; and it's tour de force guitar solo (so much so that every guitar solo Brian would perform live from then on would be dubbed &quot;Brighton Rock solo&quot;.)This also marks Queen's first foray into somewhat vicious song writing as &quot;Flick of the Wrist&quot; aimed straight for their then manager who had been keeping a large sum of Queen's profits for himself. &quot;Prostitute yourself he says, castrate your human pride. Sacrifice your leisure days, let me squeeze you till you've dried.&quot; Even more viciousness would come on the next album (and legal problems!)
B000000OAN|5.0|Queen's very own &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; masterpiece. An album without equal in production and audacity. Also marks the first use of the Freddie-designed &quot;Queen Crest&quot; (as shown on the album cover.)As Queen parted with their rat manager, Freddie thought perhaps a good send off was due and so wrote &quot;Death on Two Legs (Dedicated to.....)&quot; which naturally angered said manager who promptly sued them for libel.I would be amiss if I would not give &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; it's due. One of the very few songs ever to be a number 1 single twice. It's bold combination of heavy metal and opera would either be a complete flop or enormous success so unless you read the previous sentence, it was the latter.Unfairly, the other tracks were overshadowed by &quot;Bo Rhap&quot;. The sci-fi themed folk song(!) &quot;39&quot; was a true mark of their ability to harmonize, to sound like a choir though it was merely the 3 of them (the fourth band member, John Deacon, doesn't sing.) &quot;The Prophet's Song&quot; may be the most over produced song in history but it doesn't detract from it's power.&quot;Love of my Life&quot; had layer upon layer of vocals and instruments (including a harp?) but it's beauty came through when it was reduced to being played on a simple acoustic guitar live on stage. Freddie turned it into a duet and regardless of the country, the fans sang along in perfect English.This is a landmark album. Not only one of Queen's best but in music history.
6302732786|5.0|An exhaustive concert organized by Brian May and Roger Taylor just months after Freddie Mercury's death. This show was also an AIDS benefit raising money for various charities around the world.Metallica starts off with a thundering 3 song set and while the crowd was into them, they wanted Queen songs.Guns 'n' Roses' set was threatened with sabotage by radical AIDS activists but it went through without incident.The first half of the show consisted of bands who were influenced by Queen, the second half featured Queen acting as back up to many big name acts.As previously mentioned, George Michael's rendition of &quot;Somebody to Love&quot; was the highlight of the evening but Seal tugged at the heartstrings the most with the moving &quot;Who Wants to Live Forever.&quot; This was the one that made me cry the first 50,000 times I heard it.For me, another highlight was the &quot;reunion&quot; of Bowie, Hunter, Ronson and Queen. Hunter and Ronson were former members of Mott the Hoople...the only band Queen ever opened for, Ronson was also a member of Bowie's back up band Spiders from Mars...Bowie played an important part of Hoople, writing songs for them and preventing them from breaking up for a time....and of course, Bowie &amp; Queen had a number one hit with &quot;Under Pressure&quot;. Lennox did a marvelous job singing Freddie's part in &quot;..Pressure&quot;.There were, of course, many flubs during the evening. George Michael mishandling the lyrics to &quot;39&quot;, Axl Rose messing up the lyrical tempo of &quot;We Will Rock You&quot; and Elton John playing the wrong keys on piano during the opening of &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot;.Regardless, seeing Elton and Axl embrace in front of millions was a sight to see!Probably the biggest mistake was asking Liza Minelli to perform. Sorry but her glory days were FAR behind her at this stage. Her warbling was horrible to listen to but she was one of Freddie's favorites......This was a grand and fitting tribute to Freddie's legend, he would've been proud.Why this concert was never officially released onto compact disc and DVD remains one of the world's greatest mysteries.
B00004Z3AV|5.0|Queen have done us the favor of packaging all three of their &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; albums into one set. The original liner notes are still here, the packaging is very classy with a silver colored slipcase and, as an added bonus, all three CD's are picture discs!Though (as of the date I write this) the set is only available as an import, it is THE collection to buy and enjoy ALL of Queen's hits in one go, from 1974-1999, all the hit singles are here for several hours of pure musical bliss.If you buy any Queen release, THIS is the one to start with as it is a perfect primer for their studio/live albums...you may end up a Queen freak! Even if you just stick with &quot;The Platinum Collection&quot; (and have no interest in buying the other albums) you're set. A CD collection will NOT be complete without this release!
B000002AS3|4.0|Oasis' debut album and heralded the invasion of &quot;Brit-pop&quot; in the U.S, though the rowdy boys were much more than simple pop.They combined the songwriting of the Beatles and the swagger and arrogance of the Sex Pistols.Many insults have been thrown at the band for ripping off the Beatles but that is so far off base it's laughable. Other then their admitted admiration of the band (and a few references in their lyrics) there are no other comparisons.With the all knowing &quot;Rock 'n' Roll Star&quot;, Liam sings as if he could predict the future. He was dead on as Oasis eventually became one of the biggest bands of the 90's.My favorite happens to be &quot;Columbia&quot; with it's infectious groove and catchy chorus (of which Noel was particularly good at) &quot;I can't tell you the way I feel because the way I feel is oh so new to me.&quot; That's how I felt when I first heard the track. The live version is faster paced.However the songwriting gem is probably &quot;Live Forever&quot;. I always took it as Noel talking to an idol of his (maybe John Lennon) and what he'd always wanted to say to him and now that he had become famous as well, &quot;You and I are gonna Live Forever.&quot; One of the few guitar solos in a rock song that make me a bit sad. A great tribute song......for whomever.&quot;Bring It On Down&quot; stands as Noel's take on the class war (upper vs lower that is.) You could almost take it as an anthem FOR the working class people, &quot;You're the outcasts, you're the underclass but you don't care 'cuz you're living fast!&quot; It reminds me of Queen's &quot;Sheer Heart Attack&quot; with it's deafening rhythm section and punk leanings.The one song off here that I always liked better as an acoustic track is &quot;Slide Away&quot;, it's lyrics are too romantic and heartfelt to be played alongside a backing rock track. &quot;Now that you're mine, we'll find a way of chasing the sun. Let me be the one who shines with you and we can slide away.&quot; *sigh*Some of the lyrics are of the throw away variety but Noel has always said that he concentrated more on the music.An extremely strong debut and amazingly out do themselves with their follow up, one of the best albums of the past decade........
B000000OE7|4.0|Queen's final studio album with Freddie and what an emotional send off it was.From the thunderous percussion and melancholy guitar of the title track &quot;Made In Heaven&quot; to the wonderfully gospel-like vocals on &quot;Let Me Live&quot; (which featured for the first time, Freddie, Brian &amp; Roger sharing lead vocals) this is a roller coaster of emotions.Having to record this album after Freddie has passed away proved extremely difficult for the surviving members.While half of this album contains wholly original material, the other half is comprised of previously released tracks released on solo albums (though in most cases, completely redone/reworked by the band.) Freddie's original &quot;I Was Born To Love You&quot; was dated six months later by it's over use of synthesizers while Queen's new version keeps it ageless.Freddies last vocal recording came with &quot;Mother Love&quot; though you'd never be able to tell. He sang with such vigor and energy that'd put most of today's &quot;singers&quot; in their place, which is to say, well behind Freddie.This is, by no means, all Freddie. Brian plays one of his all time best solos in the somewhat out of place dance number &quot;You Don't Fool Me&quot; (which would go onto be remixed SIXTEEN times throughout the world.)In the U.K, the album provided Queen with 4 top ten hits (and another in the top 15) and has also become one of their biggest selling albums ever. Naturally, it barely made the top 60 in America due to poor promotion from Hollywood Records. You'd have thought with this being the last of &quot;new&quot; material from the band, they would've promoted it to high heaven (pardon the pun) but alas, no.One track that should not have been included was the former non-album B-side &quot;My Life Has Been Saved&quot;, an extremely poor track that could have been replaced by any number of Freddie solo tunes.&quot;A Winter's Tale&quot; - the last song Freddie ever wrote, provides the most touching of all of &quot;MIH&quot;. He describes his second home in Switzerland and how peaceful it was, how happy it made him. The chorus is dream-like...pushing you to close your eyes and imagine how wonderful a place it is.A wonderful and moving end to the rich and never ending legacy of Freddie and Queen.
B000000OAH|3.0|&quot;Jazz&quot; is the first of Queen's albums to be recorded outside of England and the influences of late 70's Europe show through with the album's leanings towards a more dance-oriented sound.The opener, &quot;Mustapha&quot;, takes you aback as it's sung entirely in Arabic! Camp-rock then takes hold with Brian's ode to women (or certain kinds of women) in &quot;Fat Bottomed Girls&quot;.The dance roots began to show in tracks like &quot;Fun It&quot;, a duet between Freddie and Roger. It sounds perfect for a disco though I'm sure that's not what most rock fans want to listen to.Generally, this album is lackluster with only a handful of tracks worth listening to. &quot;More Of That Jazz&quot; (sung by Roger) is amazing for his incredibly high notes (Mariah Carey, eat your heart out) and it's Creedence Clearwater Revival-type guitar riff.It should be noted (in a humorous way) that the album's launch party may be the most notorious in rock history. Prostitutes, midgets, fire eaters and anything carnal you can think of &quot;pleasured&quot; the guests (most of whom were record company V.I.P's!) and the promotional campaign for the song &quot;Bicycle Race&quot; was to gather up as many female models who would be willing to ride bicycles nude, to race in Wembley Stadium!
B000002BBY|5.0|My favorite album of theirs and also was Oasis' big break in America.These songs connected with me on such a personal level it seemed as if Noel wrote them for me (which is the mark of a great writer.)With &quot;Wonderwall&quot; (a HUGE hit single here in the states) Noel writes about his long time love (now wife) Meg. Naturally, I can relate as I too had felt passionately about someone before. &quot;After all, you're my Wonderwall&quot;, though I don't really know what a &quot;Wonderwall&quot; is, I sure as hell can guess. With it's simple acoustic rhythm guitar, you can picture someone singing it to their love as they looked down from their second story window.&quot;Don't Look Back In Anger&quot; features Noel on lead vocals and has a different twist on love. After a break up, meeting that ex and, in a way, telling them off. &quot;You ain't never gonna burn my heart out&quot; is something I said to myself as I was dumped after several years worth of a relationship. Not wanting to let what they did ruin you. It's opening piano notes were lifted from John Lennon's &quot;Imagine&quot;.The reverse to &quot;Don't Look Back..&quot; is &quot;Hey Now!&quot;, a somewhat introspective track with a man wondering what's happened to him. Questioning why he's gotten so low yet in some way, realizing that time will heal his wounds. &quot;And time as it stands won't be held in my hands or living inside of my skin. And as it fell from the sky I asked myself why can I never let anyone i?&quot; Ah, been there.In &quot;Cast No Shadow&quot;, I cried the deepest for it made me think in a way I had never done before. I have never admitted to this before, to anyone but I will now. I thought of my father. Even after all he had done to my family, this song made me think &quot;What caused him so much pain for him to take it out on all of us?&quot; In many ways, I wished he were still around so I could ask him why. I wondered how much anguish he felt, if there would've been any way to reachhim eventually. It pains me so deeply to have these questions go unanswered and to be honest, I'm having difficulty maintaining my composure as I write this. &quot;Bound with all the weight of all the words he tried to say. Chained to all the places that he never wished to stay. As he faced the sun he cast no shadow.&quot;Don't get me wrong, this album is also fun for me. Especially with &quot;Some Might Say&quot;, it always seems to bring a smile to my face. It's quite a positive pop-rock track as Liam sings &quot;Some might say, we will find a brighter day&quot;, I certainly hope so.Some of my fav songs are the &quot;Piss off!&quot; kind and &quot;Hello&quot; fits that bill. As Noel's electric guitar kicks in, Liam belts &quot;I've got a feeling you still owe me so wipe the shit from your shoes.&quot;Wrapping up we have &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot; (you gotta love the titles Noel chooses.) It's epic-long and performed live, Noel gives new meaning to &quot;guitar solo&quot;.As previously mentioned, one of the best albums of the 90's and will stand the test of time as a bright spot for one shining era in British rock history.
B000000OAC|3.0|This would be the first album to actually do better in America than the U.K.The track listing has never made any sense as it opens with the classic anthems &quot;We Will Rock You&quot; and &quot;We Are The Champions&quot;. The album should end with these two.1977 was the year of punk and the boys from Queen felt the heat. Along comes &quot;Sheer Heart Attack&quot;, a blistering, ear splitting punk track that sounded light years better than the Sex Pistols. Deacon, once again, penned the weakest tracks from the album, the cliche ridden &quot;Spread Your Wings&quot; and the horribly poppy &quot;Who Needs You&quot;.The bright spot for me was Roger unleashing &quot;Fight From The Inside&quot;, a scathing commentary on music artists who sell out or who were vacuous to start with. &quot;You're just another picture on a teenage wall. You're just another sucker ready for a fall.&quot; Can we say Backstreet Boys?Queen's blues number &quot;Sleeping On The Sidewalk&quot; (sung by Brian) was recorded in just one take! This was a source of criticism hurled at the band by critics. NOTW was the first to be solely produced by Queen and to be honest, it shows. There is no real direction with the tracks and as an album, it fails to sound smooth but if you take it song by song, it's a winner.The album's cover was an adaptation of a piece of science fiction artwork. The original had a giant robot causing havoc, etc. The album cover had it killing off Queen! It should also be noted that some years later Trent Reznor himself would do a cover version of &quot;Get Down Make Love&quot;.
B00000DC7L|3.0|My how Brian's vocals have improved!Let's get the bad stuff out of the way. First, this album isn't cohesive and seems more like a collection of songs (this was recorded in bits over many years) than a proper songbook.Now the good stuff.On &quot;Cyborg&quot;, Brian takes guitar &quot;tapping&quot; to new heights (can anyone play it that fast???) and with Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkings backing him up, your head ends up spinning. This track (believe it or not) was originally written for a PC video game called &quot;Resurrection: Rise of the Robots&quot;.Fellow guitar god Jeff Beck guests on &quot;The Guv'nor&quot; but their styles don't quite mesh and it leaves you empty after expecting so much.Brian has a penchant for ballads about lost love and it shows up here in &quot;Why Don't We Try Again&quot;, a real testimony to Brian's now soaring vocal ability.&quot;Space&quot; like &quot;The Dark&quot; on his first solo album, is in the lullaby vain in which he proclaims &quot;I'm gonna make some space around me......no one can come in..&quot;In &quot;Wilderness&quot;, Brian sings with such pain and sorrow you feel as if you've gone through whatever tragedy he has dealt with.Cover songs abound here but the treat is &quot;One Rainy Wish&quot;, a lush, orchestra lead remake of the little known Jimi Hendrix track. Brian (like Jimi did with Bob Dylan's &quot;All Along the Watchtower&quot;) makes it his own.A good album in it's own right, it however, lacks an emotional appeal in the shadow of the superior &quot;Back to the Light&quot;. I just wish he would've put more effort into making an &quot;album&quot; instead of throwing tracks together he'd recorded over the years.
B000000OA6|5.0|After finishing &quot;The Miracle&quot;, the boys went straight to recording this priceless album.This is quite possibly Queen's most personal work as it was recorded during Freddie's last days.Freddie was reported to have said to the rest of the band (para-phrasing) &quot;Write something for me to sing, I don't care what.&quot; He was in incredible pain throughout and often had to rest for long periods. Queen did not know if Freddie would even live long enough for the album to be completed.He did and we are richer for it.The album, comprised of songs dealing with mortality, sadness and yet, the light at the end of the tunnel, leaves you with mixed emotions. Not to the quality of the songs but what you actually feel inside.It all begins with the epic, title track &quot;Innuendo&quot;, recalling the glory days of &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot; with it's THREE styles of music included...it's lyrical nature very Zeppelin-esque.&quot;I'm Going Slightly Mad&quot; sounds like The Cure with pep.The album's emotional weight comes from two main tracks. &quot;These Are the Days of Our Lives&quot; has Freddie &quot;going back through life on a roller-coaster ride&quot;, reliving his past joys. &quot;The Show Must Go On&quot;...even with AIDS ravaging his body, his voice was never stronger singing with courage &quot;My make-up may be flaking but my smile still stays on...&quot; &amp; &quot;I'll face it with a grin, I'm never giving in..&quot;This album isn't all morbid as evidenced by the all for nothing rockers &quot;Headlong&quot; and &quot;The Hitman&quot;. Even silliness reigns with Freddie's own dedication to his favorite cat in &quot;Delilah&quot;.The shame of it all...this was released with much fanfare as it was the first from a new contract with the Disney owned Holywood Records. Queen were getting good reviews...videos played on MTV and their new rock tracks finding heavy rotation on America's AOR stations. Sadly, Freddie died some nine months later at his home in London.Freddie shone through here, facing it all...wearing a grin. This entry in Queen's catalog is a must for any &quot;music fan&quot;.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I bought this album the day it came out, and i haven't gotten sick of it yet.  From the title track on thru the end, I was shocked at how good this album was.  &quot;Stronger,&quot; &quot;One Kiss From You,&quot; &quot;Lucky,&quot; &quot;Satisfaction,&quot; &quot;Don't Go Knockin On My Door,&quot; and &quot;What U See (Is What U Get)&quot; are great great examples of what 'perfect pop' shold sound like.  Not only is her album great, her &quot;Oops!&quot; tour was one of my favourite concerts I have been to.  She's a great performer, a beautiful girl, and one of my all time favourites.  Can't wait til the next album...if you don't own this and it's predecessor &quot;...Baby One More Time&quot; I HIGHLY recommend you pick them up...they are absolutely DELIGHTFUL.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I bought this album the day it came out, and i haven't gotten sick of it yet.  From the title track on thru the end, I was shocked at how good this album was.  &quot;Stronger,&quot; &quot;One Kiss From You,&quot; &quot;Lucky,&quot; &quot;Satisfaction,&quot; &quot;Don't Go Knockin On My Door,&quot; and &quot;What U See (Is What U Get)&quot; are great great examples of what 'perfect pop' shold sound like.  Not only is her album great, her &quot;Oops!&quot; tour was one of my favourite concerts I have been to.  She's a great performer, a beautiful girl, and one of my all time favourites.  Can't wait til the next album...if you don't own this and it's predecessor &quot;...Baby One More Time&quot; I HIGHLY recommend you pick them up...they are absolutely DELIGHTFUL.
B00003CXDG|2.0|Let me first say that I like Tom Cruise as an actor very much- he is in 2 of my favorite films (Magnolia and Jerry Maguire) and having met him can say first-hand that he is a gracious person and doesn't seem to do things only for the paycheck. So it is hard to explain what all of this movie was. I love John Woo; Dougray Scott is a fine actor, Thandie Newton is appropriate... it's just that THERE WAS NO SCRIPT WITHIN 5 MILES OF THIS MOVIE. I still find it amazing that with all the considerations made for various things in a movie, the script seems to be the thing least paid attention to. What did this movie cost, $100 million+? It had to, because it looked great and that's it. I don't expect the equivalent of MI1, but this is plain terrible. MI1 was EXCELLENT- took a while to figure out what was going on, but very fun! This one uses the things that made the 1st one cool, like the realistic masks, etc. to cover coincidences or plot holes... very dissapointing. Like I said, I didn't expect much, but when you put talents like that together and this is all you come up with, you should rethink paying actors and directors that much, and concentrate on what should matter the most- the story. I long for the days when Woo was brilliant (The Killer, A Better Tomorrow) and his flashes of brilliance since then (Face/Off). Oh well- as you can see from mine and the other reviewers, if you enjoy Armageddon and the like you'll enjoy this... if you're looking for good direction, solid acting and a great story, STEER CLEAR.
B00003CXE6|4.0|Enough's been said about this movie that I don't need to repeat it. Loved the movie, but unfortunately this video is not worth the money. (Not that I think any video is worth $112, but that's another subject!) It's a shoddy video transfer-I guess the powers that be were focused exclusively on the DVD release. Thanks guys, really appreciate that. The colours are muddy and off. Check the scenes w/Marcus Aurelius watching the battle in the very beginning. In the theatre, his cloak was a glorious Imperial Purple, but here it was a dull blue-green. I watched this video on 2 seperate TV/VCR set-ups, so it wasn't the equipment. Unfortunate that while the DVD gets all the extra footage and behind the scenes stuff, those of us purchasing the video get stuck w/sub-par quality. It can't ruin the movie, but it makes the viewing less enjoyable and leaves the consumer feeling ripped off. .
6305718903|5.0|This movie was brilliantly done with a great plot that sends out a terrific message. For you parents out there who do not let your children watch &quot;Stigmata&quot; because it might be too scary or its evil, think again. This movie is not scary at all, and this movie sends out a message about faith in God. This movie is not about scaring the audience and all about Satan, this movie is a great movie about faith and courage between a priest and a woman undergoing Stigmata: a powerful force that causes one to experience the same wounds as Jesus Christ did while sacrifising himself to save us. This movie is worth 10 STARS and should be know as a &quot;great movie&quot; for years to come.
6304712936|1.0|As I look throught the reviews on this page, I come across phrases like &quot;brilliant&quot; and &quot;great on every level&quot;, and it just makes me sad.  The premise of this movie is not grounded in any historical evidence.  Salieri had very little to do with Mozart's life.  He just happened to be Kappelmeister at the court which employed Wolfie.  Also, when Mozart died (of rhumatic fever, not poison), he was surrounded by his wife, his sister, and the top doctors in Vienna.  Salieri was not present.  And the &quot;Requiem Mass in D Minor&quot; (which, by the way, was not commissioned by Salieri) was completed by Sussmeyer from detailed instructions by Mozart.  &quot;Great on every level&quot;?  Hardly.<br />Besides all that, the concept of this film took absolutely no imagination.  A composer jealous of Mozart?  Please!  He was only the most advanced and complex brain the world has ever known!  None of the characters are believable and none of them display any sort of depth.  This movie is just pure sensationalism and, thanks to its admittedly glorious art direction, a shamlelessly flag-waving Oscar bid.<br />So if you're looking for a smart and intelligent film, look elsewhere, like France, or Russia, or Sweden, or pretty much anywhere outside of Hollywood.  And if you're looking for an entertaining, accurate and informative account of Mozart's life, check out Maynard Solomon's wonderful biography &quot;Mozart: A Life&quot;.
6305897786|5.0|I'm sorry about one thing only - there is not enough stars to rate this movie correctly. I think it should nine of them....minimum.
B00003CXGG|5.0|Alright, so the effects and action are some times a bit over the top, but in my opinion it works for this movie. Visually pleasing, this movie takes you through a R&amp;J-esque storyline, without boring the viewer with the same old Shakespearian cliche's. Jet Li's performance is wonderful as always, but I though that Aaliyah was a vibrant addition to the cast. While not quite a dramtical masterpeice, this movie puts out what I beleive it's meant to accomplish - it's entertaining from beginning to end!
6305750750|5.0|This is not only one of the greatest movies of our time, but a symbol of just what can be accomplished when a series is started out in such a stark, beautiful way.  Like him, or hate him, Ahmed Best did the best job of acting as Jar Jar Binks.  I just finished the movie for my 12th time, and I liked it better than I liked it all the other times.  You simply can't deny the awesome scale that this movie has.  The dialogue, depsite what people say, is not kiddy material.  It's meant to be taken very seriously.  Whether it sounds cliched or not, I'm sure George Lucas didn't mean for it to be.  He has told a beautiful tale of how Anakin's training started, along with the tragedies that come with life, and just wait until Episode II hits theaters.  All of us are going to have a much higher respect for this movie.  When the new Anakin goes to the dark side, we're going to be running back to this movie just to see Jake Lloyd as the young and innocent Anakin who should've stayed that way.  Job well done Lucas!  You have crafted a beautiful masterpiece that will remain in my heart forever!
0030839939|2.0|The book is not easily read.  The subject-matter is no more difficult than the Kittel version but the author does a poor job of displaying the material.  It is often esoteric and incomprehensible.  In addition to a poorly-written text, the assigned problems are not even related to what is covered in the text.  The author has made the unfortunate assumption that he is the only one who will every read the text.  There a very few students who could ever learn from this book.
B00004XPOZ|5.0|We should be grateful that George Lucas is introducing even more people to his wonderful Star Wars trilogy!  VHS is good enough, isn't it??  We can be PATIENT and wait for the DVDs, yes??  Besides, DVD is just another format that has tended to spoil a lot of us into thinking that VHS should be gotten rid of completely.  That's bogus!  Lucas doesn't have the time right now to even THINK about the DVDs.  He wants thought put into them so he can put lotsa' great extras into them.  He doesn't want to rush them.  I applaud George Lucas to take the time to make every one of his products special and precisely thought out.  He's busy enough with making Episodes II and III as it is!  We should be very grateful we're getting this new Trilogy AT ALL!  So enjoy it while you can, everybody!  Grab up a Widescreen copy and enjoy!  The DVDs will be here before we know it.  Just give Lucas some time and we'll see the wonders that he can do!
630505116X|5.0|A very fun movie. Not just loaded with a bunch of one-liners and knockoffs from other movies. The CGI effects are very good. Most people think that they are the worst ever made. They are wrong. This movie is very fun because it has a lot of humor, not just dead flat people with no personalities. This movie also has a great soundtrack too. NOTE:If you do not like very high amounts of gore, take caution when watching this movie, because there is a very high (5/5) amount of gore.<br />CGI Effects:5/5 Acting:5/5<br />Final Grade:A+
B00004T9UH|5.0|Okay, I really didn't like rap until I heard The Real Slim Shady at a school dance. I thought it was pretty cool so I bought the edited version of the CD. IT ROX! I couldn't believe how something so controversial could be so expemplary. If anyone actually listens to the CD, they would know the Eminem doesn't really mean anything in his rapping. Most people don't like rap and just read the lyrics, but its not about the lyrics. I mean most of the time, you can't even understand the lyrics at first!  This is a good CD for people who have overprotective parents. IT ROX!
0440219078|5.0|all i can say about this book is WOW. it is, and always will be the most amaing book i've ever read. the way lois writes it, and the way he describes his charators. i literally couldn't put it down. it is so amazing! i just hope you'll come to see this too after you get a copy of your own. i believe lois is apsolutally amazing at writing.
6304383177|5.0|I've watched this movie so many times that I could probably quote the whole movie for you.  I love it, everytime I see it I laugh through it.  Katherine Hepburn and Cary Grant are extremely funny to see together.  This is the ideal screwball comedy.  I recommend it for anyone.
B00004XPP0|5.0|I have to give the set 5 stars because after all.... it is The Star Wars Trilogy.  But... for those looking for something new here - you just won't find it.  It is the same exact series as Special Edition.  And the Episode II behind the sceens?  Believe me - there is nothing here.  Less than 15 minutes of interviews from Luke's Aunt and Uncle, played by 2 young Aussi actors, and a brief interview with Lucas and Anthony Daniels.  No footage What So Ever!  No Anikan - no princess - nothing!<br />So... Botton line - buy this only if you don't already own &quot;Special Edition&quot;.
0790743221|5.0|I love this movie.  I saw this and I laughed through it.  If you like classics, you have to see this.  Katherine Hepburn and Cary Grant are great.  But for me the person who stole the sceen was Jimmy Stewart.  Jimmy Stewart plays a great drunk who keeps you laughing.  This movie also makes you think.  I highly reccommend this movie.
0060977493|5.0|&quot;The God Of Small Things&quot; is not just a novel. It's an euphoria of words and a whirlwind of metaphors. The magic of this book lies in the fact that though the story is a tragedy, the reader only realizes  the magnitude of his/her grief at the ultimate climax when the postive characters suffer, only in the last few chapters of the book.   This is the story, strictly, of boy and girl twins, Esthappen  and Rahel set in the river-side South Indian town of Ayemenen. But broadlly speaking, this is the story of how  dangerous  innocence sometimes can be for it also gives danger and does not relize when a  danger is coming. Estha and Rahel, like most children of their age, are innocent, but events render their their innocence and simple curiosity into destruction of a old and traditional family.   We are initially introduced to the grown up Rahel and her  house as it is at the present of  the book. We are also introduced to the death of  Sophie Mol, Estha and Rahel's cousin, fairly early. But we realize that Sophie Mol  did not  die naturally  and as the story shoots into flashkback, forgetting  the twins, we pursue the arrival and death of Sophie Mol. Her death, then,  becoomes as much as  a suspense as the main plot of the story. Therein too lies one of the charms  of this book: though all events are caused or happen primarily around the twins, Roy skillfully manages to keep them in the background for the greater part of the story.   Sincere to the title, the complex sub-plots of this story are restricted to a Little-Thing frame of reference. As Roy attaches epithets to  Estha and Rahel at a breathtaking speed, they are in the near future referred by those titles. For  example,  at the arrival of Sophie Mol in India along with Chacko's(Ammu,the twins' mother's brother)ex-wife Margaret Kochamma from England, Estha and  Rahel are made to behave like ambassadors and for  some time after that, they are consistently and even persistently referred  to as ambassadors.The story thus moves  on from Small Things to Small Things, adjectives to adjectives and epithet-titles to epithat-titles.    As we near to  the the climax, the story suddenly takes a break and dwells, rarely, in the present.And though we know what might the suspense might be, Roy still manages to keep us thrilled.   A pot-pourri of all these unbelievable things finally builds into the God Of Small Things. The at-times plilosophical and rhetoric-question asking Roy handles her personal language with care and precision and is careful not to overdo it.   The God Of Small Things recieved the Booker Prize in 1997, which it fully deserved.
B000050XEI|5.0|I'm an ordinary teenager and I've been a fan of Enya's ever since I heard her music on commercials two years ago.  There is never a time when her music is not enchanting and mystical and this album proves it because this album is by far her best.  The music is so free, bright, and spirited like the Irish music it is.  There are slow songs with smoothness, beauty, and enchantment, such as the title track, &quot;Deora Ar Mo Chroi&quot;, &quot;Fallen Embers&quot;, and &quot;Pilgrim&quot;.  There are also the highly energetic tracks like &quot;Wild Child&quot;, &quot;Flora's Secret&quot;, &quot;One By One&quot;, and &quot;Lazy Days&quot;.  The music creates a picture of bright sunny summer, spring mornings, with bright colors, wind blowing, and no gloomy rain.  There also is serenity and tranquility.  Enya's music, along with Roma's lyrics, expresses the subjects of true love, especially in songs like &quot;Only Time&quot;, &quot;Flora's Secret&quot;, &quot;Fallen Embers&quot;, and &quot;One By One&quot;.  Most of the music is very Celtic, but Enya had interesting Latino influences in &quot;One By One&quot; and &quot;Lazy Days&quot;.  As always, she created a very Gothic and breathtaking Latin track, this time &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot;, which describes the many elements of the earth and heavens.  There is the very touching Gaelic track, &quot;Deora Ar Mo Chroi&quot;, which includes the lyrics from which it was adapted.  All of this music is so wonderful, it is hard to think of a favorite track, but I have enjoyed listening to &quot;Wild Child&quot;, &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot;, and &quot;Flora's Secret&quot; over and over again.  Enya fans will find many interesting features in this album, the first being the fact that this album has a very different sound from her previous albums.  The music was not as durating or repetitive, but quicker and original.  This is the first album where high tech digital recording was used, which made the music stand out and express itself more.  Even though the music is very synthesized, it sounds so much like a real orchestra.  The music touches the ears and hearts so much, it is hard to resist this album.  So, even if you are not en Enya fan, this album will brighten your day with hope, joy, peace, beauty, and enchantment.  A rainy day turns to sunshine with this album.
0783227272|4.0|&quot;In a courtroom, whoever tells the best story wins,&quot; says former President John Quincy Adams in this historical drama about a slave-ship rebellion and its aftermath. The same is true of movies. In this harrowing epic, Spielberg concentrates on the story that viewers most want to see: about who the desperate men and women on that slave ship are and how they, or at least one of them, got there.<br />The tale Amistad tells is a true one. In 1839 a group of Africans staged a bloody takeover of the Amistad, on which they were traveling as human cargo. They were subsequently captured off the New England coast and put on trial for the murder of the ship's crew.<br />After a long journey through the courts, abetted by behind-the-scenes string-pulling against the Africans, by President Martin Van Buren, their case ended up in the U.S. Supreme Court, where the elderly Adams argued on their behalf.<br />This neglected episode of American history has also inspired an opera, again titled Amistad, which opened in Chicago, as well as the 1989 novel Echo of Lions, by Barbara Chase-Riboud, who had filed a copyright infringement suit against Spielberg and DreamWorks Pictures, the movie's production studio.<br />Touching on issues of race, politics and human rights that resonate today, this is potent stuff.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|At the Drive-In just flat out rocks! I have been a fan for a few years now. They have evolved into such a work of art its hard not be amazed by them. I have seen them go from playing a small show at a bowling alley to opening up for rage against the machine in a huge colliseum.  The success of the song &quot;One Armed Sicissor&quot; has given the band a well deserved popularity and recognition. Every song on the album is filled with emotion and energy which makes this the absolutely perfect listen. Truely a great record which will one day rise to number one with its growning popularity a sonn will be the Record of the year for its genre of music. At the Drive-In is the best band you never knew about. Get this now so you will know what all of your peers are talking about!
B00004ZELJ|1.0|This dvd is the worst I ever had, the vocal from singers is really weak, you can hardly hear what they sing unless you turn the  volume really loud. I think the recording must have been screwed up.  In addition, the packaging is also poor, there is no indication on what digital format the disk has, and it looks so cheap. I am glad that I managed to return the disk to the shop.
6300181464|4.0|Silent Running takes the viewer on an exciting, but depressing journey into Earth's possible future, where the only remaining plants are maintained on three realistically rendered spacecraft. Bruce Dern does an outstanding job of portraying a crewmember who cannot face the destruction of the last surviving plant life, and does the 'unthinkable' in order to preserve his cargo. The spacecraft, equipment, and 'droids' are extremely believable, and technically accurate. This film will be well enjoyed by those who care deeply about the world's ecology. The music is sometimes haunting, and the manner in which events are presented allows the viewer to experience the loneliness of space, and the emotions felt by Freeman Lowell, Dern's character. A true classic, perhaps best understood by viewers who experienced the 60s and 70s. Not a shoot-em-up, but more of a thinking person's film. One of my favorites.
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade...what more can be said.  O U T S T A N D I N G!
B00004XONN|5.0|i must say im very proud of the old man. once i game back from school to visit i saw he had bought kid a and ok computer. reading some of the other reviews i can see why you would get insulted if you were told that you just didnt understand a certain piece music i'd want to get in a fist. so maybe you just dont have the patience. one reviewer made references to looper and aphex. i do think looper is a good band but even if radiohead is ripping them off there doing a much better job than looper. i only think one song on this truly sounds like aphex twin and thats kid a. thats actually my favorite song on the record. as a whole i think its a great achievement. if you close your eyes and forget there are any other bands on earth i think you'd like this. try not to compare too much, especially if the music is this good.  beautiful stuff. one of the reviewers said that some of these songs are b-sides. are you sure?   love this
6303617719|5.0|i finally bought this after i realized i had rented it enough to have purchased three copies.  i dont buy very many movies but this one is a permanent keeper.  kevin kline is supurb, he made me like his badboy character even though i didnt want to.  meg ryan is pretty good, though she thinks she is much more adorable than she is, but most of the time she manages to forget about being cute and actually acts.  the filming and editing are wonderful, and i love it that even thieves have dreams and aspirations.<br />i especially liked Luc's old police friend trying to repay an old debt... where would the picture be with out him?
B00004SCX6|3.0|With Britney's new record, the songs don't stray far from the textbook of pop, heavily overuse the grunge on the guitar, not to mention the slams, pops and whacks.  Her voice has barely improved since her last album and most of these songs pretty much sound the same.  But their are a few definite hits on this album which are none the less, extremely listenable.  <br />The opener &quot;Oops! I&quot; (you know the rest) Is bland, boring and predictable, but this is followed by perhaps her best song to date &quot;Stronger&quot; which includes a chorus catchier even than her debut &quot;Baby One More Time&quot;  As likable as this track is, it's unlikely Britney can relate to any of the lyrics she sings, this would be a song more suited when she's 35, been through 3 divorces and 5 spritual rebirths.  Other notable exceptions include &quot;Can't make you Love Me&quot; and &quot;Girl In my Mirror&quot;  Her reworking of Stone's classic &quot;Satisfaction&quot; changes enough aspects to be worth a nod, and &quot;Dear Diary&quot; which she wrote herself is nothing special, but a good enough start to songwriting.<br />Funky and catchy, &quot;Oops!&quot; picks up where &quot;Baby&quot; left off and is a great example of carefree pop.
0920668364|1.0|its one thing to tell kids they are loved unconditionally, but climbing up a ladder into her grown sons apt bedroom so she can hold him in his sleep is going too far, hello... there is a lovely new invention called the telephone!   <br />i dont think four year olds should have to think far enough into the future to picture their parents as infirm elderly people, that may be the reality, but isnt it the job of parents to SHELTER their children from the harsher realities of life while they are young.  <br />why is it only the mother who holds her child so devotedly?  where is the father, one thing i dont like about so much childrens fiction is th lack of any fathers within the framework of the stories, let alone a loving father.
6301208773|5.0|This is without question one of the better movies that I have seen in quiet some time. This film has it all. A quality hero,an evil villain,great backup actors and actresses,excellent special effects, and plenty of action. A New York policeman is in Los Angeles to visit his estranged wife. He goes to her company Christmas party with her and the building is seized by armed foriegn terrorists. They are attempting to steal bonds to finance their operations. They run into staunch resistance from Willis. Through his knowhow of self defense and the street he takes a heavy toll. Despite the stupidity of the local police forces he is still able to prevail. This movie has an outstanding plot and many action sequences. This is one of the better action(police) movies that you will see. Don't miss this one.
B00000K0EA|5.0|With a strong debut in &quot;Goldeneye,&quot; Pierce Brosnan proved to fans around the world that he, in fact, was the next James Bond, and an impressive one at that.  The stakes would be a bit higher for him with his sophomore effort, &quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot;, as to see if he would be able to continue his appeal to the role.  Did anyone really have a doubt?  Tomorrow Never Dies comes through phenomenally well, with everything you've come to expect from a Bond movie.  With an impressive opening sequence that takes place half at a terrorist arms bazaar on the Russian border and the other half with the British Intelligence monitoring the location.  Bond is sent in to observe the area and the situation.  When it is prematurely decided to use a Naval option by firing a single, powerful, exploding missile at the site in order to destroy it, it is realized that a Russian jet carrying 2 Soviet SB-5 nuclear torpedoes is sitting right in the middle of this area and that if destroyed, &quot;it would make Chernobyl look like a picnic.&quot;  James Bond, being James Bond, goes in to steal the Russian jet carrying the torpedoes.  There's a nice scene of him lighting a terrorist's cigarette and then punching him out, declaring, &quot;Filthy Habit.&quot;  That's very amusing considering Bond smoked more than occasionally in earlier films, but now is becoming more &quot;PC.&quot;  The sequence of him getting in the plane and destroying the area with machine gun and missile fire explosions is a feast for the eyes.  So is the next scene when Bond gets in the air only to be strangled by the copilot behind him, while being attacked by another Russian jet.  It's a great opening, that goes up there with the other great openings to a James Bond movie (Goldfinger, Thunderball, The Spy Who Loved Me, Octopussy, The Living Daylights, Goldeneye, and yes, The World Is Not Enough).     The main story bares a bit of a resemblance to 1977s &quot;The Spy Who Loved Me&quot;and 1967s &quot;YouOnly Live Twice.&quot;  We are introduced to world wide media baron, Elliot Carver, whose catch phrase is, &quot;There's no news like bad news.&quot;  Played quite ruthlessly by Jonathan Pryce (Brazil), Carver is bent on a new kind of world domination....through the manipulation of the media, with Stamper (Otto Goetz), as his evil henchmen.  With the use of a stealth ship, a sort of underwater sub that cannot be detected by sonar (like The Hunt For Red October, in a way), the sub attacks the H.M.S. Devonshire (a British battleship) which is stationed in the middle of the South China Sea.  By doing this, Carver makes it look like the Chinese are responsible and war could break out as a result.  And why wouldn't British Intelligence be able to spot the location of the wreckage?  Because, thanks to American terrorist Henry Gupta (played by Ricky Jay) an American encoder has been stolen, one that is used to control the American's navigation satellites (The G.P.S. system, as it is referred) and with this encoder the Devonshire unknowingly was in the wrong area when it blew up (manipulated by the encoder).  All in all, a huge, bloody mess.  <br /> M recruits Bond to go in and get information on Carver, who has been sited as a possible culprit, by pumping information out of his wife, Paris Carver (Teri Hatcher [Lois And Clark (TV)]), whom James had been in a relationship with years earlier.  Hatcher is good in the role, but unfortunately, she is killed off much too early in the film to make much of an impression on us.  But Bond's sadness for her death really helps, thanks to Brosnan's wonderful acting, another reminder why James Bond cannot have a successful intimate relationship with a woman.<br /> For most of the film we find Bond going here and there to find clues as to what happened to the Devonshire as well as what else Carver is up to.  We are also introduced to the second Bond girl, Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh [Supercop 2]), working for Chinese Intelligence, who is also looking for clues.  The two eventually team up in some very action packed sequences, most notebly the motor cycle ride thru Vietnam.  Some have said that Yeoh's presence makes the film become more of a Hong Kong auctioneer, but their critique's are unwarranted.  Bond films have never strayed away from any action that can entertain audiences and Yeoh fits in quite nicely here.<br /> The ultimate gadget of the film is 007s new BMW 750, &quot;with all the usual refinements--machine guns, rockets, the G.P.S. tracking system,&quot; as well as a clever remote control device added to Bond's cell phone that enables him to drive the car, without being in the drivers seat.  In fact a great scene is just that, as we find Bond in the backseat of the car, being chased by Carver's men, driving the BMW 750 with the cell phone remote control (and having a good time with it too). <br />  Most entertaining. <br /> I'm not a big fan of Sheryl Crow (or K. D. Lang for that matter), so when I heard she was hired to do the title song for the movie I feared the worst.  But I give credit where credit is due and Crowe does a great job here.  Her vocals give the tune just what it needs.  I'd even go as far to say that this is the best title song out of the Brosnan Bond films so far and that K. D. Lang's end titles song, &quot;Surrender,&quot; is very good too (better than Eric Serra's end title for Goldeneye, &quot;The Experience Of Love&quot;).  Also, composer David Arnold is proving to me more and more that he's the best man for the job when it comes to composing scores for Bond movies.  Whereas Eric Serra's work on Goldeneye was much too modern, Arnold gives the Bond fans what they want...a nice mixture of the old with the new (though I'm still waiting for him to use the second Bond theme, entitled &quot;007&quot; in a score or two down the line).  Though critics bashed him by saying &quot;He's no John Barry,&quot; just when was the last time you really listened to what critics had to say about composers anyway?  Plus, Moby's rendition of the James Bond Theme rocks! <br /> This was the first James Bond DVD to become a &quot;Special Edition,&quot; originally released with a gray cover.  It's quite cool really..you're asked to &quot;Please press Select button&quot; as a fingerprint and retina identification screen comes up and you hear a female voice say, &quot;Welcome 007.  This navigation system has been specially prepared for your mission.  You have unlimited access.&quot;  The special features are very impressive, including 2 audio commentaries, the first by Director Roger Spottiswoode and the second by Second Unit Director Vic Armstrong and Producer Michael G. Wilson.  You also get a Third track with composer David Arnold, which also includes the entire score, isolated for your listening pleasure.  They're all quite interesting, but I found myself listening to David Arnold and the Isolated Score the most.  There's a cute feature that lets you look at storyboards for key action scenes while you watch the film.  It's fun and doesn't interfere with the enjoyment of the movie too much.  As with all Bond DVDs you get a &quot;making of&quot; featurette.  This one is entitled &quot;Secrets of 007,&quot; which was actually shown on TV before the film premiered in theaters.  About 45 minutes long, it focuses mainly on the cool gadgets of past films as well as the best villains, and of course, also discusses Tomorrow Never Dies too.  With a nice Digital Effects Reel, the original Teaser and Theatrical Trailers, the Sheryl Crowe Music Video for Tomorrow Never Dies, as well as the film itself shown in the Widescreen Format (2.35:1), you couldn't ask for more cool stuff!     A movie with plenty of action and excitement, Tomorrow Never Dies more than delivers the goods to 007 fans everywhere.
B00004XPOZ|5.0|If you own the Special Edition Star Wars Trilogy on video already and if they're in good condition, then there's really no reason to purchase this new reisssue.  In fact the only bonus is a behind the scenes featurette of Episode II but even that is a disappointment.<br />With the first video release of the Special Editions back in 1997, the videos featured the theatrical trailers and a behind the scenes feature before the actual film.  Those bonuses are absent now to make room for the empty Episode II featurette.  The new packaging has a sporty new look and retitles the trilogy with their new &quot;Episode IV, V, and VI&quot; handles and the sound and picture quality is first rate... for a video release.<br />As for the films themselves, they are first rate entertainment.  I recommend viewing each film in chronological order, just for the heck of it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Hands down this is my favorite cd from my entire collection...i am so glad that i found it...if you are thinking about buying it...do not think twice...a true masterpiece.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This Fox edition of &quot;Fight Club&quot; is the most interesting DVD ever put together.  Beyond the film itself the 2 Disc set has 3 commentaries and several special features.  <br />The film is a strange buddy/action/comedy-drama.  The film's stars are Brad Pitt and Edward Norton who come together, they are both disenchanted with society and decide to vent their frustrations by beating eachother up.  Soon this catches on with other people and they soon form a &quot;fight club&quot; where men who are really unhappy grown boys get a chance to let the world know how unfair the world has been to them.<br />The performances by Pitt and Norton are Oscar worthy as is the film itself.  I was disappointed how this film was first recieved when it was released.  I hope know with it's DVD release that the film will find a larger audience and an intense group of ardent fans.
B0000069NM|4.0|John Scofield has a lot to offer the music lover and especially any jazz guitarist. His use of interesting harmonic and melodic ideas set him apart from those guitarists that play the usual guitar lines. His linear concept is inspired in a similar way and reminds me of Rodney Jones on his cd &quot; The Undiscovered Few&quot;. I reccomend John to any lover of modern jazz guitar.
0783244320|4.0|&quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; is one of the funniest films in a long time.  It's premise sparks some genuinely comic situations as it cheerfully but not disrespectfully sends up the &quot;Star Trek&quot; phenomenon and it's legion of fans.  The most amazing thing about &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; is that it looks like a film that it sends up.  This is not a cheap, low-budget parody like &quot;Scary Movie&quot; or the first &quot;Austin Powers&quot; film.  &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; is a lavishly produced and features the expert talents of Alan Rickman, Sigourney Weaver and the underrated Tim Allen.
0451196716|4.0|I've read a lot of Stephen King before reading &quot;The Long Walk&quot;, and I can't say that this is his best work...because it's not. However, this is far from his worst...in fact, I don't think he's ever written anything bad. But some of his books are better than others.<br />&quot;The Long Walk&quot; takes place in Maine as usual. (If you're a King fan, this shouldn't be surprising.) One hundred walkers are chosen at random to particapate in the Long Walk...one of them is Ray Garraty, a sixteen year old from Maine, and is nicknamed 'Maine's Own'. He must outwalk all other ninety nine walkers to win the Prize: anything he wants. However, there are a few catches. If you slow down, you get a warning. If you stop, you get a warning. If you sit down, you get a warning. See a pattern forming? You should. If you collect three warnings, the next results in death...you're shot, plain and simple. <br />Throughout the walk, Garraty meets many friends, which makes the walk harder considering they're all going to die in the end...except for one, but the odds that one of the &quot;Musketeers&quot; are very slim.<br />I enjoyed this book more than others that I have read. It moves slower than &quot;The Running Man&quot;, but faster than most others. There isn't a lot of action, however, and the book mainly focuses on the fear and the pain the walkers go through. I recommend this book if you're a dedicated King reader, but not if you're just starting off. If you have yet to open one of his novels, you might want to start with &quot;The Running Man&quot; or &quot;'Salem's Lot&quot;, but these are just suggestions. Well, anyway, enjoy this one...it's quick and fun to read, not some of the massive dictionary-like novels that take months to read!
B000001OAA|5.0|Although I think Version 2.0 (Garbage's 2nd album) is heaps better, this is still an excellent debut album.<br />Shirley's voice is truly amazing, and the lyrics are great. Every song is worth a listen, even &quot;Milk&quot;, which I hated when  I first heard. All the songs are great, but standouts are &quot;Supervixen&quot;, &quot;Vow&quot;, &quot;My Lover's Box&quot; and &quot;Fix Me Now&quot;.<br />A MUST HAVE!
B00004XOWM|5.0|I loved this album it's my favourite and it features a load of differnt types of rock music from gentle to hard core. Limp Bizkit is a great band and the rest of there albums are also great. There is a bonus track and several tracks that you have to rewind before the start of the song to find them. The band gets across a message beneath all that music. It's definetly worth buying.
B000009RNM|4.0|This was the first Bowie CD I ever bought, and I consider myself lucky. The songs on this CD give a very good representation of the best of Bowie's early musical work, from his first hit with &quot;Space Oddity&quot; through the glamorous Ziggy Stardust persona to the haunting, post-apocalyptic dystopia of the Diamond Dogs album. Granted, it does focus more on the &quot;Ziggy era&quot; songs than anything else, and a few tracks (namely the alternate versions of &quot;John, I'm Only Dancing&quot; and &quot;Let's Spend The Night Together,&quot; along with &quot;Velvet Goldmine&quot;) could have been replaced with other, better ones, but there isn't a bad song on this album.  Many have said that this album doesn't come close to capturing all the Bowie &quot;classics&quot; from 1969-74. But to do that would mean bundling half of the Hunky Dory album and most of the Ziggy Stardust and Aladdin Sane albums in with this collection. What this track list DOES manage to do, however, is feature a list of works which, through non-chronological order, show what an incredibly diverse collection of music Bowie managed to produce in just 6 years, from the hard-hitting classic rock sound of &quot;The Jean Genie,&quot; to the tragic, pompous glam rock of &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot; and &quot;Rock'n'Roll Suicide&quot; to the softly gliding piano tones of &quot;Aladdin Sane,&quot; which is in my opinion the best song on the album.
068484267X|5.0|As someone who spent the majority of his formative childhood living within the realms of a struggling blue-collar Irish-American Catholic neighborhood housing project, much of the atmosphere and flavor so memorably and powerfully described in this best-selling memoir seems like familiar territory, from the hard-drinking and somewhat remote and indifferent fathers to the sainted mothers, from the raucous black humor to the spasms of terrible drama and tragedy, often visited on helplessly impoverished children. Yet Frank McCourt manages to display a unusually colorful and quite unique descriptive power to the florid retelling of this life lived under conditions of extreme privation and misery, a life which he largely describes in terms so dismal, dark and devoid of hope that it is remarkable to witness the degree of grace, resilience, and good humor that he so often brings to bear. It is this most prominent feature of his creative writing that gives such a powerful testimony to his ability as a writer.<br />Like James Joyce's personal glimpses into Irish lives in his classic series of short stories, \\"The Dubliners\\", McCourt evokes the suffocating and smarmy atmosphere of flagrant poverty, to the point that I often found the story difficult to read. Thus, regardless of how well he illustrates the ways in which he and his family struggled to overcome the circumstances, it was, for me at least, often difficult reading. For any of us who have actually lived under such circumstances of privation, these powerfully drawn recollections can be challenging and painful to recall. And while I would never suggest that my own experiences approach the extremes of want and squalor described herein, I took a long time to finally work my way into the portions of the book where the McCourt brothers finally triumph based on their American citizenry.  While the tone of the memoir is sometimes downbeat and sullen, the progress of these two young pilgrims toward a life of greater promise is one that gains ballast as we progress toward the end.<br />The memoir is, as one has come to expect, full of the usual Irish complaints, from the egregious and often outrageous alcoholism of the father and Irish men in general to the full McCourt treatment regarding the so-called Irish troubles and the unmitigated perfidy of the dreaded English. Having heard all this throughout my fifty years, it finally becomes tiresome, boring and irrelevant to hear all the highly polished and crudely embellished litanies again and again here. We who are either Irish or of Irish ancestry must learn to live with what we have, to do the best we can to make the most of what we find our existential circumstances may be, and I for one would hope that the reading of books like this, books which faithfully chronicle the consequences of all the particulars of traditional Irish working class culture, would act to mollify the most extreme of these conditions and save the next generation of young Irish men and women from its manifest dysfunctions.s one that gains ballast as we progress toward the end.      <br />The memoir is, as one has come to expect, full of the usual Irish complaints, from the egregious and often outrageous alcoholism of the father and Irish men in general to the full McCourt treatment regarding the so-called Irish troubles and the unmitigated perfidy of the dreaded English. Having heard all this throughout my fifty years, it finally becomes tiresome, boring and irrelevant to hear all the highly polished and crudely embellished litanies again and again here. We who are either Irish or of Irish ancestry must learn to live with what we have, to do the best we can to make the most of what we find our existential circumstances may be, and I for one would hope that the reading of books like this, books which faithfully chronicle the consequences of all the particulars of traditional Irish working class culture, would act to mollify the most extreme of these conditions and save the next generation of young Irish men and women from its manifest dysfunctions.
B000002UB3|5.0|Although I love the music of the Rubber Soul/Revolver/Sgt. Peppers Era, I just keep coming back to Abbey Road.  While listening to this CD it is hard to believe that this band was on the verge of implosion.  Perhaps they knew this would be the grand finale, and therefore kept everyone together just long enough to record the end-all be-all Beatles album.  In &quot;Abbey Road&quot; the Beatles did just that.<br />The entire sequence of tunes runs together in a fluid, seemless stream from start to finish.  Yet despite the unity and oneness of the tracks, all the individual personalities of the band shine as well. &quot;Come Together&quot; is classic Lennon.  Harrison offers smooth and mellow notes in &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Here comes the Sun&quot;. You can see McCartney beginning to explore the direction he would later travel in &quot;Maxwell's Silver Hammer&quot;.  Ringo does his thing as well in &quot;Octopus's Garden&quot;.  All the individuals are there, yet somehow they pull together this eclectic collection of sounds into a unified whole.  <br />Lastly, the Golden Slumbers/Carry that Wieght/The End - trio of songs just masterfully wraps the whole album, and the music of the Beatles.  Like the band, &quot;Abbey Road&quot; is just a complete, finished piece of work.
B00004Z400|4.0|Say it ain't so 'tones, you were gods among men untill this came out.  I can't believe it a marketing ploy......Back to School is a very fresh song but not worth spending another 12 bucks on.<br />I would definetly buy it if it had the song &quot;The Boys Republic&quot; which was featured on the black and red copies of White Pony.<br />The sad thing is I'll probably buy it......just because I'm such a diehard 'tones fan.
6305892806|1.0|Although, I had read disastrous reviews of this movie, I wanted to watch Patricia Rozema's &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; with an open mind and to see for myself.  Now I wish I'd listened to the bad press.<br />This is not a good film by any means.  It bears no resemblance to the work upon which it is based--but even someone trying to view it as something separate and distinct from Austen is going to be disappointed.<br />The script is uneven, unbalanced and gives none of the talented performers a chance to shine.  Historically inaccurate, the costumes and the sets are a joke.  If someone could tell me why Mansfield Park looked like the aftermath of a bankruptcy sale, I'd be grateful.  <br />Rozema reportedly disliked Austen, the novel and the character of Fanny Price as she was written.  Given the way she went about showing her dislike, she must have had some say what projects she worked on.  I wish she had made an entirely original movie instead of destroying what could have been a really enjoyable film.  <br />It does boast a good score.
B0000025T6|5.0|I am impressed with the music on this CD very much.  Bruce Springsteen sings songs of desperate isolation of an emptiness which the midwestern plains of the US only hint at.  This is a work of incredible poetry and narrative.  The tales would have been shocking to an American public in 1958 when Charlie Starkwater and Caril Fugate elevated teenage angst to horrific heights.  Now, when seemingly, each hour brings with it equal or greater cruelty and savagery, I feel only numb and helpless.  Springsteen provides no hope of a road back to our Father's House, only the dream of a beacon, &quot;Shining cross this dark highway where our sins lie unatoned.&quot;  In the tradition of great Folk singers, Bruce Springsteen has transcended the medium and laconically, creates an auraul picture of our world.  I truly feel this is a masterpiece.
1559190582|3.0|Please be aware that not all the information is accurate in this video.This was confirmed by my girlfriend from Cannes.Still,it has helped me a great deal:nothing beats TV for frying information into your brain.
0393317552|4.0|I think just about everyone wants to know: Why DID we turn out the way we did?<br />In short, Diamond's work does a great job of answering this question. His analysis is in depth, and, despite the number &quot;obviously&quot;'s and &quot;clearly&quot;'s, relatively convincing.<br />So, if you've ever asked the question above, buy the book; it's enlightening.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I think that this is a great collection of some of the Beatle's hits.  This is the first Beatles CD I have owned, and was very pleased at what I bought.  The songs I had not heard before were refreshingly new, and the ones that I had heard, were as if I were hearing for the first time all over again.  This is a wonderful choice for anyone who doesn't own a Beatles CD, or a good addition to a collection.
B000002C2E|2.0|I do my best to be optimistic about music. If an artist releases a somewhat weak album I try to find the most postivity as possible.  Its not often that I give less than stellar reviews. But I have to say that this album although not bad, isnt what it has been acclaimed as.  Some of the songs are compltely lacking in melody, especially the first track.  I know Bob doesnt always excentuate melody, but I think there are limits to this.  Yes, his voice has been torn to shreds, and they did there best in the studio to clean it up, but I think its on its last leg.  There are a couple of real gems though, Not Dark yet, Standing in the Doorway, and Tryin' to get to heaven were certainly my justification for buying the album. Make you feel my love isnt half bad either.  Unfortunately, songs like &quot;highlands&quot; is a testimony to how Dylan can write a completely silly song that sounds bad, and is way too long.  I dunno, I know many of you hailed this album, but I still cant completely see it.
B0000028M7|4.0|Alice In Chains really made a great piece of alternative rock art with \\"Dirt\\".  It's a great combination of hard rock sounds but with smart lyrics on relationships and just plain problems.  This was been described as a drug record.  Some of the songs are hard rockers that brought upon the new era of rock, with a grunge edge and getting rid of all the hair care pretty boy groups of the eighties. \\"Them Bones\\" and \\"Would?\\" are songs get your attention with a great guitar sound but are taking over by Layne Stanley and Jerry Cantrell's brilliantly blended vocals and lyrics.  Much in the same way that Soundgraden and Nirvana got credit for making Seattle the new major city for a music knows as grunge back in about 1992, Alice should get most of the credit for first releasing songs with a punch that made hairbands look like ... .  The songs aren't those catchy ditties about fast girls and booze but carry on weightier topics like depression that is felt on \\"Damn That River\\".  The sound of Alice in Chains' hard guitars and big sound is very distinctive.  There also get treats a near rap rhymes in the beginning of \\"Sickman\\" and folky with industrial beats on ballad (well, by Alice In Chains standards) on \\"Rooster\\" are some of the great exceptions to the hard overdrive sound of the group.  I mean \\"Would?\\" is something of legend with a killer rock sound and those meaningful lyrics.<br />Warning, this is a real good hard rock record buts depresses majorly.  The subject matter is very harsh and almost evil and cynical in a way.  The songs are all-powerful and strong, but not for those into the lighthearted.  This is an album that captures the era of Seattle alt rock well in a bottle, but the full album is almost to heavy to really enjoy.  Those for fans of lighter upbeat rock, go elsewhere (like ...  or something).  Great material but not for the light at heart.
6302763835|4.0|Outstanding 1950's science fiction thriller by noted fantasy director Jack Arnold (The Incredible Shrinking Man, The Creature from the Black Lagoon) sees an arachnid grow to mammoth proportions and terrorise a small desert community !!<br />Professor Deemer (Leo G. Carroll)is working in desert laboratory on a radiation developed serum to rapidly accelerate growth and size of animals with a view to solve world's food crisis. After Deemer is involved in laboratory destroying fight with a fellow scientist afflicted by growth serum side effects, an oversized arachnid escapes into the New Mexico desert and proceeds to grow and develop a hunger for livestock &amp; humans !<br />&quot;Tarantula&quot; also features square jawed, John Agar as town doctor Matt Hastings...and the very attractive Mara Corday as medical researcher &quot;Steve&quot; Clayton. The film has a wonderful eerie quality that existed throughout Jack Arnolds sci-fi films and the ominous soundtrack accompanying the arachnid is excellent. The interesting black and white photography in the stark desert locations further adds to the unsettling nature that something hideous is lurking nearby....<br />And yes...that's Clint Eastwood almost hidden behind the oxygen mask aboard the jet fighter in the film's final sequences.<br />A &quot;B&quot; horror movie that hits it's mark on every point....highly recommended for fans of the genre !
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is one of the best big movies of all-time.  Not only was the acting phenomenal, but the storyline, usually missing from blockbuster films, was superb.     First, the film opens with a fascinating battle scene that gets your heart pumping and eyes open.  Next, the action slows down but the plot grips.  Finally, the film takes the viewer on a roller coaster of plot twists and turns with great action to go along.  At the expense of spoiling the movie for anyone my overall review of this film is that it is one of the best buys on DVD available on the market today.  Not only is the movie great but the oodles of special features will keep you entertained for months.  All in all, one of the best DVD's of all time.
B000002H2H|5.0|Well, just by reading the reviews, I give it 5 stars too
6304140754|4.0|This is the only complete episode of Scooby-Doo I have ever seen and its amazing it did not get me hooked on the show.  Dracula is the perfect villain for the gang.  Kids will like this and they will still like it when they stop being kids.  Besides, Drac looks cool in this one.
0553106635|5.0|It has been years, YEARS, since I stayed up on a weeknight until 2:00am reading a book because I couldn't stand not knowing what would happen next.  It conjures nostalgia I have for my favorite writers such as Zelazny, Jack Chalker, and Phillip Jose Farmer.  Nobody writes like they did / do.  I would put George Martin right beside those greats.  His latest book is fantasic.  There isn't a boring chapter in it, or boring characters.  Watch out for plot twists galore as well as superb characterization.  You feel as if you know The Imp, Jaime, and the rest.  I was appalled at &quot;The Red Wedding&quot; scene because it came as such a surprise.  The ending was fabulous as well!  I can't wait until the next one.
6304779356|4.0|This film is really more of a comedy than it is a drama, which is not surprising given that the heroes are teenage boys trying to stay one step ahead of the blood-sucking undead.  This is not a great film, but it is fun if you accept the premise, which is, &quot;What would happen if you discovered there were vampires in the neighborhood?&quot;  Besides, Keifer Sutherland has always been a good bad guy ever since &quot;Stand By Me.&quot;  &quot;The Lost Boys&quot; is not a chiller and was not intended to be, so this is a vampire film that is going to be appropriate for young teens.  You have to admit, there are not many of those around.
B000003N7G|5.0|With the exception of Miles Davis' &quot;Kind of Blue,&quot; &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; can certainly lay claim to being the greatest jazz album ever made.  This is John Coltrane's Masterpiece! Words can not adequately describe &quot;A Love Supreme.&quot; Trust Me - You must hear it! This album is angelfood for your head! Considering that it came out in 1964, it's timeless &amp; still ahead of it's time! The Beatles at that time wanted to &quot;HOLD YOUR HAND!&quot; I never grow tired of hearing it &amp; each time I hear a fresh element to it! Trane's sax delivers it's urgency thru the album like flowing water &amp; burning fire. This music will convert you into a Coltrane fan. Trane's message of Universal Love &amp; Peace is woven into this great work. Garrison's bass ties the Trinity Suites together.  Trane's influences can be heard in the music of Sounds of Jimi Hendrix, The Byrds, &amp; Carlos Santana.  I highly recommend it to anybody that loves GREAT MUSIC!
B00003CWTI|5.0|Yeah it's long.  The first time I saw it I didn't think it was anything special, either.  But I watched it again and you see all the suffering caused by selfishness and resentment and life is too short to hold on to the hurt and the only way out is forgiveness.<br />The movie's scope falls like a net over these people who are all tied back to the two dying dads.  I found myself identifying with every single character in one way or another.  Combine that with the excellent performances and the masterful direction, and what you have is a beautiful interlocking mosaic of a movie that may take two or more viewings to fully appreciate.  And the the very ending, after the frog rain, is almost too much to take in its emotion.  Wow.
B000000OSG|4.0|This album is comparable in greatness to &quot;Appetite&quot;.  While it lacks Appetite's raw energy and attitude, this is a more musically diverse collection of songs.  The addition of the piano to the Guns attack helped round out their sound.  The album's highlights include the magnificent metal anthem &quot;Civil War&quot;, the utterly sublime &quot;Estranged&quot;, and an excellent rendition of &quot;Knock'in on Heaven's Door&quot;.   There are several other surprisingly good songs which received little or no radio airplay, including &quot;Yesterdays&quot;, &quot;14 Years&quot;, &quot;Shotgun Blues, and &quot;Breakdown&quot;.  &quot;So Fine&quot;, &quot;Don't Cry (Alt. Lyrics)&quot;,&quot;Locomotive&quot; and &quot;You Could be Mine&quot; (from the Terminator II soundtrack)are also decent.  Of lesser quality are the self-indulgent &quot;Get in the Ring&quot;, the churlish &quot;Pretty Tied Up&quot;, and Axl's deranged moronic rap &quot;My World&quot;.  If you decide to purchase this CD, you can hopefully program your player to skip the last three tracks, which leaves approximately 64 minutes of highly memorable music.
B00003CX8J|4.0|If you are a huge X-Men fan and want this film to be an exact representation of the X-Men, you will be generally happy.  However, there are some odd variations on the X-Men mythos that I don't understand.<br />Why is the boy who is sent into the Coma by Rogue not named Cody?  Seems like a simple matter to get the name right.  Also, Rogue gives away her real name in like 30 seconds, something she has never done.  Also, they don't play it up as if there is any prior relationship between Wolverine and Sabretooth.  Granted they leave Logan's past pretty hazy, but it definitely seems like Sabretooth doesn't know him either.<br />The film is very well made and is worth watching even if you aren't a fan.  The action could be better, sometimes it is hard to follow, and peoples movements seem odd (especially when they are thrown around, they either fly too far or too slowly).  <br />One last comment.  Hugh Jackman was a great choice for Wolverine, he pulled it off very well.  I would have liked to have seen Russell Crowe just because he is a great actor, but am glad he made Gladiator.  i thing Gougray Scott would have stunk as Wolverine.
B00003CWMI|5.0|Do you enjoy Robin WIlliams?  Do you enjoy Sam Neil?  DO you enjoy films about the future and robots?  Do you enjoy movies that examine the question &quot;what is human?&quot;  Do you yourself ask &quot;what is human?&quot;  Would you like to watch a film that leaves you introspective, a tear in each eye, and possibly wanting to show the film to everyone you love?<br />     I went to see this movie because I liked Robin Williams in Patch Adams and in What Dreams May Come.  He was also brilliant in Good Will Hunting.  He has taken me from point A in life to Point B.  He has caused a serious emotional reaction, one in which he becomes the hero of a film and I the audience cheer for him.<br />    This is a film about what defines one as a human person.  I cheer the human spirit.  I love to see it break it and say no to all who oppose it.<br />    Did you like Gattacia?  Did you like that when he was told no you cant be in space and Ethan Hawke said no I will go to space?<br />     Did you enjoy Truman Show when Jim Carrey said no I shall have a private moment and you will not leave me in a box forever!<br />      You will enjoy Robin WIlliams saying you can't tell me that I am not human.
0767824571|4.0|This movie is stupid yet funny. Only SNL could match....seriously.....<br />The reason I gave it 4 stars is because the ending is really bad....
B000002U82|5.0|Greatness always finds a way of reproducing itself!  As great as this music might be perceived today however, it was even greater when first produced.  During the early seventies most music was played at a panicked frenzy to match the equally chaotic times of the Vietnam war.  &quot;The Dark Side of the Moon&quot; was a beautiful paradox to this terrible event in history because its pace was slower than even classical music and went in contrast to the beat of the popular style. This deliberate easy pace explodes itself masterfully in &quot;The Great Gig in The Sky&quot; and manifests itself soothingly in &quot;Us and Them&quot;.  The depth separating the highs and lows in these songs are uncomparable and unmatched and made it an instant classic.  As this style touched a generation, it had to of touched the &quot;older&quot; generation at least subconsciously.  It will most certainly continue to touch future ones.
B000001IPL|5.0|Sure, the newer Offspring albums &quot;Americana&quot; and &quot;Conspiracy of One&quot; are great, but I believe &quot;Smash&quot; is a great vintage Offspring album. The Offspring have always been one of the only bands that I can actually listen all the way through, only skipping maybe one or two songs, and this one is no different. Their first big hit &quot;Come out and Play&quot; is on this album, but every other song is as good if not better than it. Hopefully, the Offspring keep on dishing out great music, keeping punk alive when these &quot;boy bands&quot; are dominating the air waves.
B00003CXFU|5.0|Erin Brockovich is a really good movie!! This is my favorite movie and I would recommend it to all adults. (Children may get bored because it don't have a lot of action or anything and this is those mature adult movies)<br />Erin Brockovich works for this law firm, but her position in it is really low because she doesn't have a law education and not much of an education in most things. What she has is spunk and one day while she was filing something she found this estate plan with doctor notes in it. Erin became curious and she began to dig around. She discovered that the water in some people's home was contaminated and they had all these diseases and serious nosebleeds and other things. She then goes around trying to get information with her boss, the lawyer. They're trying to prove that the water company is wrong and to make them pay.<br />I think this is really a good movie. The thing that makes it so good is that this was based on a true story. This movie involves a little bit of everything. There's a little humor in it and some other things. I wonder if this movie has received any reward because it should. I think this movie just captivates people because of the seriousness of this movie and that this really did happen.
B000002IQ9|5.0|This live Cd is amazing, Phil Collins is great in this wonderful live masterpiece.. His voice is so amazing in every song it will blow you away... It has all of his greatest hits on here, but one could be added but wasnt which is &quot;I dont care anymore&quot; but thats ok its still an amazing CD, i love it and so will you!!All i can say is buy this Cd its the best live Cd i have of Anyone!!
B00003CXE6|5.0|I took my girlfriend to see this movie, and it is an experience I shall never forget.  The days of the Roman Empire were brought to life in full color and sound, and for a short time I was allowed the priviledge of living in one of the most exciting times in world history.  I bore witness to a man engaged in an age-old struggle between good and evil, and when all the odds were seemingly against him, he eventually emerged victorious. My girlfriend also enjoyed the movie immensely, and she reflects upon it from time to time.  It is now one of our treasured topics of discussion, and to be able to share such precious intellectual time with a loved one is priceless. <br />&quot;Gladiator&quot; is destined to become a cinema classic.
B00004W5UA|5.0|Fight Club speaks most specifically to young males of the X generation.  <br />     Centering on the loss of male power in American society due to the women's movement, an increasing emphasis on oversensitivity, and a trend toward political correctness, young males are facing a &quot;crisis&quot; in which they cannot act out boldly and agressively, and therefore find other means by which to do so.  <br />      The only way the main character in Fight Club can &quot;live&quot; is fighting -- an interesting viewpoint on the state of the new politically correct American culture.
B000002O1P|5.0|Southern Accents is a great record from start to finish.  It was made when vinyl was king and there were two sides to every album.  Southern Accents still remains one of the most solid efforts in modern rock history.  Don't Come Around Here No More is an experiment in psychedelica and you also get a flavor of country, rock and of course pop.  Recorded during a dark phase for the Heartbreakers this album is the transition from the old Tom Petty to the new Tom Petty.  If you have any of Tom Petty's music in the 90's, try this one out, you'll be suprised by its diversity and thoughtfulness.
6305426651|5.0|Life is Beautiful is a true masterpiece. Roberto Benigni did a great job on this film and this work will be remembered for years to come. Benigni's character is an Italian-Jew, and he is sent to a Concentration Camp with his son. His wife decides that she will go to the camp too, even though she is not pure jew and does not have to. Benigni turns the whole Concentration Camp into a game, to insure that his son, Joshua, will survive and will not know the truth about the Nazis making them work. Everyday, Benigni hides Joshua in his bunk so he does't have a risk of being killed in a gas chamber. <br /> I don't think it is neccesary to give away any more information on the plot. Life is Beautiful is a great movie that anybody would love to see. This movie has a great story and superb characters. This movie gives a new meaning to the phrase &quot;Life is Beautiful.&quot; Watch this movie and enjoy.<br />HAPPY VIEWING!
B00002E224|5.0|I first watched Before Sunrise a few weeks before I left Germany.  For the first time I realized that I would be leaving part of my heart in Europe.  This movie is a love story that is true to itself.  Love is getting to know the other person.  This movie allows the watchers to see the process of falling in love.  All the cliches that lesser films use are gone.  What remains is a series of extremely frank conversations that illustrate the process of love.  This is a movie I watch that combines my own memories of Germany (both joyous and sad) and the films.  This is a movie not to be missed.
B00000FCBC|4.0|This is a Cd worth getting it shows that Metallica can do cover tunes just as well as their own material. Covers of such rock classics &quot;WHISKEY IN THE JAR&quot; from Thin Lizzy &quot;STONE COLD CRAZY&quot; from Queen and &quot;IT'S ELECTRIC&quot; From DiamondHead are just some of the great songs you will hear from this soon to be a destined classic. Yet another milestone in Metallica's Carrer. This Garage is worth revisiting.
B000006TRV|5.0|There are a lot of rock albums that claim to be the best of all time.  THE WALL, in my humble opinion holds that spot.  It combines poetic lyrics, atmospheric music and audio effects that continually blow my mind.  <br />This concept was turned into a stage production and a video.  I feel this will change the way you listen to music.  It will challenge your thoughts of what a great rock album should be.  If you don't own this peice or art, you truly have a black hole in your music collection.  <br />Roger Waters and David Gilmour have created one of the most ambitious projects in modern rock!  Only Sgt. Peppers and Tommy come close to the same level of expertise as The Wall.
0920668372|5.0|The author did an outstanding job writing this story.  At the time that I purchased this book my teenaged son and I were at odds with each others.  Then I read this book which was recommended to me by a friend who also had a teenage son at the time.  The story melted my heart.  I began to cry as I read the book in the store.  I remembered every stage of his childhood.I also knew that I must tell my son that I loved him especially during that period. This story inspired me to say I love you forever, no matter what and for always. He is now 22 years old and he still owns the book I gave him about 7 years ago.  It touches your heart.  It is a book for all ages.  Thank you for writing this book.
B00003CXE7|5.0|After a fairly disappointing summer, Gladiator has been released on DVD.  After seeing the other summer &quot;blockbusters&quot;, I was completly surprised by Gladiator.  It combined a classic story (part vengance, part action) and incredible sets into an truely epic experience.  In addition the acting is superb and the special effects seamless.  The additions that the DVD include add to the value but the movie itself will remain timeless.  Not since Ben Hurr has ancient Rome been depicated so perfectly.
B0000048V8|5.0|I was born in 1982, and this movie is still in my memory.  It's a good movie for the kids I totally recommend it.  Also there's one song on the soundtrack called &quot;Walking In The Air&quot; it is probably the most beautiful track you'll ever hear.   George Winston did a good version on his &quot;Forest&quot; CD, which I would also recommend to buy.
B00004XONN|5.0|RadioHeads newest studio album, is just that...an album produced in a studio.  This is like saying the Beatles Sgt Peppers album was a studio album.  Full of lots of ear candy.  This is the most unique album I've bought this year.  Lyrics are hard to decipher and the guitar plays second fiddle to some of the computerized music, but hey it's top notch on headphones.  Roger Waters of Pink Floyd would be proud of this effort, very Floyd like w/ a Beck twist.  However, w/ headphones, beware... because &quot;who will watch the kids?&quot;  Kid A is worth watching.
B000003S0I|4.0|For me there are just two criteria for good music. Simply put, but to the point:<br />EITHER it's impossible to stop your feet and hands to tap along with the compelling rythm (examples: a lot of Deep Purple, Rare Earth, Santana, ELP, Pink Floyd, Joe Satriani, Atomic Rooster, Chicago live at Carnegie Hall, Iron Butterfly's In a Gadda da Vida, Axel Rudi Pell - he showed me that heavy metal can be beautiful)<br />OR it overwhelms you emotionally with gorgeous tunes and/or intrigueing voices (examples: Moody Blues (before!) Beatles, YES , Genesis, King Crimson e.g. with \\"Epitaph\\" and \\"In the wake of Poseidon\\")<br />That's why all classic music disqualifies! Surely, I can listen to it without being disturbed, but I'm getting no kick in neither of the two ways mentioned above. (I often think: Would Mozart have done it right after listening to Moody Blues' \\"Every good Boy deserves favour\\" and having their electronic equipment ??)<br />All right, you say, but what about \\"Larks tongues in aspic\\"? My previous review began as above, and then I said LTIA belonged to neither category, though I acknowledged its musical complexity, and gave it 3 stars.<br />I wrote that review after I had listened to my old vynil record. Yesterday I heard a 24-bit CD remaster that I was given. To my surprise, I have come to like LTIA! OK, if you want instant gratification in one of the two ways mentioned above, then pick<br />something from that category. But if you are in the mood for  intricate musicianship, still endowed with peaks of both kinds here and there, then LTIA is the right thing. My two top KC albums are RED and IN THE WAKE OF POSEIDON (both 4.5 stars), followed by<br />IN THE COURT OF THE CRIMSON KING and LTIA (both 3.8 stars).
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Extraordinary collection of tunes from the world's best pop/rock group. Every song is a winner and with 27 of them in this collection, on one CD, the value is unequaled. Buy a few and give them to friends.
B00004YA66|5.0|This movie had the best storyline in the world and I really enjoyed it!!  BUT i warn you if you have a short attention span and don't pay attention that well than don't watch it, it gets very confusing.
0399128964|5.0|The book was phenomenally detailed and engrossing.  When I read this in my youth, it was an absorbing and plausible read.  The depth of detail described regarding the cultures and technologies involved was very engaging.
B00004SCX6|4.0|this is definitely a more mature album from she shows off more of her vocal ability on this album.  Anyway, my most favorite tracks on this album should be Where Are You Now, Girl In The Mirror (found in Asian version) and When Your Eyes Say It. The only turn-off on this album is Britney overdoing the, &quot;uh&quot; in I Can't Get No (Satisfaction).
B00004Z4WR|1.0|Great movie, but ...But once they start stealign cars and bringing them in the suspense and thrills come along.  Cage has to steal 50 cars in 3 days but he uses 2 days to get his friends together and plan their tactics to steal the cars.  All the nice and luxurious cars makes me wanna be a car-thief when i grow up.  This isn't Cage's best performance by far but it's a good movie to watch.  I don't see where Robert Duvall fits in and Angelina Jolie doesn't give anything to the movie.  Anyone could've played her part, the same with Delroy Lindo. But it's still a good movie to go see.
B00003W8NM|4.0|Love Ed Norton.... Everything he's done...<br />I AM JACK'S SMIRKING REVENGE...
0848801571|5.0|When I was high school, back in 1975, my English teacher kept me after clss when I told him I hadn't read Catcher in the Rye, but instead read a piece of science fiction.  He handed me a book for science fiction teachers, which included the best 50 science fiction books as rated by science fiction teachers.  Guess which book topped the list.
0441172717|5.0|This is one of the most interesting books I have ever read, very complex, yet not way too hard to follow story. How anyone could ever get bored of this book is a mystery too me.
B0000399WI|5.0|If you haven't seen it, you're in for a treat...  Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman are supurb in this tale of hope.<br />The best sub-character is the character Clancy Brown plays (Byron Hadly)... 'the meanest screw to ever walk a turn in Shawshank'...  He's pretty much you worst nightmare as far as prison guards go...  He's like a mean Sergeant Hartman from 'Full Metal Jacket'...
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is definatly the best alblum the Chili Peppers have ever one, there isn't really any funk, and it is thier slowest alblum overall, but the quality of the music is far better than any of thier previous alblums, here is a list of all the songs and what I thought of them.<br />Around The World-Excellent opening song, fast but not heavy,                  when I heard this, I knew I was about to                  listen to a great alblum.<br />Parallel Universe-Bautiful music, the lyrics didn't make alot                    of sense, but that really didn't take away                   from the song.<br />Scar Tissue-A very simple song musically, I didn't even like             this song the first time I heard it, but it             has since become one of my favorite songs. That's              another reason that this is a great alblum: you              go from a complex, almost epic sounding song to             a slow, simple song, and it fits perfectly.<br />Otherside-I love this song, it's another one with beautiful           music and lyrics that I really don't get the meaning           of, actually, in this song, it's hard just to           understand what he's saying at all, but somehow,           his singing is still my favorite part of the song.<br />Get On Top-This is definatly an older style song for the Chili            Peppers, just about the only even remotely hard            rock song on the whole alblum. Beautiful            instrumental piece toward the end of the song.<br />Californication-Almost a ballad, but not quite, at about                 5 minutes and 10 seconds, it is the longest                 song on the alblum, Great road song, this is                 my favorite non-metal song to listen to while                  i'm driving.<br />Easily-My favorite song on the alblum, and possibly of         all time, I usually don't like songs that repeat the        same or similar lyrics alot, but I made an exception        for this song. The simple butstill great guitar work        on this song is some of my favorite ever, and the         lyrics are great, I don't know what they mean really,         but they just sound great.<br />Porcelain-The slowest and shortest song on the whole alblum,            starts off with very slow drums that almost sound           muffled, as if you were listening to it from the other           side of a wall, then some slow singing, and it finishes           off with an equally slow guitar solo.<br />Emit Remmus-Just from the first 5 seconds it sounds like it is              going to take place in a city, even though I like             every song on the alblum, this is probably my least              favorite, it just didn't have that same special              quality as the rest of the alblum.<br />I Like Dirt-Interesting song, by the music alone I always picture             a group of people working on a railroad or something,             but maybe that's just me.<br />This Velvet Glove-This is the only song on the whole alblum that                   just sounds like it will be a sad song just                    the opening, I haven't figured out exactly                   figured out what he is singing about, by some                   lyrics i'm guessing its about Hillel Slovak                   (thier former guitar player, who died in 1988                   from a herion overdose). It is my second                    favorite song on the alblum, next to &quot;Easily&quot;.<br />Savior-Almost sonunds like two songs put together, it goes from         a heavy,slow song to a light,faster song, and goes back        a few times.<br />Purple Stain-An odd, almost goofy song, I almost get sick of this              song, but the chorus saves it.<br />Right On Time-This is the only song on the alblum that sounds                almost like it came straight out of               Blood Sugar Sex Magik. It has heavier and faster,                almost rap lyrics, and for some reason, when youhear this song, you almost know the alblum is               about to end.<br />Road Trippin'-Perfect closing song, just the way this song makes               you feel like everything is coming to an end. When               I heard this song I really felt as thought the last               hour I spent listening to this alblum was not just               a waste of time, which is not a feeling I get from               most of today's music.
B000051VWW|2.0|Wow, it has been forever since we have had new work by Sade. Unfortunately, this CD disappoints severly. From any other artist this work might be worth a listen as a promise of future potential, but from Sade, it is not up to speed. The material is unbelievably poor. The selections remind one of a B side, never meant for prime time. I have played it over and over hoping for a better impression. All in all a very disappointing effort by one of the best. If you are not familiar with her work, buy Diamond Life, if you are, perhaps a better effort waits further out on the horizon.
B00003CXDG|4.0|I really like action movies. I wasn't very excited about this movie, as Mission Impossible 1 was very bad, very bored. But, when I saw this movie, I was really impressed. I really like it a lot, I will certainly watch it again.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is simply the best movie ever. It captures the best parts of Braveheart and Saving Private Ryan and puts them together for an awesome movie. Gladiator had very good actors and really got me into the scene of the Roman Empire. There is also a great deal of drama, which usually bores me, but here it really enhanced the movie. After seeing the movie in the theater, and seeing it again (the second time was actually better) I have been looking forward to getting this movie every day. From the amazing opening battle to the heart-stopping end, Gladiator keeps you hooked the whole time and long after too.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have to say I am a bit disappointed with the overall length of the CD. It is just over 30 minutes long and I would have hoped that Enya could add a few more songs on it. After all, 5 years is a long time to make a CD and if you are going to take that long, at least make the songs long enough to appreciate their beauty. &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; is only 2 minutes long and I have to say, by the time I really got into the song, it was over. Enya should take some tips from Loreena McKennitt, whose songs rarely dips below 4 minutes and is constantly over 6 minutes long. In that time she succeeds in drawing you right into the song and creates a perfect mood for each song with the ample time for intros and exits for each song. But, I have to agree that this may be one of Enya's most accomplished works. I thought for a while that we will never hear from her again. There was a rumour floating about some time ago that she stopped making music all together. I am very glad that was not true. Enya MUST keep on producing these beautiful albums to enchant people like me for many years to come. I have to say that I am an avid Enya fan and I have each album she has ever produced ( I have bought her albums for my friends as well) Thank you Enya, may God bless you for sharing your gifts with us.
6305014140|5.0|The action ranges from artful to tasteless, and most of the sexual content can only be described as the latter, but the anime is still more awesome than almost everything out there because of the high quality visual and musical aspects. Also, the characters are unique and well developed throughout the story, and the plot is involving while not being overly complex.  Most people say this anime is mindless fun.  Well... they're mostly right.  Highly recommended.
0553277472|5.0|I first read this book over 30 years ago and it still has a tremendous appeal to me.  The author decribes perfectly the connection between a rider,his motorcycle and their surroundings.<br />I thought his discussion about the &quot;Gumption Trap&quot; and his decription of a sloppy vehicle repair facility to be particularly good.  I loved the book because I am a motorcyclist not a philosopher.
B00004XONN|5.0|I gotta say if you're a Pink Floyd fan, this album is a most. This is the next best thing since Dark side of the moon. It's simply a modern rendition of what Pink Floyd offered in it's era. It's one of those album that really explores the boundaries, instead of the same old things we've been seeing for the past ten years. Just get this album and if you hate it, your just dumb.
B00004TDRD|5.0|For the 20 years since i have been watching films, one film has stood out from the rest.That film is JAWS.People always talk about Star Wars being the mother of all films, well if thats the mother then JAWS is the Grand daddy.When first watching it at the age of 5 i just loved the shark scenes but over the years i have learnt to appreciate the finer aspects of the film and the attention to detail to which Spielberg and his crew went to.Everyone knows by now that what makes the film so frightning is the music by John Williams(SUPERMAN,JURRASIC PARK)and what you dont see. Remember using your imagination is the best tool to scare yourself.In my opinion JAWS is is near enough the perfect film.Firstly you have the 3 main characters who are beutifly constructed. Roy Schieder is so right for his part and  was born for the role as the chief of police in Amity island.One of my faverite lines is 'Its only an island if you look at it from the water'.Hooper and Quint although sharing the same passion have incredibly conrasting personalities which makes their screen time together all that more memorable.All 3 characters have very different relationships with each other and this is shown by what they call one another.Hooper calls them Martin and Quint where as Quint calls them Chief and 'Hooper yer idiot'.On the other hand Brody uses the names Quint and   well this is interesting because only on the odd occasion does Brody use Hoopers name, the only occasion i recall is 'Let Hooper take a turn'.Strange but true.What sets JAWS apart from other films of similar type is that the film builds up to a grand finale.In deep Blue Sea you see the the shark in the first 5 minutes need i say more.As you readers may well know the making of JAWS didn't go to plan, but that in my view wasn't a bad thing because they had to work round this and develop the characters on land making them more humain and normal people whom which we could relate to. I myself ended up really liking the 3 characters in different ways.The way Brody was always worrying,trying to do the right thing and him hating the water was a terrific combination.Hooper who although rich ,really did love and was dedidacted to his work. All he wanted was to be given a chance to explain himself and put his views across and the Mayor and Quint didn't like this.While on the Mayor he plays a very good part as a stubborn son of a a bitch.Quint in many ways is also stubborn.He is very intimidating and has a strong presence around the room in the the very first scene we see him and ihe Indianapolis classic scene. Without doubt that second scene i have just mentioned is a show stopper and is acted masterifly by Shaw.The character Ben Gardner who helped write that scene has a small part in the movie and it is his head that pops out of the hull of his boat. That was probably the bit of the movie which made me jump most first time around.What made me die with laughing was on a documentary about JAWS the character who plays Ben Gardner talks about that scene.He talks about how smart and tidy the shark was to leave just his head by the hull of the boat and the sarcastic manner at which he says this is too funny to put into words.I recommend you see that documentary if you are an avid Jaws fan.Thats about it ive spoken my mind in the last half hour and i hope you enjoyed my review.Thank you for making the film, Jaws Mr Spielberg is the best piece of work you have ever done.In fact its just the best piece of work.
B00000IAU3|1.0|Intoxicating rythems, inspired lyrics, and great music are what is getting more and more people hooked on Dido (pronounced Dye-Do).  But it's who sings the lyrics is the problem.  Sung in an airy, tight voice that makes Brittiany Spears look good, this CD would be one of the best if it was sung by someone else with a decent voice.  Also, the total absence of energy from the singer is very noticeable and dosen't even come close to the passonate singers such as Celene Dion, Whitney Houston, etc.  Most poeple admit that they hated Dido to start, but that she has grown on them.  I, personally still think that she is terrible.
B00004YA66|5.0|This has got to be the best movie I've ever seen. Great acting, nice storyline. Buy it and you won't regret it.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I don't generally gush about movies, and when I do go and see them I rarely ever go back for a repeat visit.  Well, then came X-Men.  6 times I saw this movie in the theatre, and every time, it was like seeing it for the first time.  The movie does the impossible, it takes a 30 year old comic book property and makes it publically accessible, which is in its self, a triumph.  Yet, then there are all of those little things that fanboys, such as I would pick up on.  Especially the &quot;yellow spandex&quot; joke toward the ending of the movie.  The movie also took it's subject matter seriously, which most comic movies don't do.  The X-Men isn't about rich guys upset about dead parents, or aliens sent to Earth who grow up to be over the top boyscouts in blue tights, its about, simply put, racism.  Humanity hates and fears mutants because of their genetic enhancements.  Fueling humanities hatred, Sentator Kelly, bent on advancing his political career by stoking the proverbial fire.  There truly is no villain in this movie save humanities ignorance, but on the more extreme side of the mutant spectrum is Magneto.  Having survived the Holocaust in WW2, he fears world wide mutant genocide and is prepared to take any actions to prevent this from happening...even if it means waging a war on humanity.  On the other end of the spectrum, Professor Xavier, who respects humanity and only wishes peaceful coexistance with them.  Visually, this film is stunning.  The &quot;mutant effects&quot; look real, especially Cyclop's optic blast.  The only problems I had with this movie were that it wasn't long enough and that Storm didn't have a bigger role.  Halle Berry was a wonderful Storm and she commanded every scene she was in, but her role wasn't big enough.  Hopefully, that will be rectified when the sequel gets made.  Oh, and Patrick Stewart has affirmed himself as a great actor to the general populace.  I guess you all are finding out what we Star Trek fans already knew.  :)
B000051VWW|4.0|I deejay on one of the local radio stations has been talking about this long awaited album, it seems for ages.  First it was spring of '99 and then fall '99, winter, etc.  Well, it has finally arrived and as a Sade fan, I am delighted. I have worn out her greatest hits CD which still gets played on a regular basis.  The new album portrays a softer, mellow, matured flavor that satisfies the soul. I immediately fell in love with the first track and current release, &quot;By Your Side&quot;, reminding me of a mellow country reggae tune reminscent of Bob Marley.  &quot;King of Sorrow&quot; reminded me of old Sade tunes. &quot;The Sweetest Gift&quot; was smooth and &quot;Slave Song&quot; shows her ongoing consciousness. Those Sade fans expecting the upbeat tempo of older tunes such as &quot;Smooth Operator&quot; and &quot;Hang Onto Your Love&quot; will be disappointed but rest assured Sade still has the capacity to stir those loving feelings on a cold night.
0399146253|3.0|Kay Scarpetta continues to push herself past the edge of what many normal people just cannot accomplish.  While a thrilling read, I found myself in certain parts, skimming over the words just to pick back up on the plot.  I must admit I find that the Kay Scarpetta series to be much more riveting than Cornwell's other efforts, she must be doing something right since I keep reading her newest works. Keep it up Patricia, just, let Kay get a good night's sleep so she can continue shooting down helicopters with her laser beam eyes.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Myself like many other Beatles fans that have written reviews of this album have bought this stuff several times in the past. The main thing that &quot;Beatles 1&quot; has going for it is sound quality on many tracks is a marked improvement over the previous CD reissues on the &quot;Past Masters vol 1 &amp; 2&quot; and the 1962-1966, 1967-1970 compilations. The difference is most notable on &quot;Lady Madonna&quot; where the bass sounded distorted other CD reissues, and tracks like &quot;Eight Day's A Week&quot;, &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, &quot;Come Together&quot;, and &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot; sound cleaner and more defined than they ever have on CD before. The packaging is also great using the famous Look Magazine psychedelic portraits taken by Richard Avedon and photo of various single picture sleeves from around the world were a nice touch. This set is good place for someone that doesn't have any Beatles music in their collection to start, but of course this doesn't even scratch the surface of their brilliant body of work. Hopefully reissues of the original albums receiving this lavish treatment are in the near future.
0790734850|5.0|Director Curtis Hanson's L.A. CONFIDENTIAL is one of the first DVD's that I have bought and I still watch this movie on a regular basis with pleasure. Being an old fan of 15 years of James Ellroy, I was apprehending a lot the cinematographical adaptation of this masterpiece of american contemporary literature because the 1987 adaptation of BLOOD ON THE MOON, rebaptized COP and directed by James B Harris, was not at all impressive even with James Woods as Lloyd Hopkins.<br />Firstly, there is the casting, outstanding, with actors impersonating in a terrific manner the dozens of characters creating by James Ellroy. L.A. CONFIDENTIAL is not only the story of  the investigation of a shooting in the Los Angeles of the early 50's, it's also the unique re-creation of the atmosphere of a period that should have been the paradise on earth, at least in the city of angels. Curtis Hanson, following James Ellroy, did a splendid job by smashing the false mirrors this society tried to believe in.<br />Fortunately, for once, a studio has decided to exploit the enormous possibilities of the DVD standard for a great movie. Usually, only artistically uninteresting blockbusters have the honour to be presented with important extra-features. So, don't hesitate, buy the DVD of L.A. CONFIDENTIAL, it's a movie to keep.<br />A DVD for your library.
B000051Y0G|5.0|It's hard to believe it's been 17 years since this album was first released. I can remember seeing the video for &quot;Girls Just Want To Have Fun&quot; on TBS Night Tracks(no MTV my area then)constantly and getting taken in by it's infectious hook. That song and it's three other top five singles(&quot;Time After Time&quot;, &quot;She Bop&quot;, and &quot;All Through The Night&quot;) make this album one of the staples of 80's pop music, and is still lots of fun to listen to. With her eclectic style and hanging out with pro wrestlers, Cyndi Lauper's talent as a singer and songwriter got a bit overshadowed. But listening to this album again after many years makes those talents perfectly clear.  Remastered and filled out with three live bonus tracks including the live video version of &quot;Money Changes Everything&quot;, make this reissue a great value.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I'm a history teacher who has the pleasure of teaching about this time period. Though there are some fictional characters, etc., this film truely depicts what Rome looked liked and how it really felt to be there. The way that the gladiators trained and fought was really true to life. There was much more fighting with animals though, which was left out. I was hesitant to see this at the movies, because I thought it would be some cheezy depiction of over-glorified Roman life. Boy was I wrong. Though I can't show many clips to my 7th-grade class, the extra CD really gives good and accurate historical info for any history buff. SEE THE GRANDUER!
0385495315|5.0|Simon Singh's Code Book is a wonderful book.  The most obvious joy is how he is able to take a very complicated subject (for me, at any rate) and make it readable, interesting and fun.  I was able to understand the workings of codes much better than expected beacuase of his clear explanations and was a only lost when it came to quantum cryptography.  Even here, though, Mr. Singh was very able in holding my interest through the way he weaved in the personal stories of the cryptographers.  In fact, this book is as much about the cryptographers as it is about crpytography and that, in the end, is the book's marvelous charm.  Anyone who can make this subject so entertaining to a non-logical, math-hating reader such as myself has wrought a miracle. A very impressive, highly recommended book.
0553106635|5.0|This is the third and longest installment in George R. R. Martin's mammoth fantasy epic, and it's as enjoyable and engrossing as the first two volumes.  Martin is a brilliant author, whose sparkling prose brings a scene vividly to life.<br />This is the kind of book that gets you thinking about the characters as if they were real people.  Virtually every fantasy series claims to present a &quot;fully realized imaginary world&quot; but this is the only one that has done it for me, and that includes Tolkien.<br />There are some legitimate criticisms.  The torrent of names can become overwhelming at times, especially with the large number of minor characters and the way allegiances can change abruptly.  Arya Stark's wanderings become meanderings for a while, and some passages seem to have just a bit too much description.  Perhaps the narrative could have been trimmed a bit.<br />However, my reaction to any confusion as to who's who is to go back and re-read the first two books.  It's going to be a long wait until the next volume!<br />There's still a lot of story to be told here.  Although major changes occur in the lives of all major characters (and most of the minor ones), one can't help wishing the next installment were already on the shelves, so that we could continue with this marvelous story.  Still, if Martin had telescoped it down to one or two volumes it certainly wouldn't have the texture and richness that it does.<br />There's real storytelling magic at work here.
B000005ITX|5.0|Okay, here's the deal...I will not repeat all that pretentious &quot;masterpiece&quot; stuff about this album but I will try and tell you why this album meant a lot to me when it came out and why it is one of the great albums.  Here are six reasons to buy this album:<br />1. Love is the only group that used Bela Lugosi's vampire castle as a back drop for two album covers.<br />2. The hidden force behind &quot;Forever Changes&quot; was Neil Young, who almost took credit as a producer because he worked with Arthur Lee on the songs up until the moment the band took the songs to the studio and recorded them.<br />3. Arthur Lee used William Burrough's &quot;cut and paste&quot; technique for lyric writting on most of his songs. This is what gives the album a surreal feel.<br />4. Bryan McLean was the first composer to bring Braizilian rythyms to the ears of the mainstream.<br />5. This album almost didn't get cut.  Love was in a complete mess at the time.  Most of the members weren't even talking to each other. Following this session the band broke up and Love will always be remembered as about the only group that quit when it was still at the top of it's game.<br />6. All band members went on to live in obscurity: One member is in jail, one is dead, two have disappeared from the face of the earth and one is roaming around South America with a guitar. This is a good reason to support Love.  None of these guys hung around for a reunion tour when their shelf life was expired..<br />Thank you Love for an album that I can sit in a rocking chair at age 69 and drop acid to.
0790729628|3.0|I saw Blade Runner when it first came out in the theaters and I was very disappointed. This Directors Cut of the film really makes up for a lot of mistakes made in the original. Getting rid of the narrative and changing the ending where two changes I thought made the DVD much better then the original movie. The few special effects that were in the film were spectacular, especially for the time it was made. I still thought the movie was slow, but the last 30 minutes of the film almost makes up for it. The DVD looks and sounds excellent and Blade Runner is a great DVD to own if you are a hard core sci-fi fan and don't mind a slower paced intellectual movie.
B000002AHC|5.0|Without question, THE NOTORIOUS BYRD BROTHERS is the best album the Byrds recorded and the closest to a perfect album as ever possible in pop music.  It's an extraordinary masterpiece and one of the best records of music history.  The stunning brilliance of the album begins with the opening blast on &quot;Artificial Energy&quot;.  &quot;Artificial Energy&quot; is a remarkable track  with an exceptional mixture of brass, vocal effects, and an incredible production, as well as the lyrics warning of the effects of speed.  The songs on the album flow together in a seamless pattern.  &quot;Goin' Back&quot; is one of the Byrds best covers, and one of the album's finest moments.  The song's delicate background and heavenly vocal arrangement, make it a delightful addition.  The beginning of &quot;Natural Harmony&quot; always takes me by suprise.  The song is almost breathless working to a marvelous effect, the stunning opening of the chorus is the polar opposite to the rest of the song.  &quot;Draft Morning&quot; is one of the most haunting songs about the tragedy in Vietnam.  The impressive mixture between the vocal and backing tracks clashes remarkably against the sounds of gunfire in the bridge and closing moments.  &quot;Draft Morning&quot; with it's original ending is included as a bonus track, but I'd like to hear the song with Crosby's original lyrics.  &quot;Wasn't Born To Follow&quot; is probably the best-known track from the album, and it's a magnifiscent performance.  McGuinn and Hillman's &quot;'Get To You&quot; is a delicious treat, an exquisite piece of music.  The fabulous melody and gentle longing in the lyrics make it an extremely enjoyable moment on the record.  &quot;Change Is  Now&quot; is extraordinary, words just can't describe it.  &quot;Old John Robertson&quot; is a terrific composition, the country melody works incredibly well with the excellent orchestration break.  &quot;Tribal Gathering&quot; is another one of Crosby's haunting compositions.  Thesong was a tribute to the Human Be In at Golden Gate Park.  &quot;Dolphin's Smile&quot; has the same gentle atmosphere, a beautiful compostition filled with sea imagery.  From sea we take to air and the future with &quot;Space Odyssey&quot;.  The song's unusual setting and sea shanty arrangement make it a stunning closing track to an extraordinary classic album.  The bonus tracks aren't quite as good as those on YOUNGER THAN YESTERDAY, maybe because &quot;Lady Friend&quot; and &quot;Old John Robertson&quot; were issued there instead, but the tracks here are good.  &quot;Moog Raga&quot; is a riveting instrumental piece, &quot;Bound To Fall&quot; is an excellent backing track.  Crosby's &quot;Triad&quot; goes beyond words, one of the greatest compositions on the disc.  The gentle arrangement works well with this remarkable song.  I followed the advice in the liner notes and programmed it in between &quot;Wasn't Born To Follow&quot; and &quot;Get To You&quot; but I think it might go better next to &quot;Tribal Gathering&quot;, but I haven't tried it yet.  Anyway, it's an incredible addition to THE NOTORIOUS BYRD BROTHERS.  The first version of &quot;Goin' Back&quot; is much slower, and some of the magic on the original version isn't present.  &quot;Draft Morning&quot; is brilliant.  The instrumental version of &quot;Change Is Now&quot;, titled &quot;Universal Mind Decoder&quot; is dazzling, though the familiar bridge isn't here on this early demo.  There is still ten minutes of the album left after &quot;Universal Mind Decoder&quot;, there's an ad for THE NOTORIOUS BYRD BROTHERS, with &quot;Goin' Back&quot; playing in the background, and Gary Usher speaking of how they felt the album turned out.  After that there's a segment from a recording session, (it sound's like the begining of &quot;Dolphin&quot;s Smile&quot;) in which we get some insight as to what happened to the original Byrds.  This is a most listen for any Byrds fan so I won't describe what happens during that time.  The Byrds were already being rebuilt by the time THE NOTORIOUS BYRD BROTHERS came out on January 3, 1968 (less than a month after completiton).  David Crosby had been fired in October 1967 after increasing tensions and an incident at the Monterey Pop Festival. It isn't an established fact whether Michael Clarke quit the band or was fired in November 1967.  Clarke disliked the music being recorded during these sessions and tensions were increasing among band members.  When first listening to THE NOTORIOUS BYRD BROTHERS, try to pay attention to the lyrics and melody instead of the effects or it can be overwhelming (at least it was for me).  Each song is packed with immense detail and revolutionary brilliance.  THE NOTORIOUS BYRD BROTHERS is by far the best release by the Byrds and one of the greatest albums of all time.
B00003CX8J|3.0|This is a must if you are a X-Men fan. I thought everyone in the film did a good job of transposing the comic book to film which will always be a difficult thing to do. I think many people have way to high of expectations when someone tries to take a comic book and make it into a movie. I mean it is a comic book for pete sake, not Gone with the Wind, it will be a little cheesey here and there.  I thought the characters, sets and costumes were done very well and many aspects of the movie made me interested enough to watch it again. I look forward to another X-Men film continuing where they left off in this movie. X-Men is definately not a &quot;must have&quot; DVD but it is fun to watch and as a fan I really enjoyed seeing the story brought to life.
B00004YA66|4.0|I'll keep this review short. Overlook the few loopholes that are in the plot. I'm not going to point them out because that's petty. This is a very suspenseful movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat throughout. It might also raise a lump or two in your throat. Lost opportunities and second chances is what this story is all about. And it does do a very good job handling the many pitfalls that can arise in a time travel story. It's well worth ones time to watch this movie. It's good to see a science fiction story that keeps it's sense of humanity. The special effects and hardware are not only secondary they're almost non-exsistent. Great movie.
B00004XPP0|1.0|In my opinion, Mr. Lucus has pushed alot of the best Star Wars fans past their breaking point with this insulting release.  How much longer is he going to wait to release this on DVD widescreen?  Most of us that shared the excitement of the original release in the days of our youth are in our mid 30's to late 40's now.  If Mr. Lucus waits any longer, he may wait past the point to where we just won't give a crap anymore.  If maximum sales profit is all Mr. Lucus is concerned about and the fans be damned, then I suggest Star Wars sales would have already reached their peak at this time, and it's all downhill from here.  I'm in my mid 30's and to my surprise, most 18-25 year olds that I know have never seen the original trilogy and don't have much interest in watching them.
B0000046MM|5.0|This is one of Paco de Lucia most poplar albums among modern Spanish guitar listeners. It's also a great place to start listening to De Lucia as the CD offers samples form both new and traditional Flamenco, plus other Spanish rhythms. Eight themes from De Lucia and six interpretations from other authors, among which we can distinguish two themes from the Spanish poet and also composer Federico Garc&iacute;a Lorca. \\"Entre Dos Aguas\\" is probably De Lucia's greatest hit world-wide. The success of this composition was an unexpected surprise to De Lucia as it was the last theme to be recorded and was composed as the group improvised and played in order to fill album space. \\"Rio Ancho\\" is a well known theme from De Lucia's trio efforts with Dimeola and Mc Laughing. The version recorded in this CD is the complete original version. De Lucia's guitar playing can be easily distinguished from the rest of the group's guitarists and his soloing will stand out from most of the world's wood guitar and nylon string players. De Lucia has added a great deal to the Flamenco music style and managed to grow further into the art of improvisation which lead him to enter into a fusion of styles and rhythms. This album specifically is closer to modern or nouveaux flamenco with very few moments of fusion, however if you understand about guitar playing you will appreciate that De Lucia's solos use tonalities and scales that are adventurous and challenging to the traditional player In summary, this album is a collection of different compositions and does not bear a defined style or a one music concept like De Lucia's last CD \\"Luzia\\". Nevertheless, the material is excellent and the instrument playing and ambience is superb. Flamenco music has a unique flavour and represents a life style. De Lucia is a main representative of this art and culture.
0060922583|5.0|Have you ever had a dream where everything in the dream was 'real' when you were in it? You could feel the touch of things and even smell things? Well it seemed too real UNTIL you woke up. Now it seems LIFE could be the same case too! It is as if this universe is just a thought or a dream. <br /> This book gives examples of experiments in Quantum Science that show the universe is too strange and sometimes seems 'illogical' to our reasoning. And we know time is a relative human construct, since the real 'time' is ALWAYS &quot;NOW&quot; in the present. <br />This book is truly great.
0345404475|5.0|I'll hold my hand up now and say that I'm not a sci-fi afficionado. However, I must make an exception in the case of `Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?'.  This is one original and fiercely intelligent novel, which transcends the genre that spawned it: it is the equal of many highly regarded works of `serious' literature and undoubtedly the product of a formidable intellect.  The ideas that Philip K Dick generates and the way he applies them to the human condition in this book throw up some fascinating themes: is empathy what makes us human? Is life precious for its own sake? Can we be sure that we are even 'alive'?<br />The novel is set on a post holocaust Earth now only sparsely populated by `specials' - humans whose genes have been rendered defective by radioactive dust - and a few others.  The remaining healthy humans have migrated to Mars, seduced by the promise of owning their own android.  The value of life on Earth is so high that a ludicrous extreme now exists, where the ultimate status goal is to own a live animal - which only the affluent, or the desperate, can afford. The sad, but cheap, alternative is to own an electric replica in order to save face with the neighbours.<br />Rick Deckard is a bounty hunter, his job to 'retire' renegade androids who have escaped from Mars. Six of the latest, highly sophisticated, Nexus 6 models have committed murder and escaped to Earth. The trouble is, these androids are so convincing it is only possible to be sure they are not human by gauging their reflex reactions to a series of questions, to test their empathy. This approach obviously has its shortcomings - the android could well have a laser gun pointed at you underneath the table. Set over the course of a single day, the novel charts the psychological voyage of discovery that Deckard unwittingly embarks on which sees him transformed from a down at heel private eye, who does his job without ever questioning the ethics or consequences, to an existentially uncertain refusenik who is profoundly unsure of his own sanity.<br />Dick's novel was the inspiration for Ridley Scott's `Bladerunner', though the two are significantly different. Where `Bladerunner' is a sort of ultra stylish sci-fi film noir `Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?' is a more cerebral experience that touches on some fairly weighty philosophical themes.  The film is visually stunning and manages to captures a nightmarish vision of a post apocalyptic future more perfectly than any other movie in the last twenty years, except perhaps `Terminator'. It is a work of atmosphere over ideas, though this isn't a criticism. The book covers more ground - certain elements, such as the bizarre religion Mercerism and the almost fanatical sociological obsession with live animals, are omitted from `Bladerunner', and these help to contextualise the warped evolution of human life on earth since World War Terminus. In conclusion this book is a classic, and that is not a term I would use lightly. It works on all sorts of levels, whether you're after a thought provoking exploration on what it means to be `alive' or simply an exciting, well written sci-fi detective yarn.  Read it.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This CD is great, it is 20 times better then  there 1st cd and 10 times better then there 2nd, you can listen to the whole thing over an over again. But you probably want to listen to it with your parents not around because of some pretty harsh lyrics.
0066620694|5.0|Clayton M. Christensen thoroughly and systematically analyzes the impact of both disruptive and sustaining technologies on well-managed enterprises. The author shows us how these enterprises belonging to very different industries fail precisely because they do all the right things in developing and bringing sustaining technologies to the market, i.e. 1. Listen to their customers carefully; 2. Invest enough money in developing new technologies that meet or exceed customer expectations; 3. Research market trends thoroughly; 4. Excel in allocating resources systematically to innovations that optimize returns.<br />Christensen clearly explains to us why and how enterprises that are paragon of the above-mentioned approach to the market can lose their balance while dealing with the emergence of disruptive technologies. Well-managed enterprises ultimately fail because they ignore or fight the five laws of disruptive technologies that Christensen has identified for us, i.e. 1. Tackle the disruptive technology appropriately, usually by setting up an autonomous entity free of the influence of mainstream customers; 2. Penetrate small markets through the use of an appropriate vehicle such as an autonomous entity, even if those markets don't allow well-managed enterprises to reach their targeted growth rates quickly; 3. Practice what Christensen calls &quot;agnostic marketing&quot;, i.e. gaining first experience in using a disruptive technology, often made possible by watching how real people use it rather by listening to their wishes before making plans for implementation; 4. Pay due consideration to internal processes and values that make well-managed enterprises strong in one context and weak in another one; 5. Realize that mainstream customers are not necessarily able or willing to absorb any performance improvement that investing in sustaining technologies makes possible.<br />To summarize, The Innovator's Dilemma brings a fresh perspective to an intricate issue that well-managed enterprises need to address sooner or later in their life.anaged enterprises need to address sooner or later in their life.
0811826848|5.0|Looking at the music industry today, it's hard to envision good music actually getting so much attention back then. The music market in America is primarily hype driven, but in the Beatles' case, that was a good thing. The Beatles' music was honest, catchy, and revolutionary, instantly appealing to the young of the 60s.<br />Now, decades later, we finally get a tome so comprehensive as to be the definite Beatlemaniac's bible. A Beatles neophyte could become a Beatles expert through this one book alone. That's how thorough the content of the book is.<br />The value is also great. At Amazon's incredible price..., it's a MUST BUY for any self-respecting Beatles fan.
0446604844|3.0|This is one of those books that I simply didn't like but was compelled to continue reading to the end.  It is one of those books where the heroine, Sidney Archer, tries to unravel a mystery even though she will probably end up dead.  (in real life anyone that does what she does would have been dead about 50 times.   She just seems to have &quot;Indiana Jones&quot; luck for getting out of dangerous situations).  Any sane person in the same position would probably quit their search at the beginning.   That is why I feel the book was unrealistic.  Other things that make it unrealistic is that as Sidney's saga moves on she all of a sudden becomes like The Girl from U.N.C.L.E in her resourcefulness and her ability to shoot a gun.<br />There is also no real explanation why an FBI agent helps her even though he believes her to be guilty.  A woman's charm can only go so far.<br />There is also a part of the book where a &quot;crack&quot; investigator is meeting with her.  You think that he is going to be the big hero of the book, but he is immediately knifed in the back.  This was an interesting plot twist (kind of like Janet Leigh being killed off early in the Psycho movie).<br />The ending of the book disappointed me.  (I don't want to say too much because it would be a spoiler to those who haven't read the book).  I felt that it was unrealistic too.
B000002AGE|5.0|To my mind, there are three reasons why this album stands out in both Weather Report's canon and the entire jazz-rock field:<br />1.  In its opening track 'Birdland', it contains the most successful jazz-rock single yet.  (But I warn you: after about 900 hearings, it does become a fraction irritating!)<br />2.  It represents the high point of Jaco Pastorius's achievements in a group context. On the previous Report album, 'Black Market', Pastorius appeared on a few tracks and was feeling his way.  Then he recorded the extraordinary, outstanding eponymous solo album (which now sounds even better in remastered form).<br />3.  The standard of all the tracks is just so consistently high (with the exception perhaps of 'Harlequin').  Even the nutty Badrena/Acuna percussion track at the start of what was side two on the LP is excellent.  In fact, it takes a few listenings to realise it, but side two (tracks five to eight) is actually better than side one.<br />The final track, 'Havona', is in my view the finest tune that Pastorius wrote for the group.  I saw the band in a tiny concert hall in Oxford on the 1977 'Heavy Weather' tour, and this was a great favourite of the audience.
0790731452|5.0|&quot;Mars Attacks!&quot; is good, clean fun, but it may not satisfy an audience that needs a humorless and socially &quot;appropriate&quot; message.  It offers no concessions to anyone's narrow preconceptions of what a movie must have or be in order to receive approval.  At its core is a very pleasing set of ingredients that meld beautifully, including but not limited to: (1) a love of traditional 1950-'s/1960's pulp scifi, reflected (for example) in its visually breath-taking homage to the stop-motion animated effects from the vintage film &quot;Earth Vs. The Flying Saucers&quot;, and its choice of the Mars Attacks bubblegum card series as its basis;  (2) a love of traditional American popular culture and entertainment, epitomized by the Tom Jones role, casino setting, TV-show auspices of some of its characters, etc.; (3) a wildly irreverent and satirical take on the time-honored hokum of scifi--&quot;take us to your leader/we come in peace&quot;, and a lot of other corny stuff really gets its due here; (4) and most unexpected of all, a wonderfully sweet and innocent sentimentality that emerges in the treatment of its characters, especially those in a class sometimes fashionably dismissed as &quot;trailer trash&quot; by the Jerry Springer crowd (you know, the we're-all-fools-and-nothing-matters-as-long-as-we-can-laugh-at-everyone-but-ourselves crowd).  This is a unique, one-of-a-kind of movie, but the closest thing it has to a message (for those who absolutely must have it) is that not everything we encounter in this mysterious thing we call life is going to have a rationale to suit our indignant, petty demands, and we can either get over it, or get hung up about it.  Our choice.  There is nothing preachy here, nothing politically correct, nothing designed to appeal specifically to the jaded cynicism of the painfully hip and terminally bored crowd.  Just solid, high-energy, visually dynamic fun wrapped in a hilariously dry, devastating wit that delivers.  This movie also establishes the definitive value of Slim Whitman's music, something that always eluded me before.  I'll never have to gnash my teeth again at the sound of his music again.  Thank you Tim Burton!
B00004U30D|5.0|As I sat in the theater, I didnt know what to expect from this movie that had gotten such great reviews. I was used to seeing really good movies but none that truly moved me to cry. This movie, with its realizum and deeply sensetive characters made me realize that people can still write some damn good screan plays. The one break through preformance that stood out, was Wes Bentley (he played Ricky Fitts, the next door neighbor). The words that he spoke when watching &quot;the most beautiful thing&quot; he has ever seen (a plastic bag blowing in the wind)made tears strem down my cheaks. And it seems that everytime I watch the movie it makes me cry. The way it was filmed was stunning. The bright crimson rose petles falling from the ceiling, all I can say is that there are so many beautiful things in that movie I am far to young to understand the genious behind it.
B000050XEI|5.0|I must begin by saying this: Enya is simply and utterly the most amazing artist I have ever discovered, and will surely remain as such for all eternity. Her capability to keep creating albums and songs that are all so different, yet all so amazing and beatiful, is genius!<br />The album begins with the pure and refreshing title track, which is an instrumental. As an added bonus, there are vocals throughout the song by Enya.<br />Then you are taken to a brighter, less serious level in &quot;Wild Child&quot;, whose title fits perfectly! This song is joyous and slightly spunky, and reminded me a little of &quot;Anywhere Is&quot;.<br />The single and third album track, &quot;Only Time&quot;, is calming and reassuring, and seems to say that worry is worthless, since all is in Time's hands.<br />&quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; seems to stir up every sense in me. This is easily one of my favorites from the album, and is a Latin chant that crescendos to the very end.<br />The effect that occurs between the fourth and fifth songs is very interesting. When &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; ends, the background actually fades into the background for &quot;Deora Ar Mo Chroi&quot;.<br />This Irish Gaelic song's translations are given in the album booklet, which speak of the earth's voices singing and gentle skies falling. It also mentions the singer's voice rising to the sky and &quot;telling all that I believe in&quot;. The song ends with the knowledge that the earth will sing again after night concludes.<br />&quot;Flora's Secret&quot; is, surprisingly, a love song. The background sounds very much like the beginning of &quot;Wild Child&quot;, but the melody and lyrics differ extremely. This song is light and full of the comfort of love between two people.<br />The seventh song on the album, called &quot;Fallen Embers&quot;, seems to tell a personal love story between the singer and someone close her. It is reminiscent of time spent with this person, how nights seemed to last forever, and how their hearts were singing. While the song speaks of love lost, Enya manages to hint at hope and gives the listener a bittersweet reaction.<br />&quot;Silver Inches&quot; is a delightful interlude for this album and entertains happily before the ninth track.<br />&quot;Pilgrim&quot; is a sober yet retainingly beautiful piece about journeying in self-discovery and life itself.<br />The next song provides another relationship song, &quot;One By One&quot;, filled with partings between the characters and then, without outright mention, coming together again. This airy piece begins the conclusion to A DAY WITHOUT RAIN.<br />&quot;Lazy Days&quot;, I must say, is just about the most perfect ending for a music journey that I can imagine. The lilting track's beginning even gives off an almost &quot;goofy&quot;, lighter side of Enya. The piece continues into spending days doing nothing but enjoying the present, and the vocal &quot;chorus&quot; stirs the memory of laughing children.<br />For anyone who is considering purchasing this album, or even if you are not very convinced by now, I URGE you, BUY THIS CD! You will definitely NOT regret it! There is no proper or possible way to describe the effect Enya's music has on the public, and I am sure that my review comes short of its goals, but one important goal has been reached: spreading the joy of Enya and her music!
B00004TJTQ|4.0|Well, all Mississippians who want to see a sweet, charming movie that authentically portrays (within obvious parameters) a slice of life from the Mississippi Delta of the WWII-era should see this movie.  The Suth'n accents are just right, and the vignettes perfectly depict Willie Morris' fanciful boyhood.  And the dog is great, too!
B000002TQV|5.0|This album is fantastically good. It's ridiculous how good it is, A few other albums, namely the Verve's Urban Hymms, OK Computer, would maybe give it some contention for the best disc of the 90's.  Radiohead posses the ability to transform their songs and themselves from quiet, gorgeous ballads, to angry seizure-inducing punk rock anthems. That ability, along with Yorke's profound lyrics, is never more apparent than on this album.  Every song is so good that its hard to find any faults with it at all. Their subsequent albums have been more experimental, and this feels like its the closest to being mainstream. We are lucky here, and you should already own this album. Do yourself a favor as well and find a copy of their videos, entitled 6 Television Commericals. The visuals are haunting and wonderful additions to the music.  Don't trust anyone who claims to know something about contemporary music if they don't have it. This is one of the finest creations of the best band left in the world. Treasure it.
0679879269|4.0|After the first two books, I was jumping up and down with anticipation when I got my hands on this one. It has a very clever plot and fascinating characters, but sometimes it sort of, well, lost interest for a while. Whereas with the first two I couldn't put them down, this one I sometimes wanted to skip ahead a few pages when it got boring. Still a worthwile read though.  One tip: Re-read the first two books before you start it or you'll be very confused at the beginning.
B0000507R0|5.0|After hearing this in album and cd form over 1,000 times I really did not expect any suprises. Boy was I wrong.20 seconds into the first song the hair on the back of my neck was standing up.Every instrument is much more defined,cleaner sounding and realistic. My only complaint on the remix is Carl Palmers aggressive timpini solo on Toccata the volume is to low.Other than that it`s perfect. Well thought out with great effects but not over done. It sounds like they re-recorded Greg Lakes voice for the first 45 seconds or so of Jerusalem.Why? I have no idea but it sounds great. I listened to this with a standard DVD player in 5.1 surrond sound. What it sounds like on the new DVD audio players I have no idea.Also I could not play the video part of the disk with my standard DVD player.Still this disk is worth twice the money you pay for it. If you allready own it on cd buy again in this format. I promiss you will not be dissapointed.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Never heard of x-men. It's been a while since I saw a comic book, and those were mainly Richie-Rich and Beetle Baily. I am a movie fan, and more importantly, a DVD fan.  Excellant F/X and sound.  Add it to you collection and you will not be disappointed.  Intriguing story and a good ride.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|This album has songs from Fly Away to his great new single Again. I would put this great cd on your christmas list.  I've never heard Lenny Kravitz songs so awesome like Again.  So if your a Lenny Kravitz fan go and buy this album today.  Lenny Kravitz will live on forever!!
B00001NFCY|5.0|I think Creed really blew off the charts with their hit song &quot;With Arms wide open&quot;, everytime I hear that song I get chills.  They have such a unique way of expressing their lyrics.  For an alternative song it has alot of sensuality to it and it is one of those hits where you can kick back with your guy or girl and just chillout and get close, which is not easy to do with alternative tracks.  I give Creed 5 stars on this one they really show their talent in alot of ways.  SO GET OUT AND BY THIS CD, you won't regret it.
0375404635|4.0|I find this book almost the biography of Sylvia Plath. The protagonist,Esther Greenwood have numerous similarities to Plath. Reading this heart-breaking novel was a totally unforgettable experience.<br />The book began with narration of Esther,19 and trying to write something in the summer in New York,1950. Esther like Plath was going through a difficult phase with life. She expereinced failures and distress and with unstable mind plus a little this and that lead to mental illness which eventually lead to suicide. Plath depicted the whole situation and events so vividly. Only one been through those thoughts and suffering could relate.<br />Plath wrote it with so much empathy and conscientious. She was crying out for help to her mental unstableness and woe she was going through. <br />Since this novel was published a month before her death at 30.Wonder how come no one approach to help her.If at that time she had care and support plus better treatment,maybe there's hope, or maybe not....
B000050XEI|3.0|I love Enya's previous albums (Shepherd Moon is my favorite), some of the most beautiful sounds I've ever heard, but this album sounds just like Memory of Trees - nothing new.  Maybe I've outgrown her, or maybe not.  I'll keep this one, but it's not fresh enough to earn a frequent ride in the cd-player.
B000051VWW|3.0|If you haven't listened to Sade's music before, you may get alot out of this new release.  Fans of later everything but the girl might hear some familiarity.  Similar to that band, this outfit has incorporated alot of the influence of triphop and stripped down beats into their music.  (I'm surprised by many of the reviews here that lump all of Sade albums together as the same.  I sometimes wonder what the people are listening to.  get past the lyric sheet and listen to the MUSIC).  These new influences also come, unfortunately, with a loss.  <br />Earlier music by this 4 piece outfit was much warmer and more organic.  One of the appeals of the first couple of albums was their refreshing contrast to the reigning synth-heavy music of the early to mid eighties.  Diamond Life hit home partially in the alternative sets because of this.  Like rem at the time or other newer bands reviving the sounds of real guitar, Sade had with her a group of jazz musicians that played real sax, real drums, real bass, real guitar.  Her voice has always had a cool detachment, which, like many great jazz female vocalists, sit nicely with the warm arrangements of music.<br />On this new album, her voice retains those qualities, but the music sounds sterile, leaving her voice sounding tired.  The emotional soundscapes created by the music feel kind of contrived, ingenuine.  synthbeat, triphop, of this kind works best when the vocalist adds the passion or drama, such as with Portishead.  But neither Tracey Thorn(everythingbutthegirl) in my opinion or Sade have the fire to infuse the adequate emotion into sterile beats such as these here. The album is okay, pleasant enough.  Relaxing, inocuous music.  But to me, it lacks the real spark of music that moves you.<br /> If surface style is enough for you, then you may enjoy this record alot.  If you 'like jazz' but don't know what instrument any of the musicians play, or if you like it indiscriminately because you like the 'style' of jazz, then youmight like this.<br />Otherwise, if you enjoy warmer authenticity, go for either of Sade's first two albums.
B00003CXFG|4.0|From the previews I thought this was going to be another generic sci-fi movie and had no interest in seeing it. Then I checked out the website and was intrigued by the characters and special effects. I was pleasantly surpriesed and this has become one of my favorite movies. The simple reason is that the characters were not stereotyped into good or bad. There was no forced romance in the movie and it didn't try to tie up loose ends. In fact the end was refreshingly different. The visuals were outstanding and added to the film, instead of forcing the audience to feel something, it let them. Definitely worth watching.
6305971145|5.0|This is one of my favorite Christmas movies.  It brings the legend of Santa Claus to life in a grandiose way (i.e. great Hollywood special effects and wonderful musical score!)  This movie was produced by the Salkinds (which probably explains why some of the flying sequences are similar to the Superman movies.)  I just recently found it is available now on DVD.  The DVD gives you four movie trailers and a very interesting hour-long behind the scenes making of &quot;Santa Claus:  The Movie.&quot;  It also has director's commentary, if you like that.  Buy the widescreen version.  Ever since owning a DVD player, I have enjoyed watching movies presented widescreen.  I hate to see them &quot;fit to screen,&quot; because it cuts so much out of the picture.  The score is by Henry Mancini and is just magical,  especially &quot;Sleigh Ride Over Manhattan&quot;!  This is a wonderful Christmas movie that you and your family will enjoy for years to come!!
B00003CXE7|5.0|After such flawed epics as Braveheart and Titanic, I resigned myself to the fact that this film's main entertainment would be Russell Crowe looking intense for 3 hours. By the time the credits rolled I found myself wide eyed, halfway through the film I found myself transfixed by a formaula plot as though I had seen this formula for the first time. I walked away from the theatre with a sense of tragedy and satisfaction. Other than Saving Private Ryan, this is first &quot;movie for the masses&quot; I've really enjoyed.<br />This story doesn't claim to be anything original.. It's a good old fashioned tale with modern technique. It's a faux-Shakespearean historical fantasy that's meant for fun and entertainment. I don't see why some people are judging it so harshly. If you don't like it, it just didn't appeal to you. Fine.<br />It's a revenge play... Hamlet in the arena if you will... but what makes it work so well are the talented cast, music and beautiful costumes/sets. It plays on your emotions without being sappy, it doesn't have to have any really annoying overblown message to succede. It looks so good it dazzles your eyes, a familiar story yet you wait excitedly to see how it works out. It's just great fun, not tedious and arrogant like Spartacus and Ben Hur. Every scene is forward and to the point, none of this nonsense that makes other movies of this length just too long. <br />Russell steals the show... but Nielson and Phoenix run him a close second. Lucilla is really a postive female role without being exaggerated. I really appreciated this.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney's new cd is way cool! She is more grown up and her music really shows it. I am glad I bought the cd. I can just sit down and listen to it or it is cool and fast enough to use to dance to.You have got to love it.
B00000IO4J|5.0|The Faculty was a great movie! It isn't like your slasher movie where kids are getting chopped up every where, however, it is a suspense kind of movie. Imagine being a kid who discovers aliens are takeing over the school, and no one believes you. Well, if you're like me and want to see a movie that keeps you guessing, this is the one for you!
B000050XEI|5.0|I have to say that to me, this CD is a return to the good old days. It reminds me of her first three efforts with just a touch of &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; (Not that &quot;The Memory Of Trees&quot; was really that bad). I'm really glad to see her return to what made her shine.
052594527X|5.0|Vermeer was a seventeenth-century Delft painter who is known for his uncanny ability to use and capture light.  He recorded the simple, yet intimate, activities of daily goings-on with a balance and detail that brought the very breath of life to his paintings.  Tracy Chevalier, in Girl With a Pearl Earring, uses this same balance and detail to tell the story of Griet, a sixteen-year old servant girl working in Vermeer's household.<br />Although strong in both mind and body, Griet comes from a poverty-stricken family.  Her father, once a skilled painter of Delft tiles, has been blinded in a kiln explosion.  It is the shy and naive Griet who seeks to provide the wages needed for the family's survival.  In the Vermeer household, Griet must cope with seemingly endless loads of laundry and meals, five small children and Vermeer's continually-pregnant wife, Catharina.  It is her artist's eye, however, that sets her apart from the other servants, for Griet can clean the master's studio without having seemed to have touched a thing.<br />This book is woven around one of Vermeer's most famous paintings, The Girl With a Pearl Earring.  It is a painting that is different from the religious scenes and those of daily life in Delft, so typical of Vermeer.  The story is told from the point-of-view of Griet, the eventual model for the painting, rather than Vermeer, and it is filled with a young and fresh look at the daily details of life in 1660s Delft.  We learn of the canals and the markets as well as the creation of Vermeer's masterpieces.<br />Griet's story is a complex one as she struggles to make a real place for herself in the Vermeer household.  As a Protestant, she is looked upon with suspicion by most of the members of this Catholic home, but she nevertheless attracts a young suitor who is determined to marry her, as she comes to play a major role in Vermeer's life as a helper who can not only clean his studio and organize his paints, but can actually help him to composehis paintings as well.<br />The emotional tone of Girl With a Pearl Earring is perfect.  Griet is a fully-realized character; a child growing into an adult, with just the right mix of girlish ways and budding maturity.  The detail of daily life is also rendered so finely and precisely that we feel we can actually smell the meat halls of Delft, hear the lively bustle of city life and suffer the quiet tragedy of a quarantine.<br />Chevalier also weaves details from Vermeer's paintings into her story of Griet.  The result is a book that is vibrantly alive and lustrously rich.  It is an education in art history for those who would otherwise let it pass them by.  A tapestry of beauty that pulls the reader in from beginning to end, Girl With a Pearl Earring is a fascinating story and a fascinating look at life in Renaissance Delft that will reward anyone who reads it.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I seen Gladiator once at the theater I love it!This is the best movie ever!.Ridley Scott is the best directed,Russell Crowe is a outstanding actor,and Joaquin Phoenix another outstanding actor too.I am awe at this movie I love it,kind of remind me of another Braveheart movie.<br />Now for the good review on DVD,you know I love DVD so much,because of the sharp bright picture and the 5.1 digital surround sound.OK,the Gladiator DVD &quot;one word,AWESOME!&quot; when you pop this disc on your DVD player,you well love the picture,is so bright and clear.Every scene I watch has no grain what so ever,Dreamworks did a fabulous job.This disc as two digital surround sound,DTS ES and DOLBY DIGITAL.I've listen to the DTS and I must say the DTS sound is the best,I can hear the arrow flying around my room and the battle scene was totally awesome is like I'm in the middle of the action.I love it!! the disc 2,you get a bonus material.This is a great DVD and those people who have a vcr and wanted to buy it,is not avalible on vhs at the store yet,buy a DVD player and Gladiator on DVD,you won't be disappointed.I've haven't.
B00004XONN|2.0|<BR>No. No they aren't. There is a fine line between experimenting and wanking. Ambition and pretentiousness. Good music and bad music. On &quot;OK Computer&quot; Radiohead somewhat admirably walked that line, but on &quot;Kid A&quot;, they've fallen flat on their faces on the wrong side. The worst part is that they've blinded the music press and their own fans with their contrived expectaion-dodging antics.<br />Okay, maybe that's not really fair. I'm sure there are people who do REALLY like this record. Indeed, a couple songs work, &quot;Idiotheque&quot; and &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; being two standouts. But look; all of this has been done before, BETTER. LFO, Aphex Twin, Autechre... hell, buy a Warp sampler and you'll get a much better version of &quot;Kid A&quot; with a copyright date of ten years ago. To say this is innovative or even foward-looking is pretty naive. If anything, it's retro.<br />Thom Yorke really needs some ice for that swelling head of his.
B00000JCOV|2.0|All Slipknot sounded like to me was a 2000's version of Slayer w/a slightly alternative sound.Thrash metal is like science fiction...it's either done well or done badly.Slipknot isn't totally  terrible,but they're nothing I haven't heard before.     Slayer - satanic gimmick = Slipknot
0553328255|5.0|I have never been a fan of mysteries... actually, save Sherlock Holmes, I never read them.  Once I stumbled upon Sherlock and Watson in my grade ten English class, I knew that I was hooked for life.  Very little of my passion for Conan Doyle is based on his ability to write a spine-tingling  or comical or dramatic mystery ( although he does all with such remarkable precision and depth that I deem him no less than that of a  genius )  I am basically drawn to Sherlock Holmes as  a character.  I think he possesses a certain allure.... he contains an almost ethereal and metaphysical presence at times and his powers of deduction are indeed out of this world.  However he is extremely flawed, reminding us  that even the best most intelligent beings  on the earth have moments of misgiving.  Sherlock Holmes  is a cocaine- addict.  He is rude, narcassistic, and incredibly sarcastic.  Save himself, and his best friend Watson, he cares not about anyone in the world.  He revolves around his world, and cases, not the people behind them, stimulate him.  However there are remarkable stories where a bit of a heart shines through and proves him not a total automaton.   Watson also casts an hypnotic power on the reader.  He is not only a fine narrator ( Doyle's exceptional writing capablility shining through him ) yet, he is also a wonderful, loyal, witty friend and companion to Sherlock.  Not at all the unintelligent foil many adaptations make the mistake of intending him to be.  He is also flawed, a womanizer and a gambler, and  someone who cannot understand his friend. It is Watson that holds us in the stories... we look to him for direction... As a classical literature  nut, I strongly feel that everyone should be initiated to the canon.  You cannot just read one or two stories.. you must read them all.  You will find them so enthralling you may read them all in the span of two weeks ( as I did ) and return many times after to indulge yet again in the Victorian gas-lit era of 19thCentury London.
0316777722|5.0|I'm not going to repeat in detail what is said in the many other excellent reviews here about the hilarity contained in &quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day,&quot; except to say I agree 100% with these effusive takes on David Sedaris' latest effort.  One highlight:  I almost drove off the road listening to the accounts of Sedaris' French class with his sadistic teacher telling him - in English &quot;I hate you.  I hate every day with you.  Each day with you is like giving birth by cesarean section.&quot;<br />Now I don't know what that read like in the book, but I'm here to make a pitch for the audio casette version.  Sedaris' voice, understated delivery, and hilarious imitations make the extra investment you'll need to purchase the tapes worth every cent.  I'm sure 'Giants Dreams, Midget Abilities' is a hilarous read, but hearing him imitate his instructor, Mr. Mancini, will put your enjoyment of the tale on a whole different level.  And there's Sedaris' Billy Holiday imation in the same tale...frankly, I had to compose myself to finish this review because I'm chuckling so hard remembering all this great stuff.<br />Buy the tapes.
B0000032LS|5.0|I just recieved this soundtrack, and it is excellent. Perfect gift idea for your Frank or Magenta!It has all the songs from the movie that you love plus it is a magnificant soundtrack.Hope you will enjoy this as much as I do.
B000050XEI|5.0|Something I have noticed here: Everyone seems to spend more time analysing the music than they do listening to it.  I get sick of people saying that since this album or that one stunk that the next one will and such. People cant be predicted so quit trying to do the impossible.       All I need to know is if people enjoy listening to it or not.  Whether this resonance is right and this other one isn't doesnt matter one stick to me.  If that is the way Enya recorded it that must be the way she wants it and so it must be right.   Personally, I am fully impressed with the soothing sounds of this album and fully enjoy it.  THAT is ALL that matters.
B0000032LS|5.0|I just recieved this soundtrack, and it is excellent. Perfect gift idea for your Frank or Magenta!It has all the songs from the movie that you love plus it is a magnificant soundtrack.Hope you will enjoy this as much as I do.
0399146253|3.0|Enough, already! Kay Scarpetta's determination to cram lesbianism and her torture of Dino has become a din. Where is the very excellent forensic work of the earlier books? The very thing that made Kay Scarpetta is buried beneath the flaming torches. The police work, the investigation, the mystrey-solving has been replaced by self-pity of gagging proportions...I was very disappointed....me a die-hard Patty Cornwell groupie! Bring back the earlier story lines. Who cares about how brilliant, rich, her niece is-who she sleeps with, whose butt she kicks (please!) Give me the old Kay anyday!...
B00004WKII|5.0|Universally recognized as one of the most creative and influential musicians of the 20th century, Jimi Hendrix single-handedly pioneered the explosive popularity of the electric guitar. His innovative style of combining fuzz, feedback &amp; controlled distortion created a new and unparalleled music form. Unable to read of write music, Hendrix was entirely self-taught. His main influences came from all the major bluesmen: BB King, Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, Robert Johnson, etc.<br />In September of 1966, he moved to London with Mitch Mitchell &amp; Noel Redding. The Jimi Hendrix Experience quickly became the talk of the town. Their first single, \\"Hey Joe\\" spent 10 weeks on the UK charts, reaching a respectable #6. The Are You Experienced? album quickly followed. With such signature tunes as &quot;Purple Haze,&quot; &quot;The Wind Cries Mary,&quot; &quot;Foxey Lady&quot; and &quot;Fire,&quot; it eventually went on to become one of the most popular rock albums of all time.<br />For his next album, Hendrix took greater control of his music, spending considerably more time in the studio. The result was the ambitious Axis: Bold as Love. Shortly after the release of Axis, Jimi designed and built Electric Lady Studios in New York's Greenwich Village. The studio became the namesake for the Electric Ladyland album, his most demanding musical endeavor to date. It would also be the last album he would release before his untimely death.<br />In August of 1969, Hendrix headlined the infamous Woodstock Music and Arts Festival in Saugerties, NY, where he whipped the weary, mud soaked crowd into a frenzy with his groundbreaking rendition of The Star Spangled Banner.\\" The end of '69 found Hendrix playing with Billy Cox and Buddy Miles. The trio performed 4 concerts at the legendary Fillmore East. Highlights of the shows were released by Capitol as the now classic album, Band of Gypsys. An expanded version was released in 1999 as Jimi Hendrix: Live at the Fillmore East.<br />This brings us to the present. The folks at Experience Hendrix/MCA recently released the cleverly titled new box set: The Jimi Hendrix Experience. Spanning 4CDs/8LPs, this new collection includes 56 tracks of unreleased material, live cuts, alternate takes, and rarities. The 80-page book is loaded with rare photos, notes on each track, essays by noted Hendrix historians, plus Jimi's handwritten lyrics to several songs. Enclosed in a beautiful, crushed velvet box, the new box is sure to please fans. From live tracks recorded in Paris in 1966 (the band's fourth live performance ever) to his last known studio recording, the material covers Jimi's entire career. All but nine of the songs are previously unreleased, and several of those are appearing on CD for the first time. <br />Highlights are too numerous to mention, but for starters: the box includes alternate versions of \\"Purple Haze,\\" \\"Foxey Lady,\\" \\"Highway Chile\\" (appearing in stereo for the first time), \\"Hey Joe,\\" plus extended versions of \\"Third Stone From the Sun,\\" \\"Spanish Castle Magic,\\" and \\"Gloria.\\" Then there are the first known recordings of \\"Little Wing,\\" \\"Sweet Angel,\\" \\"Burning of the Midnight Lamp\\" (along with the first live rendition of the song). The last disc ends with \\"Slow Blues,\\" Jimi's last known studio recording. <br />Even though this collection is aimed at existing Jimi-philes, there are more than enough tunes here to satisfy even the casual fans. Experience Hendrix/MCA has done a consistently great job with the titles they've released, and this box set is the crème de le crème. Highly recommended. <br />Vinyl collectors note: There was only one press run of the box on vinyl. If you see it, buy it.
B00004WFAB|5.0|Universally recognized as one of the most creative and influential musicians of the 20th century, Jimi Hendrix single-handedly pioneered the explosive popularity of the electric guitar. His innovative style of combining fuzz, feedback &amp; controlled distortion created a new and unparalleled music form. Unable to read of write music, Hendrix was entirely self-taught. His main influences came from all the major bluesmen: BB King, Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, Robert Johnson, etc.<br />In September of 1966, he moved to London with Mitch Mitchell &amp; Noel Redding. The Jimi Hendrix Experience quickly became the talk of the town. Their first single, \\"Hey Joe\\" spent 10 weeks on the UK charts, reaching a respectable #6. The Are You Experienced? album quickly followed. With such signature tunes as &quot;Purple Haze,&quot; &quot;The Wind Cries Mary,&quot; &quot;Foxey Lady&quot; and &quot;Fire,&quot; it eventually went on to become one of the most popular rock albums of all time.<br />For his next album, Hendrix took greater control of his music, spending considerably more time in the studio. The result was the ambitious Axis: Bold as Love. Shortly after the release of Axis, Jimi designed and built Electric Lady Studios in New York's Greenwich Village. The studio became the namesake for the Electric Ladyland album, his most demanding musical endeavor to date. It would also be the last album he would release before his untimely death.<br />In August of 1969, Hendrix headlined the infamous Woodstock Music and Arts Festival in Saugerties, NY, where he whipped the weary, mud soaked crowd into a frenzy with his groundbreaking rendition of The Star Spangled Banner.\\" The end of '69 found Hendrix playing with Billy Cox and Buddy Miles. The trio performed 4 concerts at the legendary Fillmore East. Highlights of the shows were released by Capitol as the now classic album, Band of Gypsys. An expanded version was released in 1999 as Jimi Hendrix: Live at the Fillmore East.<br />This brings us to the present. The folks at Experience Hendrix/MCA recently released the cleverly titled new box set: The Jimi Hendrix Experience. Spanning 4CDs/8LPs, this new collection includes 56 tracks of unreleased material, live cuts, alternate takes, and rarities. The 80-page book is loaded with rare photos, notes on each track, essays by noted Hendrix historians, plus Jimi's handwritten lyrics to several songs. Enclosed in a beautiful, crushed velvet box, the new box is sure to please fans. From live tracks recorded in Paris in 1966 (the band's fourth live performance ever) to his last known studio recording, the material covers Jimi's entire career. All but nine of the songs are previously unreleased, and several of those are appearing on CD for the first time. <br />Highlights are too numerous to mention, but for starters: the box includes alternate versions of \\"Purple Haze,\\" \\"Foxey Lady,\\" \\"Highway Chile\\" (appearing in stereo for the first time), \\"Hey Joe,\\" plus extended versions of \\"Third Stone From the Sun,\\" \\"Spanish Castle Magic,\\" and \\"Gloria.\\" Then there are the first known recordings of \\"Little Wing,\\" \\"Sweet Angel,\\" \\"Burning of the Midnight Lamp\\" (along with the first live rendition of the song). The last disc ends with \\"Slow Blues,\\" Jimi's last known studio recording. <br />Even though this collection is aimed at existing Jimi-philes, there are more than enough tunes here to satisfy even the casual fans. Experience Hendrix/MCA has done a consistently great job with the titles they've released, and this box set is the crème de le crème. Highly recommended. <br />Vinyl collectors note: There was only one press run of the box on vinyl. If you see it, buy it.
B00000348D|3.0|&quot;Free Jazz&quot; is recognized as an important revolutionary work that changed jazz forever! It had a profound influence on John Coltrane's pursuit of modal jazz. &quot;Free Jazz&quot; is a difficult album to absorb all at once through one listening. The album rambles with chaotic interrupting sounds with no musical structure. I admit that I did not enjoy it and expect my review to be rebuffed by hardcore jazz enthusiasts. For a new jazz listeners, this is not a good album to start with. &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; and &quot;A Love Supreme&quot; are better introductions!
6305750750|3.0|I hope George Lucas reads some of these reviews because many valid points are made.  George has lost touch with making a film story and only can make the visuals.  At many points during the filming of Phantom Menace he had actors talking to blue screens or to a cardboard cutout, and it shows.  George, make a film not just a loosely connected series of effects.  You are making the same mistake as was made 20+ years ago with Star Trek: The Motion Picture.  They thought Star Wars could be imitated by just putting in a bunch of effects, but people want a story too.  You are making better and better effects, but less and less story.  Please listen to your fans, they are after all the people whom you should be making the film for.
B000002I2G|4.0|First of all, I love The Doors' music &amp; have all their original albums! I bought &quot;Soft Parade&quot; when it first came out in 1969 &amp; really liked it. Now some 31 years later, I can see its' flaws like a &quot;Jekyll &amp; Hyde&quot; experiment blown array. The Doors made an overly ambitious attempt to do an experimental album in response to other 60's Super Groups such as Beach Boys' &quot;Pet Sounds,&quot; Beatles' &quot;Sgt Pepper,&quot; Byrds' &quot;5th Dimension,&quot; Stones' &quot;Their Satanic Majesties Request.&quot; &quot;The Soft Parade&quot; employs jazz, country, classical, &amp; african tribal musical elements which seems to be thrown around indiscriminately.  Side One of &quot;Soft Parade&quot; starts with the hopeful &quot;Tell All The People&quot; which works well with the horn accompaniment. Morrison's empassioned vocals command over the jazz-influenced &quot;Touch Me&quot; was their big smash hit with a great sax solo ending. Unfortunately, &quot;Shaman's Blues,&quot; &quot;Do It,&quot; &amp; &quot;Easy Ride&quot; are experimental filler material. Side Two, &quot;Wild Child&quot; has great blues guitar work from Robby Krieger mixed with some Native American rhythms. &quot;Runnin' Blue&quot; is alittle bit country with Robbie Krieger's &quot;Hee-Haw&quot; (&quot;Alright look at my shoes...&quot;)chorus vocals mixed the Morrison's soulful lament of the loss of Otis Redding. &quot;Wishful Sinful&quot; is the most interesting track on the album with Morrison doing his best &quot;Sinatra&quot; vocals with orchestra (great English Horn solo!). &quot;The Soft Parade&quot; track is total chaos (&quot;Petition the Lord with prayer...Peppermint miniskirts, chocolate candy...Winter women growing stones...Sailors to the underfed...Calling on the dogs...When all else fails, We can whip the horses' eyes, And make them sleep, And cry...&quot;) like &quot;Free Jazz.&quot;  To a new Doors listener, start with the 1st album, &quot;Waiting for the Sun,&quot; and &quot;Morrison Hotel&quot; in that order. &quot;The Soft Parade&quot; is truly for hardcore Doors fans only.
B00003CXE7|5.0|If I were a voting member of the academy Gladiator would get my best picture Oscar and Russell Crowe would also win for best actor.  This film is compelling and well acted and it has enough violence to keep you interested if you are not into great performance and writing.  This is a great film.<br />The DVD collection too is awesome.  There is a great deal of extra material and it even comes with a second disc to hold some of it.  If you like the art of filmmaking then you should get this DVD set to learn about the making of such an epic film.  All in all the quality of the film and DVD materials make this DVD a bargain at any price.
B000009QPK|4.0|This was the first Slayer album I bought (I now own &quot;Divine Intervention&quot; and &quot;Diabolus in Musica&quot; as well) and I have to say that if you are looking for anything by Slayer then you should start here. It is INCREDIBLE. Even after hearing a lot of other fast paced thrash metal (Metallica, Pantera) I was still given an unexpected adrenaline rush! It is that good!<br />Tom Araya's bass skills aren't that amazing, but his vocals are well done in the live arena. Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman are amazing guitarists and Dave Lombardo's drumming is just mind-blowing! Tracks such as Hell Awaits, The Antichrist, Angel Of Death, Hallowed Point are excellent... all the songs are excellent!<br />The only reason that this gets 4 and not 5 is because a lot of the songs sound similar and some tend get played un-noticed. Also, the lyrics (and what they are about) are a pile of arse and I feel that they were written for shock value. But listen to the music and not the lyrics, and you will hear what metal should sound like today.
B00003W8NM|5.0|&quot;The more he seeketh to rise into the height and light, the more vigorously do his roots struggle earthward, downward, into the dark and deep- into the evil.&quot; -- Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra.<br />People, before you criticize this movie for being &quot;pointlessness&quot;, or say it is just gratuitous violence for entertainment's sake. Go read a book by any of the 20th century philosopher, (preferably Nietzsche) and you'll find that it is you who have your roots planted too shallow so that you can not comprehend the height and light of this master piece of a movie...
B00000064G|5.0|I found this album in a used LP bin in 1990. I bought it because the cover was cool. At first listen, I was unimpressed. It sounded so... bare, so basic. Nonetheless, I found myself listening to the record again and again... until I suddenly realized I had come to love it. A few years later, I picked up &quot;Fruit Tree&quot; which included everything Nick Drake had ever recorded on 4 CD's. Pink Moon remained my favorite. After experiencing the spare, delicate arrangements of &quot;Pink Moon&quot;, it was hard to relate to the horns and strings n &quot;Bryter Layter&quot; and &quot;Five Leaves Left&quot;... the songs are great on those two records, but I feel the production hopelessly dates them.<br />Just the other day, being an obesessive about sound quality, I bought the new 24 bit remaster of this album. The new CD sounds at least as good as the old LP (although, in honesty, my copy was neither an early pressing on anywhere near mint). Inner details are subtly revealed. Drake's voice has more &quot;air&quot; around it, you can discern the character more readily. The music itself,of course,remains utterly essential. The lyrics are spooky, the guitar playing is intricate. For all the talk about this being a &quot;dificult&quot; album, I feel it is actually very accesible. It is melodic, gorgeously wrought, full of mystery, and at times, full of joy.
0780624890|5.0|I just got finished watching this movie.  And to tell you the awesome to god truth, this movie is so phat.  All the graphical unrealism, great stuntmen, great role-play, and the fighting shown throughout the whole movie.  I really liked Wesley's attitude, he's cool, a &quot;cold-hearted&quot; hero.  Those are the things people look for in a hero, or movie like this one.  Only 1 drawback, it's that dog-gon lady that keeps on trailing behind Blade.  I honestly got aggravated just by looking at her and hearing her talk.  She wrecked the whole scene, but Wesley stole the mic and took over the stage.  To me any one of you under 18, I don't think you should watch it.
B000002P5R|1.0|This isn't a good Hendrix release. It is badly sequenced and shoddily compiled. I don't think VOODOO SOUP had it all together as one other reviewer said, but it is a better and more accurate collection than this one is.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|I first heard At the Drive-In when they played on Late Night with Conan O'Brien. I was blown away. The energy of the band, especially the lead singer (dig the Daltrey-esque mic swinging). So, I bought the CD. First off, it was only 10 bucks. then, I got it home and listened to it. Their entire album reflected that energy. This is a great CD. Good for fans of Fugazi, Rage Against the Machine, and thinking-man bands like Tool and Far.
B000002G7E|1.0|There is just about zero talent displayed anywhere on this steaming pile of crap! Come on...classic? You mean like the rock equivalent of Ed Wood's &quot;Orgy Of The Dead&quot;?
068818071X|5.0|That is how I felt while reading Rachel's Holiday. I had to know what she was going to do ,or say ,next. I enjoyed this book, because not only was it well written and researched, but I truly felt as if I was on the Holiday with Rachel.
B00003CXBK|5.0|i have seen many anime films, but one of the best for me has been mononoke hime (princess mononoke). the animation is one of the best as well as the story line and plot. it's not like other animated disney-type movies where you can predict what is going to happen and when, but it has a very complex story line which will keep your interest. for those who do not know what anime is or never heard of it, this is the perfect movie to watch...i would advise to see the subtitled version, but if you want to see it dubbed then fine....
B000002JS0|5.0|This is one of AC/DC's best albums.  It contains their all time hit &quot;T.N.T.&quot; along with other great hard rock songs.  Some are: the highly-addictive &quot;High Voltage,&quot; the great guitar sounding &quot; Can I Sit Next to You Girl,&quot; the many sounds of &quot;It's A Long Way to the Top(If You Wanna Rock &amp; Roll),&quot; and the bass sounds of &quot;Live Wire.&quot;  You will love this CD(and the case's inside cover at that.  Trust me, you will have Oi, Oi, Oi, in your head and you'll love it.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Hey, if you don't have this cd I suggest you do yourself a favor and buy it. Back in the day I watched all of the Movies and loved all the music, but this cd can take you back so I agree with Iceman.
B00004Y2FT|5.0|One of the great enigmas of the eighties, Cocteau Twins now release a long overdue collection of best-tracks. From 1982's delicious 'Sugar Hiccup' right through to their very latest recordings, 10 years ago it has to be said, they still sound as fresh and inspiring as ever. They emerged from the Joy Divsion, New Order crowd, sombre and dark, yet incredibly sensitive and melodic. Much of this is to do with Elizabeth Fraser's unique  vocals, fragile and yet capable of great power and leadership. The music still sounds as relevant now as it ever did and after three or four plays Stars And Topsoil will carve an essential place in your CD collection. Unique, addictive and a rare combination of musical talents from Fraser's stunning vocals to Robin Guthrie's stacked guitars and, the later joining, Simon Raymonde's underlying bass rumbles.  Of course the excellently  written material pulls it all together to make them an essential act. Timless and classic, there is so much here to enjoy, the aching lullaby of 'Pearly-Dewdrops' Drops', the shimmering guitars of 1984's gorgeous Pandora and the following years 'Lazy Calm' (pure Bladerunner atmosperic charm), the haunting 'Pink Orange Red' and the puchy steam train of 'Carolyn's Fingers'. Towards the end of the album, just when you think it can't  get much better arrives the totally sublime 'Fifty-Fifty Clown' and the world class 'Iceblink Luck'. With hardly a single duff track. this has to be, without doubt my album of the year so far.
0767800958|5.0|I have not been able to buy The Tango Lesson locally, but have rented it several times. I really can't give a considered review, because I always become very emotionally involved with it. Firstly, I have always loved dancing, and wish I could have learnt the tango in my energetic youth. Now I feel I might just fall down! Secondly, I think Pablo Veron is gorgeous, and Sally Potter is a mixture of strength and femininity, being both intelligent and caring. I suppose the story line is simple and pared back, but oh, the lovely dancing from all concerned, and the depth of feeling that is there!
B00004U8H4|1.0|Maybe the reviewers read this one or The Informers and mistook them for American Psycho, amd maybe Mary Harron did the same.  The movie bears only a fleeting resemblance to the book and misses the point entirely. Aside from that, it was poorly done.  I would click over and buy the book...you will be deeply disturbed by it. As for the movie, skip it!
B00004U2GH|5.0|Cash perhaps never connected with an audience more fully than during this live performance within the walls of one of California's most notorious penitentiaries. From the moment he steps on stage he shows ill-regard for everyone but his performing troupe and his listening audience. Those recording and filming the show for TV, and their demands that he &quot;you gotta do this song, you gotta do that song, y'know, you gotta stand like this or act like this... I just don't get it man. Y'know, I'm here... I'm here to do what you want me to, and what I want to do&quot; are little more than grist with which he solidifies his bond with the inmates. His call for requests is met with a hailstorm of titles, most of which he works through both dutifully and joyfully. The response from the audience is as electric as the band's performances.<br />The set list includes inspiring performances of many Cash chestnuts. The opening &quot;Big River&quot; (previously unissued on the original release) provides the authoritative musical stamp to back up the introductory salutation, &quot;Hello, I'm Johnny Cash.&quot; The rhythmic backing of drummer W.S. Holland, bassist Marshall Grant and newly introduced guitarist Bob Wootton (replacing Luther Allison, who'd passed away the previous August) is a textbook of country trio playing. Other hits include &quot;I Walk the Line,&quot; &quot;Folsom Prison Blues,&quot; (in an especially spirited rendition) &quot;Ring of Fire&quot;, &quot;Daddy Sang Bass&quot; (from the pen of troupe-member Carl Perkins), and the breakout from this LP (presented for the first time in its full, unbleeped glory), Shel Silverstein's &quot;A Boy Named Sue.&quot;<br />But the hits only scratch the surface of this album's high points. The debut of Cash's &quot;San Quentin&quot; so pleased the audience that he gave in to their request to sing it again. Cash's troupe, including wife June Carter and her family, his backing trio, The Tennessee Three, along with the Statler Brothers and Carl Perkins sing the gospel &quot;Peace in the Valley&quot; and Cash's spiritual &quot;He Turned the Water Into Wine&quot; to a roomful of violent criminals being held at bay more by the music's power than by the machine-gun toting guards. Cash is spellbinding with his introductions, stories, asides and half-recorded conversations with the audience.<br />Even though the tracks are rearranged from the show's original running order, one can't help but feel how magnificent Cash's late 60s revue was as a stage act. The combination of the leader's storied past (and the gritty way with which he approached the circumstances of playing inside the walls of San Quentin), the Carter family's brilliant on-going legacy, and the combined talents of Cash's backing trio, the Statler Brothers and Carl Perkins is nearly too big for confinement, either in prison or on record. But given the expanded possibilities of CDs, including a generous nine bonus tracks, and the thoughtful liner-note remembrances of Cash himself, Marty Stuart, Merle Haggard (who'd seen Cash at San Quentin the late 50s), June Carter Cash, this reissue explodes with the vitality and sense of purpose with which the show was presented. It's about as close as you'll get to feeling it without spending some hard time on the inside.others and Carl Perkins sing the gospel &quot;Peace in the Valley&quot; and Cash's spiritual &quot;He Turned the Water Into Wine&quot; to a roomful of violent criminals being held at bay more by the music's power than by the machine-gun toting guards. Cash is spellbinding with his introductions, stories, asides and half-recorded conversations with the audience.<br />Even though the tracks are rearranged from the show's original running order, one can't help but feel how magnificent Cash's late 60s revue was as a stage act. The combination of the leader's storied past (and the gritty way with which he approached the circumstances of playing inside the walls of San Quentin), the Carter family's brilliant on-going legacy, and the combined talents of Cash's backing trio, the Statler Brothers and Carl Perkins is nearly too big for confinement, either in prison or on record. But given the expanded possibilities of CDs, including a generous nine bonus tracks, and the thoughtful liner-note remembrances of Cash himself, Marty Stuart, Merle Haggard (who'd seen Cash at San Quentin the late 50s), June Carter Cash, this reissue explodes with the vitality and sense of purpose with which the show was presented. It's about as close as you'll get to feeling it without spending some hard time on the inside.
B00000JMOJ|5.0|as usaul this another great arnold movie. this movie is about a guy how is wrongly acusde of killing 1500 innocent people.so he have to go on a game show and the rules of the show are kill or be killed.as i siad before this is a good action movie.it may not be arnolds best but it is still petty good.if you like arnold and 80s action films go and get it.{and one other thing if you think this trying to duicate the richard bachman book it not. the sricpt writer steven e.desouza flet the book was to depressing to be a movie so he keeeped thr name but change everything else.by the way i never read the novel}.
B000050XEI|5.0|No long tedious review here; I'm reminded of a review of one of Enya's previous albums. &quot;I don't know if there is music in Heaven, but if there is, it must surely sound like Enya&quot;Enough said, the lady's done it again...
0780631684|5.0|If you think that this a anthoer old slaser filk think again.this movie is a about a guy who is go to prais whis his classmates.then he has a bad dream that thr plane explodes and everybody dies.he causes a painc so he and five other class mates incuding a thetcer get kick off the plane and soon after it tacks off it dose blowup.but then the night after the plane explowde one of the people who got off the plane dies and then alex start to think that they was supposed to dise on the plane so alex is the only who now fate desine and he and his frindes have cheat death again.if you like thes kind of movie with teenagers in you will like this movie garrented.
0380733358|5.0|I've read many spy books, but this one continues to be my favorite.  Henry Faber is a near-superman--he faces unbeatable odds and triumphs anyway (its a little bit like James Bond, but more believable.)  Follet manages to keep the reader in suspense until the very end of the books.  Other authors have tried to copy Follet's style, but none have succeeded.
B000050XEI|2.0|I was a real fan of Enya and Celtic/New Age music in general, but Enya needs to mature.  She needs to bring her voice down out of la-la land and sing in that rich lower register that is heard on some of the selections.  Otherwise it is the same old thing, but not as good.  Her themes don't seem as clear as earlier albums either.  Don't know what's going on exactly.  A shame.
0780624890|5.0|This movie was the best vampire movie since &quot;Dracula&quot;.  It had the action, and everything people crave in a movie.  Wesley Snipes delivered a Oscar Winning performance.  I love it so much I went and bought twenty copies, it has a lot of features, and good story line.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I'll make this brief 'cause I need sleep..... This DVD is so loaded with cool stuff that it's a must have. I mostly enjoyed the fact that I could insert the edited out scenes back into the movie where they belonged.<br />1) You got to see more about the relationship between Bobby (Iceman) and Rogue and<br />2) You got to see why 90% of Halle Berrie's speaking scenes were edited out (suffice it to say, they're inconsiquential).<br />If you love extra &quot;stuff,&quot; this is the one.
B00004ZAV3|2.0|I'm a BIG Beatles' fan but I really DON'T like this CD. If you own all the 13 cds + past masters + 3 anthology + ep and singles collections + free as a bird and real love I want to ask you one thing: why buy this cd only to read the (very fine) booklet? No 'please please me' in stereo; no 'from me to you' without harm intro (in past masters 1 there's 'love me do' 1st version with Ringo!). I think they could sell just the cover of this cd. NOT THE CD.
B00004YKUX|5.0|I love everything Johnny Cash does and this album was no different.  He has been my favorite since I was a teenager (45 years now) and once again I am proud to have this music in my collection.  Illness has not hampered his strong, expressive voice.  Before My Time and Country Trash exemplify his poetic/music skills.  The feelings and expression are there once again.  His collaberation with Merle Haggard on I'm Leavin' Now was a fun song and their expression was right on track. They always provide a strong expression of the music, and this was no different.  Mary of the Wild Moor put me in a trance.  A sad song, Cash put real feelings in the music, and took me to the scene.    <br />I am now listening to Would You Lay With Me In A Field Of Stone.  The Cash mystique is there once again.  This is probably the best song on the album.  <br />Johnny Cash has a way of expressing himself in music that has transfixed this country girl for most of her life.  I loved the album and can't wait for the next one to be released.
B000002ADT|5.0|In his autobiography, Miles lists Orson Welles as one of his main influences.  Is that why &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; has become to jazz what &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is to film--the most critically-acclaimed, most indispensable single example of an entire art form?  Actually, the main difference between this recording session and the previous one on Columbia, &quot;Round Midnight,&quot; is the presence of Bill Evans.  It's his intense, introspective, minimalist playing that is the key to the inspired, free improvisation brought to the recording by the other soloists--the spare melodic understatements of Miles, the restless, take-no-prisoners approach of Coltrane, the genial, gospel-inflected oratory of Cannonball.  And what sets the tone for the entire set is the opening solo statement by Paul Chambers--whose bouyant bass sound, perfectly consistent throughout the entire register of the instrument, provides the fathomless depth of an experience that simply can never get old.
0684800713|5.0|This is my favorite novel.  Best use of dialogue by any writer in any novel.  Circles, deja vu, and echos reverb throughout.  Characters reflect off one another.  First and last lines are flawless.  As is the rest of the text.  No sentence, or word goes to waste.  Unlike other masterpieces of fiction, even by Hemingway, not a moment in this novel is self indulgent.  The perfect modern work.  <br />Some things to consider:  Is Robert Cohn simply a fool?  Does he really behave as badly as one is led to believe?  Robert Cohn is one of the most misunderstood characters in all of fiction.  As flawed as he is, he is a noble character, the only character who undergoes transition throughout his time in the narrative.  His journey is crucial to the novel, in fact, as crucial as Jake's. Notice that he is missing from the last book.  <br />Brett is also a misunderstood character.  Does she love Jake?  Perhaps, in fact almost definately, but contrary to popular opinion, a case CAN be made that she doesn't.  Her relationship with Jake is one of the saddest in fiction.  When reading the end of the novel, note the deja vu Hemingway creates.  Remember Georgette the prostitute? Reread Jake's encounter with Georgette  earlier in the novel, after finishing TSAR.  Then think about how Brett herself can be linked to prostitution.  This might change your perception of the novels conclusion, though you will find it to be every bit as sad, if not more so.  <br />One reviewer here suggests the novel is about falling out of love.   THis is very possible.  Regardless of whether he still loves the idea of Brett that he had, Jake sees Brett very differently at the end of the novel.  Once again, I beleive Georgette is crucial to this reading of the novel.  There are many possible readings, but don't take things for granted when you read this book.  Especially that the way Jake portrays Brett and Cohn acurratly reflects who they are.  Remember, this is a first person narrator.  This is an extremmely complex book that demands rereadings.  Don't take for granted that the relationships and characters are as simple as you might be led to beleive.
0783235968|3.0|Kinsella's novel, &quot;Shoeless Joe,&quot; was archetypal in its quest theme, welding Ray's odyssey with that of  America's favorite literary hero, Holden Caulfield, as well as with the favorite sport of an idealized past.  In the novel, the game is elevated to theological status, and Kinsella's prose rises to evangelical fervor in praise of the redemptive powers of the game.  By comparison, the film is tepid, prosaic, and forced.  It's one thing to IMAGINE the heroes of yesteryear walking out of a cornfield to resume their sport, but quite another to see this event documented by a camera.  Far more successful is the film adaptation of Bernard Malamud's &quot;The Natural,&quot;  because the scriptwriters revise the novel's complexities of story, symbolism, and language into terms that are purely cinematic.
B00003CXE7|5.0|On the second disc, with the bonus material, go to the page with the theatrical trailers. There's a picture of Marcus Aurelius. Move your selection buttons around and you can highlight the eagle on Marcus' armor. Press play. I won't spoil it by saying what you'll find.
0385484518|1.0|I've realized that the reviews on Amazon are not totally reliable although I love to read them, because people are more likely to review a book they've loved than  one they've hated. So, I want to put in my two cents on this  overly sentimental and poorly written book to balance the scales.  This book made me cringe with embarrassment for the writer.  A friend who read it, returned it to the bookstore and demanded her money back, she found it so poorly written.  Reader's Digest articles share the author's philosophy but are usually better written and more original. I did manage to finish it (it's  mercifully short) as I kept hoping to find the magic that so many others seemed to find in it - but it wasn't there.
B00004TL2N|5.0|I bought this with some reservation. My opinion of Boulez as a clinical conductor altered when I bought some of his Mahler performances which have shaken much of the dust out of symphonies such as the 7th - and this Bruckner is superb. It is rather like Klemperer's structured view but faster than he would ever have conducted it. The orchestra is ideal and I look forward to more Boulez Bruckner revelations.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Superb, all round good film...based on a true situation that was so very typical of this era and time of mankind. Now and again, there was a slight graphical editing by the computing team, but that was a minor problem. Well worthy of my purchase. Very much look forward to seeing more of Russel Crowe and Ridley Scotts films in the future. The music score is awesome.
0553106635|5.0|In an era in which we find ourselves beseiged by lousy fantasy books from writers like Robert Jordan and Mark Anthony, George R.R. Martin help one to keep the faith.  A Storm of Swords has him masterfully juggling several intriguing threads, crossing some, keeping others separate.  Aside from his ability to write with skill and grace, Martin also has, and uses, the power to blindside the reader.  There were at least five instances in this book that make me say aloud, &quot;What?  You're kidding!&quot;   Martin takes chances and writes a book that isn't the same old territory recharted, with the same two-dimensional characters reacting predictably.  With the possible exception of Glen Cook's Black Company series, the Song of Fire and Ice Series is by far the best continuing saga currently being told.
B000001E3V|5.0|I stumbled across a copy D&amp;D In Concert in the cutout racks in the mid-'70's.  It soon became one of my favorites.  It was a rarity until it was released on CD in the '80's...a poor mastering job by Polydor still made me favor my old LP.  This set is noteworthy for the inclusion of additional tracks annd generally improved mastering, but my nod goes to the original for track selection.  Specifically, &quot;Why Does Love Got To Be So Sad?&quot; is far superior on the &quot;In Concert&quot; version.  A true fan would probably want both sets, but if I could only have one, I'd try to track down a copy of MFSL's now out of print &quot;In Concert&quot;.  Either way, these boys show off their versatility and produce a recording that only gets better with time.
B00003CWLF|5.0|In time, Anna and the King, will be the classic film that, &quot;The King and I&quot; has become.  Yun-Fat Chow and Jodie Foster could not have been more brilliant.  After Chow's performance in Anna and the King, I can't imagine him acting in anything less than Broadway.  Director Andy Tennant has done a brilliant job capturing the feel of the time and the majesty of Siam. The photography is breathtaking. I change you to see a film a more visually beautiful.  This film is for those who appreciate art.  This is a must buy for any collector of fine films.
B0000027D5|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums of all time...I bought the original 3 LP set in the '70's as a Japanese import.  It was probably worth it for the packaging alone (unfortunately not reproduced here) but the music was a true experience.  Featuring much the same line-up as the Mahavishnu era, including Michael Shrieve, this set is true jazz-rock fusion with a Latin twist.  It's worth it even if only for the version of &quot;Samba Pa Ti&quot; which includes bits of &quot;Breezin'&quot; (years before George Benson recorded it) and &quot;Never Can Say Goodbye&quot;.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|I've been a fan of Lenny Kravitz since the first time I saw the &quot;Let Love Rule&quot; video on Mtv, about ten years ago. Unlike some other greatest hits packages, where the artists pick THEIR favorite songs to put on the record, this album contains all of Lenny's well known releases. Personally, I added a few songs to the album when I transferred the cd to cassette(&quot;Does Anybody Out There Even Care&quot;,&quot;Flower Child&quot;, and &quot;Tunnel Vision&quot;), but I still can't complain about this albums content, because almost everything is here!     Lenny's versatility and variety are showcased very nicely. There are fast songs that rock, there are great slow songs, and a mix that falls right in between. I was especially pleased to see the song &quot;Believe&quot; on the album, because for me, it's Lenny's most inspirational song. The message of 'believe in yourself' can never be heard too often in this society, with it's constant emphasis on &quot;achieving and succeeding&quot; to prove one's self worth.  People vary, some apparently successful, some apparently unsuccessful, but at the core, we all need simple belief to carry on and grow in our everyday lives. That applies to CEO's and garbage men, and that's why I love the song.      Lenny Kravitz and his insistence on staying true to himself, regardless of what the critics had to say, is something that I greatly admire. In the beginning, he was often told to make his music &quot;blacker&quot;, or it would never sell. Now, ten years later, Lenny is still growing and proving that remaining faithfull to yourself is the way to go, despite what the 'critics' think. I'd recommend this album highly to those familiar, or unfamiliar with Lenny Kravitz, just for the passion, musicianship, and talent that's contained within this cd.
B00003CXDG|2.0|My family and I rented MI:2 on DVD this evening. Having seen the first movie and not been entirely impressed with it, my expectations weren't exceedingly high for the second. This was a stroke of fortune on my part because the movie was not very good. Though director John Woo did seem to have made it at least somewhat visually intriguing, no effort to spice up aesthetics could have made up for the lacking &quot;plot.&quot; The &quot;Plot&quot; consists of the following - Cliffs; sexy people falling into bed with eachother immediately after meeting; car chases around cliffs; dangerous viruses; girls in sexy dresses; violent acts involving fingers; mucho MI-style mask-action; motercycles; blowing up a few things here and there; helicopters; a jealous villian; and some matrix-wannebe fighting action. In no particular order. The rest of the movie is just an attempt to link the previously listed. Oh, and don't be fooled into thinking this movie co-stars Anthony Hopkins! His appearances in it are rare, at the the most. If anything, this movie is capable of making a person respect the first one more. I guess it wasn't so bad after all.
0152023984|5.0|This book is a small jewel of this century's literature. It is so atypical, so abstract at times. The plot is irrelevant, what matters are the apparently simple but very deep mini-lessons in the philosophy of life. I would say, the wise, simple and smart philosophy of life.  It is rather sad in some parts, but Saint-Exupery's writing retains control all the time, keeping a strict and careful balance between tenderness and irony. The story is simple: a pilot is forced to land in the middle of the Sahara, as his plane has a malfunction. As the guy is desperately trying to fix it, anguished at the possibility of not being able to do it and then be lost in the desert, a small prince comes along. A prince? Just like that, a European prince who then tells the story of his life, of his wanderings in planet after planet. You are then in the presence of one exotic piece of the &quot;literature of the absurd&quot;. And the magic works out, for no reader ever forgets the character and the lessons he teaches without being conscious of it.
B000050XEI|5.0|ENYA is in a league of her own. A DAY WITHOUT RAIN stirs the soul  as few musical accomplishments can. Put on her CD, wear headphones, and you'll be transported to heaven. There is no other way to say it.     Since ENYA puts out a new CD only every few years, fans will absolutely enjoy a CD from an unknown but superb ENYA-like artist: Caroline Peyton. SHe has one CD, &quot;Celtic Christmas Spirit&quot; (greenhillmusic.com)and her voice and layered harmonies are hauntingly beautiful. The songs are unfamiliar yet gorgeous.
0448060191|3.0|I read this book when I was a young boy, as well as the other three books of the series. It looked to me then that it was a girlie book, but I still enjoyed it very much. I think I read it twice. Although the story is very sentimental and it has many morals, it is an extraordinary portrait of life in Northeast US during and after the Civil War. It was still very much a protestant, puritanical society, starting to modernize but still very provincial.  The characters are well-rounded, alive and real, and the stories are amusing. It has no specific plot. It is the story of the March family, and it starts when the father is away, fighting on the North's side. The Marches are a respectable and educated family, but they're not wealthy, so the book depicts the troubles and efforts of the four girls, their little successes and disappointments. If you like the first part, you will also like the other three novels, although this is the best.
B00004Y7SF|4.0|I've only listened to one of her songs (the christmas song)..., and I already Luv it. I didnt need to listen to all the songs to find out if this cd was good. Although The backround Music Can be a little bit Snooze and Crooze.. at times its still another Hit by Christina.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Outstanding film but had a bit of trouble accessing the DTS sound-my equipment is working fine and is fully compatible... Dolby 5.1 is spectacular-If anyone had trouble with their DTS sound on Gladiator, please drop me an email at  nyyk147@yahoo.com
B00004X01U|5.0|I'm a big Madonna fan, but I'll admit this CD does have some flaws. Namely the breaks in the arrangements on &quot;Don't Tell Me,&quot; which disrupt a beautiful song. Also, the computer voice on &quot;Paradise (Not for Me.)&quot; With &quot;Nobody's Perfect,&quot; which is really slow to begin with, the large distortion only enhances the annoyance. Many of the lyrics are just aiming to fit with the dance music. The producer Mirwais is trying to do too much. All the non-Mirwais produced songs just let Madonna be Madonna. But the CD ultimately succeeds in the aim to entertain, and therefore I gave it five stars. Faster songs, especially &quot;Music,&quot; are very danceable. &quot;Gone,&quot; &quot;Don't Tell Me,&quot; and &quot;I Deserve It&quot; are three of Madonna's best ballads. &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; will not appeal to many non-techno fans, but the more I listened to it, the more I thought it was the perfect techno-pop song. Expect it to be one of those challenging dance songs. &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl,&quot; &quot;Music,&quot; and &quot;Amazing&quot; also will go down as among Madonna's greats. Can't wait to see what Madonna will do next.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is a worthy successor to the great sword and sandal films of the past.  With a classic story, great acting, spectacular cinematography, and an incredible score, Gladiator is a true epic in every sense of the word.  Russel Crowe's and Joaquin Phoenix' performances are exceptional, and you find yourself despising Commodus(Phoenix) and actually cheering for Maximus(Crowe).  <br />It is hard to watch the film and not be moved by the story, which at some points can drag, but is more than made up for by stunning batte and single combat scenes.  The larger political story gives flesh to the main arc of the film--vengance.  The film is fairly accurrate in its portrayal of the Roman gladiators, and the characters of Marcus Aurelius and Commodus are based on real emperors.<br />The DVD version which I am specifically writing about is excellent.  The chapter segmentations are done very well and you are able to skip to every major scene without any fast forwarding.  The bonus CD has many nice features, including all the trailers, cut footage, and a history of the gladiator games.<br />All in all, this is the best movie of the year, and if you are going to buy it, I highly suggest the DVD version, and if you don't have a DVD player, buy one to see this film...truly an instant classic.
0446608955|5.0|I loved it! This was one of the first books I read by N. Sparks and I like the way he writes. The book had a great mix of comedy and romanace.
0800179501|5.0|&quot;The Karate Kid&quot; is wonderfully inspirational movie about a boy who is put in a very difficult situation.  That situation is being put in a new school during high school thousands of miles away from all his friends.  The situation worsens as he becomes the target of a bully gang at school.  Anyone who has gone through being the victim of bullies will love this movie, because it shows a boy overcoming the odds and learning to defend himself with the help of a very unlikely friend.  This movie is about so much more than Karate.  It's about learning to cope with life when you are delt a horrible hand.  It's about learning how to make the most out of what you have and never giving up.<br />I recommend this movie to everyone.  I can't see how anyone could finish this movie without a feeling of inspiration.  Wonderful!!  That's all I can say.
B00004ZD69|5.0|This is another great release from GYBE. Two solid CD's of deliberate music. While this release, too, includes some recorded voice overs, they aren't tiresome like the fanatical diatribes found on the first two releases. Those parts are sometimes painful to endure! But listen now and enjoy without fear of some blathering freak interupting your fun!
B00003CWL6|5.0|This movie is wonderful in that it so simply states what it is.  It is a movie about what is beautiful in the world.  It is a bit bizarre, but the theme is wonderfully put on screen.<br />It is fascinating to see what this movies describes as beautiful.  It takes everyday things that most people take for granted and shows what is so beautiful about them.  It takes things that most would consider ugly and explains it's beauty.<br />Very interesting and Kevin Spacey is wonderful.  I definitely recommend this movie.
B00003CXFG|5.0|This IS my favorite movie. The visual effects are absolutely beautiful, and even if you're not into sci-fi the photography will blow you away. Vin Diesel is incredibly hot as this character, and this is a truly frightening scary movie. If you get scared of things in the dark -- you will have nightmares.<br />I saw it twice in the theatres, and I'm not even a real movie goer. The fact that no one seems to know what this movie is really irritates me because the quality is up there with the best ones ever made. The sound effects are wonderful- top notch stuff, and if you have a sound system you owe it to yourself to get this.
B00003CX5P|3.0|I can't honestly say this was the worst movie of all time, but I truly was dissapointed with it. I'm sure everyone's tired of hearing about how bad the JarJar Binks character was, but on the other hand, maybe George will ditch him for something less marketable and more personable in the next two movies. Also dissapointing was the overabundance of CG animation. No matter how impressive computers are nowadays, it's still incredibley hard to fool the human eye, and Mr. Lucas actually did a better job scavenging battleship models and using puppets to create his special effects in the first trilogy. This movie wasn't a total loss however. The droids remained unchanged, and Natalie Portman and Ewan McGregor are well on their way to making memorable characters. With a little work, they might become a little more identifiable as heroes.
B000007SPT|5.0|IT'LL END IN TEARS is the first album of This Mortal Coil, a loose collective gathered by 4AD record-label head Ivo-Watts Russell. It's twelve tracks come together to form the epitome of the &quot;4AD sound&quot; that characterized the label up until the mid-90s.<br />The amount of talent in this release is captivating. The cover of Tim Buckley's &quot;Song to the Siren&quot; is performed by Liz Fraser (voice) and Robin Guthrie (guitar) of Cocteau Twins, and Liz's divine voice fits the song perfectly. Liz Fraser provides the vocals also for the sweet &quot;Another Day.&quot; &quot;Barramundi&quot; is a piece by Cocteau Twin's bassist Simon Raymonde, and its dark brooding nature creates a truly Gothic soundscape. &quot;Dreams Made Flesh&quot; and &quot;Waves Become Wings&quot; feature Lisa Gerrard and Brendan Perry of Dead Can Dance in two beautiful early efforts.<br />Just as crucial to the loveliness of the music is the excellent design by 23 Envelope (now v23), 4AD's in-house design team led by the magisterial Vaughan Oliver. The photography and layout of the album is truly beautiful.<br />Granted, there are a few tracks on this album which do not live up to the heartbreaking sweep of the others, &quot;Kangaroo&quot; is rather dull, but IT'LL END IN TEARS captures an era, a record label, and collaborative genius wonderfully.
B00003CXDF|5.0|This is an excellent movie. If you love Tom Cruise, John Woo films, Dougray Scott, or just love action movies. Then this is the movie for you!
B000050XEI|1.0|After the excellent THE MEMORY OF TREES, I was hoping the five-year wait before the next Enya album would result in fresh, vibrant material. Regrettably, A DAY WITHOUT RAIN is a truly disappointing release.<br />THE MEMORY OF TREES had right-on-the-mark product and mixing, but A DAY WITHOUT RAIN's quiet and low production makes the album sound flat and one has to strain to pick up song elements.<br />Enya and Roma Ryan apparently have reached the end of the line as far as their songwriting talents go. This latest album is but a repackaging of the same elements they have always used. There's the opening New-Agey track (&quot;A Day Without Rain&quot;), the inevitable dark and brooding Latin song that doesn't say much (&quot;Tempus Vernum&quot;), the token Irish-language song (&quot;Deora Ar Mo Chroi&quot;), and so on. There's really nothing new here, and along with the awful prodction this album is a ill-conceived mess.<br />Die-hard Enya fans will probably buy this anyway, but for those who haven't heard Enya before, I would steer you towards THE MEMORY OF TREES or SHEPHERD MOONS. It's a shame that five years of waiting resulted in a product (and this is truly a cookie-cutter commercial *product*) that has let me down so much.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I can understand some picking at this title as though it was Aunt Janine's twenty-year-old fruitcake recipe; I can even understand some confusion on the meanings behind the songs, and possibly even the 'well, yes, but it IS the same old stuff' speal.  But I can say that, without doubt, this album is designed to make you feel...pure and simple.  And it delivers...yes, it's like their previous albums.  And yes, it has a few elements that remain untouched from the original 1990 release of MCMXC a.D.  But it IS a genre, folks...and it is a beautiful example of the genre.  Think of it as 'mind-message'...especially The Gravity Of Love.  Full of feeling, purpose and destination.  And there you have it--it's the vibes, folks...the honest-to-goodness way it makes you feel.
B00000490M|5.0|What are they guys at AFI thinking?  I think the inmates have taken over the asylum there.  THE KARATE KID, by John Avildson and Mark Kamen, is probably on my TOP 10 Greatest Films of All Time.  And no, Citizen Kane, is not on there.<br />    People, please listen up:  Don't let ANYONE think for you.  No one on this planet is smarter than you.  If someone tells you that &quot;Fargo&quot; is a better movie, let them.  If they tell you to shut up, then karate kick em or sue em.  I don't want to see this generation growing up thinking a lousy, miserable film like 'Fargo' is any better than 'The Karate Kid'.  The committee on the AFI are composed of mainly one tribe.  This tribe is like 'Big Brother'.  They're extremely intolerant of any viewpoints outside of their sphere of thinking and will literally die before being told they're wrong.  They're evil, pure and simple.  <br />'The Karate Kid' is a masterpiece and I give kudos to the filmmakers, I give a holler to Frank Price, who greenlit this movie at Colombia, and I give a special thanks to everyone on this message board.  REMEMBER THE COURAGE THAT DANIEL SHOWED.  Today's Kobra-Kai's come as snakes in sheep's clothing.  Be very, very careful of them. AND ALWAYS KEEP YOUR GUARD UP.  They're infiltrating every facet of our society, slowly and deliberately.  I've never felt such an unhealthy and creepy feeling than when I'm near them.  KEEP YOUR FAITH ALIVE AND DON'T GIVE INTO THEM. THANK YOU!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|When I first popped 'My Kind of Christmas' into my cd player, I was instantly amazed at how her vocals were, this girl can blow! On Christmas Time, she mixes pop and r&amp;b with a little Christmas tune into the song which will mark her first single off of the album. The exact same thing could be said for 'This Year'. People get dissapointed when they say the CD isn't 'Christmasy' enough but if you actually READ the album title, 'My Kind Of Christmas', you'd realize that she doesn't want to make this album like any other. On the whole album she mixes pop, r&amp;b, soul, blues, and pop which shows she can make her voice versital. I recommend this album to anyone who wants to listen to Christmas music and pop/r&amp;b. This album is an excellent Christmas gift.
B00003CX8J|3.0|I love this film genre and I was really looking forward to this movie. So I'm sad to say that our 16-year old Princess proves my point... X-men is a great movie for viewers under 25, or for older viewers who enjoy poor costuming, plot, editing, and casting.  <br />The costuming is trite and doesn't measure up even to the level of Saturday cartoons.  The plot line was tiresome to say the least, with multiple set ups to introduce the characters.  Plleese folks, edit the thing again to tighten it up.  Not even the gifted actors, Ian Mckellen and Patrick Stewart, could make this movie anything more than a cardboard cut out of a great comic book series.  <br />One has to feel sorry for poor Tyler Mane, Sabertooth and Anna Paquin,Rogue.  At least Ray Park, Toad, and Rebecca Romijn-Stamos, Mystique, were able to do a little acting and have some fun at the same time. Mr. Mane's only challenge was to look mean and roar occasionally and Ms. Paquin's was only allowed to look timid or frightened.<br />No, I didn't like the movie, but so what.  I give it 3 stars, cause it's a good family film which can be enjoyed by a range of ages. However, If you want a little more intellectual or fun fare, get Blade Runner or Bat Man. Everybody will love them and you parents will watch them again and again.
0399146253|1.0|It's really sad when an avid reader and fan of this genre and especiallly Ms. Cornwell's novels has absolutely nothing positive to say about her latest endeavor entitled &quot;The Last Precinct&quot;, but certainly this is the case here. This book would have been much better if she never wrote it. For her fans, this book offers no thrills, chills or even exciting prose and for her new readers, well- I'm sure they were totally lost what with all the flashbacks and inferences about other people, places and events.  In short, it almost seems like she had to reach a deadline and wrote the first thing that came to her mind; or worse- she couldn't come up with another really great book and so she decided to take us &quot;inside the mind of Kay Scarpetta&quot; to see how it really functions. This book is not only disappointing and a waste of time and money but it goes to illustrate how someone who puts out books with the apparent ease of Cornwell and on a yearly basis can also get &quot;writers block&quot;. <br />I will give her one more chance following this dismal read...but after that..she'll have to go inside MY mind to find out what her true mystery fans are once more yearning for. P. Ifshin Syosset, N.Y.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Yes, this movie is long, and yes, it can be boring.  Of course, that depends on what you find boring.  I loved the entire movie, and wouldn't change anything.  Many people hate this movie, and that is because it is complicated with no direct plot, though there are plenty of surprises.  The movie never tells you exactly what it is about, you decide that for yourself.  This is the type of thing you watch with friends, then discuss it afterwords.<br />If you watch this movie, you will either hate it or love it.  Do yourself a favor, watch it.  Maybe you'll feel like you wasted three hours of your life.  Maybe you'll love it and watch it again and again (each time I see it, it's like seeing it for the first time).  You'll probably find yourself asking people if they've seen it, and you'll ask them what they thought about certain scenes.  I did.  Just take a chance and watch the film.
B000002HGD|3.0|I enjoy the music on this CD.  There is something for nearly every type of taste in this genre.   I have mixed emotions about the text.  I support Moby in his act of taking a stance on issues important to him, and at the same time, it strikes me as anemic griping.  I assume a man of his character is actually contributing in some way to the causes in which he believes, and I would be interested in reading about that, also.  Moby does some very interesting arrangements on this CD.  The first and last tracks segue well, so, in one respect, the CD can be endless. Matthew Cooke has already perceptively noted the deliberate ordering of the songs. Most of the music is of the dancehall variety.  There are two heavier numbers.  ATINITBL, in retrospect, is a prelude to ANIMAL RIGHTS which very, very few pundits anticipated -- I like surprises :D.  The second heavyweight, WHAT LOVE, is a variation on an unsecured blues/folk number titled I'M GOING DOWN THAT ROAD.  It was written and performed in 1940 by the great Woody Gutherie (1912-67) for the film version of Steinbeck's (1902-68) Pulitzer prize winning novel THE GRAPES of WRATH.  I relate to the more ambient textures on the CD.  I feel a peaceful wave wash over me as I drift away.  The first cut, HYMN and GMOTFOTW express arpegiated figures played on an electronic keyboard with slowly developing synthesiser melodies.  A bit hackneyed, however, completely effectual to illicit the desired mood.  A surrealistic vocal treatment arises from an uncredited chanteuse on FCH and ANTHEM in a style popularised by Michael Cretu.  I enjoy the collaboration with Mimi Goese on ITB and WICILTD, in fact, these are my favourite pieces.  I can listen to these endlessly, achieving an hypnotic trance-like state.  &quot;I fly into the blue / high and wide open / reaching forever / I fly into the blue&quot;  If you are interested in a wide variety of influences from frenetic to fantastic, or if you are intereted in Moby, this album will interestyou.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I like many other young people bought the cd after hearing her voice on the &quot;stan&quot; song on eminem and was immediately transfixed by her voice. I am very versatile when it comes to music listening to all genre's from hip hop to altenative and when the day is done i enjoy listening to good music. That being said it is one of the best Cd's i have bought this year. I look forward to listenig to it everyday and have to make myself take it out of the cd player so don't I burn myself out on it though i doubt this will happen. Every song is good from begining to end. It is truly a cd you can put in and just let it ride with out having to skip songs. Buy this cd today i promise you won't be dissappointed.
6302641888|5.0|This is one of Bergman's greatest.  The beautiful black and white photography...the beautiful Liv Ullmann and Bibi Andersson, their personalities, minds, and bodies, melting into one...what does it all mean?  PERSONA is full of mysterious questions and no answers.  It is never boring, and each time seeing it is a new and exciting experience filled with wonderful, haunting images and moments.  The jarring opening sequence with the little boy...the powerful, erotic monologue...the dream sequence, one of the most famous images in movie history, of the two women embracing...Alma's speech, repeated twice, followed by the merging of the two women's faces...the husband making love to the wrong wife...and most ironically, the moment when Elizabeth, who has not spoken for the entire film, finally utters a single word: &quot;Nothing.&quot;
6305627401|5.0|I like this movie. It has a good story. The songs in this movie are good. It is the only movie that I can stand to watch over and over again.
0553106635|5.0|There's too many reviews as it is so I'll keep it short.  Basically, yes this is the best of the series so far.  And the series is perhaps better than any other fantasy I've read.  Such a thick and tasty plot...the only problem you might have with this book is the delicious bitterness of seeing the &quot;bad guys&quot; win a bit too often for comfort.  The raw power of this series is staggering.  The real problem with this book is the hunger for more once you get to the end.
6305750750|1.0|...&quot;Get a life.&quot;<br />Some people have said that the tedious nature, trite dialogue and  wooden characterizations can be forgiven because this is merely 1/6th of the entire Saga.  My friends, I prefer to think of it as two hours of my life that I can never get back. Whether it was 1/8th, 2/15ths or 100% of a story is not important.. what's imprtant was this movie did not reflect ANY of the BASIC elements necessary to create an effective, moving story.  Yes, the choreography was beautiful; yes, the music was good, but I can go to the ballet for that.  TPM did not *move* me.  Its characters did not touch me (except for Darth Maul who sadly was killed at the end; and Anakin's mom who we will probably never see again); its words were so hoary I had to dust myself off every so often; its plot was paper thin as to have deceived one into thinking Roger Corman had his hand in its production.<br />My friends, this is not about the next two movies, or how TPM fits in with the original three..  this is about how TPM stand by itself as a movie, as a story.<br />It does not stand.  It sits there and dares you to be entertained.<br />I for one turned down the dare.
0385495323|4.0|The Code Book is a wonderful, high level introduction to cryptography, and to some of the women and men who have played a role in code making and breaking throughout history.  It is worth reading just for the surprises and human elements that will please almost any reader.<br />It did disappoint me in one way.  Singh's assertion, made in the final chapter, that quantum cryptography is absolutely unbreakable jarred my estimation of him.  That statement, from a man of science who is well aware of the fate that scientific dogma has met throughout history, was an unfortunate way to end this wonderful book.
B000009QPO|5.0|With this CD, The Jayhawks have created a quietly intense masterpiece.  Blending elements of country, folk, roots rock and soul, many of these tunes manage to be mellow AND rocking at the same time.  After one listen, you'll likely be humming them for days afterwards.  Gary Louris and Marc Olsen's distinctive sweet-n-sour Everly Brothers-like harmonies are right up front on tasty tracks like \\"Waiting For The Sun,\\" \\"Sister Cry,\\" \\"Settled Down Like Rain\\" and \\"Clouds,\\" showing a surprising adeptness at making melancholia sound downright joyful at times.      Fans of classic artists like Neil Young, The Byrds and The Flying Burrito Brothers shouldn't miss this one.
B000002UAU|5.0|It is remarkable that this album can still garner raves nearly 35 years after it was initially released.  But the fact is, there has still never been another recording like it. &quot;Sgt Peppers&quot; changed everything.  There is nothing more that I can write about it that has not already been written.  But I'll try . . <br />They start it off with a bang with the title track, then soon your melting in the trippy lyrics and melodies of &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds&quot;.  &quot;Getting Better/Fixing a Hole/She's Leaving Home&quot; fill up the body before Harrison pulls out his sitar and tabla for &quot;Within You Without You.&quot;  After that Subcontinent tune, &quot;When I'm Sixty four&quot; brings you back to Earth with some old school Beatles.  &quot;Lovely Rita&quot; just brings your mood up, while &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; is a song that had never before and has never since been matched.<br />To conclude, this is just a groundbreaking CD.  Spend some time with it.
B00004T9UH|5.0|This cd rocks! Eminem raps his feeling, disses everyone you can think of, and has some cool guests like Dido, D-12, Dr.Dre, Snoop Dog, Nate Dog, and X- Zibit. He has some rad tracks, and if you're mom doesn't want you to listen to swears, there are hardly any swears! THIS CD ROCKS!
B00003CX5A|5.0|This is the absolute best movie in the entire world!  Johnny Depp is one of my favorite actors(along with Ewan Mcgregor) The stunts are pure Nick Gillard (Star Wars) The whole movie is pure Tim Burton. My family just got a DVD player and sound system and this was the first DVD we got! Not a day goes by when I don't watch this movie. The only problem is Christina Ricci! She looks like she's 12 or 13! Hello! Johnny is perfect for the part of Ichabod! He is SO funny! I almost died laughing when he fainted at the end! Get this DVD! You will not be disappointed!
0694003611|5.0|I read this book to my 2 year old son everynight and he loves it.  My son loves the bright colors and the different items in the room that we find together like the mouse and the socks and the telephone.  We both find confort in this story before we go to sleep.
B00004XONN|1.0|If this were an album put out by any band not named Radiohead it wouldn't sell 10,000 copies, and rightfully so.  I'll give the boys credit for not playing it safe but this album just flat misses the mark.  Please note--&quot;different&quot; does not mean &quot;genius&quot;.  This album will grow worse with age, not better.
B00004WKII|5.0|This 4 Disc set is a real treasure trove for any Hendrix fan. First off: The package is extraordinary; A purple VELVET Box, and a 80 page booklet filled to the brim with wonderful photo's, and extremely detailed notes for each of the 56 tracks. I own almost everything ever released on disc (including the Allen Douglas stuff) and some of the high points on this new box are as follows: &quot;Third Stone From The Sun&quot;, for it's hilarious spoken intro by Jimi and Chas Chandler. &quot;Burning the Midnight Lamp&quot; on disc one; a wonderful look into the creation of a masterpiece. &quot;Little Wing&quot; (take one) on disc two, the best instrumental version I've ever heard. &quot;Bold As Love&quot;, on disc two is amazing. &quot;Room Full Of Mirrors&quot; on disc two is a real treat; much slower than the known version. &quot;It's too Bad&quot;, a song I've never heard before...Jimi at his best. &quot;Hear My Train Comin'&quot;, one of the best versions ever. &quot;Country Blues&quot;, may be the best song on the whole set. This song is vintage Hendrix blues. The guitar work on this song is mind boggling. If you bought all the &quot;now out of print&quot; releases, you already have some of these songs, but that said; you need this collection. There is just too many jems here to be passed up. One other little thing I would like to mention here: if you look in the booklet on page's 56-57, you'll see a photo of Jimi playing a Les Paul Custom SG; what makes this photo so noteworthy, is Jimi's hand on the neck of the guitar. It's as if this were a toy guitar in his hands. That &quot;hand&quot; was a huge part of what separated Jimi from everyone. If you love Jimi Hendrix, this box set will sure to please. A wonderful look into a legend, and a welcome addition to any Hendrix collection.
B000002ADT|5.0|When you put Cannonball Adderly, John Coltrane, and Miles Davis together on one CD and give them some blues tunes to play, this is what happens.  So What is on practically every Davis collection ever made, and rightly so.  Every jazz fan knows this CD is the bomb and will be for decades to come.  Every non-jazz fan should by this CD first.  Put it on repeat.  Take notes.  You won't get tired of it for months.
068818071X|5.0|Rachel's Holiday is a delightful book.  Marion Keyes has done it again.  It's the perfect choice if you are looking for some quality light reading.  I see on these pages, everyone mentions which of her books is their favorite.  Well, Rachel's Holiday is mine.  While Watermelon and Lucy Sullivan were definitely great and funny, in my opinion, Rachel's Holiday is a cut above.  We still get the same chatty, humorous tone that makes all of Keyes'  novels such a pleasure to read, but this story is a little different a little more daring.  Keyes has added the complication of addiction on the girl meets boy, girl loses boy, girl gets that boy or another boy story.  Rachel narrates this story with much humor and we see her grow as a person.  When we first meet her, she is about to be admitted to the Cloisters, a sort of Betty Ford Clinic in Ireland.  She is in denial.  She had me fooled.  For the first part of the book, she is pretty shallow and definitely mired in her denial, but she grows as a person through her therapy and her friendships with other recovering addicts and finally admits to her addiction and ultimately beats it.  In the background is her life in New York that got her in The Cloisters in the first place, and Luke, the hunky Irishman who finally could take no more of her antics.  (It wouldn't be a Marion Keyes novel without a perfect hunky guy).  Be prepared.  This novel has a standard story book happy ending that I felt was just a tad too much.  But it's a funny book with charming characters (you can't even dislike Rachel).  You'll find yourself sneaking away for a quick fix of this wonderful, funny, breezy novel.  Enjoy!
0345347951|5.0|This book has a very interesting point of view concerning telepathy and our, and other species' place and purpose in this universe. It portrays the changes occuring in the human attitude towards the aliens from the moment they got here to the point the human race (in its present form) is diminished.<br />The only point that slightly disturbed me is the fact the aliens were given a better set of morals - but human morals after all. That seemed a little unnatural to me in a race so different than our own. Personally, I would expect their morals to be different (if they have morals at all, that is) - but simply different, not considered as better / worse than our own.
B00003CXDG|4.0|I read some other reviews and seen a comparison to the James Bond 007 movies, which turned on a light bulb in my head. I have not seen the original MI series and I assume the first MI movie in 1996 was close to in story. I am a huge fan of the James Bond films, to which they are my kind of style and liking. As you see the second film in the MI series, MI2 follows more of a James Bond storyline, rather than the original MI movie. I am a fan of John Woo and really like a movie he produced in 1997 called &quot;The Replacement Killers&quot; to which MI2 has a similar style. <br />The only reason I like this movie so much is because of the James Bond type action, the awesome music and special effects. I liked the slow motion action also.<br />The aspects that turned me off were the fake over the top action scenes, like the spinning cars, the sportbike scene from the on road chase to the off road chase, the fake wheelies in the dirt and the fake joust scene.
B00003CXE7|1.0|I did not buy this from Amazon.com but I must say that this DVD is defective. I have already gone through 2 of them and they have severe video problems. It wasn't my DVD players fault. I wouldn't suggest buying this until they recall them and fix them.
B00000IAU3|5.0|OK, the first time I ever heard the song &quot;Here With Me,&quot; I was in love.  It was on the new show &quot;Roswell&quot; and played during the opening credits. I loved it, but had no idea who sang it.  Soon after I began hearing it on my favorite radio station and found out it was someone named Dido.  I immediately bought the CD from Amazon and it is amazing!  Every single song makes my heart squeeze and takes my breath away.  The lyrics are incredible as is the music.  It is the best CD I have ever heard and I love every song.  The words are so beautiful and it's just indescribable how great this CD is.  I also haven't tired of any of the songs which is highly unusual for me.  Definately buy it!
B000009DUY|5.0|So often, movies that have as much action as Saving Private Ryan rely on scores that hit you over the head with their crashing symbols and screaming horns. Not so with this soundtrack. Williams has found the perfect balance between being sad and uplifting - it reflects the power of the human spirit as well as any image from the movie. He is a composer at the height of his skill, as reflected in Schindler's List and this movie. Listening to this soundtrack, the music followed me around for days, and now I often watch the movie not so much to see it, but to hear it. Williams quite simply is the best at what he does, and Saving Private Ryan is another jewel in his crown.
0440178002|5.0|This is a story of a group of English and Dutch sailors reaching Japantowards the end of the 15th or 16th century, when only Spanish or Portugese had been there before. Not only does the book portray the religious tensions between the Catholics and protestants, but it does manage to give us the Japanese characters' point of view on things, and their special way of thinking. One of its strengths is its very tolerant point of view towards what might seem strange beliefs and behaviors at first by showing us how John Blackthorne becomes a &quot;true&quot; Japanese, especially when we compare him to his friends who remain disgusted at them, while still holding on to his stronger Christian values.
B00003CX8I|1.0|Plot confusing, stale,can't see where they spent the money. Cast of unknowns, no excitement, just a lot of bally-hoo by the producers. Didn't even deserve to be released. Lighting is so terrible that alone will give you a headache if the plot doesn't.Terrible casting. James Marsden simply dreadful. Don't waste your time on this piece of junk!
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is easily the best movie of the year. Its awsome.
B00004X0Q0|5.0|Layered and deeply textured cords, with undeniably hardcore stylings ATDI has more to offer than Rage in many musical areas. The melody is better woven into the tracks as with Rage Morello is the one man wrecking cew who has to carry that load all by himself. The lyrics are skewed and hard to decipher. I do prefer ATDI his intensity is more spread out than De La Rocha's end of track scream fest. ATDI is still hardcore despite the melodic undertones. Hardcores future is dangling right with no mainstream band leading the way, I hope it stays that way, and we keep ATDI sound through out the the 21st century. Tracks #1, #3, and #10 will impress upon you the intensity and musical prowless of ATDI.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|Great special effects, and great acting. Matthew McConaughey gave a very moving performance, and his best since 'A Time To Kill'. His character went from an officer with a chip on his shoulder because he didn't get a promotion, to proving himself most capable to command a sub during a crisis. Every detail might not be exactly as it was in the real war, but it was very entertaining and I recommend it. So what, if Britian captured the  coding machine more times than Americans. I believe they were on our side!!  All that mattered was that it was captured for the allies.   GREAT MOVIE!
B00003CXC6|5.0|The film will make you contemplate the perspective of others as they recount events, as much as the words they use to retell their tales.  Desire &amp; fear contribute signigicant influence over the retelling of events in our lives, and better than any other, this film exposes and contemplates the issues surrounding &quot;the truth.&quot;
0393312836|5.0|When this novel opens, Alex, a fifteen year old droog, is wandering the streets with his small gang of friends searching for crimes to commit.  Apparently this is a nightly routine in which they bloodily attack any number of random victims, sometimes with no hope for gain at all.  He is eventually caught and brought to prison, where he remains for several years.  The state later decides to reform him using an experimental technique.      Anthony Bugess' A Clockwork Orange challanges our fundamental beliefs regarding good and evil, right and wrong.  This novel asks whether those human beings who are inherently malicious (meaning our protagonist, Alex) can be forcibly molded into upstanding citizens.  The answer is, of couse, no.  The only means of doing this leave the victim bereft of the basic human right choice.  Robbing one of his free will changes him from man to machine.  It is far worse to be a law abiding machine than an evil human, because the evil human still has the option of voluntary reform (as seen in the 21st chapter which is, in my opinion, absolutely necessary).
630438551X|5.0|This is brilliant! it nearlly always sticks to the actuall play, apart from the ending which is compleatly different! (well at least the still die in the film) those who dont like it because it is too difficult should gain a better understanding of Shakespear then they would appritiate how wonderfull and brilliant it is! the way they alter things int the play to apply to modern life is brilliant! <br />a must for anyone!
B000051VWW|5.0|It is good to have Sade back doing what she does best.  Writing some of the best songs.  This CD is incredible from beginning to end.  I think most people are use to Sade having very lush and grooving tracks instrumentally.  I think this time around she decided to just let her thoughts and ideas speak throught the lyrics and with the music as more of background.  Fantastic.  I will say there is one song that sums up this new CD and makes it one of the best for 2000.  &quot;LOVERS ROCK&quot;.  Listen to this song and tell me otherwise.  Way to Go Sade.
0553573403|5.0|This is bar far and away the best fantasy I've read in a long time.  It surpases Jordan at his best and leaves Wheel of Time in the dust.  For people who think that Jordan is dark fantasy, think again and read Martin.  George Martin writes of a dark world losely based on medieval Europe during the War of the Roses with a small dose of the fantastic and magic thrown in.  He books have no clear protagonist or antagonist as he prefers to paint his characters in shades of gray. Martin also pulls no punches when it comes to the stark realities of midieval combat and the life expectancy of royalty amid a den of vipers plotting their downfall.  The books are gripping, impossible to put down and just get better as the series continues. If you like epic fantasy at all with a leaning towards dark reality (instead of &quot;all is good&quot; Eddings type stories), then I couldn't recommend Martin's Songs of Fire and Ice any higher.
6305897786|1.0|This movie has all the feel and cinematography of a &quot;B&quot; movie. The acting is awful. The story line is rediculous!<br />The character played by Johnny Depp is a rare book dealer of questionable morals. He is hired by Frank Langella's character -- he owns a rare book called &quot;The Nineth Gate&quot; which was supposedly written in union with the devil. Read through properly this book is supposed to summon the devil himself. He wants Johnny Depp's character to find the other three books remaining in existence. Through the entire movie you see him searching for the books, dead people are left in his wake TEDious I hope to save you from wasting your time and money!
0060930349|4.0|I am struck by the fact that so many reviewers of this book are Americans.  And that so many of you find this book, for the most part, to be commendable and to be rated highly.  However, this reviewer, a Canadian, came to this book knowing lots of 'snippets' of American history, but really wanting to get a grasp, for the first time, of the totality of American history.  I can't say I came away completely disappointed, for Johnson has researched prodigiously, and the sweep of this work is, to my mind, amazing.  I would concur with many of the reviewers that this work deserves a place as a good starting point for those, like me, who would like a good, general introductory study.<br />Having said that, I have to note that I completely gave up reading the book halfway through Part 8, related to the Kennedy years and beyond.  I felt that Johnson had suddenly decided to cast away any pretence of objectivity and balance, to slur and demean some political or social leaders he didn't approve of, and glorify others, with scant acknowledgement of faults or even, of serious Presidential crimes, that we are all too familiar with.  That last chapter really disturbed me, and it makes me want to caution others that Johnson really makes his biases and outright distortions so evident as to make me wonder about the rest of the work, which I may have naively accepted as well-grounded and intelligent opinion.  Hence my ambiguous rating of this book.<br />In conclusion, read up to Part 8, and then put the book down and be done with it.  Part 8 is just a cranky RANT...which really doesn't belong in this otherwise most interesting book.  (Where was his editor?)
0066620694|5.0|Professor Christensen has managed to write, not only a book with all the timely footnoted research in the subject of sustaining versus disruptive technologies, but most certainly one of the most interesting and fast read business book that I have ever lay eyes on.  The book managed to keep my griping attention throughout with insightful historical notes on different industries, supporting his research.<br />It does not matter if you are in high-tech, a new economy dot com or in any other business or industry you will find shrewd analogies, data, and prose that will keep you up turning pages.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I must admit, when I first saw Slipknot, I just thought that they were a fake band like Insane Clown Posse, but that changed after I decided to buy their CD. Unlike Insane Clown Posse, Slipknot actually has the music to back up the image. If you are a fan of (old)KoRn, Deftones,Soulfly, etc, I highly recomend this
B00004XPOZ|4.0|I cannot say anything about the trilogy that has not been said.  This review is regarding the quality of the video itself.  Overall, the quality is very good.  First, the widescreen version is the only way to go.  I compared scenes from my special edition pan and scan version to this new widescreen version and it is amazing how much information is lost in the pan and scan version.  the true star wars fan must see these movies in widescreen to see what Lucas intended.  Picture quality is great for VHS.  Colors are vibrant and the picture exhibits little grain. You will see occasional flaw due to the age of the original masters.  This is also the best I have heard these movies sound outside of the last theater release in 1997.  Using a prologic decoder, this release creates a great soundfield.  Overall, the quality of this release is a five.  It is far better quality than the Phantom menace widescreen release.  Makes you wonder how 20+ year movies can look and sound better on video than one that was just released a year ago.  My only complaint about this set is that the movies are the &quot;special edition&quot; versions and not the originals.  For that reason I give a total rating of 4 stars.  I reccomend this set highly, especially the widescreen version.
6301963717|1.0|I'm no Coen Brothers fan, so I watched this out of interest in  the actors. The first problem I had with it, however, was that everyone was so tight and emotionally closed down. Yes, I understand that's part of who these people need to be, but still it was the only time I have ever watched a movie *knowing* there was a director just out of camera range. I couldn't warm even to Albert Finney, a perennial favorite.<br />My big problem, however, was with the movie's use of violence and its connection to messages about manhood. (Spoilers) Part of the plot keys on the fact that the main character, Tom, doesn't commit a murder he's supposed to. In fact, he shows a spark of humanity and is merciful to a man begging for his life.<br />For the rest of the movie, Bernie, the reprieved man, is able to taunt Tom with his &quot;weakness,&quot; his unmanliness in showing mercy. In the end, when he kills Bernie, Tom vindicates his manhood. So the movie portrays the ability to kill without mercy as the  sign of true manhood; the ability to show even a spark of common humanity is a weakness.<br />This is a chilling message about what makes a real man, and what doesn't. It was boys with this kind of attitude who committed the massacre at Columbine. That is the price we pay for our society's worship of violence, and Hollywood's love affair with it.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido has obviously seen the darker, slower side of life. And she shares it with us with lighthouse brilliance on her album No Angel.<br />She sings of rainy days and lost love, of solitude, and the fear of solitude. Her tea is cold, her body wet, her soul crying. And it's all beautiful, haunting, immaculate. <br />For all the lonely hearts out there, take a listen to this beautiful album and realize that you are not now, nor have you ever been, alone. And then listen to Track 6, (\\"Thank You,\\" or the song which earned its playlist stripes after being featured in Eminem's hit \\"Stan\\") and you will realize that there is always tomorrow, and that that elusive thing called love may really be just around the corner. She's been there, been \\"so lonely I don't even want to be with myself anymore.\\" She's had days where she \\"wondered why...she got out of bed at all.\\" And now she's reporting back from the trenches. And she's sounding loud and clear. And gorgeous.<br />Every song has its place on this album and in my heart. Five stars.
B00003CXDG|5.0|M-I-2 is a great flm with a great story and tons of action sequences. The story goes like this: A scientist discovers this disease Chimeria. And then Sean Ambrose steals it from him. It is then up to Ethan Hunt to get it back. Mission Impossible 2 has its share of great action scenes that looked almost impossible to create. Tom Cruise is great in M-I-2. The DVD also has great features like Impossible shots which shows you how they created certain action scenes (11 scenes in all). Also the MTV parody Mission Improbable as well as a Metallica video and many more. The menus n M-I-1 are great and filled with life as long as phrases as &quot;this question will self destruct in 15 seconds&quot;. If you are an action or adventure fan M-I-2 is for you. Dont go wrong get this DVD!
B00003CX8I|3.0|This adaptation of Marvel Comics Uncanny X-Men is well cast and posesses intriguing settings and special effects. The film could have been longer, though, and it tends to focus on Wolverine and Rogue too much. Storm,Cyclops,and Jean Grey ( Phoenix ) take second saddle, hopefully not next time. Magneto is well portrayed and so is Professor X. The action scenes are convincing, the plot is a bit too political, and the X-Men are sans-outfits, all dressed in black. Hugh Jackman is a great Wolverine. My main complaint is the focus on Rogue. She was originally a member of the Evil Mutants, though not in this film. She was also a much lesser X-Man, and in my opinion she should have been absent in favor of Beast, Colossus or Nightcrawler. I think she was given so much just to pander to the the teenage girls. Take Rogue away, make it longer, and this movie came very close to being fantastic.
0201633612|5.0|This remains the best book on patterns. I own many others - and this is the only book that provides clear, concise descriptions and examples.  It is an *excellent* book for java developers, too btw - it's the ideas that are important, not the language they are implemented in.
B00003CXE6|4.0|Russell Crowe does an admirable job portraying Maximus, a general serving Marcus Aurelus, one of the last Ceasar's in Rome sometime around 180 A.D. Maximus is betrayed and ultimately ends up as a gladiator. A gladiator was a slave who was required to fight to the death against other such slaves. Sometimes it was possible to win your freedom.<br />The overiding message of the film is that maintaining the virtues of strength and honor sometimes requires sacrifice and may ultimately lead to death. There is much graphic violence and I suggest you guard your mind because the movie presents a worldview full of ancestor worship, and 'all roads lead to heaven' philosophy. If you are searching for Truth you will not find it here. Also, I commend the producers for making a movie without even the briefest of nudity or unneeded sex scenes.<br />For a movie extolling the virtues of strength and honor as well as being full of adventure I highly recommend this film. No movie, including this one is worth over ... so I would wait for the price to drop and rent it until that day.<br />'The Gladiator' deserves a ten out of twelve on my rating scale and will soon, when the price drops, have a place on my top ten shelf.<br />Semper fi &amp; agape, Ed D.
0553502557|5.0|I am a great fan of Bill Bryson's work and have laughed my way through many of his books. When I heared he was writting a book about my country I was both facinated to read his assesment and more than a little worried that we may have been portrayed poorly, or savaged by his cutting wit.<br />I loved the end result. It's clear that Bill is a &quot;fan&quot; of Australia but he does seem to have developed an excellent understanding of the country, it's people and idiosyncrasies.I can highly recommend it both as an interesting read in itself and as a guide to anybody trying to come to grips Australia and our mystifying ways.
B0000013GT|5.0|ok, &quot;Sotherplayalisticadilacmuzik&quot; is a good CD but lacked outkast experience. It also was lacking in the beats. &quot;ATLiens&quot; is where we begin to see a change in my favorite artist of all time, Andre 3000 (dre) he begins to get his creative juices flowing, and some influences from former girl friend Eryka Badu, influences the way he dresses and the way he spits his lyrics. This is the stepping stone to the hip hop hall of fame, with the funk lyrics and tight beats that come in the future, you know it all started with this pivitol album. You need to get this album if you liked &quot;Aqemini&quot; or &quot;Stankonia&quot; take it from me, (future top 500 reviewers) you won't regret it. ~Icebiznoy
B00004T37H|4.0|Okay, I was pretty impressed. I've come to dread a lot of these films, thinking they would be ruined by the time they made it to America. Princess Mononoke is about as clear a foreign vision as I've seen on video for quite a while.<br />I haven't watched the original version, and I'm not close enough to Japanese culture to say that I would understand it in its original context. That said, I think the translation, and &quot;adaption&quot; work did a pretty decent job of explaining the key plot points for a very complex story, and the voice work also blended in well -- Billy Bob Thornton's southern accent may have seemed out of place, but that was appropriate given the character of the monk.<br />The animation, a little rough at parts, is mostly stunning throughout, especially the character work. My only real objection to this movie is the overblown (beyond climactic)ending, a problem I also had with Akira.<br />Finally, there's some pretty grisly violence in the battle scenes, so this is probably not appropriate for most children.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The sound/picture on this DVD is INCREDIBLE on my 5.1 Dolby surround sound system/Sony 36&quot; Wega. The recreation of the Carthage battle and the scene with the tigers are enough for me to recommend this DVD to anyone.  Predictions: Russell Crowe wins Oscar for best actor. Movie should also win best picture and director, too.
B00003CX8J|5.0|X-Men was truly the greatest movie I had ever seen in my life.  I saw it in the theaters 5 times and reserved it on Amazon.com the minute it was available.  Of course, I have been an X-Men fan since I was 3 years old and have been waiting ever since I can remember for a movie about the X-Men to come out.  I was skeptical about the movie at first seeing the quality of other comic book movies, but this movie is a masterpiece.  The actors portray their roles well, the special effects are very nice, and the overall translation from comic to movie was pretty near perfect.  Perfectionists will be critical about the way Singer presented the origins of some of the characters since they are not completely on spot with the comics, and true sticklers for detail may be disappointed with the costumes.  I think it would have been a mistake to use the comic costumes in the movie because they just don't fit in to a real life scenario.  The costumes used in the movie still look comic book like, but appear more like &quot;customized uniforms&quot; if you will.  The movie leaves very little to be desired.  I recommend any fan of Action Movies, Comical Movies, or Sci-Fi Movies to purchase this DVD or VHS.  As for the quality of the DVD itself- its just as perfect as the movie.  In terms of picture, the colors and detail are depicted in perfect quality on this DVD.  The sound has to be the best I've heard on a DVD.  Hopefully those of you buying this have a big TV and a solid Surround Sound system because experiencing X-Men in full home-theater picture and sound absolutely blew me away.  Buy this movie people.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|Every time I listen to this CD, I love it more. I begin to understand how the music took the protagonist into another world. Now, I no longer associate the visuals from the movie with the music. The music spurs my imagination and I create my own world. I am transformed.<br />In my opinion, the movie and CD are true artistic feats. I can understand that in order for Bjork to realize her role as Selma, she needed to immerse herself to the point of exhuastion, if not depression. Only in this way could she create music that can transform you from most horrendous and depressive circumstances and experiences, and immerse you into a musical world. The singularity of instrumentation, the rhythms and singing make me want to let the steering wheel go and dance my heart away. I cry, I laugh, I dance. I imagine how life could be if... I make up stories, videos and Broadway musicals in my mind. Most of all, I forget where I am and just enjoy being in my own mind. <br />Maybe after I have heard this CD a thousand times, I can describe the music in a more intelligent way, but this is the effect it has had on me.
B00004Y2QT|5.0|Well, firstly let me deal with the criticisms.  I don't have the best sound system running with my DVD player, so I don't know about the whole missing channels thing.  I do know that the sound is infinitely better than the copy I had taped from the Pay-Per-View special.<br />The concert is simply phenomenal.  Once again, Prince shows why his live shows continue to sell out regularly.  My only criticism of this disc would be that the direction and editing gave me a headache.  I don't know who's idea it was to have microsecond angle changes during exciting portions of the concert, but it doesn't work.  Just leave the camera on the performers!<br />Anyway, simply put - BUY IT!  It's a great concert!
B000005B0U|4.0|This one is good for the drive south on I-75.  When you hit Sidney, Ohio and the sun is setting...
1558908358|4.0|I first viewed this movie 18 years ago at the theater. And even as a small child, I was blown away by the marvelous special effects technology. Its obvious that it took a very gifted team to merge beautiful hand painted backdrops with computer animation.  unfortunately, at the time, PC computers were only dark experiments and frightful rumors to movie goers. So much of the terminology used in the film was a little hard to understand. Also, &quot;The Return of the Jedi&quot; already had audiences connected elsewhere. The DVD version of this movie is great in that it allows the viewer to appreciate TRON in a time where computers are a part of  everyday life. Certain tech terms used are easier to understand by today's standards. And if you're just an action junkie, the selections allow you to get to all those great fighting sequences. Obviously, Disney took a risk in making this picture. And the results are definately stunning. Even if it wasn't appreciated back then, it's surely something to marvel in this day and age.
B000002UJQ|5.0|It doesn't get much better than this. In my opinion, every song on this album is great. The lyrics are great, and Thom Yorke's voice conveys emotion like few artists can. Eerie songs like &quot;Climbing Up the Walls&quot; are great, and there's even a somewhat politically motivated song on there: &quot;Electioneering.&quot; &quot;Paranoid Android,&quot; &quot;Karma Police,&quot; and &quot;Airbag&quot; are some other highlights. BUY THIS ALBUM! NOW!
B00003CXE6|4.0|You wouldn't expect gladiatorial combat to be worth watching. It's been the subject of thousands of one-panel cartoons, sportswriting allegories, and pedophile come-ons (Remember the pilot in Airplane asking, &quot;Jimmy, do you like gladiator movies?&quot;)<br />So it's a bit of a surprise that most of the combat scenes in this film play pretty well. Oh, there are quibbles: the lions and tigers look like they've been given Xanax-laced burgers, and despite fitful attempts to invoke real Roman custom (Crowe's prayers to his ancestors) the American nuclear family is still the basic unit of pathos. <br />But most of it is beautiful, in an uncanny way. The great battle scene at the start of the film is like a pre-industrial Apocalypse Now shot, as the Roman catapults literally napalm the treeline. It's an interesting way of reimagining the Roman way of making war, and it's not actually such an implausible one. They were a fearsomely adaptable and ruthless people, and the film deserves credit for making them, and their bloodsports, something more than a tired punchline.<br />One thing, though: Oliver Reed. Aaaiiee! The man is magical: whenever he appears onscreen, suspension of disbelief collapses. I await the day he and Keanu Reeves play opposite each other; the very fabric of the Universe may well collapse!
B000002V07|4.0|To the detractors of Mazzy Star, I will give you this; I know exactly what you're talking about.  Hope Sandoval's voice is initially intruiging, but then you come to a point where you'll either let the record play or never listen to it again.  She's part of a select group of singers that either grab you or repel you, and part of the problem with this album is it's pace.<br />It drones on and on like a collection of VU b-sides; except that it's much better than anything that oaf Lou Reed could come up with on his best day.  A dirge of the blues here, a tinge of psychedelia here--a torch-like jazzy quality of voice that Hope emits during the best tunes ('She's My Baby', 'Bells Ring'), and carries during the worst ('Five String Serenade').<br />This album is meant to sooth, like all the best shoegazer bands did before their time passed.  When you need to be rocked afresh, this isn't the way to go, however.  But I rank it up there with Miles Davis &quot;Someday My Prince Will Come&quot; and either of the first two Slowdive albums for a sheer bliss-out.
B00004XONN|5.0|Go in with an open mind towards alternative music. This CD contains each song that is different from the other and above all crafted well. Its definitely the alternative album of 2000.<br />Its music at its alternative best.....
078324228X|5.0|This is a really pathetic film ever made. Denzel W. plays a perfect role in this 20th century racial drama. I watched this film almost 5 times already and the more I watch it the more I love it. A must see!
B00000J8EK|2.0|There's something overblown about this record. The egos of Tom and Ed seem intent on fuelling their egos and being really 'clever'. They've also let themselves be inspired by tacky synth sounds rather than the ferocios techno leanings of Dig Your Own Hole. Having a whole clutch of guest vocalists in just leaves the record short of identity.  Let Forever Be sums up the problems. It's just a lazy retreat of Setting Sun, Noel sounds disinterested, and the boys didn't even conjure up the song themselves. Out Of Control is possibly the only time where a guest singer really gets it right here. Overall there's too much ego and not enough class. Orange Wedge and Got Glint aren't bad but overall this doesn't cut the mustard.And is Hey Boy Hey Girl meant as a joke? It's so cheesy.
6305897786|2.0|My review of The Ninth Gate would be more of 2.5 star rating.  Roman Polanski's devilish thriller doesn't really offer anything in the thrills department.  It moves at a slow pace, but it's a very intriguing film, and certainly better than the similarly plotted Angel Heart.  The problem with The Ninth Gate is that it really ends up going nowhere.  After a very well-done first hour, everything unravels, as we begin to realize that Polanski is just filling the running time up as much as possible.  The final scenes are also a cheat,  it's easily one of the most disappointing endings in a long while, not only because of its abruptness, but also because of its contradictions, as the white light interferes with the film's dark tone.  If you ever watch the film, you'll know what I mean.
0064400018|5.0|The saga of Laura Ingalls Wilder is an enduring tale that is an essential part of the American experience. A large part of its enthralling attraction is the honest description of the lifestyle of the late 1800s. It's like a window into our past through the eyes of a girl. We see conflict and character, struggle and triumph, sweet and bitter. It is truly something that will make you better for having read it.<br />This is no less than required reading for young children everywhere. While being educational as well as entertaining, it is so heartfelt a story as to be transcendent. And this book is where that story begins.<br />The journey starts here, and what a journey it is, take the first step and buy this book.
B000002UAR|5.0|A lage portion of 1966's reputation for extraordinary rock and the bridge between pop/rock with rock and art is due to REVOLVER, an impeccable declaration of The Beatles' creativity and brilliance. These fourteen songs are incredible individually, but even more impressive is how these completely different songs fit so well toether as an album. The Beatles vividly illustrated the possiblities of production by taking their exceptional songs to higher levels on this recording.  As The Beatles different styles made up their remarkable sound. Never before had an album's experimentation been so successful, and there has yet to be an album which has come close. REVOLVER brought many innovations to The Beatles. One of the most notable was the backwards sounds, mainly backwards guitar solos and backwards vocals. Another was the variation in tape speeds. When RUBBER SOUL was recorded the tape machines at Abbey Road only offered full or half speeds; for REVOLVER the tape machines were altered so all speeds could be used. Almost every session yielded new recording techniques. HELP! was the first Beatles album where outside musicians were used, though RUBBER SOUL was kept inside. On and after REVOLVER, the rules against outside guests were revoked. The songs, especially, broke new ground, for the first time The Beatles' compositions didn't always give a reference to love situations. <br />George Harrison's growth as a songwriter was astronomical. \\"Taxman\\" was a stinging rocker, a stunning piece of music. \\"Love You To\\" is the first Beatles song devoted exclusively to Indian musical instrumentation. \\"I Want To Tell You\\" is a fabulous piece of music, with a bouncy pop backing and terrific, more sophisticated, love-song-type lyrics. John Lennon was at the turning point of his songwriting, and his contributions are exciting. \\"I'm Only Sleeping\\" with it's murky atmosphere and high-speed vocal effect is marvelous. \\"She Said She Said\\" is a nightmare song, with it's vivid sound sculptureand confused lyrics, stunning. \\"And Your Bird Can Sing\\" has exquisite guitar work. \\"Doctor Robert\\" is a tribute to a dealer, with a great organ part and vocal harmonies. \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\" is one of the best psychedelic pieces ever, and one of the most remarkable innovations made in pop music. Paul McCartney's songs are more formal, and while they back away from experimentation, their level of sophistication is breath-taking. \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" is a masterpiece, with haunting imagery and a perfect mix of classical and rock influences. \\"Here There And Everywhere\\" is a gorgeous love song, with it's fabulous harmonies and romantic lyrics. \\"Good Day Sunshine\\" is a classic bouncy number \\"For No One\\" is an impressive song with it's unforgettable images of isolation, the perfect picture of the end of a romance. \\"Got To Get You Into My Life\\" is a remarkable rock song, with a soulful melody and backing track. \\"Yellow Submarine\\", is a charming fantasy song. <br />As an album, the songs fit together with extraordinary ease, painting an unforgettable picture of sound and situation, a delicious album. \\"Taxman\\", the first and only Harrison composition to open an album, is shocking. Harrison's complaint about the English tax system pefectly matched with exceptional guitar work and a powerful melody. \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" is one of the best fusions of classical and rock musics. The haunting image of a woman picking up rice after a wedding or a minister writing sermons that will not be heard; the feelings of alienation are clearer here than they are in \\"She's Leaving Home\\" (on SGT. PEPPER'S LONELY HEARTS CLUB BAND). \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" also has a much better arrangement. \\"I'm Only Sleeping\\" is brilliant. The lyrics make a social statement, with sped-up vocals and the complex structure of the backing track. It took six hours to produce the desired effect with the guitar solos. From the last fades of \\"I'm Only Sleeping\\" come a raga intro on the sitar for \\"Love You To\\". Ther lyrics combine instruction with an offer for love, with incredible results. The tender \\"Here, There And Everywhere\\" is an exceptional piece of music, the sophistication in the lyrics, the heavenly vocal harmonies, and gorgeous melody. \\"Yellow Submarine\\" is a marvelous piece of music, as enjoyable for young listeners as it is for evreyone else. It is widely thought of to be Lennon's composition, though on ANTHOLOGY, McCartney claims to have though of the idea for the song. With the brass and group chants, and a terrific lead vocal from Ringo Starr, \\"Yellow Submarine\\" is two and half minutes of delight. On the same day the album was released, \\"Yellow Submarine\\" and \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" were issued as a single. \\"She Said She Said\\" is a searing experimental song. There's a ringing guitar underneath the sound surface, which is more audible on vinyl copies. \\"Good Day Sunshines\\" ringing piano base works well on this highly enjoyable song. The guitar sculpture of \\"And Your Bird Can Sing\\" rings out with stunning energy, a perfect fit for Lennon's lyrics. \\"For No One\\" is painfully astounding. With a haunting horn break, and remarkable melody. The portrait of the end of a romance, and the failure to realize that \\"it's over\\", is a crushing image in this exceptional song. \\"Doctor Robert\\" may be a joyous drug song, but what's even more interesting is the organ and the sound of Lennon and McCartney's voices at the end of some lines. The guitar intro of \\"I Want To Tell You\\" is a marvelous kick. \\"Got To Get You Into My Life\\" bursts with fresh energy, and the horns sound perfect with the uptepo melody. \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\" is the riveting closure on REVOLVER, the song that perfectly describes the psychedilic experiences. The song plays on the single chord of \\"C\\", on top of which the extraordinary sound structure is built. This was the first song started for the REVOLVER sessions. The two songs released as a single, McCartney's \\"Paperback Writer\\" and Lennon's \\"Rain\\" match the spirit of the album as well.In the United States \\"I'm Only Sleeping\\", \\"And Your Bird Can Sing\\", and \\"Doctor Robert\\" were clipped in June and filled out YESTERDAY AND TODAY. The US version of REVOLVER, completed the same sequence without those three songs. 1966, was one of the most explosive years for rock music, with REVOLVER, The Beach Boys' PET SOUNDS, and much more. REVOLVER is one of the Beatles' best albums and one of the greatest records in music history.
0441172717|5.0|Dune, or as I like to call it, When Genius Met Brilliance, is a book with all the elements of good literature. One that defies the genres, the accepted limitations. The book that launched a thousand imaginations. Like Lord of the Rings, it is a book that defined what good literature meant. I can go on about the technical details, but that will only ruin the mystique of the book. Venture forth onto this journey of human accomplishment.
B00003CXE6|3.0|The theme is familiar.  Good guy sold into slavery as gladiator in ancient Rome.  I was weaned on these movies as a child -- Ben Hur, Sparticus, Samson Delilah.  These epics still echo in my memories.  And I hold similar films to a very high standard.  Alas, though, the director of Gladiator is no Cecil B. DeMille or Stanley Kubuck.  The Gladiator doesn't even get on the playing field against those giants.<br />That said, the Gladiator does have some good points.  Richard Harris as the dying Caesar is wonderful, and Oliver Reed as the gladiator slave dealer is great.  This last film of his is a great legacy to his talent as I understand he died during its filming.<br />Russell Crowe, cast as the hero Maximus is all machismo and righteous anger. Undoubtedly this role will spark his career.  It might have been the weak script or it might have been his one-dimensional portrayal, but I just couldn't get into his character.  I wanted to care and I didn't, which is a shame because it is his performance which was supposed to carry the story.<br />Joaquin Phoenix as the villain does a better job.  As the embodiment of evil, he is easy to hate.  The female lead, Connie Nielsen, while attractive, also played her role with a constant angry tone, which limited her appeal.<br />The action scenes were done with the best of computer graphics.  There's blood and gore and heads being lopped off.  Some of the scenes are done well, such as when Maximus turns the gladiators into an army and they fight against several teams of chariot fighters.  Other scenes, such as the opening one where the Roman army is conquering an enemy, are so confused that I rarely knew who the participants were.<br />Basically the film is 2-1/2 hours of action, with some long talky scenes in between.  Mostly, it held my interest.  But I couldn't help thinking of the good old days before computer graphics, when the epics were fueled with star power and great directing.  I'd like to see some real passion along with the violence. But perhaps I'm just getting too jaded.<br />However, not all movies have to be all things to all people, and the Gladiator does succeed as pure entertainment.  There's good guys and bad guys and lots of battles.  There's a feeling of history and ancient Rome. And its a way to escape from our own personal stresses.  I can recommend it on that level.  And I'm personally glad I saw it myself.th the violence. But perhaps I'm just getting too jaded.<br />However, not all movies have to be all things to all people, and the Gladiator does succeed as pure entertainment.  There's good guys and bad guys and lots of battles.  There's a feeling of history and ancient Rome. And its a way to escape from our own personal stresses.  I can recommend it on that level.  And I'm personally glad I saw it myself.
6301966015|4.0|Poor Antonioni.  He learned - the hard way - that the nature of Film derives from its strange popular basis.  How else did MGM get in on the backing of 'Blow Up?'  The film's success probably had less to to do with Antonioni's oblique look at swinging London than with the whole Mod scene it coincidentally highlights - the frenetic life of a fashion photographer, the scantily-clad models, the rock-and-roll bands, the impromptu orgies (the best are always impromptu), the (real or imagined) murders, the attempted blackmail. Antonioni's mistake was that we could never pin down his attitude toward such subject matter.  Surely the man who created 'L'avventura' was only interested in the surfaces of his subject (it had no depths to speak of)?  Surely he was cleverly disparaging the lifestyle of this idiot photographer?  Fact is, Antonioni was secretly in love with it.  Just as he would be duped by the stupidities enacted in 'Zabriskie Point.'  He wasn't as objective as his better admirers believed.  He was middle-aged.  He was Italian.  And he was getting over Monica Vitti.  'Blow Up' is fascinating, all the same.  And it certainly doesn't deserve some of the comments of the uninitiated - outcasts of the &quot;Film Generation,&quot; who wouldn't know an art film if it fell on them....
079213690X|3.0|This 1995 film, starring Mel Gibson, who also directed it, is the legendary myth of  William Wallace, a Scot commoner who united the 13th century Scots against the English.  Technically, it works well, especially the battle scenes which are frequent, bloody and violent.  They also are not confusing.  The audience always knows who the bad guy is, and what the battle strategy is. However, even though I knew this was a myth, and not based on historical fact, I found the story hard to believe.  Would an English Princess really travel to the battlefield to make love to the King's enemy?<br />Mel Gibson is a good actor, but he seemed too old for the part, especially when he weds his childhood sweetheart in the early part of the film.  The casting for the supporting roles was better:  Patrick McGoohan as the wicked king of England, Brendan Gleason as Mel Gibson's best friend, Catherine McCormack as his first love, Sophie Marceu as the princess.<br />No matter how sad the story or gruesome the violence, I didn't feel any emotional pull.  That was because it never seemed real.  It was also much too long at three hours.  I recommend this video only for those who are interested in 13th Century warfare and unremitting violence.  For Mel Gibson fans, however, check out &quot;The Patriot&quot;;  its a much better film.
B000050XEI|5.0|Anyone who is a fan of Enya will appreciate this CD, it's well worth the wait.  My only regret is that it is a mere 35 or 40 minutes long.  Listen and relax and enjoy her unique style.  What a talent...every song is great.  How many CDs end up having just one or two good cuts?  Enya doesn't disappoint with &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot;.  Every cut is, as usual, a pleasure hear.  Enya, give us more!
B00003CXA2|5.0|The first time I'd seen this film was on December 1994,when I was in the middle of the 12th grade. It left quite an impression on me; I felt that I understood the phrase that said \\"The world will never be the same once you've seen it through the eyes of Forrest Gump&quot;. And indeed I did, for a long period of time, I've had it's messages, and it's new-to-me way of looking at every day's life on my mind. I guess it still wonders around, echoing inside my head from time to time, reminding me, when I forget, to take things more lightly.<br />  The movie itself is one of the saddest I'd seen to that date, and even six years after, I consider it one of the touchiest. This doesn't mean it lacks amusing, funny and joyful moments,on the contrary.This not so common combination is what makes this film so great and recommended.  Myself, I haven't met anyone saying he didn't like it ,except a columnist that had resented the fact that one of the messages of the film can be - you can be a laggard ,but it doesn't matter if you're lucky ! I must admit that it's true according to the film, and it's a misleading and false too, but maybe it's not the main purpose of the film ,maybe a sly way of criticizing and stinging the American content society.<br />  One thing I earned from watching it was the love for the run. Sometimes I still reflect at Forrest running anywhere he wants to go, instead of walking, and ,my god I want to run to, or keep on running myself ! I can't forget his insane runs across the U.S. with all the nutcases joining him, this was brilliant !<br />  Another unforgettable scene was his second reunion (if I'm not mistaken) with Jenny in Washington D.C after nobody'd heard his speech ,but nevertheless used the `F' word. Seeing this for the first time was a real blast-off, and even on the video it hasn't lost its entertaining-then-heart lifting touch.<br />  What's more to say? It's a guaranteed bargain.This movie can be seen over and over ,yet the pleasure remains.ins.
0440219078|5.0|I was first introduced to &quot;The Giver&quot; as an 11 year old, and it has stayed with me ever since.  I recently re read it because I was curious to see how my reaction would differ (now being an 18 year old).  I am happy to write that I had the same feelings for this novel.  It is a wonderful story with powerful imagery.  In fact, there are several scenes that have never left my mind.  The ending in particular is stunning.<br />If I had to single out a best quality I would choose the originality of it.  This book did something for me that I believe all books should do: it made me truly *think.*  &quot;The Giver&quot; served as a springing board for my own examinations of our society and the things we take for granted.  It is a book filled with written emotion, and Lowry's wording is exquisite.  It is descriptive while being simplistic, and the meaning behind each word is sharp and clear.  Initially there is an awe; an innocent wonder.  As the plotline expands the awe turns to horror and pain.  <br />However, in the midst of it all there is a process of discovering beauty.  In &quot;The Giver&quot; the main character learns what feelings are.  In the course of reading this book, I felt as though I were being taught as well.  <br />This is one extraordinary piece of work.
B000002OMN|5.0|&quot;Bat Out Of Hell II&quot; is the first CD I've ever owned, hence there's a special place in my heart preserved for this magnificent album.<br />  As Meat's old fans know, it represented his metaphorically return to the front line of the music industry. After years of staying in the shadows without any real worth mentioning big hit, came \\"Bat&quot; no. II which namely was a sequel to his former major hit album and all time classic \\"Bat Out of Hell\\" (see my past review) and functioned as a continuance to the latter.<br />  One fact must be cleared - under no circumstances does this album put his predecessor to shame. It's a unique achievement in the rock genre without any alike around. With titles like \\"I'd do anything for love...\\", \\"objects in the rear view mirror\\", \\"lost boys and golden girls\\" - soon enough you realize that someone has done a great deal of work for you ,and you better listen ! Pay extra attention to the unforgettable \\"Out Of the Frying Pan (and into the fire)\\" a fantastic action performance.<br />  I can determine safely that this is a masterpiece .I do not give that honor easily, but believe me, this album deserves it. It had made his advent appearance at the end of 1993, and I've been listening to it enthusiastically ever since. Time hasn't diminished the power and depth of this super fine music creation; there is only a low depreciation over this CD,so you can listen to it time and again and, to me, that's the definition of a classic music.<br />  All in all, if consider yourself a rock fan you should buy it, you wouldn't regret your decision.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I rented the DVD because someone else was interested in watching the movie. I could not have been more thoroughly entertained! It was as though I was in a movie theatre in my own living room. Gladiator combines the Epic film of the past with the sensibilities and technology of the present. Gladiator had the ability to meld every human emotional theme imaginable through sight and sound and keep me riveted to the screen for the whole 2 1/2 hours. The Battle scenes are nothing short of Amazing. The ensemble acting is Superb. The additional footage and special features on the 2nd disc are just as compelling as the movie itself. If you already own Gladiator, purchase it for a friend. You could not go wrong! Thankyou
B000051VWW|5.0|I think she is a great snger,she,s come up with various cds,vinyls,cassettes.She has great abilities vocaly,can make you still be singing long after her cds are over. she has a soothing voice as well as sexy,she sings from her heart. I have this in cassette,plus another one,i wish i could own all of them in cds, or in dvds.
0399128964|5.0|If I say that Dune is like a James Clavell novel set in the outer reaches of the Galaxy, do folks understand that I mean that as a compliment?  Like Clavell, the great strength of Herbert's novel is the way that he intertwines plots and schemes:  everyone has their own agenda; alliances are temporary and purely expedient; loyalties are shifting; even kinship is no bar to treachery.<br />The central story concerns Paul Atreides, the 15 year old son of Duke Leto and his Bene Gesserit concubine the Lady Jessica.  Paul is the product of a millennia old Bene Gesserit breeding program and may be the Kwisatz Haderach, a hyper-evolved mental adept with extraordinary extrasensory powers.  Even as Lady Jessica is training Paul in the ways of the Bene Gesserit, the Duke is training him to lead the embattled House Atreides.  Emperor Shaddam IV has just turned over control of the desert planet Arrakis with its invaluable spice concession to the Atreides, but the Emperor recognizes that Duke Leto is a powerful rival and and the Imperium's invincible troopers, the Sardaukar, make the Emperor particularly dangerous.  Likewise, the Atreides rising fortunes have caused jealousy and hatred among other families of the Landsraad, a sort of combine of the great trading houses.  In particular, the vile Baron Vladimir Harkonnen, whose House Harkonnen has just lost control of Arrakis, also known as Dune, is bent on the destruction of the Atreides.  As plots and counterplots explode, sometimes quite literally, Paul and the Lady Jessica are turned out into the desert of Dune where no humans can long survive exposure to the elements, but they are taken in by the mysterious Fremen, a fierce desert people who believe that Paul may be their Messiah.  At this point, Herbert brings religious themes into the mix and the story really gets interesting.<br />This book won both the Hugo and Nebula awards and is widely considered to be one of, if not the, best science fiction novels ever written.  It is a grand space opera combining elements of Byzantine politics and an Islam-like religious movement.  Ironically, the weakest strand of the story is also the most speculative.  Melange, the spice of Dune, is so valuable because it is basically a mind-altering drug, which is used by the Spacing Guild to warp space and time and facilitate intergalactic travel.  While the political and religious strands of the story have a familiar logic to them, whenever the story turns to Melange and its effects, the tale gets pretty sketchy.  Unfortunately, in the sequels to the book this drug-induced storyline gained increasing prominence at the expense of coherence.  But for this one novel, Frank Herbert masterfully wields his complex plot across a sweeping canvas and soaks the maximum tension out of a large scale political and religious conflict.  The reputation of the novel is well deserved.<br />GRADE: A+s a grand space opera combining elements of Byzantine politics and an Islam-like religious movement.  Ironically, the weakest strand of the story is also the most speculative.  Melange, the spice of Dune, is so valuable because it is basically a mind-altering drug, which is used by the Spacing Guild to warp space and time and facilitate intergalactic travel.  While the political and religious strands of the story have a familiar logic to them, whenever the story turns to Melange and its effects, the tale gets pretty sketchy.  Unfortunately, in the sequels to the book this drug-induced storyline gained increasing prominence at the expense of coherence.  But for this one novel, Frank Herbert masterfully wields his complex plot across a sweeping canvas and soaks the maximum tension out of a large scale political and religious conflict.  The reputation of the novel is well deserved. <br />GRADE: A+
B00004RFCM|5.0|We rented the 3-part video (a month ago) and stayed up to watch each episode.  My husband and I enjoyed the complete series (laughed,cried,laughed...etc.).  So, this show has single-handily convinced us of signing up for HBO.  As a fun gift  for the holidays, I'm going to treat my husband (&amp; myself)to the DVD.  Thank you Darren Star &amp; the girls (Sarah &amp; Co., your great).
0345350472|4.0|It's January 2021 and Rick Deckard is a bounty hunter for the San Francisco Police Department.  He hunts down and &quot;retires&quot; rogue androids (andys).  Thanks to technology from companies like the Rosen Association, it's getting increasingly hard to tell the androids from the humans, but there is an empathy test that Deckard can administer; androids don't feel empathy for humans or for each other.  Meanwhile, due to the devastation wreaked by nuclear fallout from World War Terminus, animal life is nearly sacred and pets are status symbols.  Deckard and his wife have an electric sheep just to try and keep up with the Joneses.  Also, the fallout is starting to impact the genetics and fertility of humans, so the government is advocating emigration to Mars, running a Public Service Ad that warns:  &quot;Emigrate or degenerate!  The choice is yours!&quot;  Amidst all of this, a new religion has arisen called Mercerism.  It's founder, Wilber Mercer, is an empath who is taking all of mankind's suffering upon his own shoulders.  Adherents transmit their pain to him through Mercer Boxes and receive inner peace in return.  Now Deckard has been given the assignment of retiring a gang of 8 andys and, to his own horror, he finds that he is starting to develop feelings of empathy for these humanoids while Mercer is telling him that it's wrong to kill the androids, but that he has to go ahead and do it anyway.<br />This is my favorite of Philip K. Dick's novels.  It deals imaginatively with the big themes that are central to speculative fiction, especially what is it that makes us human.  And, unlike some of his other books, he maintains the momentum of the basic story line throughout and keeps everything reasonably coherent.<br />GRADE: B+
0671578642|5.0|This is the second book about Honor Harrington, and it is a worthy successor to [[ASIN:1416509372 On Basilisk Station (Honor Harrington Book 1)]].  Honor saves the male chauvinist population of Grayson from being conquered by its long-time enemy, Masada, but nothing can save the male chauvinist culture of Grayson from being conquered by Honor.  That conquest is begun in this book, but will not be completed until many books later, all of them great fun to read.  Buy and enjoy!    watziznaym@gmail.com
0380789019|4.0|Neil Gaiman, the renowned creator of The Sandman comic book, makes his solo novelist debut with this entertaining, though derivative, dark fantasy.<br />Richard Mayhew has come to London to make his way in the world. He works as a securities analyst &amp; he's become engaged. He's a decent kind-hearted soul who never passes a beggar without digging out some change. Then one night on the way to dinner with his fiancee, the tatterdemalion who he stops to help turns out to be an injured young girl named Door. He takes her back to his apartment  &amp; shortly is visited by Mr. Croup &amp; Mr. Vandemar, two vicious looking men in Victorian dress. He is unable to stop them from searching the apartment, but they do not find Door. When she comes out of hiding, she asks him to carry a message for her. He agrees &amp; goes to fetch the mysterious marquis de Carabas, who takes Door away.<br />With these odd people out of his life, Richard tries to resume his life, but discovers that he has become a non-person. His bank card doesn't work, friends don't recognize him &amp; many people don't even appear to see him. He sets out to try to find out what happened &amp; ends up in London Below, a bizarre city that exists in some kind of parallel reality beneath the streets of the City.  Finding Door and de Carabas, he joins them in a quest to destroy the Beast of London and find the angel Islington.<br />It seemed to me that Gaiman's story owed a tremendous debt to Christopher Fowler, but Fowler is largely unknown here &amp; Gaiman's book made various best-of lists, so more power to him.<br />GRADE: B
B00004W55E|5.0|Rachelle Ferrell definitely gets her clown on, on this piece.  Every track on this cd is good, if not excellent.  It truly has a feeling (vibe) that you just listen and soak up the rhythm and lyrics and bob your head and enjoy, ie. &quot;Individuality&quot;.  The music on this project is very pure; it has slamming rhythm sections and Rachelle's dynamic instrument rips every song.  My favorite tracks are &quot;I Gotta Go&quot;, &quot;I Can Explain&quot; (the lady sangs this song), &quot;Gaia&quot; (duet with Jonathan Butler) is beautiful, &quot;Sista&quot; is a grand statement, and I could go on and on.  If you enjoy &quot;real music and vocals&quot; you can't lose with &quot;Individuality&quot;!  If it's the Lord's will I'll see you Rachelle in St. Louis 12/6 at The Pageant.  Can't wait to hear you Live!
B00004Y9PP|4.0|This is an incredibly good movie that successfully crosses over into two genres: science fiction and horror. It does justice to both.<br /><br />A passenger laden space ship crash lands on an apparently barren and arid planet orbited by three suns. One of the passengers is a viscious killer whose eyesight is such that he can see better in the dark than the others.<br /><br />At first, their most serious problem appears to be how to get off the planet. It quickly becomes clear that how to stay alive in order to get off the planet is the first and foremost issue.  You see, the planet is inhabited by killer creatures that shy away from light, and an eclipse is on the immediate horizon.<br /><br />The viewer doesn't fully see the creatures throughout most of the film, just their gruesome handiwork. Less is more and the film director capitalizes on this premise to great effect. You do not really see them fully until the very end, and they do not disappoint!<br /><br />This stylish and gripping film depicts the killer as the anti-hero who ultimately squares off with the creatures from one's worst nightmares. As darkness falls, the survivors become less fearful of the anti-hero, as his unique ability to discern these carnivorous creatures in the darkness can help them survive. It is their fear of these nightmarish creatures that now becomes paramount.<br /><br />Visually stunning, this film is unusual and clever. It is no wonder that it is a sleeper hit. It has the makings of a cult classic.
0694519928|5.0|John Gray has provided us with a simple yet extremely practical way of improving our relationships with the opposite sex. Men and women are different as they are from different planets: Mars where self-reliant is valued, and Venus where mutual help and consideration are given without being asked. From this basic concept, the author goes into various practical ways to improve the relationship between the opposite sex. This ranges from the mundane daily occurrence- a woman in the passenger seat making comments on the man's driving - to offering support and understanding in emotional turmoil.<br />To some extent, some might find this book a bit too obvious or just a bit of common sense. However the crux of the matter is that we do not practise the obvious in our relationships and take our partners for granted. This book will be valued by those who genuinely want to improve their marriage or relationship with the opposite sex.
B000009QPE|5.0|With 1986's Reign In Blood, LA-based thrashers Slayer made themselves into living legends. Musically, Reign In Blood is the essence of thrash metal. It's the sound of violence, rage and pain distilled into guitar, drum and bass and spat out at near relativistic velocities. You have never heard music this fast or this viscious before.   The lyrics match the extremities of the music, mercilessly reciting a litany of man's inhumanity to man. And forget the Skinhead idiots that idolize them. Anyone who can withstand the assault of &quot;Angel Of Death&quot; and still say the Holocaust was a good idea hasn't been listening. Schindler's List didn't pack this kind of wallop.   The 10 tracks that constitute the content of the original CD total less than 30 minutes in length, and that's about all the average human can withstand. This is metal so heavy it falls off the periodic table. Your heart will race, your head will ache and your ears will ring. This is an explosive CD, handle with care.
0385474547|5.0|i'm sure everyone has already said everything, so i'll make this short.  i read this book maybe three years ago and here's what it's done for me.<br />1) anytime i meet someone from nigeria i have a ready-made conversation.  they all know the book, love chinua achebe, and love to talk about it.  and since i do too, everyone wins.<br />2)  what sticks with me even now, though i haven't looked at the book since, is the deep pain that went on in that village as it transitioned toward christianity.  i'll never forget that character of Ikemefuna (sp?), the sacrificed &quot;peace-child.&quot;  still makes me feel like i could cry when i think of the tragedy.  of so many sacrificed, and why?
B000002A46|5.0|This cd is one of Mariah's best cd, her voice is on top condition, and one of the best xmas collection ever. The songs are:<br />1. Silent Night (9.5/10) - Mariah does a calm vesion, and it's very good.<br />2. All I Want For Christmas Is You (9.5/10)The classic mariah holyday song, everyone likes this one.<br />3. O Holy Night (10/10)- Amazing Vocals, Best Version of this song ever.<br />4. Christmas (Baby Please Come Home) (8.5/10) - Great Arrangement<br />5. Miss You Most (At Christmas Time) (9/10) - Tradicional MAriah Romantic Ballad but is Xmas Related. The Great thing here is the simple but amazing arrangement and her awesome voice, again.<br />6. Joy To The World (7.5/10) - unfortunately Mariah put a beat that doesn't fill here, but in the end ít becomes good.<br />7. Jesus Born On This Day (8.5/10) - touching song, children singing, calm, great.<br />8. Santa Claus Is Comin' To Town (9.5/10) - another classic song that mariah made the best version ever.<br />9. Hark! The Herald Angels Sing / Gloria (In Excelsis Deo)(9/10)- great vocals of Mariah and all the background singers.<br />10. Jesus What A Wonderful Child (9.5/10)- great gospel side of Mariah.<br />Overall, amazing. As someone here wrote, Mariah sings gospel very well, and should have more gospel influences on her regular records.
B00005176F|5.0|It's easy (and a fun parlor trick, to boot) to lament what isn't on this greatest hits package (or what is like the utterly charmless Charmless Man).  Number 1 ommission:  Sing.  Others dearly missed:  Sunday, Sunday; Chemical World; Trouble in the Message Centre; Stereotypes; M.O.R.; Strange News from Another Star; Bugman; and, last but certainly not least, Trimm Trabb (a masterpiece).  But I point out these excellent tracks (and there are plenty of others, including a number of b-sides) not to criticize (it is impossible to get a greatest hits package to everyone's liking unless the group only had produced one album like the Sex Pistols) but rather to indicate how strong Blur's work has been over the last decade.  This is an excellent collection and an excellent introduction (though Virgin cleverly attached a nice live disc to attract the long-standing fans).  That said, this should merely be the start of a Blur collection as each studio album is somewhere between brilliant and utter genius (including the sorely underrated The Great Escape).  For many of us, Blur provided the soundtrack for the nineties.  Hopefully, this greatest hits collection is only the first volume.
B000002KMV|5.0|The classic albums in Prince's catalogues, such as Purple Rain and 1999, overshadow this short but underrated album. Sure, Purple Rain and 1999 are good too, but it's time that lesser-remembered Prince albums get some attention, too. Really the only hit single from this album is the title track, Controversy, which peaked at No. 70 on Billboard in 1981. Controversy is a stark and fun song, with the rude refrain at the end &quot;people call me rude/i wish we all were nude&quot;. Sexuality is a good one, too, but i'm afraid that it's not the only thing Prince will ever need LOL. Do Me, Baby is a beautifully romantic and sexual ballad, but sounds more like a lullaby than a song for stimulation. The spoken ending with Prince saying &quot;i'm so cold&quot; seems a little stupid, though. i really enjoy the sunny Private Joy, and i think that LaToya Jackson also did a good interpretation of the song in 1984 for her &quot;Heart Don't Lie&quot; album. (Yes-i'm being serious.) Let's Work (which was a single, i think) and Ronnie, Talk To Russia are forgettable, but Annie Christian is though provoking and seems to fit perfectly on an album called Controversy. Jack U Off is too blatant for my tastes. If you're into Prince and you don't have this, get it. For you collectors out there, try to get it on vinyl; it comes with a bonus colour poster of that famous picture of Prince in the shower wearing nothing but a black speedo, with a crucifix hanging nearby on the wall.
B000050XEI|5.0|I enjoyed this album as much as every other that Enya has released, if not more. She has an incredible ability to enchant and utterly captivate me with every note of every song on every album she has ever made.<br />A Day Without Rain begins, as every other album does, with its title track, a calming instrumental with background vocals by Enya. This song sends a chill down my spine when I listen to it, and at one point, it almost brought me to tears.<br />&quot;Wild Child,&quot; the second track, has a title that fits perfectly: This song is quite wild and spunky for Enya, and comes as a small surprise after &quot;A Day Without Rain.&quot; This song leads me to pondering the simplicity of childhood, to realizing how overly complicated adult life can get, and to guard myself from becoming &quot;too mature.&quot;<br />Enya's first single and third album song, &quot;Only Time,&quot; is less up-tempo than &quot;Wild Child,&quot; but is less serious than &quot;A Day Without Rain.&quot; This song has a peaceful way of reassuring us that worry is pointless, since everything is in &quot;time's&quot; hands.<br />This next track comes as a delightful surprise for me individually, because of its hints back to &quot;Pax Deorum&quot; and &quot;Cursum Perficio.&quot; Yet this song in its entirety has a completely different feel to it than the comparisons, but relates to the others in that it is in Latin. Although somber, &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; is catchy, and I found myself singing along to it in no time.<br />An interesting effect: As &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; ends, the background leads right into &quot;Deora ar Mo Chroi,&quot; a lovely Irish Gaelic ballad whose translations are included in the album booklet.<br />&quot;Flora's Secret&quot; begins very much like &quot;Wild Child,&quot; but once the melody is given, it becomes a different song. Surprisingly, this is a long story between a nameless &quot;he&quot; and &quot;she,&quot; whose relationship becomes intervened in by &quot;flora.&quot;<br />The seventh track is about a lost/dead relationship and the remembrance of every happy memory with the other person. Lyrically and melodically &quot;Fallen Embers&quot; is quite a sad song, but it definitely reminds us listeners to kindle our current relationships with those special people in our lives.<br />&quot;Silver Inches&quot; provides a contenting interlude in the album, and sounds slightly like &quot;Tea-house Moon.&quot; It is, obviously, an instrumental.<br />The ninth song is entitled &quot;Pilgrim,&quot; and encompasses the journeying that we all do to discover who we are and what our place is in life. It is a slow tune, but provides gems of truth that are applicable in everyone's life.<br />&quot;One by One&quot; tells another love story, filled with adios's and good-bye's, but always returns to the couple being together again. The song ends by saying, &quot;Don't say, 'Adios,' say, 'Adios, good-bye.'&quot;<br />The last track on this album is possibly one of the best I've heard from Enya. From the first string plucked, it gives one the mental picture of rolling ocean waves on a sunny day or dancing on the green grass of a flowery garden. &quot;Lazy Days&quot; is very upbeat, and ends on perhaps the brightest note Enya's ever ended on.<br />All in all, this is definitely a wonderful album, as are all the rest. This release marks another chapter in Enya's music book, and a long awaited treat for her fan's ears. Highly commendable!
B000002L68|5.0|i'm actually kind of surprised that this album has had so much staying power since its release in 1984. If you really think about it, it's just an ordinary-sounding 80's pop album, with a not-so-ordinary lead singer. Who would have ever thought that in 1984, When Doves Cry, with all the drum machines and synthesizers you could wish for, would still be remembered at the turn of the millenium 16 years later? Either way, this is still a great album. As usual for me, i tend to favor the forgotten tracks on certain albums rather than the ultra-popular and played-to-death hit singles. Perhaps the best is the rocking Computer Blue. i love the monotone speakers in the intro of the song, asking Wendy if the water is warm enough. (&quot;Yes, Lisa.&quot;) The best part is the guitar solo in the middle. i'm actually wondering if that is actually a guitar or a keyboard; the notes seem too complicated to be accomplished on a guitar. Then again, it is Prince. Computer Blue bleeds into the ultra-steamy Darling Nikki, the song that changed the way Tipper Gore saw music. i enjoy the steamy atmosphere, but the message is a bit too racy for me. The ballad The Beautiful Ones is another highlight; i love the electronic/synthesized ballads of the 80's. Take Me With You, Prince's duet with Apollonia, is friendly to the ear, but Apollonia only sounds good by herself, and the song makes her sound immature and as if she can't carry a tune. (The song was a moderate hit, and went into the 20's on the Billboard charts.) The fast-paced I Would Die 4 U and Baby I'm A Star are good songs as well. Perhaps the classic title track Purple Rain puts all the others to shame. It is an 8-minute epic complete with orchestra and awesome guitar work by Prince. It is one of the most sophisticated songs of Prince's career. The popular Let's Go Crazy is pretty cool too, with a good message of fun and spirituality. (It's b-side, the non-album track Erotic City, introduced the world to the future star Sheila E.) The only possible low-point of the album is When Doves Cry, but only because it was played way too much, both on the radio and in my own home (LOL). i do give Prince a lot of credit for venturing into what was up until then considered absurd, with the lack of bass in the song. This is no doubt Prince's most popular album, and along with Michael Jackson's Thriller will probably be one of the most popular albums of not only the 80's but of all time.
0694515159|5.0|The title interested me, but the story shocked me into an awakening about myself, that was kind of scary. The message that this book provides, is one that I will share with everyone I know who has that 'look' in their eye. If you too want to transend this experience of life as you have been living it, the walkabout awaits you. There are insights here that will echo in your soul and remind you about the value of being one with nature, truth and yourself. Please, give yourself a chance to journey into another world, a real world, and return to Spirit.
0790736233|5.0|A fantastic movie, which brings at the same time lots of important points, such as: meaning of human life, science, religion, and many other ones, all together, with a fantastic story. I still wonder how could Contact be ignored at Oscar's, wasn't even nominated, when it deserved at least three nominations: best movie, best actress (for Jodie Foster, great as usual) and for special effects. And deserved to win the three of them. I reccomend for you to watch, you won't regret
0553296981|5.0|This is an excellent book.  You'll learn a lot from it!  Enjoy.
6305508550|5.0|If you have ever worked in an office, cubicle, or in computer technology you will find this movie hilarious. The only people that I have met that did not think this movie was funny were people who never worked in an office etc...There are many &quot;inside&quot; type jokes that you will only get if you can relate them to your own work experience. This movie will definitely become a cult favorite for the disgruntled office technology employee. Others might not get the entire joke.
0767819462|5.0|This five-hanky &quot;women's picture&quot; was unfairly shut out of the Oscar race a few years back.  It features a mostly terrific -- and consciously sentimental -- screenplay that allows its two stars, Julia Roberts and Susan Sarandon, to cover new territory as actresses.  The biting, realistic dialog between two strong, competitive women resonates with the ring of truth.  The children in the movie shine throughout, and Ed Harris is, as usual, appealing, masculine, bringing gravity to his role as the man in the middle.  The Christmas settings, the snowfalls, the terminal illness, and the classic song &quot;Ain't No Mountain High Enough&quot; all combine to produce more than a few well-earned tears, none more so than in the final ten minutes. Chris Columbus, the director, allows delicate, and sometimes not so delicate, humor, to ease the real pain of many of these well-wraught scenes.  The Hollywood gloss notwithstanding, this is one of those human, heartfelt explorations into some unchartered territory.  If you love movies you can cry with, you'll love Stepmom.
B000050XEI|5.0|I am a big fan of Enya's music, and this is a very nice collection.  Well worth purchasing.
0792833279|1.0|I got this movie free when I purchased my DVD player, and now I know why.  I cant even give it away.  I personally dont know a single person who liked this movie. Dont waste your time or money on this.
B000002JK4|5.0|A purely enjoyable and innovative pop-rock collection. While never a big fan of Zep or testosterone rock in general (my tastes run to Joni Mitchell, fusion and folk), I have always been quite impressed by this album (perhaps partly because Big Log and some other tracks bring Mitchell to mind). Powerful vocals, great guitar and stellar drum work rock up the multi-layered imagery of the lyrics. But Plant never gets lost in the complexity here; the pop sheen of the keyboard and guitar arrangements give this set a winning accessibility throughout.  Big Log is definitely the stand out tune--a great daydreaming or driving song (not at the same time though).
B00003CX95|5.0|This movie is one of the greatest I've seen and the best Epic PERIOD.  I'ts 3 hours long but goes by like one.  Its has alot of gore so it is not recommended for the faint at heart, but that's what makes it so great.  It shows the brutality of war and introduces William Wallace, a man in Scotish  history that most people never heard of, and made Scotish people swell with pride. Mel Gibson did an outstanding job directing and acting in this movie. Its entertaining and educational at the same time.  I can go on and on about this movie. If you havent seen it yet, your missing out on a classic that will endure for many years. This movie is truly made for DVD owners, and it will keep you at the edge of your seat with smartly directed battle scenes.....YOU WILL LOVE THIS MOVIE!
B00003CXE6|3.0|Thwarted numerous times from seeing this in the theatre, I happily scooped up &quot;Gladiator&quot; when it came out on video.  The reviews were uniformly good, friends who had seen it rated it a solid thumbs up, and I'm a huge Russell Crowe fan, so I settled in with my popcorn, ready to enjoy.<br />And . . . I liked it.  I didn't love it.  Visually, it's a very striking film, although at times Ridley Scott lays on the effects a little too thick.  The performances, most notably by Crowe and Joaquin Phoenix, are good, although Connie Nielsen's presence in this otherwise male-dominated drama seems to be superfluous (her costumes are great, though).  But what keeps this in my mind from becoming the masterpiece some claim is the screenplay--or lack thereof.  Crowe said in an interview that they essentially started shooting with no script, and it shows.  The dialogue is often stilted, despite some good lines (&quot;At my signal, unleash hell&quot; is already a catch phrase of sorts), and the plot turns can be seen coming for miles.  As for the history, well, Hollywood's never been a fountain of accuracy, and they certainly aren't going to start with &quot;Gladiator.&quot;  Crowe looks tremendous in a breastplate and tunic, by the way.<br />Many have put &quot;Gladiator&quot; on the same level as &quot;Braveheart&quot;.  I will too, but for a different reason--like &quot;Braveheart&quot;, &quot;Gladiator&quot; is a very heavy-handed historical drama that came out in a kind of a down year for good films.  Not that &quot;Gladiator&quot; isn't entertaining--it is, most definitely--but it isn't Oscar-caliber filmmaking.  That doesn't mean it won't get some Oscar nods when the time comes, though.  Enjoy it, but don't elevate it to something it's not.
B000051VWW|4.0|So long we have waited for the return of this sensual woman ! I can't help but remember when i had first heard this sound..... many years ago. I was dating a wonderful person who had turned me on to Sade. I remember long nites.......
B00004RFDW|2.0|Ok, this movie is about 1.5 hours longer than it should have been... Did they forget to hire an editor?<br />It starts out ok, but the whole thing just kinda strains at the end, until it gets to be like a neverending broken record. The make up jobs are weird as well.  It seems like Russell Crowe never fully underwent his &quot;aging&quot; transformation.  Yeah, he has on a grey wig, but his face is that of a relatively young person.  Besides that, Al Pacino, who is like 15 years older than him in real life, looks 20 years younger than Crowe in the movie.<br />It's an OK movie, but nothing special... Tip: have that fast forward button nearby, it will save u a headache.
0201633612|4.0|This book is a very interesting discussion of certain Object Oriented structures that continually reappear in solutions to computer science problems.  This book outlines each pattern in great detail, giving its definition, use, and examples of each.  The detail may be a bit much, causing the book to drag a bit, but it is invaluable later on when using it as a reference.  The key benefits of design patterns are that they provide you with a common OO vocabulary for discussing these issues with other developers, and that they allow you to reuse certain core elements of an application, not having to solve a particular problem again and again.  The book is an essential read for an intermediate to advanced OO developer.  I hesitate to give it 5 stars because I think the book would have benefited from a more concrete sample application that brought in the patterns and showed the ways in which they communicate with each other, with sample code as opposed to diagrams.  Even so, this book is great.
0375704027|5.0|How should I start. I first read this book 7 years ago in its Chinese translation. But after reading this newly published version it all came back to me. All the sad feelings and the helplessness. This book is just too wonderful it's beyond description. And I can't help falling into the roles in the story while listening to the Beatles' &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot;. You have to get your hand on this book (preferably the Biritish versionto feel it for yourself.  I agree with one of the reviews here this book do feel like J.D. Salinger &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot;. Murakami sort of admitted it himself by writing a line mentioning the book. But &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot; is so powerful in its own way bewteen life and dead; love and hate. This book is a lot more than its protracted images of a love story of a Tokyo college student, although it's more of a guy's romance. Its odd sex patterns and almost frequent suicides mark the authenticity of Japanese culture while strongly persevere the usual influence of American literature and culture in Murakami's works. Maybe it has something to do with Murakami being born in Kobe, a wide-open trading port where Western cultures were available in the early 1900s. Anyway, the reason I am writing this review (at 3:30 a.m.) is that I just can't fall asleep after reading it, even it's the second time in 7 years.
B00003CX8J|4.0|X-Men have built a whole new leg of special affects all on its own. The problem with the special effects was they were a bit choppy in some areas. Particularly Cyclop's blasts and Rogue's draining. <br />The X-men are a group of assembled mutants formed by Professor Charles Xavier(Stewart). Xavier's ultimate fantasy is for humans and mutants to live side by side in peace. Xavier's former colleague, Magneto,(McKellan) has a diferent outlook on things. Magneto thinks mutants should rule over humans in turn he beleives this will insure peace. <br />Senator Kellye is a rights activist trying to enslave or completly do away with mutants. As a test Magneto captures Kellye and turns him into a mutant using some kind of generator to produce a ionic wave of magnetism. His ulitmate goal is to transform all the world leaders into mutants just as he did to Kellye. Little does he know that this process has longterm affects which eventually kill you. <br />How does this tie into the X-men????<br />Wolverine(Jackman) is a former Canadian super agent. He lives his life traveling through Canada boxing his way around. <br />Rogue is a terrified girl because she nearly killed her boyfriend by draining his energy accidently.She flees from home and goes to Canada where she meets Wolverine.They are attacked numerous times by Magneto's thugs in an attempt to get Rogue. Magneto needs someone to power his generator because if he did the process himself he would be killed.He captures Rogue and starts to carry out his plan but of course is stopped by the X-men.<br />Magneto's Gang consists of:Toad,Sabertooth,and Mystique<br />The X-Men are:Cyclops(leader), Storm(co-leader), Jeane, Woleverine, and Rogue.<br />You can count on having a sequel to this twisted adventure.
B000000HU1|5.0|Psychedelic.  If that's what you're looking for, this is a great album to start with; although it's so good, it may spoil you and nothing will seem as good afterwards.  It is spacey like Eno; it is rocking hard like Santana (or like Steve Tibbetts, another hard psychedelic technician); it is fun like...well, like Gong.  They're fun.  And they want the listener to have fun. To see how far Gong has come by this album, listen to Magick Brother/Magick Sister from 1969.  That's more proto-punk, hippie-goofball, psychedelic.  Magick Brother is a great album, but it's comparable to Syd Barrett's solo stuff where as &quot;You&quot; is like Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon.
B00003CX8J|5.0|When I went to see this movie at the very first showing in the morning on the day that it came out, I was praying really hard that they wouldn't totally butcher the comic that I had grown up with my whole life, but when I saw it with my not as enthused friends, I was totally awed and amazed. My friends loved it too, its action packed, with an actual really good plot and some twists thrown in that anyone can enjoy!
B000002MP2|5.0|This is my fav Greenday Album, All the songs rock, if you like punk buy this album. My favorite songs are &quot;Chump&quot; and &quot;Longview&quot;. I recently bought Warning and it's a great album but not as good.
B00003XB8K|5.0|At first, I thought the music belonged to a great classic movie and as I listened the music became more  enchanting than I imagined. If you put on the headset and turn down the lights,imagine yourself in a far away place,beauty all around you and this music puts you there.   Enigma brings out the most in the imagination,exotic ventures of far away places.I have not listened to a CD I didn't enjoy.
630588255X|5.0|How can I get you to see this? I guess not everyone can love it, but everyone should at least try it out. This film has a cult following for a reason.  Something snappy: &quot;A feel good movie for people who don't like feel good movies.&quot;
B00003CXE7|5.0|First off, this is a great movie.  Its not necessarily revolutionary in any way, but it is simply pulled off so well.  The cinematography, majestic sceneries, excellent special effects and emotionally stirring music combine to create a very heartfelt and poetic film.  Its one of those films that can just totally immerse you from start to finish.  Gladiator has been accused of having a conventional storyline, but in my opinion it simply proves that the traditional formula of the hero epic can still make a great movie, as long as it is done the right way.  The actors do a superb job with their characters.  Russell Crowe wins the audience's heart with a very multi-dimensional portrayal of Maximus.  Maximus has the noble heart and steadfast strength of a true hero, yet his pain and quiet humility prove that he is still human.  The well filmed and choreographed fights convey the cruelty and chaos of battle without overly emphasizing graphic bloodshed.  Gladiator isn't ground breaking, but it is the best epic adventure film to come out in a long time and it keeps you enthralled and truly stirs your emotions.  This is what film making is all about.<br />The DVD is definitely worth buying.  The great picture quality and sound are essential in order to make the viewer truly appreciate a movie such as this.  There are also a ton of interesting extra features such as behind the scenes looks at the making of the film, production notes, TV spots and a number of deleted scenes.  A great movie and a great value!
B00004U2G1|1.0|If you are one of those people who is just getting into music and has no idea where to start...this isn't it.<br />Look around for something else. There are better albums than this one. In fact, most albums are better than this one. So, it's good to get off on the right foot. Bands named after cities usually aren't very good. Songs with names such as &quot;more Than A Feeling&quot;, usually aren't very good either. Try and find something better. There's a lot of music out there.<br />If you are not a newcomer to music and are considering buying this record for reasons other than ignorance of its contents, I am sorry. Feel free to e-mail me if you are still stuck in Boston and want to get out.<br />anywhere's better than here
1573221562|4.0|Sarah Waters is proving herself a force to be reckoned with in the field of lesbian literature with this rather ambitious second novel.  Set in Victorian era England, Affinity tells the story of Margaret Prior, a lonely spinster who has chosen to visit the women's ward at Millbank prison where she becomes fascinated with Selena Dawes, a medium convicted of murdering  her client.<br />The strength of this novel rests on Waters' gorgeous use of prose and her ability to take the reader deep within the psyche of her characters.  We are given a glimpse into the life and mindset of a woman who will never fully realize her potential because of the constraints placed upon her by the society in which she lives.  Her one attempt at breaking free of societal constraints results in a catastrophic breakdown from which she has yet to completely recover.  As a result, she forms a very deep attachment to Selena Dawes with disastrous consequences.<br />Unfortunately, the very strengths of this novel also tend to be it's worst flaws.  The over-reliance on flowery prose gives this work the appearance of being a 352 page poem that lacks the structure of a well organized novel. As well, the author's habit of going back and forth in time leaves the reader feeling more than a little confused and frustrated.  Despite these flaws, Affinity is a beautifully written novel that revels in the art of language and atmosphere.
B000050XEI|4.0|This album is much happier than her previous albumsand all the songs are great, my favourites are tempus vernum, fallen embers, only time and one by one. After listening a several times, i think that Wild child seems like orinoco flow. There are also a slightly changes of the arrangement, powerful drums are reduced.  Although there are many criticism, i still enjoy her own unique style of music.
B000002UA0|5.0|PINK FLOYD'S first and best early album already shows SYD BARRETT'S genius in creating songs that made psychadelia fashionable(get RELICS that has the early singles)The influence of SID on the group overall impact will culminate years later with their two masterpieces DARK SIDE OF THE MOON and WISH YOU WERE HERE ,both haunted by the ghost of the man.ASTRONOMY DOMINE might be overlong, but don't forget this is 1967.
6305263299|5.0|At first I thought this was going to stink, the acting seemed a little stilted. But when the guy approaches the Count's castle, I knew this movie had genuine artistry. Also, I've never seen a more interesting vampire in any movie. He is played so creepily and as such a pathetic character you think you'ld have sympathy for him- but not so, he's horrible. The look and the music in the movie create a perfect environment. This isn't a scary movie, but it is one of the best horror movies I've seen.
B000002J09|5.0|Every track on here is a classic! Start off with 'Black Dog,' with the fastest, smoothest guitar lick you will hear this side of Van Halen. Then on to 'Rock and Roll' which is a staple of rock radio. The drumming on here is amazing! It proves that John Bonham was certainly one of the best drummers of all time. Next comes the folk tune 'Battle of Evermore' with guest singer Sandy Denny. The vocal duets on here are amazing. Despite its beauty, the song seems to go almost completely unnoticed. The fourth song, 'Stairway to Heaven,' is definitely the greatest rock song ever. If you haven't heard this epic, shame on you... 'Misty Mountain Hop' is a fabulous song with a great riff and some good singing, too. This is a popular radio pick as well as 'Stairway' and 'Black Dog.' The sixth track 'Four Sticks' has some twisty riffs and some superb drumming. For me, it is the least memorable of all these songs... yet it is still an instant classic! Song seven is the greatest slow song Zeppelin ever did... 'Going to California' has a beautiful melody and great acoustic guitar playing by Page. The last track 'When the Levee Breaks' is, in my opinion, the second best song Zeppelin ever made. It is truly fantastic. The thunderous drum beats along with the distorted bluesy guitar and Plant's wail combine to form this monument in rock music. Go ahead and buy this album... there is a reason it is one of the top 5 best selling albums of all time (22 million). It stands up to repeated listenings because it does not sound dated one bit. This is the epitome of all rock music and set a standard for all who would follow.
B00000295Y|4.0|The only reason I'm writing here is 'cause of the song &quot;Insane in the brain.&quot; Listening to that song is a whole lot of fun. Goodbye.
B000003S0P|4.0|Of the many KC studio albums released during the '70s, &quot;Red&quot; will appeal to fans of traditional rock music more than any of the other albums. While the preceding albums, particularly &quot;Islands&quot; and &quot;Larks' tongues&quot;, had a strong sense of jazzy improvisations and long song formats, &quot;Red&quot; often rocks as hard as arty rock music can. It becomes quickly apparent that KC, being reduced to a trio at the time around &quot;Red&quot;, had sharpened their focus and musical approach, showing that they could compose more accessible and traditionally structured songs without losing the experimental undercurrents that made their output so distinct. On the other hand, &quot;Red&quot; seems like a disjunctive break with all previous concerns; it never feels like a logical step forward for the band, more like a total exception to the band's '70s sound. The general alternation between extreme aggressiveness and unexpected, vulnerable tenderness makes for a fascinating tension throughout the record, and it should be said that &quot;Red&quot; is a pretty dark and cathartic affair; in terms of atmosphere, &quot;Red&quot; is closer to post-punk bands like Joy Division or '90s progressive metal bands like NIN, Godflesh, or Tool. The songs themselves dwell almost entirely on contradictory emotional extremes which never feel indulgent. Wetton's manic, appropriate vocals add to the visceral power of the music and give &quot;Fallen angel&quot; and &quot;One more..&quot; a warped, somewhat alien quality. The album-opening, 6-minute title track is a little straightforward for KC's circumstances; the song became a concert favorite for the band and provided a sort of blueprint for &quot;VROOOM&quot; and other recent KC songs. &quot;Fallen angel&quot; is more interesting, opening with ominous drones which flow into a mellow, comfortable soundscapes with soft guitar lines and laid-back drumming. The lyrics tell something about the darker sides of New York City, with Wetton singing, &quot;Tears of joy at the birth of a brother..&quot;. Strangely enough, the subject matter reminds me a bit of Elvis Presley's &quot;In the ghetto&quot;. The song does, however, become much more powerful during the first chorus and begins to live up to its title. Finally, the band does fully fire up on &quot;One more red nightmare&quot;. Fripp starts the song with massive, monolithic guitar riffs which crush any positive vibes within a matter of seconds, and Bruford smashes his drums with an metallic undertone and more aggression than you've ever expected. Wetton's half-choked, paranoid singing makes it even more claustrophobic. However, KC know exactly what they are doing; the song never spins out of control and there's also a long saxophone solo and some melodic interludes by Fripp. Compared to the album's first three songs, &quot;Providence&quot; is a let-down, a track which bears resemblance to the pieces on &quot;Starless and bible black&quot;: More than four minutes of rather aimless violin improvisation and guitar feedback before the band comes in, it does also ruin the cohesion of &quot;Red&quot; and prevents me from a five-star rating. The album closes with the 12-minute &quot;Starless&quot;. This song opens with tasty, romantic string arrangements but does really not hint at the guitar ferocity that comes later in the song - another document of the album's unpredictability. Apart from a rather noodly Fripp solo in the middle section, &quot;Starless&quot; is an excellent song. During the last two minutes it paints a vivid picture of a big drama or accident, ending this near-perfect album on a note which leaves a lasting impression. In conclusion, despite the album's intensity and emotional rollercoaster, the song material and the lyrics may seem somewhat unsophisticated and simple to fans of KC's earlier material. But KC have never been as emotionally direct and engaging as on &quot;Red&quot;, making this one of the most rewarding records in their oeuvre.rds in their oeuvre.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Let me tell you that Amazon is a great place to buy music.  But, come one, my wife went to Wal-Mart and bought this CD for $9.89.  Yes, $9.89.  You make the choice where you want to buy this one.
B00000IAU3|3.0|I bought the Dido song on the strength of the single &quot;Here With Me&quot;.  I still like that song a lot, and I think her voice is very nice, although a bit too smooth.  The music is fine as well.  The thing that annoys me about the disc is her lyrics.  Almost every song is her whining over some man who has left her.  Its one long self-vicitimization with very few clever lines, and I found it getting old quite fast.
B00004XPOZ|5.0|What else is there to say about the Star Wars Trilogy? It defined what sci-fi movies were, if that. I've been a fan of Star Wars ever since I was 4 or 5 years old, when I saw Return of the Jedi on TV. And even though The Phantom Menace may have somewhat been a fluke, you still have to admit that it's a good movie as well. But The Phantom Menace doesn't compare at all to the original trilogy. My favorite movie out of the trilogy, by far, is The Empire Strikes Back. The darker tone to it makes it much better than A New Hope and Return of the Jedi. Also, I think it's got the best acting, as well as best character developments.<br />     When the trilogy was rereleased back in 1997, my mom bought the pan and scan version when I wanted the widescreen version, but I was fine with pan and scan. After about a year, I wanted the widescreen version desperately, but it went out of print. Therefore, I was left with my crummy pan and scan. But now, thanks to the almighty God George Lucas, I can watch the original trilogy the way it was in theaters, not to mention the Episode II preview at the beginning, which I can't to watch.<br />     Even if you have 3 different copies of the trilogy, go ahead and buy this version, especially with the Ep. II intro. Thank you ever so much for making these brilliant movies, Mr. Lucas, keep it up!
B0000542DG|5.0|This movie is the best I've seen all year!  I saw it over at a friends house with the lights off and we had to turn them on, it was that scary.  It's a must see.
6300214044|5.0|The Elephant Man is a movie so emotionally draining you only watch it something like once in five years, if that.  On top of brilliant filmmkaing, you know the story is also true. Anthony Hopkins is top billed as a doctor who discovers John Merrick, a man so horribly disfigured by disease he is nearly unrecognisable as a human, and called The Elephant Man.  Hopkins delivers an excellent performance. John Hurt plays Mr. Merrick.  He isn't recognisable, as he's under layers of makeup that make him The Elephant Man(ive seen a picture of Merrick, and the movie has Mr. Hurt looking just like him) but I don't know if anyone else could've played the role as well.  Very moving. David Lynch(director) tacles his first full length picture with this amazing movie.  His last short, Eraserhead, got him the job.  There just arent enough stories like that of John Merrick, so I don't know that Lynch can get so close to his calling again, though he does a damn good job anyway(Blue Velvet, Twin Peaks, Wild At Heart, Strait Story, Lost Highway).  Amazing job.
6304493681|5.0|Ok ill make this short. If you like anime  this is a must for your collection!This is probrably the best anime movie ive ever seen!
B00004ZB9D|5.0|AFTER LISTENING TO MOST OF HIS SONGS, I JUST SIMPLI HAVE FALLEN IN LOVE WITH THE WHOLE ALBUM!! I THINK THAT THIS GUY HAS A GREAT VOICE, AND THE WORDS OF THE SOMGS HE  SINGS ARE GREAT THEY JUST GET INTO U!!:)
B000002AP1|4.0|The title says it all. How do I describe this album? Maybe a leather boot stomping on the human face( Yeah like the Orwell quote ). You really have to be up for noise when listening to this unleash of mayhem. Everytime I put this record on my eyes water and I probobly loose my hearing slowly. The first time I put this album on, I cried and turned it off. Personally I'll go with the other Stooges album because it's rock that's listenable but when I'm in the mood for screaming and violent rock then there is nothing better then puting this baby in at full blast when the Mr and Mrs. leave the house. &quot;Search And Destroy&quot; is a punk classic and well worth owning this album just for it. All the tracks go with the formula of loud noisy distorted rock with Iggy Pop's howling screaming whining vocals which make the hair on my arms pop up. Even if you can't stand listening to the album, any music collector should have this album in their collection just for its history. A punk classic indeed.
0684867621|5.0|then you'll really enjoy &quot;The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon&quot;.  Stephen King, as usual, opens up your imagination...you can picture every move the girl is making as she gets herself lost deeper and deeper into the woods.  Getting lost in the woods while hiking is a real danger, which gives this book it's edge.
078322608X|5.0|12 MONKEYS is one of my favorite films.  It features one of Bruce Willis' best performances.  And, most importantly, it moves me every time I see it.  The last few minutes (which I will not reveal here!) are the culmination of hints dropped throughout the film -- a reaccuring dream that Willis' character has.  The end is beautiful and sad all at once.<br />Terry Gilliam (who provides wonderful narration on the bonus DVD audio track) has worked his magic on the film.  His usual themes of madness are back, this time embodied by Brad Pitt and Bruce Willis.  Both give excellent performances.  Madeleine Stowe is wonderful as well.<br />The film deals with time travel.  Willis must glean clues from Earth's past in order to figure out when a deadly virus was released -- a virus which left the Earth decimated and sent its inhabitants underground.  The film unfolds like a wonderful jigsaw puzzle.  It is definitely a brain-tickler (my favorite kind of sci-fi!).<br />Watch 12 MONKEYS!  There are no space ships or shoot-outs.  You will find, however, a wonderful film about love and memories.  And some pretty cool sci-fi ideas too!
0553106635|5.0|That clich is the most accurate description of this fantasy epic: \\"A Song of Fire and Ice\\".   When I finished \\"Game of Thrones \\" I foolishly thought I had a clear view of who was the Good and who was the Bad. After \\"Clash of Kings\\", I again grew bold enough to make that judgement call. Now I've finished \\"Storm of Swords&quot;,and Martin has shown me he's the master and this pupil better not chose sides.           Its easy to tell who the Ugly are; freaks, dwarves, undead, the scarred, the drunken, and the craven, but whose side are they on? (Don't think the handsome ones can stay out of those ranks either, not with the \\"Bloody Mummers\\" or \\"The Mountain Who Rides\\" roaming the countryside.)     This epic power struggle could just as well have happened in medieval times. (That is, if the dead could walk, the seasons last for years and prehistoric mammals would've survived.)      While the list of characters seems endless, each one is believable and intriguing and in each chapter, they take turns showing you this tale through their eyes.    Trust no one, because the most noble can fall to shame and the most despicable can become selfless.    Most of all, be warned. George R.R. Martin has no mercy. At any given moment, anyone and I do mean anyone, can die.
0767802659|5.0|STARSHIP TROOPERS is high on my list of excellent sci-fi films.  Man battles Bug!  It is so rare when special effects, story, and sci-fi elements come together -- usually a film relies too much on one and is not balanced by the others.<br />TROOPERS is also a wickedly funny film.  Hats off to director Verhoeven for his twisted sense of humor.  The killings that happen during the coarse of the film are lightened by this humor.  I howled when a dead space-body bounced off a starship's cockpit window.  Verhoeven also drops in hilarious &quot;Public Service Announcements&quot; throughout the film -- my favorite features some twisted kids taking pleasure in squashing cockroaches on the pavement.  Hilarious.<br />The film does not take itself too seriously.  The actors are appropriately heroic and attractive.  It's almost like the SAVED BY THE BELL cast went into the SPACE ACADEMY!<br />The effects (LOTS of bugs killing LOTS of troopers) are very cool.  The sound effects are wonderful on the DVD!<br />All-in-all, STARSHIP TROOPERS is a wild sci-fi ride, done very well, with some humor to push it along.
B00004RFDW|5.0|The Insider is a first rate movie with great performances from Al Pacino and Russell Crowe. The movie is about the man who blew the whistle on the Tobacco industry. It makes for a gripping tale in which justice prevails. It most definitely features as one of my personal favorites. I generaly only dont't watch movies a second time but this one has had repeated viewings.
B00003CXFG|2.0|Ohmigod!  Our ship has been blown off course, a fact only discovered as it re-enters the atmosphere of a mysterious barren planet.  Fortunately (the special effects budget not stretching to spacesuits) the planet has a breathable atmosphere, especially after knocking back a couple of bottles of vintage claret supplied by the ship's oddball!<br />Golly!  The planet has a secret!  It hides an alien force of astonishingly obviously computer generated animals with big teeth.  They are merciless.  Everyone dies except for a couple of people who escape.  That's about it.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The Beatles \\"1\\" CD is an excellent single CD compilation of the number one singles of the Beatles. The enclosed booklet of the singles sleeves from around the world is a remarkable new addition to the Beatles discography and is worth buying just for that. There are picture sleeves from the US, UK, France, Japan, Spain, and other countries. We forget that the Beatles were a global phenomenon. This CD shows their global impact. The CD is number one on 19 charts in 19 different countries, all the countries that have album charts. This is a phenomenal achievement even for the Beatles, who have accomplished so much in their careers. These global sales also show the power of the Beatles as artists. Thirty years after they broke up, they can still dominate the charts. Garth Brooks learned the hard way in 1995 not to release any material that goes up against the Beatles. The Beatles destroyed Garth Brook's CD which never got to number one but stayed at number two. Since then, Brook's career has gone south while the Beatles roll on. You can't hype a bad product. The proof is in the pudding. Once a customer is dissatisfied, that customer cannot be sold again ever. It is a tribute to the Beatles that even with songs that almost everybody already knows and already owns, they can create a buying frenzy and go number one in virtually every country on the planet. Who else can do that? Garth Brooks found out the hard way. But anybody could have told him.     How good is the CD? The sound quality is excellent, especially on the early records. Digital remastering has brought the singles back to life. When I listened to the CD for the first time, it was like hearing the original 45s all over again. All the excitement and euphoria and energy of the original singles was there. I prefer the original Capitol reverb sound of \\"I Feel Fine\\" with the metallic-cymbals bleeding and distortion and overload. The \\"cleaned up\\" version loses some of the power of the original. \\"Day Tripper\\" was fixedup a bit with the right channel \\"drop out\\" being restored near the end of the song. In short, the sound quality is excellent.     This is a must-own CD. This CD has one of the greatest songs ever written, \\"Yesterday\\", and \\"Hey Jude\\", the top single of 1968 and one of the top chart singles of the 1960s. Buy it just for that alone. But you get the \\"Come Together\\"/\\"Something\\" single, \\"All You Need is Love\\", \\"Yellow Submarine/Eleanor Rigby\\", and the US Tollie 45 version of \\"Love Me Do\\". These are the songs that changed a generation. Does the concept of a number one singles album work? After all, in 1982, Capitol released the Beatles \\"20\\" album which contained the 20 no.1 singles in the US. This album only did so-so. This new CD, however, presents a comprehensive look at their number ones both in the US and UK, taking advantage of the CD format which has more space, and which is released at a time when such a retrospective is needed. So the concept is an excellent one and it works. Who can go to the Past Masters albums and then the other albums, etc., to get all the records on the CD? This CD fills a void in the Beatles discography. The Beatles were album artists to be sure, but they were also singles or 45 artists. Every four months the Beatles released a single like clockwork. So singles loom large in the legend of the Beatles. The albums were one dimension; singles were the other. Both aspects present the complete picture. Now we see why the Beatles were so influential. They were album artists and they were singles artists. They had their cake and ate it too. It took genius to realize that, which the Beatles had. It is OK to be album artists, but you need singles too. Musicians of today have forgotten that.         At any rate, this is a remarkable CD. In my opinion, any fan of music should dish out the bucks to own this one. This CD is essential. It is the one to take on a desert island. It is the Mona Lisa of music. It is our generation's Beethoven symphonies. It is a must-own. I highly recommend this CD to anyone who appreciates art.
B00000IAU3|2.0|First of all, don't get me wrong... I think Dido has a wonderful voice, she clearly has talent.  However, after listening to her CD a couple of times I began to notice that her lyrics are kind of cheesy and stupid.  The fact that she doesn't write any of her own music was very apparent, and she sounded emotionally flat to me. Dido music is like a bright shiny apple that's rotten all the way to the core. It's music with no soul.  Try Ani Difranco, Fiona Apple, or Tori Amos instead... they actually feel what they're singing.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Boffo! Best jazz release since Sarah Vaughn. Diana's Why should I care is a haunting voice to remember.
0679720200|4.0|In &quot;The Stranger&quot;, Camus develops moves further away from earlier works, in which he himself was too involved in the story. His newfound literary &quot;distance&quot; moves his writing towards the level of his later works, though still mired in a &quot;nihilistic&quot; indolence that characterized his earlier philosophy. The book is written without reference to cognitive states, thoughts, but speaks through its prime symbols, the sea, the sun, and death. In Camus' &quot;A Happy Death&quot;, the main character is named &quot;Mersault&quot;-- reminiscient of the sea, like Marie's hair, and where many of the important events in &quot;The Stranger&quot; take place. However, Camus decided not to publish &quot;A Happy Death&quot; and changed his characters name to &quot;Meursault&quot;--'meurs' being the imperative of the french 'mourir'-- 'to die'. Death itself becomes a central and recurrent theme, the book beginning with one of the most famous lines in modern literature: &quot;Mother died today&quot;. The Algerian sun plays counterpoint to the human absurdities that continue unabated beneath it: funeral processions, murders. Meursault's only defence is of the sort that 'it was hot outside', thereby tightening the circle of absurdity and the feeling of utter pointlessness which pervades so much of the novel. Camus moved on to other and more poignant themes, such as human solidarity, in his later works, but &quot;The Stranger&quot; stands as the expression of an entire country's sense of helplessness during and after the anti-climax of the second World War, and further, as an authentic and original expression of an author's convictions through the medium of literature as can be found anywhere.
B0000542DG|5.0|This is my favorite movie. I was suprised with the suspence of this movie. It has a devious plot. The subject basicly is that death is tring to kill them because they got off a doomed plane. The actors/actresses were well chosen for their parts. This is a very scary movie.
B0000009RX|5.0|Die-hard Zappa fans, being the fanatical lot they are, would probably kill me for speaking such blasphemous words, but let me say this: if the guy had dropped dead roughly 23 years previous to when he actually did (that'd make the point of exit around 1970) he'd have left an unbeatable musical legacy of some of the best albums of all time. Unfortunately he stuck around and also left 2 decades worth of unlistenable prog-jazz records &quot;spiced&quot; up with 3rd-grade toilet humour for &quot;comic relief&quot;. I'll leave those discs to the die-hards. Myself, however, can't go past those early Mothers of Invention discs, and this is the best of the lot. Everyone else reviewing this has already done the track-by-track rundown, so I'll simply add that this is one of the nastiest, funniest and most perceptive rock'n'roll discs made in the last 40 years, and is an excellent mix of '60s garage rock, psychedelia and more &quot;way-out&quot; sounds (check out the Varese-inspired last track). Forget about Zappa's 3-LP boxed sets of guitar-wank, fans of true strangeness a la the Residents, Faust, Nurse With Wound, etc. should start here.
B000023VR6|5.0|I think this is the best Hip Hop cd ever. Dre is my favourite producer and this album is a classic of the genre. All tracks are cool,songs like &quot;Still D.R.E.&quot;,&quot;Forgot About Dre&quot;,&quot;What's the difference&quot; are only some examples. This cd will pump in my stereo for a long time again..
B00003CXE7|1.0|The movie Gladiator was a very good movie; right up to the last 20 minutes.  Director Ridley Scott did a very good job at making a Rome, let's not take anything away from him.  But I must say that I didn't like the ending.  I like history, and I do not like how Hollywood is re-wrirting history.  First &quot;The Patriot&quot;, and now this.  When people come out of the theater, they really think that Commodus was killed by a slave, general then slave sorry.  Hollywood is filling people's, espically kid's, minds with flase information that they think is true.  I mean, come on, where were the historacal adviors in these movies?
0316779237|5.0|David Sedaris' &quot;Holidays On Ice&quot; has become the gift of choice for several of my friends this year.  His smartass writings are full of vivid imagery, and his characters have a real feel to them.  I love to flip through a book while in a bookstore, and have it make me laugh within the first few seconds. This book easily accomplished that.  Never cruel, his matter-of-fact statements easily dulled the shine of plastic Christmas', but I still appreciated the wit and wisdom he offered in this work.  Although I was unfamiliar with his work until this book, I have already ordered his other two books, and look forward to reading them on a cold night in front of a warm fire.
B000002KBU|5.0|Joni Mitchell touches us in a way that is not always comfortable, but she really does connect.  Who hasn't ever felt... &quot;I wish I had a river I could skate away on&quot;... not a comfortable feeling but a very real one.  With the barest of musical instrumentation, Joni Mitchell produces such powerful music... remarkable what a delcimer, a magnificent voice, and gripping, brilliant lyrics produces in this &quot;must own&quot; piece of work.
0440236304|5.0|Currahee! (a battle cry) covers a paratrooper's training and 7 days of intense combat in the Normandy invasion. The battle starts by parachuting from a plane a couple hundred feet off the ground, barely high enough for the parachute to open (many others' did not open in time). Dropped about 12 miles from the intended location, the paratroopers gathered in small groups and moved towards the sound of battle. Often with no officers present, they launched themselves at superior forces. This is a fast paced book, with very graphic descriptions of submachine gun and grendade fighting - a great eye-witness account.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Hands down, the best animated film of all time, period. If you require more to purchase this film, I will endulge you. Miyazake, director of flics such as totoro, has branched away from &quot;kiddy-flics&quot;. While nearly all humans above 8 should view this picture, there are moments of gore. However, this is not traditional sex/monster anime, this is an epic anime superior to Star Wars, and of the same genre.<br />All hand animated, simply brilliant story telling, and incredible production value. I have only seen the Japanese version, and do not intend to watch any version with english. I do NOT speak Japanese...BUT the power of this tale requires NO verbal language. I PRAY this DVD has Japanese with english subtitles, as any other version will simply not do.<br />One can not express the power of such masterpieces, they must be viewed. If you enjoyed Star Wars, Akira, or Ghost in the Shell, you are betraying yourself not to buy this film. It certainly will have a cozy seat on my shelf, as it is the ONLY dvd I have purchased!
B00004Z1MN|5.0|Few movies can truly touch an emotional cord in one's life...especially one involving the relationship between a father and a son.<br />Frequency is not only a movie that explores a deep emotional relationship between a father and son, but suprisingly it is a movie that contains an action packed plot that will keep you on the edge of your seat.<br />I not only highly recommend this movie to all who all willing to watch, but even more so I suggest that fathers and sons watch it together.  Doing so can truly foster an unforgettable emotional experience between the two.<br />It did for me...
B00003CX8I|5.0|I didn't expect much from this movie, but I read the X-Men comic books as a kid and thought I'd give it a try.  I was very impresed by the movie, the director and producers took on the movie to be a real movie and not just for kids.  All of the popular X-Men mutants are represented and they all show their unique abilities with some of the best special effects ever seen in a movie.  Highly entertaining for all people of any age, A+!
0679879269|3.0|The three books are well written, exciting, keeping you on the edge of your seat. I read them and enjoyed them.   However, if you are a Christian, in my opinion, it is a church bashing book. I was disturbed with the concepts of God is dead, and the church is evil,and we were lied to.  I felt that Mr. Pullman did not have to get into his philosphy to such an extent to make the book a success.  In my opinion,if you have young Christian minds, I would not let them read this.
0486407217|5.0|A must have book for anyone interested in Late Victorian clothing.  The introductions gives a basic review of drafting methods, with careful reading and patience (lots of it!) the patterns are easily drafted to modern measurements.  You can't beat the price for the number of patterns you get.
B000050XEI|5.0|This CD was well worth the five year wait, although I hope it doesn't take that long for another CD to come out from Enya.  The songs from this one are as incredible as always, and the melodies stick in your head all day.  My favorite song on the CD is &quot;Wild Child&quot; - which is what inspiration would sound like if translated into music.  My only gripe with this CD is that I wish it were longer - you can't get enough Enya!
630281474X|5.0|&quot;Horror of Dracula&quot; is the film that started it all for Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing in 1958.  I do not think there is much doubt that this is the best of the Hammer films, and certainly Terence Fisher's best work as a director.  For that matter, this is Lee's best performance as the Count, obviously more in keeping with Stoker's original version than the most feral beast he becomes in later Hammer films.  The acting, the production values, everything is much better in this film than anything the studio produced in its wake.  I would not say it is the most accurate adaptation of Stoker's original novel, but it certainly has more of the spirit than most.
B000001FDQ|5.0|Few people today think that the electric guitar can be expanded beyond what has already been accomplished.  But back in 1984, the possibilities seemed endless with the guitar onslaught that was just on the horizon.  Lots of young guitar players were widdling their fingers to the bone trying to emulate the two-handed fretboard tapping of Eddie Van Halen...soon that wouldn't seem so hard.   Straight off his stint with Steeler and still playing in Alcatrazz with the legendary Graham Bonnett, came Yngwie J. Malmsteen and his brand new solo project Rising Force.  This (Yngwie's only grammy nominated work) showcased the guitarist like nothing had yet...or sadly, since for that matter.  But hey, who could really top this classic?   The power ballad &quot;Black Star&quot; starts us off with searing melodies and off the wall speed playing, or, as we came to call it, for better or worse, SHREDDING!!  The revolution started here!  This record truly does put the guitar on a silver platter and shows off Yngwie's brand of (then newly coined as well) neo-classical rock.  &quot;Far Beyond The Sun&quot;, probably his overall best song, is chock full of death defying scale runs and sweep arpeggios and feature some very classic themes and variations that we all came to love from this guy.  Those two songs really form the basis of the Malmsteen style.   Enter singer Jeff Scott Soto for the medieval rock of &quot;Now You Ships Are Burned&quot;.  &quot;Evil Eye&quot; features hard groove and lots of cool breaks, twists, and turns.  &quot;Icarus' Dream Suite Opus 4&quot; is many a guitar fan's favorite and totally captures Yngwie's depth, feel and touch on the instrument.  But this whole album does!  Scott Soto returns one more time for &quot;As Above, So Below&quot;...we groove HARD on &quot;Little Savage&quot;...then Yngwie puts us down for the night with the moody and beautiful &quot;Farewell&quot;.   Also of important note is the guitar tone on this record which is so raw and pure...could a Fender Strat and Marshall amp really sound like that?  With Yngwie at the helm, all was, and still is possible.   Kudos also to Jens Johansson who played some of the best rock keyboards ever and acted as a great foil soloist to Yngwie's Evel Kenivel style Bach and Roll.  Classic style drummong from Barremore Barlow and superb bass plaing from Yngwie!   If you are a fan of guitar, guitar playing, or just real good music in general, I highly recommend this album.  It started a virtual revolution in technique, style and overall guitar know-how.  Yngwie fanned the flames of over-the-top guitar in the Reagan 80's and, although he was shunned in the early 90's by the same folks who made him a guitar god, with YNGWIE J. MALMSTEEN'S RISING FORCE, the legend would never die.
0375703764|5.0|Being midway through my career as an English and Philosophy double major at a small private, undergraduate college, I am always on the lookout for literature that is at the cutting edge of its field.  I feel no shame in stating that I am wont to wandering through bookstores and picking out, at random, those books whose covers catch my eye.  I don't always purchase them as a result of this, but I always give them a look through, flip the pages, see what there is to see.  When I came across House of Leaves, I was at first wary.  &quot;A family that discover their house is bigger on the inside...&quot;  was certainly a description to catch the eye, but could I really handle the &quot;upside down&quot; footnotes?  The scattered pages?  It made me nervous so I put it back down and walked away.  But the book haunted me even before I picked it up, and some time later I returned and bought a copy.<br /> The exposition of the novel is good, but didn't draw me in as I wanted it to and so at first I was disappointed, thinking that once again the synopsis of the book would be better than the read itself.  Curiousity forced me to persist, however, and several dozen pages into it I found that I could not put it down.  I was often so anxious to find out what happened next that I would begin to skim pages, only to force myself to slow down and go back to absorb them properly.<br /> Danielewski's end result is a fast-paced, clever invention that haunts  me even months after I've closed it.  It's one of those books that I feel I must always take with me, and guard because the words therein are precious and must be protected from those who do not understand, or appreciate.  Truly a stunning read, but not for the faint of heart, and not for those who aren't willing to put a little effort into their reading.<br /> This book requires a strict appreciation for literary experimentation.  If you're a writer, as I am, it's the kind of book you always wished you'd had the guts to put on paper.  Brava, Mr. Danielewski, brava.on paper.  Brava, Mr. Danielewski, brava.
B00004WG28|5.0|If you are interested in this movie for the historical content, go away.  If you want to see it because you want to learn about Thailand in the 1800's, go away.  If you love a beautiful romance with stunning costumes and scenery, read on.<br />Anna and the King is the third movie to be released about the life of Anna Leonowens, a British governess in Thailand (then Siam).  All three of the movies disregard history completely, and for a good reason - the actual story is not all that interesting and wouldn't make for a very good movie.  Instead, this movie is a beautiful, moving romance that never occured, but definitely worth watching as a piece of fiction.  The other two movies just don't compare.  It is a long movie, almost 2 and 1/2 hours, and I haven't gotten bored or impatient even the 7th time watching it.  All of you hopeless romantics, you must get your hands on this movie!
B00004XONN|1.0|I love radiohead, always have, but i was GREATLY disappointed with this album. Its so BORING! I dont even want to compare it with ok computer, or even the bends. Whats with the synthesizer? I can understand it being on a couple of tracks, but damn not the whole album. Where are the guitars? Wheres the edge? This is not the same band that gave us &quot;creep&quot; &quot;paranoid android&quot; and &quot;lucky the tourist&quot; Im not asking for much, just a little to keep me awake. Believe me, I tried my hardest to like this album. I really did. But it never happened. This is the type of album that would make perfect elevator music. If you must buy it, at least listen to it first. I wish I would have.
B00004SCX6|5.0|The only reason I gave this 5 stars is because she is so hot and I bet every other guy who has that thinks the same thing.  But for the music I would give it 4 stars
B00004Z400|5.0|I must admit I never really listened to the deftones until I heard &quot;change&quot; on the radio. I had heard of them, but I never really bothered to listen to any of their songs. My Bad. I see what I was missing. This is a really cool album. Although the video (...),  &quot;Back to school&quot; is in my head 24/7. Im going to buy all their old albums. I bought every deftones shirt i could find. Nuff said.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I'll admit I'm a johnny-come-lately Metallica fan. This is the album that got me hooked on the band. I can only describe the sound here as &quot;BIG.&quot; You might think adding a classical orchestra would soften the edge of Metallica's music, but it only fills up the sound. This fullness gives these versions an edge over the originals. Also improved are James' and Kirk's guitar chops. Listen to the guitar solo finale of &quot;One&quot; here and then listen to the original version. You'll see what I mean. Particularly of note on this album are &quot;The Call of the Ktulu&quot; (It blends orchestra and band better than any other track), the new &quot;No Leaf Clover,&quot; &quot;One&quot; (a true epic in every sense), and &quot;Battery&quot; (note especially the beginning--going from straight classical strings to the hardest metal on the album).
6304806418|2.0|I enjoy the music from Evita very much, but the movie gets really boring aftet the first 1/2 hour. It is well cast, but the things like the sung dialouge really are a hurt to this could be good moive. Actually this is probably and excellent adaptation of the stage show to the screen. The show isnt that good anyway.
B000002UAU|5.0|One of three LP/CDs by the Beatles among my all-time top ten, along with &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; and &quot;Revolver&quot;. Though not my personal favorite, this recording is essential in any collection of pop/rock recordings. It has been, since its release, a standard by which others are measured. It also marks the high-water mark of the Beatles creativity as a band. After &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot; came a directionless time during which the &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; and &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; records were released, followed by the period the band's breakdown, as chronicled in the &quot;White Album&quot;, &quot;Let It Be&quot; and &quot;Abbey Road&quot;. Though these latter efforts contained plenty of great music, it was clear that the Beatles were increasingly unable to function together as a unit. Individual tracks almost always spotlighted one of the band members while the others worked essentially as a backing group.<br />During a recent TV special, it wa said that, during the time the Beatles were in the studio making &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot;, there was a lot of doubt about what they would come out with and many fans were giving up on them. As someone who was around at the time, I certainly don't remember much of that. Of course, the Beatles always had a few doubters and detractors, but most of us were looking forward to their next record. Stories of how much time and effort were going into it only fueled our anticipation. It was like the release of the fourth Harry Potter book when &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot; finally came out. Some stores opened early and huge numbers were sold the first day of it's release. I bought a copy that day like many others. Nor was I disappointed. Since then, I have spent many hours listening to &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot; and I expect I'll spend many more.<br />To appreciate the significance of &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot; you have to understand the pivotal place of the Beatles in the culture of the time. Quite simply, they changed everything. Before the Beatles, the primary medium of pop/rock music was the 45 rpm single. The Beatles released a flood of good quality songs, many original, so that &quot;albums&quot; became more than just a couple of hit singles packaged with a bunch of throwaway tracks. All of the tracks were good and people began to buy albums because it was the best way to get all the music. &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot; took this a step further by making the album a more unified whole. It elevated pop/rock music to the level of art, implying an expressiveness and timelessness beyond anything rock had previously aspired to. But the impact of the Beatles went far beyond music. It entered into fashion, modes of behavior, and popular attitudes in a variety of areas. We were even fed a constant stream of news reports about what the Beatles were doing from day to day or week to week. London became, for a time, THE cultural center of the world.<br />&quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot; itself has a timeless quality. Songs such as With A Little Help From My Friends, Getting Better, Within You Without You, When I'm Sixty-four and others have themes that people can relate to just as well today as when they were first released. Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds and A Day In The Life, while perhaps mored dated lyrically, are among the most interesting pieces in other respects.<br />For those of us who were around and listening when &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot; came out, it is more than just a record or CD. It marks the peak of a time of incredible energy and change. The decline and dissolution of the Beatles is something many of us still feel in a very personal way. Even today, we mourn the end of the Beatles and the death of John Lennon. Those events represent the passing and final end of something we treasured.<br />&quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot; is a great record by a great band. Even more, it is a central landmark of its period and of its genre. If you think you like rock music, but you don't have a copy of &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot;, sorry but you've missed it. Get a copy. You can't really appreciate the Beatles without it. Definitely a favorite of mine, and I expect it will be a favorite of yours, too.ave a copy of &quot;Sgt. Pepper...&quot;, sorry but you've missed it. Get a copy. You can't really appreciate the Beatles without it. Definitely a favorite of mine, and I expect it will be a favorite of yours, too.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I love it.  A-ha keeps up with today's pop/electronica music without losing their original flavor.  The single, Minor Earth Major Sky first came out on vinyl as a dance remix album.  When I first heard the single I couldn't believe that it was A-ha--I thought how do these old guys know so much about how to make a great house/dance track, anyway?  When I heard the full album, I was blown away by how good this album was.  I was really never a &quot;A-ha&quot; fan to begin with.  I liked &quot;take on me,&quot; when it came out.  But, it's outdated, overplayed and got butchered as a techno version.  It sounded better back in the 80s. Minor Earth, Major Sky on the other hand, pleasantly surprised me.  The album is suitable for the younger generation, electronica and trance fans as well as the older fans who like A-ha from the 80s.  Drum synths, loops and keyboards are used in the back ground making it sound &quot;modern, electronica.&quot; Several tunes sounds so rich and orchestrated it moves you.  The vocals are beautiful and the ballads are so moving you just get so into it emotionally.  The album overall is mellow, but is up-beating for the soul.  For modern Euro pop fans and A-ha fans, this is a must have album. If you ever wonder what happened to good old pop music this is it. If you're tired of hearing today's crappy pop music on radio buy this to remind yourself that they are still good musicians out there.
B00004ZD69|5.0|wow, i'm stunned.  I bought their other two discs when I saw them live about a year ago. They played a beautiful set, candles, movies and all. They played one piece there that wasn't on the other records. It had the melody of Amazing Grace, starting softly and then exploding as only Godspeed can. When I heard it on this record, I felt complete once again. This whole record is wonderful, but that is my favorite moment. You just have to hear it. It makes everything else just sound silly.
B000002U8G|5.0|1972's MEDDLE is really the first mature album by Pink Floyd, where they found their niche and their own style. It's a sly, psychadelic album whose six songs form a light and easy series.<br />The first song, &quot;One of These Days&quot; is the hardest song on the album. Its guitar and bass slowly and threatening build up to the infamous voice muttering something about &quot;tear you to pieces.&quot; After that, the song is a wild ride of guitar bends.<br />&quot;A Pillow of Winds&quot; is a slow and quiet song that lives up to its title.<br />After, a little louder, is &quot;Fearless,&quot; the first song on the album in which drums and guitar have equal roles. Plus, it shows the blues-rock origins of the band well.<br />The two next songs are diversions. &quot;San Tropez&quot; is a jazzy kicked-back song that is about the farthest thing from the Pink Floyd that the average person knows. &quot;Seamus&quot; is a bluesy guitar song about a barking dog.<br />Last is the 23-minute epic &quot;Echoes.&quot; It's a sci-fi symphony made up of an orchestral-like first movement, a psychadelic guitar movement, a series of dolphin cries, and finally a return to style of the first movement. This song's scope makes it truly epic and after hearing it one feels as if one has returned from some wonderful journey. It also matches up with the last part (&quot;Jupiter and Beyond the Infinite&quot;) and the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey in a synchronization so obvious there is no doubt it was intentional.<br />MEDDLE might not be the best place to start for anyone wanting to hear Floyd (DSOTM is the ideal starting-place, I believe), but it is one of the band's best albums, and my favourite.
0899662293|5.0|This great novel is very different from the short stories. Here, Holmes and Watson face a mystery in touch with supernatural forces, coming from an old legend about the Baskerville family. And the supernatural is only natural in that environment: the moor. A low land with marshes, dark and wild. Also here, Watson is portrayed as a brave man, intelligent and daring. They work on the investigation separately for a good part of the book, until, of course, they get the bad guy and uncover the motives and methods of the criminal. The best of this book is not so much the plot -which is very good- but the mood, the ambience in which the whole tale unfolds is just great. I will stop here because this is the kind of book one should not spoil by revealing parts of the plot. Just read it.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Human Clay is da bomb! With Scott Stapp's wonderful vocals and great musicains,Human Clay is a masterpiece. Song like &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; and &quot;Higher&quot; are so good they give me the chills. It's a great LP with great lyrics and good music. Creed is out to be the next Pearl Jam or even bigger. GO GET HUMAN CLAY!
B00003CXE6|5.0|This is the best movie i have ever seen and if you didn't see it yet, you need to! trust me....once you see how hot Russell Crowe looks, you won't even stop watching it!
B00004Z459|5.0|I heard the song &quot;One step closer&quot; on the radio and I had to buy the CD. This CD is one of those ones where you do not have to press the skip button because every song on it is good. I love the lead singers voice and Linkin Park is now one of my favorite bands!!!
B0000029AL|5.0|The only complaint I have of this CD is the production, but this is an extremely negligible complaint considering how incredible the songs are. Of course there's Dream On, the original power ballad. Without this song, we wouldn't have November Rain, Love Bites or any of the other great power ballads. If you've never listened to the lyrics of Dream On, then you're missing some of the most powerful, insightful and meaningful words in rock. The next best song is Mama Kin, which has an insanely catchy opening riff and a killer beat. Every other song is great, especially One Way Street, a bluesy number that's great to sing along to in the car. Every other song is a staple of hard, blues rock. Do yourself a favor and pick this CD up, but not at the expense of Rocks or Toys In The Attic.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Strange things happen in life; random occurrences sometimes so bizarre that the reality of it is often stranger than fiction, things one would say could only happen in a movie, and if they did, you wouldn't believe it.  But then again, maybe those things happen in movies because they actually do happen in real life.  And when they do, is it fate, or coincidence?  Are these \\"random\\" acts isolated, or merely pieces of some larger, synchronistic puzzle that somehow fit together in the end?  Thought provoking questions for the ages, some would say, proficiently addressed here by writer/director Paul Thomas Anderson in his discursively brilliant film, \\"Magnolia.\\"  Anderson puts the lives of a diverse cross-section of individuals and seemingly unrelated incidents under the microscope for an examination of these random acts and coincidences, from which he ultimately draws some conclusions about providence and happenstance.  What he finds is fraught with irony and underscored by the notion that what happens to one must and does, in fact, effect another sooner or later, for better or worse.  All of which serves to point out that no man stands alone; in the end, bills come due and must be paid.  We must all face the consequences of past decisions and actions, at which time the relevance of the irrefutable symbiotic nature of Man comes so vividly into play, wherein dissimilar individuals may reap the benefits of simply being a part of the community of Humankind.  Or then again, perhaps not.    The story Anderson weaves is fast-paced, sometimes frantic, and thoroughly engrossing, achieving levels of emotional intensity that are at times remarkable.  The quick pacing of the film belies the gradual way the story comes together to form the tangible connections derived from the intricacies of the plot.  It's a dynamic piece of filmmaking, extremely well written and delivered by Anderson and his superb cast.  There are a number of memorable performances here, among them Tom Cruise,who plays Frank T.J. Mackey, a self-styled guru of the \\"men's movement,\\" whose teachings are anathema to feminists everywhere.  It's an intense performance (for which he deservedly received an Oscar nomination), quite unlike anything he's done before, and possibly his best work since \\"Rain Man.\\"  Other notable performances are turned in by William H. Macy, as \\"Quiz Kid Donnie Smith,\\" the once gifted youth who emerges dysfunctional in adulthood, and by John C. Reilly, as Officer Jim Kurring, a caring individual with a truly benevolent nature.  But the most superlative performance of the movie is given by Philip Seymour Hoffman, as a male nurse named Phil Parma.  His sensitive, subtle portrayal of this caretaker to dying man Earl Partridge (Jason Robards), is delivered with nuance and incredible depth, and provides some of the most poignant moments in the film.  While taking nothing away from Cruise, who was outstanding as well, Hoffman is the one who should have been nominated, moreover, should have won, the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor for his work here.  A performance just doesn't get any better-- or more real-- than this, and it is unacceptable that it should not be recognized as such.  Rounding out what is, in essence, an ensemble cast, are Philip Baker Hall (Jimmy Gator), Julianne Moore (Linda Partridge), Melinda Dillon (Rose Gator) and Melora Walters (Claudia Wilson Gator).  One of the best films of 1999, \\"Magnolia\\" conveys a moral without moralizing, is rich in metaphor and altogether captivating, with an ending that may take you aback, if indeed, you haven't been paying close attention (there are at least two clues during the film, admittedly obscure, but there nevertheless).  It is intense, unremittedly so, and may leave you breathless and pondering the mysteries of life; but this is filmmaking at it's best, and especially for avid movie-watchers, one that absolutely must not be missed.
0399146253|1.0|Written by a functional illiterate for functional illiterates, this babe must have relatives at the publishing house; it's the only explanation for chopping down trees to print this tripe. Boring plot, boring characters and bad, bad writing. Cornwall,&quot;you did a bad, bad thing.&quot;
B00004YA66|5.0|This highly imaginative science fiction thriller is an entertaining mind bender of a film.  Toby Emmerich's story takes a fresh approach to the time travel angle.  Rather than having people traveling through time, Emmerich has them communicating through time using a Ham Radio that has been augmented by an Aurora Borealis.  Ok, there aren't many Aurora Borealis events as far south as New York City, but there isn't any trans-time communication noted in the scientific literature either, so we need to allow the story a little latitude.<br />After we accept the premise, this ingenious plot incorporates many different elements to entice the viewer.  There is the human angle of a son speaking to his dead father, the many twists resulting from altering the ribbon of time, and the solving of a thirty-year-old serial murder case.  The various elements are combined effectively by director Gregory Hoblit (Primal Fear, Fallen) to produce a fast paced action thriller with sufficient character development to bind us emotionally to the characters.  The fascinating thing about the detective story is that the facts of the crime keep changing in unexpected ways each time John (James Caviezel) imparts something to his father (Dennis Quaid) that causes him to change history.  In addition, the action sequences are well done and the visual effects, especially the digitized Aurora are nicely rendered.  The aging makeup is also realistic.<br />The acting was excellent as well, though the New York accents were pretty bad.  Dennis Quaid alternated between the goofy and endearing dad and the action hero, and managed to keep it from seeming incongruous.  This was a breakout performance by James Caviezel, who heretofore has been confined to minor roles.  His was a very emotional and tense role and he handled it extremely well.  I was also impressed with Elizabeth Mitchell who gave a vivacious performance as John's mother.<br />I enjoy a good intelligent science fiction thriller.  Lately, sciencefiction has been subsumed into the horror category, since you seldom see a science fiction story that isn't an excuse to hack up some cast members.  This film was more in the tradition of Twilight Zone, relying more on an inventive story than grisly effects to capture the audience.  That's why I rated this film a 9/10.  With luck, this will inspire a return to more creative science fiction.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is a movie that is great to own, because you may have to watch it more than once to understand everything.  It has hours of interesting extras, including a 30-minute HBO 'Making Of' show and a really cool video about Bullet-Time.  I own the DVD and have watched it beginning to end 23 times (No Kidding).  It's a great story and very entertaining....Buy it!
0440219078|4.0|I remember this book very well from when I read it as a child. I advise parents looking for a book for their child to get this one if they are looking for an intellectual, thought-provoking, and captivating story. I recommend that a parent read the book first in order to be able to help your child understand it when they come to you with questions. The book may seem like a pleasant fiction book, but it has much deeper meaning about society. The book is set in a Utopian society (you may need to explain this to your child) where people live orderly and monotonous lives, until one boy is chosen for a special career of being the keeper of memories that existed before the society was created and he learns all that he was missing in life by being &quot;perfect&quot;. The best reading age would probably be 10-15, depending on your child and your assessment of their ability to understand the subject matter. Parents, this is a great opportunity to get your child thinking, but make sure that they understand what they are reading and the message is not wasted!
B00004UEDR|3.0|I liked this movie, I did. Sandra Bullock is radient and fun as a drunk, rotten and grumpy in rehab, and loving and sweet as she starts to &quot;figure it all out.&quot; The movie touches on the seriousness of alcoholism, but allows the comedic aspects to shine through. I would have liked to have seen Gwen's (Bullock) transition fleshed out more-- we get flashbacks instead of actual discovery-- and some of the characters are *too* stereotypical. And while the plotlines are wrapped up predictably, I wouldn't have wanted anything to ruin the good feeling I had that everything would be okay for this woman that I had come to like.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bikzit is by far my favorite band. All 3 of their albums are just awesome. But the new one, &quot;Chocolate Starfish...&quot; is their best work to date. This album has a song for any emotion you're going through. Anger (Full Nelson), heartbreak (It'll Be OK) or just plain fun (Rollin'). Unlike other reviews, saying that the lyrics Fred writes are meaningless, maybe you just didn't understand what he was saying. These lyrics DO have meaning. For example, &quot;It'll Be OK&quot; (My favorite song on the album), he's talking about getting away from someone he really loved and would do anything for after she decides things aren't working out. Or how about &quot;The One,&quot; which is abut finding that special someone. I think just about everyone can relate to that. <br />The music provided by Wes, John, Sam, and DJ Lethal is awesome as well. Of course, we have &quot;Getcha Groove On&quot; and &quot;Rollin'&quot; (Urban Assault Vehical) which are rap songs, but they fit very nicely into the album. Try to purchase this album with the Bonus CD included. It will either have &quot;Snake in Your Face and &quot;Back O Da Bus&quot; (The second is better, but only 1:23 long!) or &quot;It's Like That Y'All&quot; feat Run DMC which is the better of the two but is edited for some reason. In any case, this is a great album that anyone should consider buying.
B00004XOWM|1.0|I know this has been said countless times, but I just feel like driving this very true point in further. Limp Bizkit has no talent. None whatsoever. Fred Durst's &quot;look! I know how to say the F word! isn't that so Fing cool? F this, F that!&quot; Which does only appeal to 10 year old children too heavily influecned by Carson Daily and his homies on MTV. If you want something good then look into Black Sabbath, Godsmack, Red Hot Chili Peppers and even Metallica.
0671578855|4.0|I've been recommending LMB's novels to friends for years--but I wish I could take a blue pencil to &quot;A Civil Campaign&quot; before recommending it. The characters spend inordinate amounts of page space commenting on the action or COMPLIMENTING each other--and every time this happens, it yanks me out of the story and invites me to disagree with them.  I wish the author had left the analyses for the last chapter (as she did so memorably in &quot;Barrayar&quot;; remember Aral's description of Bothari's mind?).  If she had refrained from such action-slowing descriptions as &quot;I've just come from one of the most difficult interviews of my Auditorial career&quot;, the plot would have had all the forward momentum that adrenalin-junkies could wish.<br />Also, the inner monologues of characters other than Miles was frequently clunky.  They slowed down the story more than they illuminated; the readers can draw their own conclusions about the events, without help.  Ivan's &quot;Oh ho's&quot; grated, too.<br />Bujold has written magnificent books previously: her prose is a joy, her characters alert and perceptive. Let's hope that, having slid into some bad habits, she'll rev up some of Miles's forward momentum and leave them in the dust.
0688171664|5.0|I heard of this book 14 or 15 years ago and finally got around to reading it earlier this year. I found it a little too challenging and then shelved it until a couple of weeks ago. This is a deep, deep book, and it took a lot of effort to understand what the author was trying to say. I blame this more on me than the author, and would just like to tell the casual reader to stick with it. I found that towards the end everything came together really well and finally made a lot of sense. I wanted to start over now that I know where it's going, and apparently (judging by the end notes in the book) a lot of other readers feel the same way.<br />So I'd say stick with it, and you'll find it's really a great, great book.
0380730405|4.0|A wonderful romantic story that will make any woman feel better about herself. A shy, self-conscious young girl marries a handsome and rich widower and goes to live at his mansion...great, right? Wrong. She cannot escape the shadow of her new husband's seemingly perfect deceased wife Rebecca. Everything she does seems to be wrong and not how Rebecca would have done it. The narrator overcomes her nagging insecurity to discover what really happened to Rebecca. Du Maurier creates a wonderfully suspenseful environment and uses several opportunites to shock you. This is the first novel I've read in a long time that totally shocks me with it's revalations. I say read it if you like suspense, surprises, and dramatic character shifts.
B00000JPH5|4.0|I remember renting this movie at least ten times when I was a young adult.  I finally purchased the movie and watched it with my children, and I'm proud to say that it has been nicely passed on to the next generation.  As a matter of fact, my kids are watching it again as I type this review.<br />Labryth does more than entertain.  It exercises the mind.  Besides being incredibly enjoyable to watch, the storyline is nice and written in such a way, that it can be followed by viewers of all ages.<br />Sara, played by Jennifer Connelly, is forced to travel through the labrynth to save her brother Toby from the Goblin King, played by David Bowie.  Along the way, she encounters many pitfalls as well as quite a few very interesting creatures.  Having never been a fan of Bowie's music, I am pleased to say that the ones in this film did appear to be appropriate and did not hinder the overall quality of the film.  Actually, the music helped move the story along nicely.<br />The puppets were nothing less then fantastic, and probably the best to ever come out of Jim Henson's studio.  Not only was the detail behind them amazing, but the voices chosen were so appropriate that it gives them a genuine quality to their specific characters.<br />On the whole, the acting was good, although you can definately tell that it was a movie from the 80s.  The storyline was drawn out really well, and the puppets were superb.  I would definately recommend this movie for anyone with children.  It just leaves you feeling good.
B000002UTT|5.0|This is a grest cd! Anyone who is a fan of pop music should buy this cd. The whole cd is great, my favorites are &quot;The Look&quot;, &quot;Dressed For Success&quot;, &quot;Paint&quot;, &quot;Dangerous&quot;, &quot;I Could Never Give You Up&quot;, &quot;Shadow Of A Doubt&quot; and the best song &quot;Listen To Your Heart.&quot; You should also check out their other great cds like &quot;Have A Nice Day&quot;, &quot;Joyride&quot;, &quot;Tourism&quot;, and &quot;Don't Bore Us, Get To The Chorus.&quot;
B00003CX8J|5.0|I was not expecting much from this film, as I have been a dedicated X-Men fan for years and thought that any film wouldn't do justice to the comics or the old Fox t.v. show, but boy was I wrong!  Everything about this movie is perfect!  Not only is it filled with action, but the character development is incredible, the plot is totally believable (unlike those ridiculous Batman films) and at times it is comical and even heart-warming.  Hugh Jackman (Wolverine) is amazing!  He's almost more like Wolverine than the actual comic Wolverine.  His scenes with Rogue (Anna Paquin) are so touching, and some of my favorites of the movie.  Patrick Stewart was *born* to play Professor X and James Mardsen (Cyclops) and Famke Jannsen (Jean Grey) also make the roles their own.  The villians are awesomeas well, even though several of them were not known for their acting abilities before this.  I was so impressed with this film that I saw it five times in the theaters, dragging different friends to it each time.  None of them had known what the X-Men were before then, but after seeing the movie, each of them absolutely LOVED it.  I think that this year, only the movie Gladiator surpassed X-Men in quality.  And the DVD is a wonderful tribute to a wonderful film.  I recommend this to anyone who likes movies, because this is the type of film that can definitely be enjoyed by everyone!
B000051VWW|5.0|I gave this CD 5 stars just because I missed her so much. I've played the CD several times and it's pretty good. It's a comfortable listen and you should buy it just because IT'S SADE PEOPLE!!! Man!!! She's like a tall glass of lemonade on a hot hot day. And I missed her. I must admit that a few of the songs sound the same. But this CD shouldn't be compared to her work of the past because she's grown and changed as she and every artist SHOULD. &quot;Flow&quot;, &quot;King Of Sorrow&quot; and &quot;Somebody already broke my heart&quot; are the classics on this disc. I played it pretty regularly the first week it came out but then Erykah Badu came out and DAMN!! But Sade is Sade and this CD should be in your collection. I will go back to it as soon as I have the strength to remove Erykah from my CD player.  SADE, I love you and I'm glad you're back. It's a beautiful and refreshing work.
6305297525|5.0|This movie affected me to the bottom of my soul.  Anyone who has lost a lover, spouse, or partner, and who knows what a dark, lonely place grief is will identify with this movie.  This is not a comedy (for those of you who come to expect as much from Robin Williams)so DO NOT get this movie if you are looking to laugh a lot!  In fact, this movie made my husband cry, and he's a cop and a Gulf War Vet!  The visual effects are stunning.  It's a great couples movie!
B000002UAO|5.0|This is surely a classic album and one of the best ever. &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; was the first of its kind and I have trouble imagining that anyone could dislike it. &quot;Drive My Car&quot; is a great kick-off song. Then of course, comes &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot;, a great folky tune about John's experiences with a girl (and marijuana, unfortunately). &quot;You Won't See Me&quot;, &quot;Think For Yourself&quot;, &quot;What Goes On&quot;, &quot;Girl&quot; (one of my favourites), &quot;If I Needed Someone&quot;, &quot;Wait&quot;, and the great song at the 'end-uh', &quot;Run For Your Life&quot;, are all great linking songs about simple concepts of love with feel-good, beautiful melodies. And also mixed in there is the clever &quot;Nowhere Man&quot;, &quot;The Word&quot;, complete with good lovin' vibes, &quot;Michelle&quot;, a great song for a French gal, &quot;I'm Looking Through You&quot;, another happy-melodied song that I love, and of course, &quot;In My Life&quot; one of the best songs ever, and another of my favourites. Ringo shines on the album with creative drum parts, George with his riffs and two songwriting contributions, and of course John and Paul, musical geniuses. I just got the album yesterday, but I've listened to each song through and through, and it's already one of the best things I've heard. It's an incredible album by an incredible band. I can't always recommend an album to really everybody, but I surely can with this one. You're missin' out if you don't have it...
B00002ND77|5.0|Hey, I like Kevin Spacey, and God knows I love a good Pacino flick, but Denzel Washington has been straight robbed by the Academy two times. Once for The Hurricane, and more notably for this film, Malcolm X.     I think it's safe to say that Denzel is the preeminent actor of the last 50 years (yes, even beyond Brando, Olivier, and everyone else). He most certainly should have won for Malcolm X. I remember back in 1993... I was flipping through the channels looking for something to watch. I turn on one channel, and it's Malcolm X. It happened to be at the point where Malcolm was giving a news conference, so I thought it was a documentary, I watched for a  minute and turned it off. It wasn't until I flipped back about an hour later and the credits rolled that I saw it was a movie, and Denzel was playing Malcolm X.    That's how good he was. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who wanted free acting lessons... except maybe a Klan member.
0375420525|4.0|Danielewski's book is perhaps overly amibitious.  Besides the debts it owes, as other readers have observed, to David Foster Wallace and Blair Witch, whether intentional or not, it has some flaws which keep it from surpassing the status of an amusing experiment.  Sure, it challenges or at least plays with concepts of narration but not without a price.  Deconstructing his text the way he has distances the reader from the heart of the story--the characters--and makes it difficult to empathize with them, which gradually deflates the initial excitement of the story.  The mystery of the house is not deep enough for protracted suspense and the characters surrounding it, including Zampano and Johnny Truant, are one-dimensional.  Maybe the emotional core of the book was too difficult for Danielewski to approach any more closely than he did.  The chapter on architecture is the obvious crown jewel of the book and gives reason to believe that the author is capable of great things.  Now if he can just add emotional resonance, he may indeed create something outstanding.
078062551X|5.0|This stunningly visual film pays homage to &quot;Blade Runner&quot; and foreshadows aspects of &quot;The Matrix.&quot;  It tells it's story vividly, innovatively and with style. Those who say it's plot is derivative are right to a degree (elements of the storyline echo an early Twilight Zone episode among others), but the look and feel of the movie, coupled with superb performances, makes it all fresh.<br />Some movies are worth renting ... this one is definitely worth owning.
6300216047|5.0|This movie has everything you could ever want:  sex, love, nudity, action, bad acting, and it's set in a futuristic back ground.  It's got something for everyone, also.  For the guys, there is Jane Fonda half naked for about 1/4th of the movie, and for the girls, she changes her outfit about 300 times (not to mention the cute blind angel).  Oh and here's an interesting tidbit for those of you who don't know, this movie is where the band Duran-Duran got there name.  Go out and rent it tonight, I almost gaurentee if you like bad movies you'll love this one.
