0780631153|5.0|This may be one of the greatest films of all times. It was such a great film, that after i saw it, I went out and bougt the script. The movie is about a number of different people and a day or two of all their lives. Now  a lot of you are expecting to see a Tom Cruise film but let me tell you,  Tom isn't in this a lot. But he is fantastic! All the acting and dialogue  is great and with a hilarious surprise ending, Magnolia is definetely a  winner! The subtitles do not make the film any worse.
B00001OH1S|5.0|In today's world of soundtrak's it is becoming a rarity to find a  soundtrak that has a good blend of a musical score, and bands.  The  soundtrak, like the movie, didn't fail to please me, and surprise me, as  this soundtrak turned out to be much better than I thought.  The main  reason I got this soundtrak, which was &quot;Sinnerman&quot; by Nina  Simone, turned out to be my biggest complaint (if you can call it one).   The Sinnerman song is great in the first 3 minutes, and the final 2, but in  between it keeps repeating, but I can live with it.  Bill Conti's score was  very pleasant, and the rest of the songs on this soundtrak were all lively,  and had a romantic feel to it, just like the movie.  This is a must buy for  sure!
0780631153|5.0|This may be one of the greatest films of all times. It was such a great film, that after i saw it, I went out and bougt the script. The movie is about a number of different people and a day or two of all their lives. Now  a lot of you are expecting to see a Tom Cruise film but let me tell you,  Tom isn't in this a lot. But he is fantastic! All the acting and dialogue  is great and with a hilarious surprise ending, Magnolia is definetely a  winner!
052594527X|5.0|&quot;Girl with a Pearl Earring,&quot; by Tracy Chevalier, is a story set in Delft, Holland in the 17th Century.  A lovely sixteen-year-old named Griet, whose family has suffered financial setbacks, is sent to be a  maidservant in the home of the great Dutch painter, Johannes Vermeer.  Griet finds herself drawn to the world of Vermeer--a world of light, color,  beauty and perfect composition.  Griet shows an aptitude for understanding  art and she gradually begins to assist Vermeer in his painting.  Griet's  involvement in Vermeer's art sets the stage for family conflict. (The title  of the novel comes from a Vermeer painting that is known as the Dutch Mona  Lisa because of the enigmatic young woman in the portrait.)  This novel is  a small gem and it is an immensely satisfying work of fiction.  Chevalier  perfectly captures the life of 17th Century Delft, with its sharp religious  and class distinctions, and her nuanced dialogue and descriptive passages  are beautifully textured. In fact, &quot;Girl with a Pearl Earring&quot; is  like a Vermeer portrait. It is expressive, subtle and meaningful. I highly  recommend this book for people who are fascinated by art and who enjoy  historical fiction.
6305897786|5.0|Imagine Polanski directing a hammer horror film.  The result is one of the most entertaining films I've seen for ages.  Rare books, latin chanting, train journeys across europe and a genuine sense of fear at what lurks  outside the frame.  Unbelievably this film actually manages to be scary, if  the illustrations in the book don't give you shivers you're a braver man  than I.  This could also be something to do with the fact that Polanski  revels in giving us an amoral hero (if hero is the word).....things I could  have done without:  Boris Balkan's glasses, Boris Balkan's name, Seigner  flying and that annoying trumpet motif that's vaguely reminiscent of  Ghostbusters....
6304712936|5.0|This is simply the best movie EVER made!  No more words are needed...!
0375707972|2.0|The beginning was beautifully written and sensitive.  After Hanna leaves, the story goes down such a different path that is so disconnected from the beginning which I call the first story.  While I appreciate the message  that the second part of the book was sending, it was like reading a book  written in two parts by two unequally talented authors.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I first heard Dido in the background of Eminem's CD on the song &quot;Stan&quot; at a friends place.  I took a peek at the title to see who it was and found myself listening to &quot;Stan&quot; OVER and OVER and  OVER just to hear her.<br />I finally bought this CD and listened to it  NON-STOP for AT LEAST TWO WEEKS!   It is...by far...the BEST modern music  CD I have EVER purchased!   If it was up to me, I'd have shot the  &quot;Let's win Carlos a Grammy&quot; album (Supernatural) out of the sky  and given this album the best album award.<br />SPECTACULAR voice and GREAT  music.  I've already turned 3 other people on to her just by playing  &quot;Thank You&quot; from her CD.  This music is just GREAT!
0316777722|5.0|Really rare to read a book where you are constantly giggling out loud.  I would read this book in public and draw stares because I couldnt stop myself from laughing out loud.  Sedaris has an incredible Oscar Wilde wit  only matched by his insight into the hilarity of our everyday lives.  It is  a fast read( in fact, I had to force myself to stop reading it, so I  wouldnt finish it too quickly), and worth it!  I am going to go back and  read his other books now..
B00003CWOL|5.0|First of all, I have to say that this movie had me busting a gut!  It was so funny. I know that a lot of people won't find the comedic material humorous, considering the fact that it's about religion. Some Catholics I  know saw this movie and didn't think it was funny at all, and I really  can't say that I blame them. You just cannot take this film too seriously.  In no way do they mean to poke fun at the church, they just say the things  that everyone has in their minds and don't ever say outloud. I applaud  Kevin Smith's courage in making DOGMA. It was a real long shot, but I think  it turned out great. Jay and Silent Bob are just a thing of comedic genius,  easily the most enjoyable thing about the movie. Go see it.
079284632X|4.0|Watching THE LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT is like watching a snuff movie: It was cheaply produced and has a grainy quality, which only adds to the feel. The actors are horrifyingly realistic whether playing the victims or the  sadists. This isn't horror in the sense of &quot;OOH... that was  scary.&quot; It does, however, define the word &quot;Horror.&quot; You  often can't believe what you're seeing, and often don't want to see  anymore. It's an attack on your senses: moral, emotional, sexual...  It's a  great psychological piece and whether you love it or hate it, you can't  deny its impact on the viewer, nor its importance in the history of horror  cinema as one of the most violent films ever made. Without it, there  probably wouldn't be a TEXAS CHAINSAW or FRIDAY THE 13th.  While definitely  not for everyone, I would still definitely recommend checking it out.
B00000DQSV|5.0|I was about 10 when I bought this album on casette, and later on CD, and I still enjoy it, cause it's simply the BEST of this group. They left behind the synthetic new-wave style and funked up 10 songs with heavy guitar  strings and background horns, which sounds great all together! John  Taylor's bass-play is better then ever, just check it out on the title  track, Skin Trade or So Misled. I cannot name the best songs from this  album, because there are no weak ones! A suggest this Duran CD not to only  die-hard fans, but anybody who thinks that rock-funky turns his/her on.  Brilliant work from an excellent band!
0446525537|4.0|This book, this story, really gets to your heart and has such an immense impact on the way you feel about certain things and all of a sudden, you come to realize that certain people can have the magnitude to change your  actions, your personality, and your life for as long as you live. It also  touches various morals and lessons that you don't get any day.  It is a  nice reminder to not take things for granted.  I really enjoyed this book,  if you didn't figure that like ten sentences ago.
B00004T8RK|5.0|This is an excellent cd...the first few songs are fast passed and great as  heck...then it starts to slow down but its still rocks one person told me  they dont like it cause the songs are too short....first off i dont think  they are short at all...and who cares if they are....they rule. Thats the  only negative thing i heard about Binaural everything else was possitive. I  keep hearing people saying its the best cd they ever bought...and its  true...its all true... Pearl Jam never fails me...i alway enjoy all their  work. Binaural rules and Pearl Jam rules...
B000006NPY|5.0|This album will grow on you.
1573226521|2.0|Well when I first started reading the book, it seemed interesting to me...yet as I kept reading on, there was so many descriptions and adjectives that kept going on endlessly that it just made me bored of  reading. There didn't seem to be a good plot...and while reading this book  I kept getting confused with all the charaters and the story.
B000000H3W|5.0|Sepultura left behind most of its Death trappings with &quot;Beneath the Remains&quot;.  With this CD it is all refined into a heavy thrash metal.  This is the album where everything comes together for them.  It isn't  really experimental, like Chaos A.D. or Roots(!) but is still a great  album.  There is no weak link on this album.  The intro to the song altered  state is very cool, and it hints at the more tribal work they will do  later.  It is Sepultura's best thrash album, but not there best.  It is  tied with Roots, since one can't really be compared to the other.  Roots  again looses most of the thrash elements, including tribal jams and more  death/grindcore sounds.  Definitly check this out, you won't be  disapointed.  Highlights: Arise, Dead Embryonic Cells, Altered State, and  the Intro is also cool.  check out the cover of Orgasmatron, it is pretty  wicked.
044022165X|3.0|I have read several of his books and I usually hang on every word. This one, however, drags for nearly half the book before it gets interesting.  I think some people refer to this as a thriller and I'm not sure HOW that  word can be used. Even the reviews on the cover are misleading.  I guessed  how the trial would turn out long before the ending(You will too).  Even  the ending was disappointing to me.  I seem to be in the minority in my  views on this book, however, so pick it up and decide for yourself.
B000000H3W|5.0|Sepultura left behind most of its Death trappings with &quot;Beneath the Remains&quot;.  With this CD it is all refined into a heavy thrash metal.  This is the album where everything comes together for them.  It isn't  really experimental, like Chaos A.D. or Roots(!) but is still a great  album.  There is no weak link on this album.  The intro to the song altered  state is very cool, and it hints at the more tribal work they will do  later.  It is Sepultura's best thrash album, but not there best.  It is  tied with Roots, since one can't really be compared to the other.  Roots  again looses most of the thrash elements, including tribal jams and more  death/grindcore sounds.  Definitly check this out, you won't be  disapointed.  Highlights: Arise, Dead Embryonic Cells, Altered State, and  the Intro is also cool.  check out the cover of Orgasmatron, it is pretty  wicked.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney Spears first CD was horrible after listening to it, it just made me dislike Britney Spears because it gave you the impression that this girl doesn't know how to sing. When I saw the making the video of  &quot;oops!...I Did It Again&quot; I was surprised because that song just  made a fan out of me. After listening to horrible music for a whole year  and looking at Britney's ugly first CD cover that they took of her being  way to much tanned, finaly Britney puts somthing good out. My Thirty year  old sister hate's teenie Bopper music such as Britney Spears and she just  took as chance a bought &quot;oops!...&quot; and loved it she said  &quot;Wow, I can actually listen to this&quot;. If this music can reach 30  year old people than I'm sure it will reach you! Compared to Britney's  first CD which only had like &quot;5&quot; good songs this CD has nothing  but good songs, all the songs are great. This CD is an all new Britney none  of the old stuff or sound. If you bought Britney's first CD which I know 12  million of you folks did than why wait buy this CD to, its 110% better than  &quot;Baby one more time&quot;!  So go out and buy this CD!  Now!  Im  not asking i'm demanding!  Let's make Britney go Diamond again!
0671027344|5.0|I don't understand why everyone is comparing this book to Catcher in the Rye, I've read both and find them both hard to put down, but this book is very different and much more interesting. I must say though that I did go  out and buy the CD of The Smiths that included the song &quot;Asleep&quot;  I highly suggest that everyone listen to this song at least once in their  lives. I found Charlie to be a very amusing and caring character that made  him easy to relate to. I would highly recommend this book to anyone.  Chbosky did a wonderful job of portraying a teenager's life.
B00004T9UF|5.0|My review doesn't compete against the rest of these reviews but I wanted to get a point across. I know everybody's favorite song off this CD is &quot;the real slim shady&quot; &amp; &quot;stan&quot;, yeah those songs  are great but this CD has so much more to offer there are alot of more  great songs on this CD than just &quot;stan&quot;. Like I said &quot;Forget  about Stan&quot; like you &quot;Forgot about Dre. Buy this CD and enjoy it  but don't just listen to &quot;the Real Slim Shady&quot; &amp; just  &quot;Stan&quot; listen to the whole CD I am sure you will like it just as  much as you like those 2 tracks.
B00003CWOL|5.0|words are not enough . . awesome movie!
B00000JCB3|1.0|this durst dude should be ashamed for putting down his hometown of jacksonville, florida! you should always remember your roots dude, because if it weren't for the people in your hometown you guys would not be where  you are today! shame on you! do more for the artists in jax who are  struggling to make it in the industry and maybe, just maybe you can redeem  yourself!
B000002KY8|4.0|I think that '1999' being Prince's 5th album, is a very good 1, but not as good as the other 1's that I have heard. O it has some good songs! &quot;1999&quot;, &quot;little Red  Corvette&quot;, &quot;Delirious&quot;,  &quot;Lady Cab Driver&quot; etc. I do recommend it of course, but it is not  as good as his later efforts. I really njoy this album  tho. U should buy  Purple Rain, Prince, Lovesexy, 4 U, Sign O The Times, and of course then  album.
B00003Q43A|5.0|No? Then go get one. ID4 is the best movie ever (not ocunting the Star Wars saga). It's a pack full of awesome special effects and the ilusions are stunningly perfect. If you'Re looking for science fiction and action,  that movie is reason enough to buy a DVD Player! Yessir.
0884271536|3.0|Don't get me wrong - I think Goldratt's &quot;Critical Chain&quot; idea is great!  This book does a good job on selling the idea.  However, if you want to really understand the idea in enough depth to apply it, you need  more than this book.  I'd recommend Newbold's &quot;Project Management in  the Fast Lane&quot;
B000009QPE|5.0|I didn't read through all of the 118 online reviews, but whoever didn't give this album five stars, resulting in the average customer rating to drop down to four and a half, does not have what one would call knowledge  and/or intelligence (good sentence).<br />This is easily the best metal album  of all time.  Nothing comes close.  Period.<br />Enjoy.
B000005J56|5.0|Ok, I am not Latin. I do not know, yet, all the names of these famous Cuban artists. But, I do know what I like. And this intense, knock your knickers off CD is a sensual scintillating slide of a ride.<br />Indeed this  is &quot;World&quot; music at its very best. If only the passions that  ruminate from this CD could unite all of us on one big crowded  dancefloor...oh what a muy grande fiesta that would be.<br />Thanks for your  interest &amp; comments--CDS
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby's &quot;Play&quot; is much more than an album, it is an experience.  It's a flawlessly presented collection of eclectic wonder.  From chunky techno(Bodyrock) to negro spiritual inspired(Find my baby) ;  &quot;Play&quot; manages to maintain continuity.  It is just as enjoyable  listened to song by song, or as a whole.  Whether your new to the Techno  genre, an avid consumer, or don't like it at all; this album will have  something for you.  Also, check out Moby's other works: &quot;Everything is  Wrong&quot;, &quot;Ambient&quot;, &quot;I like to Score&quot;, ect.
B00003CWLE|5.0|How typical. Hollywood, or rather, the public has never embraced a film with a cohesive plot, and it doesn't surprise me that Anna &amp; the King, a film version of the popular musical, was a box office failure. Despite  the fact that it was overlooked in the big screen, Anna &amp; the King is  one of the best films I have seen in a while.<br />Jodie Foster's portrayal of  Anna is admirable -- I couldn't have chosen a better leading actress for  the role. Also, I enjoyed Chow Yon-Fat's performance as the king; he is  very gifted and charming. Foster and Yon-Fat have very strong chemistry,  although some people have said that they don't. I like the nineteenth  century backdrop of the film; it is done beautifully. I also like the  political and cultural issue -- I enjoy films with an intelligent dialogue.  I have never seen the musical, which means that I cannot make a  comparison.<br />As I've already mentioned, the public has never embraced an  intelligent film, which saddens me. If you're into artsy films, rent Anna  &amp; the King.
0780626966|5.0|This is the single greatest collection EVER! I have owned these ever since they first came out and have watched them 9 times each, in order. When I first heard about the set on DVD... no every day I watched the DVD news  sites just praying to see part 1 let alone all of them! When I first saw  the ad I nearly wet my pants. The films look sooooo dam good! All in  widescreen! On video I couldn't even get a descent looking copy of part 2  and here is in widescreen Dolby 5.1! They all look brand new. Part 1 could  almost pass for a new release. Not to mention the commentary by Craven and  cast on part 1. I could only see the commentary if I were willing to pay  $120 for the laserdisc on Ebay! The eighth disc kept me busy for a half a  day! This set is the crown jewel of my collection of 365 DVD's! It is  flawless in every aspect! There is not one blemish in any of the seven  films! THANK YOU GOD... I mean Wes Craven.
B00000J6AG|5.0|There is a type of music that, once you start listening to it, you simply  feel the need to dance. You feel that the music was made to be danced to,  that you were made to just lose yourself and go with the rhythm. It may  sound corny, but for the millions of people who just can't help the need to  dance, that is Moby.<br />My friend once made the comment, listening to Moby,  that &quot;this music is almost too cool for me... I feel wrong listening  to it in public&quot;. And indeed you should. Moby is not made to be  listened to on a boom box at a family picnic or driving down the street in  your Chevy Suburban (although both are fine). Moby is not music that you  listen to for the quality of the lyrics (with the exception perhaps being  &quot;Porcelian&quot;, #3 on Play; my favorite song on the album). Whether  by yourself or, preferably, a group of people, Moby is made to move your  body to. With it's not-too-techno-y sound, mellow vocals (although most of  the vocals are not done by Moby, but are taken from random songs and put to  music), and rhythmic percussion (whether it's synthisized or real), Moby's  music, along with The Chemical Brothers', stands atop the music world as  the supreme achievement in unconventional, highly musical,  non-commercialized house-music.<br />This music will never make an appearance  on &quot;TRL&quot;, never top the Billboard Pop Charts, or any charts for  that matter, rather, it will stay in the dance halls, fraternities, clubs,  and homes of those who, like myself, are unable not to dance.
B00004RFFI|5.0|jeez, can't you guys recognize an incredible movie when you see one? The acting is great! the script is great! the screenplay's great! this is the best movie! definitely in my top 5.
0767819462|5.0|Simply put--I loved this movie. I laughed, I cried, I delved into my own relationship with my stepmother. No, this is not an action adventure shoot 'em up escape movie. (I like those too.) It is a glimpse into the dirty  world of divorce, children, and illnesses that sometimes bring everyone  together.<br />Julia Roberts as the trying-hard-to-win-over-the-kids younger  fiancee. Susan Sarandon as the gritty you-will-not-take-over-my- life  ex-wife. Both gifted actresses play well of each other.<br />Humor, pathos,  deep sadness &amp; victory make for a great tears streaming down your face  emotional ride. Don't miss this one.<br />Thank you for your interest &amp;  comments--CDS
B00004S6GL|3.0|Yeah, Elliott smith has a great voice, is a great guitar player, and came  come up with a song full of lines that break your heart. But if you are  looking for evidence to support my previous statement, check out some of  Elliott's other work first. There are 5 or 6 songs on this album that are  woth the price alone, but bombs like &quot;Everything Means Nothing To  Me&quot; and &quot;Pretty Mary K&quot; keep this album from reaching the  level beauty that his self-titled and &quot;Either/Or&quot; still rest  upon. &quot;Son of Sam&quot; kicks the album off. It's a straightforward  rock song with Elliott's charming voice sneaking through the heavy riffs  and piano, but the acoustic version found on the B-side of his  &quot;Happiness&quot; single gets the message across with a much more quiet  malice that makes the lyrics and melody hit that much harder.  &quot;L.A.&quot; is a song about Los Angeles (duh), but Elliott saves it  from wandering into jaded rock star cliche territoy with insightful vocals  and the simple and haunting line &quot;I can't go home. It's not on my  way.&quot; The true gems on this album are songs like &quot;Easy Way  Out&quot; and &quot;I Better Be Quiet Now&quot;, softer pieces that find  Elliott being visited by the same muse that sat on his shoulder during his  &quot;Roman Candle&quot; and &quot;Either/Or&quot; days. Of course, the  layered instrumentation works well on songs such as &quot;Happiness&quot;,  but blow up in his face during songs like &quot;Junk Bond Trader.&quot;  This is a good album, don't get me wrong, and even songs like the boring  &quot;In the Lost and Found&quot; are better than 90 percent of the stuff  that is out there right now. But Elliott's finer days are behind him, and  one can only hope that all this wacky experimentation is out of his system,  and he can go back to doing what he does best (see his self-titled album).
B000002H33|5.0|I have reviewed this album before, but I think I did a rather poor job of conveying it's greatness, so I will try again here.<br />This is one of the absolute best metal albums ever recorded, and is possibly Metallica's best  (although I tend to lead toward Black). Sure, the songs are generally long,  but there is not one moment of self-indulgence. Every note on this album  indeed has it's place. Nearly every song is perfectly conceived, and  everything is as it should be. As a testament to the crafting of the songs,  every track has an intro over a minute long, which is how heavy metal  should be. And if you're really into that there's an excellent instrumental  on here called Orion. But the best songs (not that there are any bad ones)  are Battery, the title track (one of metal's defining moments), The Thing  That Should Not Be, and Welcome Home (Sanitarium). Damage Inc. also  features one of Kirk Hammet's best ever solos. The lyrics on this album are  excellent also. If you claim to like metal and you don't own this album  then you are just pretending, because this cd is the very essence of heavy  metal music.&lt;hr&gt;
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I have been an Irom Maiden fan since 1982, and got all their albums. In my opinion this album rocks! , it is a true comeback to the kings of Power Metal.  Bruce Dickinson is outstanding as usual and the ever skillful  giutarist Adrian Smith, the rest of the band are as always of what we  expect from them; SUPERIOR. From the first song &quot;The wicker man&quot;,  we get the essence of old Iron Maiden rising and it continues to  &quot;Ghost of the navigator&quot; which starts with guitar riffs similar  to &quot;Power slave&quot;. &quot;Brave new world&quot; starts slowly but  as soon as it picks up, the old Iron Maiden theme is present throughout.  The excelllent multi-paced &quot;Dream of mirrors&quot; is just fantastic,  with excellent giutar riffs and wonderful giutar solo.&quot;The nomad&quot;  gives you a middle eastern atmosphere that is stongly present in  &quot;Power slave&quot; and the guitars are really excellent, the musical  part is absolutely magical and indicatesw great skill and team work.  &quot;The thin line between love and hate&quot; shows excellent vocal  capabilities of Bruce Dickinson and excellent guitar riffs and solos. Steve  Harris's thrashing bass is as always simply PERFECT. Overall this album is  a true comeback to the old Iron Maiden, I would give it 10 stars not just  5. This is a MUST for any Iron Maiden fan.
B000002BQK|4.0|This album is a natural evolution of Daydream, as Mariah once said. I  don't know if it;s becouse she finally got free of tommy that this album  was so good. Lyrics, Music, production. 1. Honey - Nice Up tempo, great  production. 2. Butterfly - I like this ballad, but her voice at the  beggining is too dramatic. 3. My All -Great hit ballad, #1 song. 4. Roof,  The - Her first &quot;real' HipHop tune. Great. 5. Fourth Of July -The  poorest song on the cd, copy of Daydream's &quot;Underneath The  Stars&quot;<br />6. Breakdown -Creative, great lyrics and melody. 7. Babydoll  - Sensual, mellow song. 8. Close My Eyes - deep song 9. Whenever You Call -  typical romantic ballad 10. Fly Away - (Butterfly Reprise) - dance mix of  butterfly 11. Beautiful Ones, The - features sisqo, too long 12. Outside -  outstanding ballad. great lyrics, melody, production, voice.
B000002WYT|5.0|I own a whole library of CDs, and this is still my favorite. I listened to the whole thing before buying it, so I knew what I was getting into, but I didn't anticipate that a year later I'd be listening to it obsessively! The  overall feeling of this CD is relaxation. I can relax while listening to  this CD, because it's pure entertainment. It's not trying to teach me a  lesson (although there's one there if I want to look), it's not trying to  blast my brains out with hardcore stuff (but if you turn 'Too Much' all the  way up, it gets pretty intense), they're simply inviting me along for a  sweet, slow ride. It's a huge contrast to other popular bands today, like  Aerosmith and Papa Roach, Backstreet Boys, anything you can name. This CD  is the best one by Dave Matthews, period. It's not because of the exquisite  engineering, or because of the contrast of the studio tracks to the live  versions that have gone before... it's the songs themselves. I would  recommend this CD to everyone, basically.
B000002TQB|5.0|I was very lucky to be living in the UK in the mid 1990's when a new surge of British guitar pop began to receive general airplay on a newly rejuvenated BBC Radio One. It was a genuinely exciting time to be a music  fan as there was a widespread feeling that this era was producing truly  classic albums to compare to the best from the 60's, 70's and 80's.<br />The  Britpop bands unashamedly borrowed the best bits from the best British  bands of the previous three decades and combined them to form a cocktail of  pure commercial pop ecstasy. My top five, after five years of repeated  listening, would be Dodgy (Homegrown), Boo Radley's (Wake Up Boo!), Oasis  (Definitely Maybe), Blur (Parklife) and Supergrass (In it for the Money). I  would suggest if you own and enjoy any of these mentioned items your  collection would be far richer for owning all five.  <br /> Absolutely  Gorgeous!
6303202004|5.0|. . . The Widescreen Version to this film has got to be the worst of all! The movie is good. Good cast and great plot. But the Widescreen was incorrectly formatted! One little line at the top and one big one on the  bottom. And some scenes are misaligned and looked like the camera is  looking to the left a bit much! Once is ok but now its almost bothersome.  Why couldnt Paramount release the proper 2.35:1 aspect ration than this  1.95:1 ratio? I expected the 2.35:1. It shows everything better and the  camera doesnt look like its drifting to the right. <br />I sincerely hope  Paramount releases the 2.35:1 aspect ratio than this little sorry excuse.
0064407667|5.0|A Series of Unfortunate Events Book 1 the Bad Beginning is a delight!  Lemony Snicket is a master of disaster.  The Baudelaire orphans Violet, Klaus, and baby Sunny are sent to live with vile &quot;meaning unpleasant  to the senses&quot; Count Olaf who only wants the Baudelaire family  fortune.  The children are miserable in their new dreary &quot;meaning  rainy day gloom&quot; existence.  One uncomfortable bed, Count Olaf's  neglect, lumpy oatmeal, no so idle threats, horrendous chores, and evil  schemes plague these orphans.  Is there hope?  Well no but that's the fun.   Very original funny book I reccommend for ALL AGES!  Plan on buying the  whole lot of misery once you read the first one.
B0000026DJ|4.0|Well yes, so what, I am Australian, born here and you may think that that  took a major part in my review but it didnt!  I dont rate myself as one, as  this land was taken from others!  But enough of that...this really is a  great album.  Although almost all of the themes are about their homeland,  the tunes are great, the lyrics are also well structured.  Although a  highpoint but furthermore a lowpoint of all Midnight Oil music is the use  of the themes of those conscerning Australia that the rest of the world  wont understand.  How the general public wants reconcilliation with the  natives, pollution caused by minning companies that come from the US and UK  that come and take the raw materials from a beautiful site and leave an  ugly site and trecherous waste for the generations to come,and the  polititions that make the poor decisions for this land, that also affects  the next generation. If the world knew this, this and the other Midnight  Oil Albums would make much more sense to every one.  But even years later I  see that this album remains one of the best of the eightys, but the sound  isnt yesteryear, it isnt dead like its counterparts.
B000002MY3|3.0|but Alannis really tries to get the angsty youth down pat. Appreciating the effort however, does not translate into appreciating the music.What she has in intention, she lacks in originality.<br />That this former teenybopper  was able to reinvent herself as an &quot;Alternative Rocker&quot; suggests  that she is very talented, but not as authentically angry as her press club  has made her out to be. There are several more artists Hole, Bikni Kill  etc) who pull off the enraged woman thing much more sucessfully.<br />In the  throws of Alannismainia, I remember how the stations would play the  canadian endlessly. Catchy at first, there are only so many times you can  hear one of her songs before throwing up your hands to cover your aching  ears. One of the happier days of my life was when the local radio station  realized that moderation was everything.
B000002TQB|5.0|I was very lucky to be living in the UK in the mid 1990's when a new surge of British guitar pop began to receive general airplay on a newly rejuvenated BBC Radio One. It was a genuinely exciting time to be a music  fan as there was a widespread feeling that this era was producing truly  classic albums to compare to the best from the 60's, 70's and 80's.<br />The  Britpop bands unashamedly borrowed the best bits from the best British  bands of the previous three decades and combined them to form a cocktail of  pure commercial pop ecstasy. My top five, after five years of repeated  listening, would be Dodgy (Homegrown), Boo Radley's (Wake Up Boo!), Oasis  (Definitely Maybe), Blur (Parklife) and Supergrass (In it for the Money). I  would suggest if you own and enjoy any of these mentioned items your  collection would be far richer for owning all five.  <br /> Absolutely  Gorgeous!
B000002KBU|5.0|I bought this CD on a whim, I had been hearing about how good she was, and  I finally decided to buy her album and find out what all of the fuss was  about.  Well, I certainly am glad that I did that because she is all I've  been listening to all week, constantly.  Her music is among the most  beautiful and honest I have ever heard. Every song is a perfect blend of  sadness and inspiration--though I admit some are downright cryfests.   I  love &quot;All I Want,&quot; especially the line: &quot;I wanna talk to  you, wanna shampoo you, wanna renew you again and again...I wanna make you  feel free.&quot;  How beautiful, first the comparison of a great lover to a  beloved book that you consistently borrow from the library, and then the  perfect description of love, wanting to make the person feel free.  I love  those lines. &quot;My Old Man&quot; is another one of my favorites though  sometimes it's difficult to decide whether she's talking about her father  or her lover.  Perhaps its ambiguity makes it even better. &quot;Blue&quot;  is definitely another favorite and appropriately the saddest song.   Beautiful, like an ode to sadness itself.  My favorite line is &quot;Blue,  I love you...&quot; because to embrace your own sadness is something  terrifying and strengthening, to simply surrender to your own pain.  A  powerful idea. The happiest song on the CD is &quot;California,&quot; a  truly joyous one.  I love how she compares travelling around the world to  cheating on a lover before coming back to her home and asking for  forgiveness (&quot;take me as I am, strung out on another man&quot;).   All  of the songs are great.  Just think, I didn't know anything about her when  I bought the CD, and now I am in love.  So by all means see for yourself  how infectious her music really is.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Seeing from the 1 star reviews of this movie and the &quot;this didn't offend me but...&quot; just means that it did.  <br />This movie is hysterical.  It rips into the hypocrisy of the entire concept of the  Church.   It's like stigmata meets abbott and costello.<br />I highly  reccomend it.
6305910324|5.0|Truly it is difficult to raise a very unique child. Worse, to be a very unique child. Here parents try their best to understand and help along a child who is a prodigy at playing chess. A difficult ride, but ultimately  very rewarding. Great performances from some very A list actors.
0790730960|4.0|When this movie came out (ironically around the year of the woman and Anita Hill) I was blown away by the cat woman character. Michelle Pfeiffer's excellent acting suggested that women who are abused by the  ruling elite (the sickeningly evil Shreck's) will snap and make them pay  for it.<br />Although he must protect the city from her plan (even if she is  less interested in rampant crime than the penguin)I also got the feeling  that batman was supposed to be sympatheic towards her plight and see where  she was coming from. Since (especially after they knew each other's  idenities)it would have been easy for him to be patronizing, it suggests  that batman is a comic book feminist of sorts.
B000002AS3|5.0|I was very lucky to be living in the UK in the mid 1990's when a new surge of British guitar pop began to receive general airplay on a newly rejuvenated BBC Radio One. It was a genuinely exciting time to be a music  fan as there was a widespread feeling that this era was producing truly  classic albums to compare to the best from the 60's, 70's and 80's.<br />The  Britpop bands unashamedly borrowed the best bits from the best British  bands of the previous three decades and combined them to form a cocktail of  pure commercial pop ecstasy. My top five, after five years of repeated  listening, would be Dodgy (Homegrown), Boo Radley's (Wake Up Boo!), Oasis  (Definitely Maybe), Blur (Parklife) and Supergrass (In it for the Money). I  would suggest if you own and enjoy any of these mentioned items your  collection would be far richer for owning all five.  <br /> Absolutely  Gorgeous!
6305807043|5.0|It's impossible to express how ingeniously clever, imaginative, and hysterically funny BEING JOHN MALKOVICH is without seeing it.  It is my definite choice for best film of the year, and believe me, I've seen enough  of them (65) this year to know.   The plot simply takes one brilliant turn  after the other to our delight and surprise.  The details (the 7 and a  halfth floor, for example) are perfectly weird and the whole film possesses  a kind of Twilight Zone feel.  The ending is head scratching but once you  make sense of it you'll hit your head, say &quot;Oooohhhhh!&quot; and love  the movie all the more. All of the acting is brilliant and the characters  are wonderfully quirky and exaggerated, but Catherine Keener steals the  show as a shamelessly manipulative sex goddess who has the ability to  seduce everyone she comes in contact with.   One of my favorite details of  the film that no one mentions is Mary Kay Place as a nutty secretary with a  hilarious speech impediment.  It's the perfect touch and though she has a  very small bit role in the film it is nothing short of funny as she mangles  everything everyone else says and accuses them of &quot;mumbling.&quot;  I  cannot express the delight of seeing BEING JOHN MALKOVICH for yourself.  I  was almost intimidated to watch it after hearing it was so good--I almost  thought it couldn't live up to what everyone had said.  Needless to say, it  did, and I was given the best experience I have had watching a film this  year.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Seeing from the 1 star reviews of this movie and the &quot;this didn't offend me but...&quot; just means that it did.  <br />This movie is hysterical.  It rips into the hypocrisy of the entire concept of the  Church.   It's like stigmata meets abbott and costello.<br />I highly  reccomend it.
B0000062S0|5.0|Led Zeppelin was a tremendous band, perhaps the most creative and  influential in hard rock history, but they had their swan song twenty years  ago.  So when 'Walking into Clarksdale' first comes through the speakers,  keep in mind that Page and Plant have grown and evolved, both personally  and musically, for two decades!  How very boring it would be if they had  simply slapped on &quot;Whole Lotta Love Part II&quot;, made their money,  and gone home.  Instead, Jimmy and Robert challenge their audience with  minimalistic arrangements and genre-twisting songs.  The only song that  falls flat, &quot;Burning Up&quot;, is indeed every bit the classic rock  retread that a lot of reviewers here seem to be pining for, but other than  that, the album succeeds marvelously as a profound yet intimate  presentation of Page &amp; Plant's continued evolution.  'Walking into  Clarksdale' is easily one of the ten best albums of the 1990s.
6305728437|5.0|Even if the Disney corporation itself has progressive policies for employers, I had grown wary of it's limited views for women. Imagine my suprise when Mulan hit the theaters and we saw a woman who saved the day  without having a man's potential mariage proposal as the principle  motivation.<br />Still reeling from the Disneyized Pocahontas, I also  appreciated the fact that women were portrayed more realisticly in this  movie. The musical score is not the greatest, but the &quot;Be A Man&quot;  during basic training could just as well still be playing in the current  debate over women in the millitary. When I am feeling particularly  incensed, I wonder if watching this movie would be beneficial for many  members of congress since some of them clearly have a problem with women  serving.<br />Although there were breakthroughs with Ariel (who did not  listen to her father) Belle (who was a total bookworm) and Jasmine (who did  not like the arrainged marriage law)Mulan is the most feminist Disney  heroine. This is definently a movie that adults as well as kids can enjoy  because of the subtle connections to real life events.<br />Without being  preachy, the movie reinforces the idea that it is honorable for women to  break bariers and do the atypical. Three cheers for Disney!
0783231482|5.0|So, this movie is the reason I'm a musician.  This movie needs to be seen, and often.  Ever since my childhood this movie has been an intergal part of my musical life.  It's ridiculous.  The music is ridiculous.  The plot is  ridiculous.  And police cars have never been used (consumed) for a higher  purpose.  Watch it.  (Get wise.)
B00003CWLF|4.0|Ignore the critics and see for yourself what a wonderful, truly lovely story and movie this really was.  Set against the backdrop of what is now Thailand, this beautiful story unfolds of star-crossed lovers whose sheer  passion, respect, and admiration for each and their inability to display it  makes this story all the more compelling.  A must see for any true  romantic!
B00000J6AG|1.0|Is there anyone else out there who gets a little sick of having the same  gospel-blues sample jackhammered repeatedly into your skull while an  uninteresting techno-throb bounces aimlessly behind it? Yes, I thought the  album was interesting the first time I listened to it, but the novelty  wears off quickly.  Any CD that, during your third time listening to it,  you start skipping to the next track halfway through the song because  you've HEARD ENOUGH OF THE SAME THING, ALREADY, needs to get dropped off at  your nearest CD trading post ASAP.  For electronica that truly moves body  and soul, check out UNDERWORLD, and leave the ponderous, pretentious Moby  on the shelf for the next sod.
1572522232|5.0|This is just what you would expect out of a horror movie,  Graphic Violence, suspense, and spine-chilling horror.  <br />     This movie starts out with a girl in a taxicab.  On her way to her destination, which is the  ballet school, she sees a girl crying for help.  You don't know the fate of  the girl until you see her walk into a girl's room.  At that moment, the  suspense build up until the final gory moment.  <br />     As the new girl  walks down the halls, she begins to find out a horrifying secret.  The  school is a coven for witches, and they have been sacrificing some of the  students.  Horror awaits in the halls, the body count mounts rapidly, and  the new girl finally realizes why she had thought about coming there.  <br />      After eavesdropping and finding out the truth, she is forced to face a  creature that can change invisible at any moment.<br />     The last ten  minutes are the most suspenseful and chilling, but the rest is also good.   I would recommend this to anyone who wants a chiller.
0446315028|4.0|Another James puzzler with twists in the telling as well as the tale.  Like that of &quot;Unsuitable Job for a Woman&quot; this book's plot is not a simple and straightforward murder mystery.  In fact, for a good portion  of the book one wonders if in fact there is a mystery, let alone a murder,  except that, this being a James' Dalgleish there must be.  Dalgleish has  been in hospital for suspected leukemia ~ thank goodness a misdiagnosis! ~  and, asked, plans to visit his father's old curate in Dorset during his  convalescence.  Father Michael Badderly is priest in residence at Toynton  Grange, a small (and getting smaller) home for terminally ill patients.  There are a number of varyingly sinister characters living in and around  the Grange, and it is in the interplay of these people that the story  unfolds.  Suffice it to say that, by the end, Dalgleish's intuition is  proven again, he rescinds his decision to leave the Force, and the evil ~  if not the foolish ~ are punished.
B00000K3UU|3.0|It's hard not to like &quot;Big Daddy&quot;, though diehard fans of Adam Sandler may well cringe at this further step in the sentimentalization of  the comic actor. For although this film has raised the hackles of a number  of overly sensitive worrywarts for its seeming endorsement of permissive  parenting, the film is, in reality, far more soft-hearted than hard-edged.  Actually, this seems to be, probably, the wisest direction for Sandler to  go in at the moment because, as an actor, he conveys an aura of genuine  likability that fits well with his Average Joe persona. &quot;Big  Daddy&quot; might have been a better film if it had not given in so easily  to sentimentality and predictable emotional uplift, but Sandler's deadpan  portrayal of an immature adult forced to grow up into responsibility-laden  fatherhood makes the film relatively enjoyable.<br />Sandler portrays a  30-something loser living in South Manhattan, who has been milking a minor  foot injury to the tune of a $200,000 court settlement and whose life,  consequently, consists of miniscule employment, a general lack of  direction, and a girlfriend who's ready to move on to an older man with a  &quot;5-year plan&quot;. When a little boy suddenly shows up on his  doorstep (the hitherto unknown son of a friend of his), Sandler decides to  temporarily take him under his wing in the hopes of winning his girlfriend  back. Thus, a man with almost no resources of adult maturity attempts to  instill skewed life lessons into a willing, highly impressionable young  mind. This leads to Sandler's teaching the boy to indulge in predictable,  but surprisingly timid, antisocial behavior such as urinating on public  buildings, staying up late, tripping unsuspecting rollerbladers etc. The  film is not always at its peak of creative freshness at such times, but  Sandler's lowkey cynicism provides some humor.<br />As Sandler grows to care  for his tot and the inevitable forces array themselves against him to take  the child away, the film veers off in the direction of sappiness and  maudlin tearjerking. One may be moved at times, but one also craves the  satirical sharpness and bite that a more courageous screenplay might have  provided.<br />The movie does display an enlightened view of gays (though  Hollywood has yet to get past the point where gay characters can do more  than merely twinkle at each other), but it loses points for its rather  nasty tone towards old people. Still, any film designed to send Dr. Laura  into spasms of psychoanalytical outrage should be respected and  honored.<br />Overall, &quot;Big Daddy&quot; is a movie that, if it had taken  more audacious pathways, might have been a firstrate comedy. As it is, it  provides numerous chuckles and a cuddly warm feeling - and that, given the  state of much of big screen comedy these days, is about all we dare allow  ourselves to expect.child away, the film veers off in the direction of sappiness and  maudlin tearjerking. One may be moved at times, but one also craves the  satirical sharpness and bite that a more courageous screenplay might have  provided.<br />The movie does display an enlightened view of gays (though  Hollywood has yet to get past the point where gay characters can do more  than merely twinkle at each other), but it loses points for its rather  nasty tone towards old people. Still, any film designed to send Dr. Laura  into spasms of psychoanalytical outrage should be respected and  honored.<br />Overall, &quot;Big Daddy&quot; is a movie that, if it had taken  more audacious pathways, might have been a firstrate comedy. As it is, it  provides numerous chuckles and a cuddly warm feeling - and that, given the  state of much of big screen comedy these days, is about all we dare allow  ourselves to expect.
B00004TL21|5.0|Well, Occums Razor just about summed up everything that I thought about the album. All i can say is that as soon as i heard the album, i wanted to learn the songs on the Guitar. First Digital Bath, my personal favorite,  and then Korea, one of my least favorite but nonetheless, a great song. I  know i dont need to say this because if you are gonna buy it, my opinion  wont matter, but get this album, you wont regret it. Its so melodic and  covers such a wide range of emotions. Simply incredible.
6305089957|5.0|This is my favorite of the series.  As the first one, it has excessive amounts of blood and gore, yet it blends it with suspense and black comedy.  The cast is well-made and the performances are outstanding.  It one year later since the bloodbath that shocked Woodsboro took place and Sidney is  putting it behind her.  Soon enough, another rash of grisly murders  threaten the lives of the students on the college campus.  Sidney knows  that these murders are connected to her past.  As the body count rises, she  realizes that she must confront the cunning killer before he gets her  first.    The struggles between killer and victim are both taut and  suspenseful, which most would look in a movie like this.  If you like a  horror movie with gory violence mixed with suspense and black comedy, I can  guarantee you that you will like this.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Perhaps the most controversial film of 1999, &quot;Fight Club&quot; fulfills that very request, nailing the viewer harder than they ever expected when they walked into the theater.  Needless to say, it  encountered harsh criticism from the word &quot;go&quot;.  The reason for  the criticism?  Well, that depends on who you ask.  Those who dislike the  movie will say it was simply too over-the-top with its handling of violence  and that it harbored fascist principles, trying to endear them to the  mainstream.  <br />Oh, shut up.<br />I'm not going to dispute the fact that this  is a violent movie.  It is, but that's not the point of it.  Unlike other  movies that purvey violence simply for violence's sake, &quot;Fight  Club&quot; puts a mental twist into it.  Use the fight to reduce yourself  instead of glorify yourself.  Get one step closer to having nothing,  because it's one less hurdle you'll have to deal with later.  Is it  necessarily a well-rounded, intellectual plan?  No, but no one ever said it  was, anyways.  It's just a sexy concept that these men who seem to have  lost so much can latch onto.  Oh, and as for the fascist theory, this film  does deal with a lot of nihilistic principles, but it also doesn't put it  in a positive light.  Did the people who hated this movie not notice how  things started to spin way out of control after Fight Club began to grow?   I thought not.<br />This film is also deliciously incisive with its dark  humor.  That's not to say that it doesn't straddle the line sometimes, but  when it does, it's clear that that was the intent of David Fincher &amp;  Co., if for no other reason than to take the viewer out of their comfort  zone.  Besides, this film deals with some sick people, so wouldn't it be a  bit out of character for the humor to be in the same safe nature as a  sitcom?<br />Okay, onto the actual execution of the film.  One word:  brilliant.  Fincher's direction is superb in every aspect, from his limited  use of CGI to the minute details, and I mean MINUTE (subliminal Tyler,  anyone?)  Jim Uhl's adaptation of Chuck Palahniuk's killer 1996 novel is  both faithful and filled with new scenes that you swear you read in the  book.  The editing is seamless, and again, the special effects never  overthrow the story yet add a new dimension to many parts of the film.  As  for the music, the Dust Brothers create the most original soundtrack of the  decade, refusing to play the game safely and instead making a sonic  companion to the film's feel, which takes more talent than most would  think.  Finally, the acting.  Although Pitt's name appears first in the  credits, this is Edward Norton's movie.  As our narrator &quot;Jack&quot;,  he portrays every emotion to a capital T.  His deadpan delivery in his  voice-overs provide some of the biggest laughs in recent memory, but in his  actual live-action scenes, you feel anything and everything he feels,  particularly rejection, redemption, confusion, and really, really, really  messed up affection.  But hey, don't think I didn't appreciate Pitt.  Just  as funny as Norton, his role is the more dangerous (and therefore, the  sexier) of the two.  In any other movie, he would have stole the show.   Finally, Helena Bonham Carter shifts so effortlessly as Marla Singer that  it takes awhile to fully grasp the character's changes.  Infectious human  waste she is not.<br />In closing, while many people will not agree with this  movie, at the very least, they should pay it respect for being willing to  take on issues we don't like to acknowledge, its ability to make what we  don't want to see both provacative and intriguing, and its near-flawless  execution.<br />This means you, Ken Turan.
630587493X|3.0|Owing to the fact that it is based on an Isaac Asimov story, `Bicentennial Man' turns out to be a more interesting and meaningful film than both its  advertising campaign and its own opening section would indicate. The caveat  for those seeking out a fun film for the entire family is that this movie,  though initially sold as a warm cuddly comedy in the tradition of say `Mrs.  Doubtfire,' actually deals with some very heavy and heady issues like  sexuality, aging and dying, which may make it less-than-ideal viewing for  young children.<br />The first section of the film is, by far, its weakest. In  2005, the wealthy Martin family receives delivery of a brand new servant  android (Robin Williams) who, almost immediately, begins to display a  remarkable range of human emotions and interests. Thus, we are set up for  yet another in a long line of predictable tales (i.e. `Harry and the  Hendersons,' `Stuart Little') in which a family comes to adopt a strange,  not-quite-human creature, welcoming him in as one of their own. Indeed, in  the film's early stages, there is no shortage of either bland humor or  drippy sentimentality as Andrew, the android, ingratiates himself with all  but one of the Martin household. The `wit' in the film consists, basically,  of endless jokes about how Andrew takes all idioms at literal face value, a  running gag that is, finally, as unoriginal as it is wearying.<br />Then,  however, just as we are about to give up hope in it, the movie becomes more  intriguing. Rather than staying within the context of the present life of  this one family, the screenplay begins to move ahead in time, exploring  Andrew's gradual growth toward total humanity, while the initial family  grows up and eventually dies off. Actually, despite how one may feel about  the film itself, one must admire its boldness and audacity, for it is not  often that, in a film billed as a mass audience comedy, all the main  characters pass on to their heavenly reward at one point or another - but,  then again, how many comedies span a two hundred year time period?  `Bicentennial Man' obviously has more on its mind than mere  fish-out-of-water buffoonery, as it becomes an often-elegiac reflection on  the transience of life, the meaning of being human and the search for  societal acceptance. The mood of the film is remarkably hushed and  reflective at times, which again might make it slow going for the modern  mass audience more conditioned to a faster pace and giddier tone,  especially in a Robin Williams film (though, of late, his films have  certainly been taking on a much more somber quality, vide `What Dreams may  Come,' `Patch Adams' and `Jakob the Liar'). There are times when  `Bicentennial Man' seems overly impressed with its own self-importance, yet  one appreciates its refusal to settle for the easy path of cheap comedy and  upbeat sentiments. There is, indeed, a real sadness to much of the  film.<br />Special acknowledgement should be made of the superb art direction,  set design, costume design, makeup and special effects that together give  the film its understated and believable futuristic look. In addition, James  Horner's melancholic symphonic score, though a bit lubricious at times,  does create an atmosphere of contemplative seriousness that perfectly  matches the tone and purpose of the film.<br />`Bicentennial Man' may not turn  out to be what you are looking for when you first seek it out, but, if you  approach it with an open mind and a certain degree of tolerance and  indulgence, you may be pleasantly surprised and, perhaps, even rewarded.or another - but,  then again, how many comedies span a two hundred year time period?  `Bicentennial Man' obviously has more on its mind than mere  fish-out-of-water buffoonery, as it becomes an often-elegiac reflection on  the transience of life, the meaning of being human and the search for  societal acceptance. The mood of the film is remarkably hushed and  reflective at times, which again might make it slow going for the modern  mass audience more conditioned to a faster pace and giddier tone,  especially in a Robin Williams film (though, of late, his films have  certainly been taking on a much more somber quality, vide `What Dreams may  Come,' `Patch Adams' and `Jakob the Liar'). There are times when  `Bicentennial Man' seems overly impressed with its own self-importance, yet  one appreciates its refusal to settle for the easy path of cheap comedy and  upbeat sentiments. There is, indeed, a real sadness to much of the  film.<br />Special acknowledgement should be made of the superb art direction,  set design, costume design, makeup and special effects that together give  the film its understated and believable futuristic look. In addition, James  Horner's melancholic symphonic score, though a bit lubricious at times,  does create an atmosphere of contemplative seriousness that perfectly  matches the tone and purpose of the film.<br />`Bicentennial Man' may not turn  out to be what you are looking for when you first seek it out, but, if you  approach it with an open mind and a certain degree of tolerance and  indulgence, you may be pleasantly surprised and, perhaps, even rewarded.
B000002KAT|5.0|If I was restricted to owning one cd for the rest of my life, it would be Astral Weeks.  It is beyond music or any definitions used to weigh the merit of other pop culture offerings.  It is poetry, beauty, heartache...it  is a living soul that has been captured for our enjoyment.<br />  This one  should be experienced as a whole, rather than song by song.  There are only  two radio friendly songs on Astral Weeks(The Way Young Lovers Do &amp; Slim  Slow Slider).  You can take Slim Slow Slider off the list because its  meaning would be greatly compromised if you weren't familiar with the title  track.  Madame George weighs in at a hefty 9:25, but it could have been  even longer.  The story being told is that good!  As a  lyricist/storyteller, Morrison belongs at the top with Dylan &amp; Townes  Van Zandt.<br />  It should be pointed out that I am not practicing  hero-worship here.  I don't like everything Van has done.  I haven't bought  much of his post-70's stuff because I have no idea what's terrible and  what's not.  As a matter of fact, this is the only Van Morrison in my top  fifty of all-time(although Van Morrison &amp; His Street Choir almost made  the cut).<br />  Van Morrison went into a studio with studio musicians and  came out two days later with an album that most bands couldn't have pulled  off if they had had two years to work on it.<br />  Don't make the mistake of  skipping around from track to track.  That will only disturb the illusion  of perfection that Astral Weeks achieves when experienced straight through.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|fiona apple's debut, &quot;tidal,&quot; was no doubt a very good album, but there was definitely something missing. songwriting and musicianship were both there, but fiona was just not being sincere enough. a hint of  what was going to follow, &quot;tidal,&quot; was the great cover of,  &quot;across the universe,&quot; from the Pleasantville soundtrack. in a  way, it was a new, more experimental beginning.   all of that and more is  accomplished on, &quot;when the pawn...,&quot; and album of such raw beauty  and genuine emotion as to be mythical. fiona apple's voice bounds, weaves,  and plays with the accompanying music, and her fine piano playing has never  sounded better. tracks like, &quot;limp,&quot; &quot;to your love,&quot;  &quot;fast as you can,&quot; and, &quot;get gone,&quot; give us the  Criminal-esque fiona (except a lot more mature), while, &quot;love  ridden,&quot; and, &quot;i know,&quot; are gorgeous love ballads. there's  no question that fiona can accomplish anything she wants, so the only  question is, what will she attempt next?
0784010501|5.0|Come on now...how can someone possibly review this and stay partial?  Of course fans of Madonna are going to say what a fabulous queen she is and  unenlightend folks are going to qawk at her every stunning move and  proclaim that &quot;Truth or Dare&quot; is the most boring and trashy thing  they have ever seen in their life ...have they seen a Mariah Carey  perfomance?   Well the truth is that &quot;Truth or Dare&quot; is not  boring and that Madonna is really that fabulous!   Would we want to see  anyone else go on a rampage when their microphone screws up?  Would we want  to see anyone else recall their first sexual experience in detail and watch  the guiltly sqirm in her pants?  Would we want to watch anyone else dis  Kevin Costner-oh scratch that one...nevertheless NO!   We want Madonna.   Sure she has her moments that make you want to slap her(or fall at her  feet) but who doesn't!   Madonna (unfortunatly) is only human and so are  we...and that is why we love watching her...
B00000K31Q|2.0|&quot;10 Things I Hate About You,&quot; a modern updating of &quot;The Taming of the Shrew,&quot; demonstrates what happens when filmmakers drain The Bard of his poetry and language and cater to modern moviegoing tastes -  they reduce a classic work to yet another in a long line of lamebrained,  dull teenagers-on-the-make tales featuring a contingent of adolescents who  would never be caught dead reading Shakespeare.<br />In this version, set in  contemporary Tacoma, Kate and Bianca have been converted into two  squabbling high school sisters, the former a notorious harridan from whom  all peers flee and the latter a virginal beauty whom all the boys covet but  who is laboring under her father's edict that she not be able to date until  her older sister does.<br />That Shakespeare's plot fails to translate to  modern times goes without saying since the father's obsession lacks the  kind of logic the original author provided. In the original's historical  context, the cultural tradition dictating that the older daughter must  marry before the younger one rings true as a motivation for the story's  narrative underpinnings. Here, since the fathers seems mostly concerned  with the - real or imagined - horrifying consequences of his daughter's  dating, his decision to allow Bianca to date only if Kate does seems  counterintuitive and counterproductive. It seems hardly sensible that his  fears would be allayed by having TWO daughters out on the town with  boyfriends.<br />All this could be forgiven if the filmmakers had provided a  screenplay with even a smidgen of cleverness and humor. In fact, the first  ten minutes hint at a reasonably astute satire of modern high school life,  particularly in the character of a sex-obsessed female counselor who  provides the only moments of amusement in the entire film. Since she us  dropped almost immediately from the action, all we are left with is the  spectacle of a group of shallow teenagers laboriously executing the  mechanics of a once irresistable plot. Kate is nowhere near the terrifying  shrew nor her pursuer the arrogant rogue they need to be to be comically  effective. They come across as only slightly askew, but basically ordinary,  adolescents who lack the charisma to make them even slightly  interesting.<br />&quot;10 Things&quot; proves yet again that Shakespeare  without Shakespeare results only in a bareboned plot devoid of wit and  artistry.f a once irresistable plot. Kate is nowhere near the terrifying  shrew nor her pursuer the arrogant rogue they need to be to be comically  effective. They come across as only slightly askew, but basically ordinary,  adolescents who lack the charisma to make them even slightly  interesting.<br />&quot;10 Things&quot; proves yet again that Shakespeare  without Shakespeare results only in a bareboned plot devoid of wit and  artistry.
B00004TDRD|5.0|Jaws has always been and will always be my all time favorite movie.  And the 25th Anniversary Edition is brilliant!  The re-done sound effects and 75 minutes of bonus footage are great!  If you haven't seen Jaws, see  it--now!
B000002KXO|4.0|A driver's license, a weather-worn Opal Manta and a functioning 8-track stereo.  I took this album with me everywhere, from short trips to the store for Mom to solitary evenings at the drive-in.  The breezy vocals and  spirited music of &quot;Mirage&quot; were the soundtrack to my life, a  melodic optimism that I took to heart and never relinquished.<br />Though  Chris, Lindsey and Stevie have all produced more mature works as solo  artists, seldom have they come together as they do on &quot;Mirage.&quot;  Christine contributes the quiet fire of her voice, just as her  keyboards/synths embellish each melody with soulful delight.  Lindsey's  studied whimsy jumps out of the speakers with manic earnestness, just as  his layered vocals insinuate themselves throughout the album.  Stevie is in  excellent voice, and with Lindsey's help, her songs are joyfully  irresistable.<br />Though there are moments of Rock flash and dazzle in  &quot;Mirage,&quot; the album is steeped in Pop melodies and harmonies so  rich they raise goosebumps.  This is music that helped me to let loose my  inhibitions and sing out...music that let me dream of and hope for  adulthood.  Eighteen years later, I realize that adulthood is not a  guarantee of fun or freedom, and now &quot;Mirage&quot; encapsulates my  precious memories of that Summer.<br />Roll down the windows, crank the volume  and let &quot;Can't Go Back&quot; wash over you on a countryside drive.  Take your portable player under the cobalt blue night sky, and softly  serenade the stars with &quot;Only Over You.&quot;  And if you're not free  to go anywhere, kick off your shoes and do a carefree dance to  &quot;Gypsy&quot; right where you are.  Remember the times when hope was  something you didn't have to be afraid of, when heartache could be remedied  by sweet Summers and beautiful music.<br />'Real life' is a delusion, at least  as long as this &quot;Mirage&quot; endures.<br />-Mic
B00000JCB2|1.0|If you were born yesterday you might think this album was OK. This band is  highly overrated. The lyrics are repetitive, the riffs sound the same.  White &quot;rap/metal&quot; should have died with Vanilla Ice ten years  ago. Instead Fred Durst thinks it is still cool. This is the Britney Spears  of metal music.
0780628551|2.0|What do you get when you mix six parts &quot;I Married a Monster From Outer Space&quot; with four parts &quot;Rosemary's Baby,&quot; &quot;The Omen&quot; and &quot;Village of the Damned,&quot; shake it and stir it,  then add &quot;Invasion of the Body Snatchers&quot; and the  &quot;Alien&quot; movies as chasers? You end up with &quot;The Astronaut's  Wife,&quot; a film cobbled together from so many disparate and familiar  sources that the audience is always ten giant steps ahead of both the plot  and the characters.<br />This shamelessly derivative film, essentially an  unattributed remake of &quot;I Married a Monster From Outer Space,&quot;  stars Johnny Depp, taking one of his rare side forays into straight  commercial moviemaking, as an astronaut who experiences a strange,  inexplicable two-minute long phenomenon while outside his space capsule and  who returns an oddly changed man - though Depp plays both the before and  after roles in so similarly deadpan and lowkeyed a style that we frankly  cannot see too much of a difference. Charlize Theron portrays Spencer's  wife, Jillian, who slowly comes to perceive that all is not true blue with  her hero husband.<br />&quot;The Astronaut's Wife&quot; suffers so fatally  from a sense of deja vu that it becomes almost impossible to stay  interested despite a yeomanlike performance by Theron who even sports the  shorn pixie hairstyle made famous by Mia Farrow, thirty-two long years ago,  as she too ran around New York City, desperately searching for answers as  to just what diabolical force was incubating deep inside her womb.<br />This  film does provide an admirably dark finale as well as art direction,  cinematography and music that create a spare, almost hermetically sealed  world, devoid of sunshine and life. Too bad these quality elements are  placed into the service of such completely unimaginative material.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|I spent some time trying to find this edition. You can find the Anchor Bay copy all over, but it is VERY lacking in features.<br />This DVD cost me as much as the collectors edition of The Thing, but it is SO worth it.<br />The  bonus features include roughly 20 minutes of RAW behind the scenes footage.  You can see the markings on the film go past the projector, no music, very  basic. But it's very interesting to watch. In fact, many of the actors  comments are left in.<br />Also, they include dozens and dozens of pictures.  Some are just ok, others are pretty interesting. The theatrical trailer is  a little different too. I've never seen that one before.<br />First, my  biggest complaint is there is no wide screen version. Maybe wide screen  versions didn't exist in 1982, I have no idea.<br />You can select two types  of commentary. Sam Raimi and Robert Tapert, or Bruce Campbell. Let me just  say that I was very, very disappointed with Sam and Robert. They might as  well have not even bothered. During the ENTIRE movie, you could just about  fit BOTH of their feedback on a single sheet of paper. Worthless. At times  they would go over 5 minutes with no comments. Doesn't that totally defeat  the purpose? Both men are very quiet. I wish Elite would have just scrapped  them altogether. I am very glad I didn't buy it for their  commentary.<br />Bruce, on the other hand, gave EXCELLENT commentary. Just  about every single scene he gives detail. He shows you mistakes, tells you  how scenes were filmed, how far apart they were, and so much more  information. In fact, I learned more about Evil Dead from his commentary  than from ALL the fan sites combined. He did an outstanding job telling us  how they filmed it.<br />On with the DVD, I can't imagine someone reading  these reviews who hasn't seen it. My guess is that most readers will just  want to know what the DVD has to offer. If you want selection, get the  Elite version. The Anchor Bay version has virtually nothing onit.<br />The  special effects look a little more fake on DVD, but I think just about  everyone knows they were very low budget. Still, the blood and guts hit  home. This is an excellent late night, weekend or whatever horror flick.  Not for the weak, even with the low budget special effects.<br />As most  readers will know, Evil Dead set a standard for its extreme use of blood  and guts, bodily dismemberment, acts of killing, and demonic  disfigurement.<br />The Elite version costs more than the Anchor Bay version,  but if you are a TRUE Evil Dead fan, get the Elite copy. It is far  superior. You will be VERY glad you did.<br />Did you know they shot in at  least 3 different locations? Hal and Sarah (actors) were not their real  names? Betsy Bakers character had several stand ins? That there was no  cellar in the actual cabin? That many of the back to back scenes were  actually filmed 6 month (or years) apart? Well, you'll find out.
6305342768|4.0|This is one of those movies I saw as a kid and didn't see again for many years. But I still remembered many scenes from the movie. The movie has some memorable scenes (such as the fireball rolling through the hull of the  ship and the evil robot Maximillian.) This is one of the more disturbing  but interesting Disney movies that come to mind... a departure from the  bland live action films Disney typically rolls off their conveyor belt.   It's worth checking out if you're a serious sci-fi fan.
6305807086|4.0|`Being John Malkovich' certainly ranks among the most brilliantly conceived and executed films of the past several years. Overflowing with imagination and creativity, it manages to breathe new life into that  trickiest of cinematic genres - the surrealist satire. Like all films that  dare to take risks, `Being John Malkovich' sometimes stumbles in the paths  it chooses to take, but at least its course is always an innovative and  fascinating one.<br />John Cusack stars as Craig Schwartz, a soft-spoken  nebbish leading a life less of quiet desperation than of overwhelming  blandness. Unable to support himself as a puppeteer, he finally succumbs to  his wife's pressure to seek out a job, landing a position as file clerk in  a bizarre company located on the 7  th floor of a Manhattan office  building. One of the triumphs of the film is that it portrays the surreal  in such an understated and quiet way. This floor has ceilings so low that  the people who work on it must continually crouch as they move about their  business, yet they all accept that fact with an uncomplaining and  unquestioning good humor. Even when Schwartz discovers a strange portal  hidden behind some cabinets leading directly into John Malkovich's brain,  all those to whom Craig reveals his secret take very little convincing both  to believe him and to experiment with it themselves. Thus, by creating a  world that already appears slightly askew in its reality - Craig's wife, in  addition, runs a pet shop and therefore fills their house with a menagerie  of exotic animals -the film makes it possible for us to go along with the  characters' otherwise inexplicably blas&eacute; reactions.<br />Writer Charlie  Kaufman and director Spike Jonze hit upon a number of fascinating themes in  the course of their bizarre musings. Craig, for instance, learns that there  exists a certain safety in the tediousness of everyday life, for the moment  he allows the extraordinary to enter his ordered world he unleashes  passions - that have been long dormant both in himself and his wife - which  he finds himself unable to control. His wife, in particular, whom he has  mistakenly pigeonholed as a woman concerned only with the humdrum  domesticities associated with married life, provides him with a rude  awakening as she begins to surpass him in her burgeoning obsession with  experiencing the excitements of sexual liberation. Craig also discovers the  terrifying truth about himself, that, beneath the faade of a meek,  mild-mannered artist there lurks the soul of a repressed despot, as he  comes more and more to relish the ability to move into Malkovich's mind and  control his thoughts and actions - much as with his beloved puppets, but  now on a much more grand, much more malevolent scale. The film generates  much of its comic tension through the complex sexual interplay that  develops among Craig, his wife, Lotte, and his alluring but enigmatic  co-worker, Maxine, in whom both husband and wife develop a more than  passing sexual interest. With tinges of `No Exit,' the three characters  find themselves caught in a frustrating world of overlapping and therefore  clashing sexual desires and passions.<br />The film demonstrates a real stroke  of genius in its casting. John Cusack, with his look of understated  bewilderment, perfectly conveys the soul of a man too long accustomed to  expecting little in the way of surprise out of life. Catherine Keener  brilliantly captures the detached cynicism and taunting coolness that makes  her such an enthralling sexual temptation to both Craig and Lotte. And  whose audacious decision was it to cast Cameron Diaz as the near-dowdy  second fiddle to Kenner, to make her the NON-sex object in the film? As for  Mr. Malkovich himself, he seems to be having the self-deprecating time of  his life as he allows himself and even his lack of general public name  recognition to become targets for gentle ribbing.<br />`Being John Malkovich'  is not a perfectmovie. It occasionally sags in places and suffers from  some repetition and, like many utterly original and audacious works, it  sometimes alienates its audience through its quality of often-cold  calculation. At moments in which the iconoclasm seems to become an end in  itself, one may be tempted to see the film in emperor's-new-clothes terms,  wondering if what one is seeing is really as brilliant as it appears or  just an intellectual scam being played on a self-congratulatory elite  audience. For the most part, however, `Being John Malkovich' is fertile  enough in its invention and varied enough in its imaginativeness to rate as  a film well worth seeing and cherishing. There should definitely be more  like it!. It occasionally sags in places and suffers from  some repetition and, like many utterly original and audacious works, it  sometimes alienates its audience through its quality of often-cold  calculation. At moments in which the iconoclasm seems to become an end in  itself, one may be tempted to see the film in emperor's-new-clothes terms,  wondering if what one is seeing is really as brilliant as it appears or  just an intellectual scam being played on a self-congratulatory elite  audience. For the most part, however, `Being John Malkovich' is fertile  enough in its invention and varied enough in its imaginativeness to rate as  a film well worth seeing and cherishing. There should definitely be more  like it!
6304147589|5.0|Heaven's Gate has always been my favorite Cimino film.  Year of the Dragon with Mickey Rourke is second, and I guess I'd rate the Sicilian with Christoper Lambert as a tie  for third with The Deer Hunter.<br />Since I grew  up in the west and know the history maybe this meant more to me.  It's hard  to believe that the Bill Bixby film &quot;The Wars of Johnson County&quot;  and &quot;Heaven's Gate&quot; are about the same subject, which in this  case was the attempted slaughter of the farmers by the cattle people.  The  same type of feuds also occured betweend the sheepherders and the cattle  barons.<br />The photography is stunning - there is more moving camera work  than in most films, most to good effect. The camera becomes part of the  scene and helps put you into it.<br />The film seems not to have a plot as it  is be more like an historical  record or documentary  tracing Kris  Kristoferson's character from Harvard, through the wars, and his later life  than a typical film with a plot.  It just sort of jumps to the ending with  the woman was was shown in the window at Harvard being on his boat.  It's  almost as if Cimino needed another 1/2 or more of screen time to tie them  together.<br />It's one of those films that gets better the second time  through - as then it starts to make sense.<br />An interesting historical side  note is that Johnson county was where Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid  had their 'Hole in the Wall Gang' while the town that was portrayed as  &quot;Casper Wyoming&quot; with all the smoking buildings, was Wallace  Idaho, where Butch Cassidy and Sundance robbed their very first bank.   Wallace,where the whole city is on the National Historic Register, was the  'star' of last years film, Dante's Peak.
B00000ILLT|5.0|Some people wonder if a 24kt Gold CD is worth buying.  Let me tell you, being that I own the regular version as well, it's almost like going from stereo to Dolby Digital.  This disc also comes with a bonus booklet with  some very beautiful pictures of Enya, many I've never seen elsewhere, with  japanese writing all over it.  This has my 2nd favorite cover (Shepherd  Moons is my first).  After you see the cover and open the case the inside  reveals the same picture but with her head down (as if she is crying).  Pax  Deorum sounds really good.  Many people don't realise it was used as music  for the trailer to the film, Dragonheart.  One technical note for those  people buying Paint The Sky With Stars to save money, when you buy it, the  China Roses track is cut off by Shepherd Moons.  You only get the complete  fade out here on this disc.  There's not more to say other than I am 25 and  have been listening to Enya since I was a teenager.  She's beautiful and  has the voice of an Angel.  I wish more female vocalists would aspire to be  more like her instead of, well, you know.  Bottom Line:24kt Gold Discs are  worth it.
6305907145|3.0|Considering the fact that Jane Austen was not exactly the most prolific novelist of all time - she basically completed about half a dozen lengthy works in her short lifetime - it seems inconceivable that, after the recent  onslaught of films derived from her works, there remain any left available  for adaptation.  Yet, here is the latest, a film version of what many  consider to be one of her weaker efforts, \\"Mansfield Park,\\" a tale set,  like all her stories, in the pleasant countryside of early 19th Century  England.  Faced as they were with the obvious inferiority of the source  material and the prospect of building a film around what is universally  admitted to be one of Austen's drabbest heroines, the filmmakers obviously  decided to risk updating the material by bringing a more modern, socially  conscious sensibility to the proceedings.  Predictably, many Austen purists  have balked at the screenwriter's injection of so sanguinary a subject as  the slave trade into the author's carefully isolated and circumscribed  world of genteel manners and quaint social customs.  In addition, the film  even provides a glimpse of passionate lovemaking that, while insignificant  by today's filmic standards, may well jolt the true Austenphile into a  state of palpitating agitation if not downright apoplexy (pass the smelling  salts someone; I feel a case of the vapors coming on)!<br />Actually,  \\"Mansfield Park\\" emerges as a reasonably entertaining film, true to the  spirit of Austen in its sharp-witted dialogue and its exploration of  ever-shifting romantic relationships that are the staples of all the  author's works.  The protagonist, Fanny Price, sent off at a young age to  live as the \\"poor relation\\" at her relatives' estate in the country, has  been made less the passive observer she was in the novel and more a woman  of action and decision.  The film essentially concerns itself with the  romantic travails of this kindhearted, clear-eyed young woman as she copes  with the haughtiness, facades and deceptions of a number of the people  around her.  Even though the story seems at times a pale reiteration of  themes and plot devices developed to more effectiveness in the author's  \\"Pride and Prejudice,\\" the complexity of both the characters and the  storyline keep one intrigued for most of the film's running time.  As with  Elizabeth Bennet, Fanny discovers the realities of the true persona so  often hidden beneath deceptively simple surfaces and learns to accept a  world and the people living in that may not be quite in accordance with  one's stubbornly held pre-conceived notions.<br />As to the inclusion of the  issue of the uncle's involvement in the slave trade, it is not, in and of  itself, a matter for immediate dismissal.  Just because Austen never  included it in any of her works doesn't mean that it is necessarily  irrelevant in helping to fill in the social background of the era  presented.  The problem, though, is that the subject is dealt with in such  a superficial manner that it seems tacked on as a too-obvious attempt to  render the time period more in tune with modern standards of equanimity and  social justice - as if our liberal consciences could not indulge themselves  guilt-free in the seeming triviality of these characters' over-sheltered  lives if we were not forced to notice that such a lifestyle was possible  only on the broken backs of human workhorses.  (One wonders if, in a film  set in modern times, we will now be subjected to discussions of the cruelty  and inhumanity of the treatment of migrant farm workers every time a  character indulges himself in a piece of fruit.  It is always so much  easier to point the finger of wagging shame at the barbarity of cultures  long passed from the scene than at our own).<br />Luckily, writer/director  Patricia Rozema has been blessed with a first-rate cast of extraordinary  actors, including Embeth Davidtz as a fully fleshed-out version of Fanny,  and even playwright Harold Pinter, of all people, as Fanny's slave-owning  uncle.  Visually, the film is gorgeous, capturing the many-hued brilliance  of the tranquil English countryside and the dreary, somber grayness of  Fanny's impoverished seaside home with equal effectiveness.<br />\\"Mansfield  Park\\" is nowhere near the sparkling delight that \\"Emma\\" was.  Still, it  provides riches aplenty for those with a fondness for this time period and  the uniquely special joys Jane Austen's works provide.Harold Pinter, of all people, as Fanny's slave-owning  uncle.  Visually, the film is gorgeous, capturing the many-hued brilliance  of the tranquil English countryside and the dreary, somber grayness of  Fanny's impoverished seaside home with equal effectiveness.<br />\\"Mansfield  Park\\" is nowhere near the sparkling delight that \\"Emma\\" was.  Still, it  provides riches aplenty for those with a fondness for this time period and  the uniquely special joys Jane Austen's works provide.
B000002J0P|5.0|In a word, magical. I recently found a copy of this classic album on vinyl with the cool, wintery, double gatefold photo and creepy back cover photo in tact. As for the music inside, what can I say that hasn't been said.  &quot;Suite: Judy Blue Eyes&quot; is still a fun, ambling journey through  the mind of a helpless romantic. The doo-wop inspired harmonies that serve  as this song's coda is still the coolest thing to hear on a classic rock  station. &quot;Marakesh Express&quot; is just plain fun, even for a  throwaway. &quot;Guinnevere&quot; is THE acoustic ballad that has yet to be  topped, and sounds simply gorgeous without being too cutesy or cloying. My  other personal faves are; &quot;Wooden Ships&quot; &quot;Helplessly  Hoping&quot; and &quot;Long Time Gone&quot; (I still get chills hearing it  while I'm watching the opening of the 'Woodstock' film!) All in all, a very  enjoyable, effortless listen that captured a perfect utopian moment in pop  music and culture in general. Highly Regarded as a Classic, and rightfully  so.
B00000IP3S|5.0|This album is much better than Somewhere far beyond but not quite as good as Nightfall in my opinion. It has a lot of melody but still keeps it hard.  It has a medeival sound and the songs use many fanasy metephors which is  always great.  EVERY song is amazing on this album w/ plentiful astounding  solos.  Born in a Mourning Hall is one of my favorite BG songs, it just  never gets old.  This type of splendor is rare so pick this up.
0767903854|4.0|Not as uproariously funny as A Walk In the Woods, and surprizingly more gentle than his previous looks at his home country, the United States.  Whether he has mellowed with age or just genuinely likes Australians, he  shows much more inclination to &quot;suffer fools lightly&quot; in this  book, and even to enjoy their company.<br />Most of all I thought Bryson did  an excellent job of involving the reader in the delight of discovering this  vast, unique and mostly unknown continent/country/island. I really felt  that I was experiencing the trip with him.  As one who has always wanted to  see Australia, I felt I had finally been there, but it only wetted my  appetite to &quot;see&quot; more.
B00004WEJZ|5.0|This is an unofficial 007 James Bond movie. That means that it is not produced by the same company as the others bond films. Although the movie is great with breathtaking action and beatifull girls. Sean Connery does it  all! I hope that the DVD will include cool extra staff... Don't miss this  movie!
0767831020|1.0|The story of Donnie Brasco is one of the more compelling tales of organized crime and policing in America  too bad the book was clunky, convoluted and cliche-ridden.  I had high hopes for the film, but the  big-screen version offers nothing new in either the gangster or cop movie  genre. In fact, if you thought Michael Madsen's one-note turns in Reservoir  Dogs and Frankie the Fly were spellbinding, then you're in for a treat:  he's back, with the same hulking presence, complete with his trademark  monosyllabic muttering. Depp is completely miscast as FBI agent Joe  Pistone, and the twisting of &quot;facts&quot; in the film  his strained  relationship with family and feds  is puzzling if you've read the book.  Why critics raved about Donnie Brasco is beyond me. Spurts of blood, an  uninspired '70s soundtrack and Al Pacino does not a good gangster movie  make. Leave it at Goodfellas, and move on.
B00000J7J4|2.0|I'm extremely glad that Carlos got the recognition that he so belatedly  deservs, at the Grammies and with the buying public in general, but for  &quot;Supernatural&quot;? Give me a break.  I think he sold-out here, but I  can't blame the guy for wanting to be commercially successful.  Go get  &quot;Blues for Salvador&quot; and make your own comparisons.  Even his  earliest group stuff sounds fresh today.
0195117298|5.0|you can see it. <br />dunno about conciousness though, abstract and specfic don't mix in any defintitive way.
B00004TL21|5.0|ok,ya probably think that im gonna dis their cd cause of the title of the review,but im not. its a damn good cd,but if ya lookin for some hard music,try their other 2 cds best tracks are korea,change,and elite if ya  never heard the deftones before,this cd probably wont make ya like em,but  its good music overall
B00000K19E|5.0|WELL SNICE EVERYONE THAT HAS REVIEWED THIS MOVIE SEEMS TO HAVE DONE I GREAT JOB ... I WILL SKIP THAT PART AND ONLY SAY TWO WORDS  !  BUY IT !
6304696566|2.0|&quot;The Searchers,&quot; for some unforeseen and godforsaken reason, is constantly extolled as the foremost example of John Ford's cinematic genius.  I saw the film, and I searched and I searched, until I could find  no genius at all.  Only a conventional, hackneyed Western [pleonasm?],  based on actual historical events, melodramatically told - even obscuring  or distorting the actual events - just so John Ford could tell his rather  silly story of how poor Ethan was left out of the Family Reunion (the  completely symbolic closing door in the final shot).  Many filmmakers have  revered this film.  But then, most filmmakers were never noted for their  taste (even Kurosawa admired Ford).  If this were a nickelodeon, I'd advise  you to save your nickels.
B000002HAF|4.0|What amazes me the most is the fact that Frank Black seemed to have no idea how to sing when this album was made, but he does it.  This is punk rock in the best way : new and exciting and different.  Emotional and LOUD.
6305823839|5.0|When tis first come out at the cinema, Ive gotta admit i didnt fancy it at all  I thought it would be just a very trendy film where everybody goes around smacked of there tops. But when i saw it i was very suprised that i  enjoyed it and also that i knew people like Renton Sickboy Spud but not  Begbie Okay its a bit sad at times but i cannot recomend this film enough
B00003CXAA|5.0|The Godfather is simply the best movie I have ever seen.  Complete with exquisite acting and an interesting plot, it is a treat for anyone who has ever watched a movie.  If you haven't experienced it yet, try to get your  hands on it- you won't be dissapointed.
6301390725|5.0|Although this is not my favorite Disney but one of the best ones. Marry Poppins would have to be the best one they have made but although this is not a clear or as fun as Mary Poppins. But Kids enjoy it and at 18 years  old i still enjoy. During WWII when the bombings of London are occuring  they evacuate children to the country side to live with people who will  take them in. When Carrie, Charles and Paul Rollins go to live with an  eccentric women who wants to be a witch played by Angela Lansbury. First  they don't tske to her but in the end they do. When Paul has a bed Knob he  takes off the bed. Ms Price cast a traveling spell on the bed and they go  on some wacky adventures. <br />Even to an island inhabited by animals.  Combining live action with animation this is a magical movie with great  songs and some very funny adventurs. Directed by Robert Stevenson who made  the magical Mary Poppins. This is great family fare and will always be a  movie i will enjoy watching every time.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I had never heard of creed unitl there song &quot;Higher&quot; was frequently played on the radio.  I loved the guiter in it and the lead singers voice.  The whole cd is great but my personal favorite is  &quot;With arms wide open.&quot;  So i recommend you buy this cd!
B00004T8RK|5.0|yet again pearl jam is successfully able to create another great album  that is different form the others.  This one is not nessarcerly there best  or even second or third but its not to far off.  here is a real short  review of the songs<br />breakerfall - A quite good fast rocking song like  once,go,last exit, and brain of j <br />God's Dice- Another song that rocks  all the way though, very distictive sound to it <br />Evacuation - this song  rocks like the previous 2 but this one just isn't quite as well written  although it does has it moments<br />light year - a fantastic slower untempo  song probley the best slower song by pearl jam since elderly women behind a  counter in a small town or black<br />Nothing As it Seems - this is a odd song  with really interesting  lyrics, real good guitar riffs for a slower  song<br />Thin Air -  good song reminds me to much of last kiss  though<br />Insignifcane - on of the best on the album, great lyrics<br />Of the  Girl- maybe my least favorite but still not to bad<br />Grievance -  My  favorite on this album excellent rock song with lots of emotion rates in my  top 10 favorite pearl jam  songs <br />Rival - real strange song begining with  the sounds of a dog kind of a let down after grievance though<br />Sleight of  Hand - another really good song Soon Froget - didn't like this one at first  but over time it kind of grows on you <br />parting ways - good closer, but  i'm really wondering if pearl jam is ever going to end an album with a song  that rocks
B00000JCOV|5.0|The CD is a compilation of controlled and melodic madness. Many of the  songs are good but my favorite is (SIC). Unlike many other bands Slipknot  is great and sounds just the same in concert(If your a Slipknot fan you may  have heard about the incident in Del Mar!). Although many compare the music  to people like Korn and Limp Bizkit, I believe they have a sound all their  own. Once you buy this CD you are guaranteed a great time while listening.
B0000035E7|5.0|This is the record that started it all, it shows Nirvanas true form, before fame, before they became the biggest rock band of the 90's, before smells like teen spirit, In utero and all that great music! It has all  styles from the passionate and soft 'About a girl' to the fast and furious  'Negative Creep'. <br />When you listen to this record you can hear the  passion that Cobain gave to all his music. Its one of those records that  you never need to skip a song and never get tyred of listening...its the  beginning of Grunge!
B000002MP2|5.0|Look...I have a lot of CDs, but this one just tops it. Every song is awesome, the best songs are &quot;F.O.D.&quot;, &quot;BasketCase&quot;, &quot;She&quot;, &quot;Burnout&quot;,...I could go on for a while, but let  me just mention that &quot;Longview&quot; is one of my all time favorites.  This CD definitely brings out all the talent and skill that Green Day has.  This deserves more than a five....like a twelve or something... All thats  left for me to say is that this CD is excellent work done by the trio, and  make sure that you don't forget about the secret song after  &quot;F.O.D.&quot;, but on the same track.
B000001FS6|2.0|Because it's U2, you can't really compare it to the rest of popular music  which is mostly bland by comparison.  Any hard core U2 fan should buy all  of their albums as they all have something unique to offer.  This album,  however, is one of the weaker works.  It is worth it mostly for the live  versions of previous U2 songs.  The album is compleatly disjointed and  contains some songs that I just cant help but skip.  If you are new to U2  go buy Auchtung Baby, War, The Joshua Tree and the rest of their albums  first.
B000002N2P|5.0|Another hit by Greenday, the lyrics, emphasis, guitars, and drums are all flawlessly executed. The best of the album include &quot;Bab's Uvula Who?&quot;, &quot;Geek Stink Breath&quot;, &quot;Walking  Contradition&quot;, &quot;Brainstew&quot;, and &quot;Jaded&quot;, although  every song is great. Although I think Dookie and Nimrod are slightly better  Cds, this one still earns the 5 and is definitly worth paying for. This CD  truly captures the essence of 'a green day', do to the lyrics and rhythms  of the songs. One thing this CD could have that it doesn't is longer play  time. Although it barely hits a half hour, this weakness is soon forgotten  when the awesomeness of the songs are remembered.
B00000J2KT|5.0|Kubrick does a wonderful job by reaching into exactly how the armed forces operate and ripping it's proverbial skeleton out to expose the true horrors that exist in war. The method to turn human man into a killer, to strip  away all humanity that he has is clearly outlined in this film, and exposes  war for what it is.<br />War is not a glorious, fun, great, and honorable  thing. It dehumanizes and strips emotions from a man, to keep him killing  the enemy until they are all dead or until he is killed himself. Joker, in  this movie, is a peace loving man...He narrarates the first half of the  movie, which is Marine training. As disquieting as this segment is, I've  found it to be truthful, too. While talking to someone about it, they  commented on how when they had been at marine bootcamp, that it was exactly  the way it is protrayed in Full Metal Jacket. Unforgiving. <br />While on  deployment in 'nam, Joker, along with the rest of his troop (he is a  journalist for the marines, if my memory serves correctly) and is sent with  another stationed troop to &quot;see what war is really like.&quot; He  wears a pin that has a peace sign, and then on his helmet is written  &quot;Born To Kill.&quot; <br />The ending of the movie is, (I must agree with  other reviewers) a disturbing end...Joker is moved to kill someone,  something he has literally vowed not to do, as his anti-war mentality is  slowly ground down and after months of the drumming into his mind that he  must kill the enemy, he believes it. Full Metal Jacket defines what a war  movie should be, and not a glorified, candied and fakely thrown together  plot as many others are. It is honest and brutal.
031218087X|4.0|Okay, so the characters weren't all that complex.  This book had an intriguing premise and some great action.  Maybe an expert on codebreaking wouldn't be impressed with the technical info, but to somebody like me with  a casual interest in codes, it was fascinating.  I was more interested in  the sociological implications of what was going on, anyway.  As for that  humongous red herring, well, if Eric Ambler could get away with that sort  of thing in A Coffin for Dimitrios, I don't see why Dan Brown or anybody  else should be barred from it.  My only real complaint comes from that  oversimplistic final puzzle stumping NSA's supergeniuses.  I read along for  paragraphs, if not pages, muttering, &quot;I flunked high-school chemistry,  and *I* know what he's after!&quot;
B00004RFCM|5.0|I only recently started watching Sex and the City (when the third season began).  I've enjoyed it so much, though, that I decided to purchase the DVD collection of the shows from the first season.  It's great!  Now that  I've finished watching all 12 episodes, I'm ready for the second season!   The comedy is fresh and lively.  The second to the last episode had me in  stitches.  I must admit that I have enjoyed Ally McBeal, and I was  surprised when Sarah Jessica Parker won the Emmy last year instead of  Calista Flockhart.  After seeing Sex and the City, though, it's easy to see  why this is such a smash hit.  It's much hipper than Ally. This show has  something for all of us single women in our 30s (or any age).  Other  reviewers have commented on the negative quality of the DVD.  I didn't see  any problems - the picture was fine.  This collection is well worth the  cost.  Big hint for the producers:  We're ready for season two!
B00003Q43A|1.0|The Extra Features on this DVD require a Windows PC and will not work with a Macintosh. I guess we can bring down a whole Alien Spaceship in the movie with a Macintosh, but support the Macintosh on the DVD? - I guess that was  asking too much!
B00003CWQ2|5.0|This is one of the most interesting Hollywood films I have seen in a long time.  The plot revolves around a young man and a new friend with whom he starts up a fighting club for men.  However, contrary to the previews as  shown in theaters, the film is about a lot more than just a bunch of guys  fighting.  It explores some very troubling themes--the shadow, consumerism  and its deflection of our spiritual drives, alienation and lonliness in  urban culture, the repression of our basic instincts--just to name a few.<br /><br />The cinematography is stunning and uses a techique employed by the  character Tyler Durden in the film:  Tyler, in his job as a theater  projectionist, splices pornographic one-frame shots into the films he runs.  Watch Fight Club closely--there are two places where a fleeting shot  appears, once about 15 minutes into the film, another at the very end.  This end shot undercuts the rather schmaltzy Hollywood closing image in a  sarcastically humorous way.<br /><br />And that's another great aspect of this  film--the anti-social humor, which will not appeal to all tastes, but which  is brilliantly carried off.  Just seeing Brad Pitt in his filthy bathrobe  with the appliqued coffee cups all over it is funny.<br /><br />Pitt's acting is wonderful, so is Ed Norton's.....and the two  of them together make a synergy which is very powerful.  Helena Bonham  Carter does a great job as Marla, the love interest whose vulgarity comes  off as an almost endearing quality.<br /><br />I have never really liked Hollywood  films much, finding them too defensive of the status quo.  However, this  film is in an altogether different league.  It is daring, provocative, and  very funny.
0590353403|5.0|I am not a general reader of scifi or fantasy, but because of the hubbub concerning book four being released to the unsuspecting public recently, I decided to give book 1 a try.<br />I loved it! JK Rowling writes for everyone.  This isn't just a teen book or a kids book, or even really a fantasy book.  What it is, is a well written marvelously told tale of Harry and his  adventures.  the plots are written nice and clean, the story wraps up  properly, and the characters are brought to life and seemed REAL.<br />i was  so entranced with this book, i was furious when my fiance told me to put  the lights out when I was halfway through the last chapter. Needless to  say, i finished the book first thing this morning and gave it to his 14 yo  brother (who isn't a reader) to read.  He's so engrossed into it, i've  ordered books two and three so that we can get through them just as  quickly.<br />I would highly recommend this book to anyone who isn't into  fantasy or scifi and judging by my fiance's brother reaction, to anyone who  isn't a reader. This defiently brings out the magic in us all.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This film grows on you, or rather pokes at the back of your brain, burrowing deeper with each replay. <br />Edward Norton (Narrator), one of the great actors of our generation (X), shows his comfort and unique take on  playing Everyman's Bipolar. Brad Pitt is Nortons perfect foil. Pitt is at  his best when he goes to the edge (i.e. 12 Monkeys) and he does it here as  Tyler Durden a truly original character.  Helen Bonaham Carter (Marla),  strange! and yet beautiful, nothing spectacular but does her job and  advances the plot.<br />David Fincher (Director) creates a mesmerizing and  visually stunning, albeit gory film (The squeamish are warned). Fincher did  not create a movie he created a cinematic experience that leaves you  thinking, pondering, analyzing, the characters, the realities of the film,  the environment, and the message.<br />The story is disturbing with a nice  twist, which really lets you now that you are not just watching a formula  movie.  I disagree with others take that this film glamorizes anarchy. That  is superficial overview of the film and does not do this deep story any  justice. Yes the film criticizes consumer culture, but by stripping of the  packaging and lowering the volume and showing us the underlying mechanism.  The same mechanism that propels fascism, or communism, or any ism for that  matter, the one that drives the herd, that tiny little need to belong.  I  do concede that the mentally challenged should not watch this film for fear  of Fight Clubs and Durden wannabes springing up (I am sure they are out  there).<br />This is the kind of film an entire film class can write a thesis  on and each person will reveal a different message, not due to a lack of  focus but because of a density of layers. That credit goes to Chuck  Palahniuk the author of Fight Club.<br />A Great Film!
B000000WCX|5.0|I was introduced to Bowie from Queen, then NIN, and finally labyrinth.  I bought this knowing i loved &quot;I'm afraid of American's&quot; and listening to samples.  I absolutely love it.  I am now searching for the  next DB album to buy.  I listened to it at least 10 times straight, which i  can't do for even some of my favorite cd's.  The bass and rythems are  amazing.  The lyrics don't seem to be as captivating as on 'hours', but  still are great.  The songs are amazingly catchy, and i can barely drag  myself away from it.  <br />This cd instantly became my favorites..... among  artists like KoRn, Queen, NIN, Orgy, and Sisters of Mercy.  It shows his  flexibility ('changes' and 'earthlings on fire' are QUITE contrasting) and  talent.  I could only wish there were 20 more songs on it!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I collect soundtracks (350+ cds) and I'm big on music other than mainstream.  Moby seems to hit my musical taste on the head, then work his way stealthily through my mind.  &quot;Porcelain,&quot; (from &quot;The  Beach&quot; soundtrack--another great CD) &quot;Why does my heart...?&quot;  &quot;Rushing,&quot; and &quot;My Weakness&quot; are all incredibly good.   I hope to see more of Moby as I just recently discovered his talent.  He  has many songs on other soundtracks like &quot;Heat,&quot; &quot;The  Saint&quot; and many, many more.  He can be uniquely appreciated by all.
B00001QGPR|5.0|It might not be like 'Earthling', but it is certainly unique.  The lyrics are wonderful.  This cd doesn't demand much, but it certainly deserves the same attention as the rest of his work.  I find it has more heart to it  than most music, and has helped make David Bowie one of my favorite artists  (among queen, orgy, and korn).  It is relfective of the times, and I would  hope that the meaning and sound communicated in this masterpiece is what  1999 can be remembered for, not the backstreet boys.
B00004BZ0N|3.0|What is best about this album is the playful songs.  they sound like they were fun to sing, and are fun to sing along to.  What is missing is a hardline message about a stance in the world.  The clash are a band that  came up while punk was coming up, under the guise of a political band.  I  admire and respect their political tracks, songs with messages, such as  london's burning, or koka kola, but by putting other songs on the same  album, such as spanish bombs, and rudy can't fail, you can't help but  wonder whether they were better of trying to play the politics card, or  should have stuck to playful, but still entertaining lyrics.
B00004U30D|5.0|What do I say?  What do I say?  Well, let's start with that this movie is most definitely one of the best movies of all and definitely the 2nd best movie of 1999 (the first being &quot;Magnolia&quot;).  This movie is so powerful and moving.  I'm not surprised at all that Kevin Spacey won best  actor but I am surprised that Annette Bening did not win best actress.   This movie is about a family that is really just for show.  The inner lives  of this 3-person family comes out whole-heartily in this movie and shows us  the real side of their lives.  The father (Spacey) seems like your normal  mid-40s guy until you see that he's yearning for the attention of a high  school cheerleader (Mena Suvari).  The mother (Bening) is a real estate  agent who is cheating on her husband with her boss.  Bening shows a side of  her acting that hasn't been seen until this movie and she succeeded greatly  in portraying this woman who really doesn't have anything.  The daughter is  acts almost like she is depressed in this movie.  I think that she was  trying to say in her character that she hates her life and that her parents  have just made her life miserable.  Her character goes a bit more deeper  than I can describe but I should just say that all of these characters are  played magnificantly.  This is truly a masterpiece.
B000003BD3|5.0|This album has finally been released, and should be an immediate buy for anyone who was alive in the sixties, or just wishes thy were.  Especially if they are into the who, the stones, or 60's english music in general.   Everyone will tell you buy this album for the Who, and while I hold the Who  as my favourite band, the unsung gems of this album (pun somewhat intended)  are the performances of marianne faithful and jethro tull.  If you are  familiar with who they are, but unfamilar with their music, but this album.   If you like one of the other bands, buy this album too.  Taj mahal, yoko  ono, and the dirty mac are all great performances too.  its a gem of an  album, and it would be a tradgedy if it hadn't been released almost 4 years  ago.
6305897786|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie.  Full of beautiful and disturbing imagry as well as great performances by Depp and Langella.  People with big imaginations and open-mindedness will enjoy this movie the most as there  are a lot of strange and odd occurrences talking place that lead to some  unanswered questions at the end of the film.  Overall, a very effective  film depicting evil and how it can influence people to stop at nothing to  gain ultimate power.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Although i can thankfully say that Britney is not my usuall 'Music' taste, yes music is in commas because im not sure if it is music, i still have to put this CD down as the commercial music industry making billions off a  little girls success who should be in school.  <br /> Dont get me wrong i  admire britney for what shes achieved but think this, would she sell  millions and millions of records if she looked like Barbara Streisand?  I  didnt think so, its the millions of men and boys who buy her CD so they can  see her on TV, its just her s** appeal that sells. <br /> Thats why i give  this album 1 star coz she cant even sing, anyone could do what she does,  shes just another pretty face, tell me has anyone ever seen her with no  make up on? then you'll get a fright! <br /> Im sorry if i've offended her  true fans, to you guys i give you my applause because you probably like her  for her 'music', theres those comma again!
0894803123|5.0|I made  the Orio Mint ice cream. My son starting eating it before I told him it was homemade. When I told him, he didn't believe me. He then looked through the freezer looking for the packaged container. He said &quot;Wow,  this is great!&quot; He now brags to his girlfriend that my ice cream  tastes BETTER than homemade ice cream!<br />I have tried quite a few, and have  great results. If you have an ice cream freezer, this is a book not to be  missed!
6305181772|4.0|This is a great movie through and through.  I watched this one in the cinema, then again on DVD not long ago, and let me tell you, i thought i was back in that cinema all over again, the sound quality is great, and the  picture is crisp, and the movie itself is mindblowing.  Speaking of the  actuall movie, it is a fast paced, thought inducing, twisted, tale of a  traitor, and a hero, your classic theme when it come to the Mission  Impossible series, but thats just the ticket to this adventure.  I even  believe this to be better that M:I2 which has just hit cinemas, buy it  today.
B00000DFRS|5.0|When My Love Is Your Love was released in November of 1998, it was given little press and therefore never got a big launch like other Whitney Houston albums. But since then it has spawned three top five singles, and  five top 40 singles (in the U.S.) and has sold well over 10 million copies  worldwide. It contains tracks that help to finish what Whitney started with  1990's I'm Your Baby Tonight, which is to move Whitney into the world of  R&amp;B. This album has some of the best lyrics Whitney has ever sung,  which helped to create four #1 Dance Hits (It's Not Right But It's Okay,  Heartbreak Hotel, My Love Is Your Love, and I Learned From The Best).  Whitney has included some ballads for her fans, including I Learned From  The Best, probably her best song since I Will Always Love You and You'll  Never Stand Alone, a balland in the Greatest Love Of All tradition. Rodney  Jerkins did a wonderful job of It's Not Right But It's Okay (A Grammy Award  winner for Best R&amp;B Vocal Performance Female), it is a real R&amp;B  song, and is much better than the radio edit. My Love Is Your Love,  Heartbreak Hotel, and When You Believe are also included. There are only  two misses, I Was Made To Love Him (the Lauryn Hill produced remake of the  Stevie Wonder classic) and Oh Yes ( a horrible attempt by Missy Elliot to  write and produce a ballad, however she does redeem herself on In My  Business, a very creative song based on Whitney's marriage). How could an  Album which recieved 7 Grammy Nominations not be worth buying? The CD is  worth every penny and will become a classic album in the future.
0780624890|4.0|This is a great adaptation from the Marval Comic of the same name.  The movie is set in New York city, and it follows Blade, a half human, half Vampire, who's sould purpose is to seek out all the Vampires lurking in the  murky underworld of the City.  <br /> The story, is that a women, whom to  blade, resembles his mother who died when giving birth to him (from a fatal  vampire bite), gets bitten and blade takes her in to find a cure for  himself.  <br /> This movie delivers many special affects, and has great  acting from Snipes, who said that this movie gave him one of the few  chances to show off his fine martial arts in their true form, this film is  a must for any fan of the horror genre, even those who just like a good  flick, and if you havnt already got thid one, id buy it asap.
6305903182|2.0|The only thing to scream about in this tired installment is Courtney Cox's bad wig!  The film is tired. Once again someone wants Sydney and will kill everyone she knows. The reason the fisrt Scream film was so great was that  it poked fun at Bad films . Now Scream has become a parody of itself. No  more please......
B00000JCB2|3.0|Well im not going to beat around the bush <br />  .This CD is good value for money <br /> .This CD has great songs <br /> .This CD is fred Durst at his best <br /> .This CD is good if you like 'take a look around' <br /> .This CD features  Method Man, and the song 'N2Gether now' <br /> .This CD is a little different  to 'Three Dollar Bill, yall' (Limp bizkits other album) <br /> .This CD has a  CDRom compatible feature <br /> .This CD has a nice picture on the cover that  you can draw and say is your own <br /> Good CD all round, buy it, you wont  regret it.
020161622X|5.0|I think almost any programmer can benefit from reading this book. The book is extremely well written and inspiring. Readers of Kent Beck and Martin Fowler will recognize much of their philosophy (see xprogramming.com). Much  of the wisdom in the book is condensed into a set of rules listed at the  end which makes a very good summary. So even if you have only 20 minutes  you will probably walk away inspired and with new insights. What  distinguishes this book from other books about programming that I have read  (like the Refactoring book by Martin Fowler) is that this book generalizes  principles about coding in a very convincing way (many of the principles  could probably be helpful for any engineer, not only programmers). Take for  example the well known principle of not duplicating code. The authors  generalize this principle and say that information should never be  duplicated. This means for example that you should write documentation, but  the documentation should not duplicate information that is easy to extract  from the code (the documentation could for example present the purpose of  code and give an overview). Check out the book for many other equally  interesting principles!
B000023VR6|4.0|No doubt if your reading this then you already know of the stature of the rap guru Dr Dre, why else would you be here?  Well this is just another great installment from the man himself, many of you have heard the chronic,  many of you have heard Dre before, but this is straight out the fish pond  and into the rap fire, that burns deep inside LA, and the streets of  America.  Dr Dre pulls out all the stops for this pounding album, that was  a sell out when it hit stores just under 2 years ago.  If you have yet to  hear this album, then buy it now and avoid embarressment, this album is  brilliant in every way.<br /> Snoop Dogg, Eminem, XZibit, Nate Dogg are just  a few of the artists featured on this smashing album.  There are numerous  hits on 2001, such as 'Whats the difference?', 'Forgot about Dre', and,  'Still Dre'.
0446677450|4.0|Normally, financial advice tends to make my eyes cross and push out opposite ear canals. *L* But, this book covers logical, sensible motives and means to achieving better income and maintaining it. What truly is an  asset?  What type of income will help me build beyond hand-to-mouth?<br />No  technically formulas to though your frustration in high-gear. Fun learning  with personal stories to keep the material easy-to-read. Personally, I zip  through the pages and suddenly found the end. There is a reason why this  book has been in Amazon.com Top 100 Best-sellers for years!
B000003TA4|5.0|I remember watching MTV late one night in early September 1991, Headbanger's Ball was on, hosted by the talented and heavily tatooed Ricki Rachtman. A video with extremely low production values and a guy wearing a  really bad '70's t-shirt was on. Little did I then realize how important  Kurt Cobain and Co's. music was to become to not only myself, but also to  countless other young people of my generation. Ricki said to watch these  guys and we all did. At the time MTV had no idea what to make of  Nirvana(how else do you explain spinning them during the Ball?)Clearly the  glory days of award winning bands like Winger and Warrant were over.(Try  saying that five times fast.) But the important thing here is supposedly  the music. And the music on Nevermind is fantastic. &quot;Greatest record  of the '90's.&quot;, &quot;best punk band ever.&quot; , &quot;blah, blah,  blah.&quot; Believe it. It's all true.
1573226521|5.0|Alex Garlands 'The Beach' is a must read for any fans of stylish modern literature, and for that matter, anyone yearning for a good and experimental read. The book succeads because of the writing devises  employed by Garland, for the themes of the book are controversial(Vietnam  and marajuana),and could easily not have worked. The characters are all  intruiging(in particular the charasmatic Daffy)and involve you in a plot  with various subtle undertones. The book is also impactful-this is achieved  through Richards narration and gradual change in personality.A pioneering  novel-if you liked this you'll like 'The Tesseract'
0380789019|5.0|Gaiman has created a world in London Below that is as fascinating as it is believable. Even the secondary characters are well defined and interesting, which is unusual in fantasy fiction.<br />The main character of Richard is  thrust from his ordinary life into the world of London Below by a simple  act of human kindness. After a rough start, he handles the challenges a lot  better than most people might. Without giving too much away, I can  guarantee that you will never look at London in the same way ever again!  Knightsbridge and Earls Court especially. &lt;VBG&gt;<br />This book is  destined to be a classic, and well worth reading two or more times in order  to savor all of the details! I highly recommend this book to anyone  searching for a good read with an absorbing plot, interesting characters  and superior writing! Gaiman is one of my favorite writers!
0805062971|5.0|Fight Club is an intense and querky read. Palahniuk captivates the reader through the inventive flashback that the majority of the novel is told through. The narrator, Jack, is a great character in a pro-longed downward  spiral whilst Tyler Durden is a personification of the anarchaic spirit in  all of us. The dialogue is full of brilliant phrases that stay with you  afterwards. It is deliberatly provocative and in my opinion, is a Clockwork  Orange for the modern era. All the ideas and themes are thought  provoking(in many ways similar to the film 'American Beauty')and whilst not  for all tastes, a must read. It has references to varios things, and the  inventive style makes it impossible to put down. A bible of self  destruction.
B000005DQR|5.0|This album is absolutely unbelievable, unlike anything you would have ever heard up until the time it was released.  I rank this right up there with Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark side of the moon&quot;.  If anyone ever tells you  that sampling is thievery and unoriginal obviously they have never heard  this CD.  I am a musician/songwriter who incorporates a sampler into my  work like DJ Shadow does and I can tell you he plays his instrument like  Hendrix played the guitar, that is no exageration at all!   As far as the  songs go, they comprise a beautiful album that will transport you to  another reality if listened to on headphones with your eyes closed.
B00004W5UA|5.0|When my friend dragged me out to see 'Fight Club', I was not very enthusiastic about seeing the film. But within a few minutes I was thrust into the cold corporate world in a way that a movie had never done to me  before.  Fight Club does more than puts a movie on the screen to watch.  The rich plotline and the subtle symbolism place YOU in the movie. The  score to the movie, all pieces by the Dust Brothers, is excellent as well.  I highly recommend that you see this movie.
B00004WEJZ|3.0|not one of my favorite bond flicks - and i consider myself a fan.  an interesting cast with carerra being the most fun.  starting with the name (fatima blush) and ending with a pair of smoking shoes.<br />for those of you  haven't seen this, it's a remake of thunderball.  names have been changed  (but not very much) and the locale is in some different places.  the  producers wanted to make a bond flick, but only had the rights to  thunderball.<br />since it wasn't part of the normal producing team, you  notice the missing elements - the biggest being the lack of the monty  norman james bond theme.  a lot of the music is somewhat cheesey as are  many of the special effects.  not quite sure why they made this film -  other than the opportunity to watch a noticeably older, huffing and puffing  connery try to prove that he's still an action hero (sorry folks, he  isn't).<br />probably worth it for the die-hard fans, but i place this up  there with those other bonds that haven't aged as well as some of the  others.
B00001PE4D|5.0|Cruel Intententions isn't jus a movie about Sex and Drugs. It's about love, passion and death. Although not appropriate for younger veiwers, in my opinion it should have been rated PG-13.
B000002H48|5.0|What a wonderfull live CD.When this film came out,I went to the theater everyday.Most of the time I was the only one there.When Carly and J.T.started the show with &quot;Mockingbird,&quot; I was in heaven.For  someone who's afraid to perform,Carly looked like she was in her  glory.Bruce Springsteen is the main event.I bought &quot;The River,&quot;  after watching this movie.In the late 70's,these musican's top the charts.  Carly,J.T.,Bruce,Crosby,Stills,and Nash,Jackson Browne, Ratt,and The Doobie  Brothers.22years later there  still turning out great music.It would be  fantastic if they could get together again and tour the USA.I think it  would be a huge hit.
B00004SST6|5.0|I am a big fan of Benson and buy all his albums, but some of the later ones have been somewhat dissapointing. This one blew me away! The first three cuts are some of his best ever. There is a fantastic cover of  Hathaways &quot;The Getto&quot;. I also like the fact that he is mostly  instumental on this album, although still scatting in his usual way.  Dont  miss it even if you are not a dedicated fan such as myself. Its quality  guitar playing.
B000002KOQ|5.0|With her second album CLOUDS, Joni Mitchell established herself as an artist who was here to stay. LADIES OF THE CANYON affirmed her status as one of the most important female artists in music history. Like most  artists, Joni was just getting her feet wet with her first two albums, but  it was on her third that she really blossomed. For the first time, Joni  sings with the right emotions that her songs often call for. Songs like  &quot;Willy&quot;, &quot;The Conversation&quot;, and &quot;The  Arrangement&quot; are short but difficult songs that accurately portray the  hardships of love and romance. Another prominent subject is that of the  loss of innocence, and Joni brings to it her distinctive brand of poetry.  The sad introspection continues on songs like &quot;Woodstock&quot; (not  the CSNY version, but in a slower, more dirge-like sound), and &quot;The  Circle Game&quot; (which for an almost-20 year old man like me rings all  too true). In fact, &quot;The Circle Game&quot; might be the greatest song  ever written about coming of age. CANYON's best-known song also deals with  the album's prominent subject of time passage: &quot;Big Yellow Taxi&quot;.  Anyone who thinks Joni is all about the feminine point of view of life's  trials and tribulations will probably be shocked by this song that takes a  lighthearted, funny approach to a subject that would often get drowned in  the emotiveness typical of folk singing/songwriting. Joni's expression at  the end of the song is priceless! As her career progressed, Joni Mitchell  would get even more personal and introspective. But LADIES OF THE CANYON is  the perfect document of a young woman and her approach to life, love, and  the pursuit of happiness.
B00004SCX6|4.0|This is Britney Spears' second album, but it is not much different from the first. Many of the tunes are bubble gum ear- candy and are about as challenging on the intellect as watching kickboxing, but let's not be too  critical. There is plenty that is good about her sophomore studio effort.  The album's title song has received stress rotation on every media capable  of playing - and for good reason, it is infectuously sexy. The Shania  Twain/&quot;Mutt&quot; Lange work, &quot;Don't Let me be the Last to  Know&quot; is a gorgeously produced song for the pop icon. My guilty  pleasures are two of the more poppy songs on the disc - &quot;Lucky&quot;  and &quot;Dear Diary&quot;.  This album will not make you discover your  true self, but it will entertain. Ask the 5 million who have already  purchased it.
0784011605|1.0|There is virtually nothing positive to be said about this movie.  Supposedly Harvey Keitel becomes the object of Holly Hunter's adoration because he treats her like a human being, unlike her husband.  But there is  no chemistry whatsoever between the two of them, and there is nothing said  or done which would cause a normal viewer to identify with the romantic  element.  Furthermore, everyone is so busy orgasming over how  &quot;artistic&quot; the movie is, that they have ignored the biggest  single plot blunder I have ever seen in four decades of movie-going.  The  pivotal scene of the entire movie comes when the husband throws a tantrum  because of a letter exchanged between his wife and Keitel.  The problem  with that is that when Keitel is first introduced, we are told that he  can't read.  Nothing in the subsequent &quot;action&quot; gives any  indication that he has learned to read in the interim, or that the original  information that he can't read was inaccurate.  <br />All those issues aside,  the movie is simply unpleasant from start to finish, in almost every way a  movie can be unpleasant.  The backdrop of the movie is a rainforest of  grey, sticky mud.  The director seems to have a fetish for the process of  female urination.  Not a single character is a person you would want for  your next door neighbor or co-worker.  The best way of describing the movie  is to apply the single word &quot;unpleasant&quot; to every character and  every scene.<br />A complete and unhappy waste of time.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem (Marshall Mathers, aka Slim Shady) does not bother explaining why he speaks so cruely of others, he says he merely uses verbal abuse as a type of therapy. But is it so easy to dismiss his apparent disdain for  everything just because the album is full of brilliantly produced tracks  and witty banter. Well...yes it is. If you are in it for entertainment  purposes, this album will surely deliver. Just don't question his  judgement, he probably isn't serious anyway.
076783819X|5.0|I decided, after reading the other reviews, to throw in my two cents. I got chills, this is one of Tim Robbins  and Jeff Bridges' best films. This ranks right up there with Jacobs Ladder, and The Fisher King. Frightening  in a way that could only be real.
6305627401|2.0|I thought that this film was a major dis-appoinment, as i enjoy the show, and watch it regularly. This film relied too heavily on music, which, although funny in places, wasn't up to the task. I am very dis-appointed, i  was expecting so much better from a usually good production team.
6305905401|4.0|Well I rented, this it looked good, the starting was pretty boring but the end gets better, Sleepy Hollow was good.
6304913176|5.0|I watch movies to be entertained, not have my consciousness raised, and this film delivered.  The B movie flavor made me feel as if I were 10 again, checking out the latest fare at the neighborhood theater.  Believe  it or not, there were other great science fiction movies before &quot;Star  Wars,&quot; and this captures the fun, wonder, and &quot;gee wiz&quot;  special effects (expanded for the more demanding viewers, of course) from  40 or 50 years ago.  If you are looking for some profound message, go  elsewhere.  If you want to suspend Real Life for a couple of hours, come on  board!
0140149295|5.0|This book was great.  it is emotional and it shows life from a different perspective.  Everyone should read this book.
0790743132|5.0|As many times as I've seen this movie, I just cannot imagine what could have been done to improve it.  Romance.  Mystery.  Political intrigue.  Quotable lines (&quot;You despise me, don't you, Rick?&quot; &quot;If I  gave you any thought I would.&quot;) A bittersweet ending.  This is the  movie to watch when you want to fall in love, or wonder if you'd ever get a  second chance at lost love.  No matter what movies get made in the future,  this will be among the greatest, as time goes by.
0385486804|5.0|This is the tragic stroy of Christopher McCandless, a man who was willing to sacrafice everything for a chance at experiencing life as few people ever do. One day Chris, or Alexander Supertramp as he preferred to be  called, decided to cut all ties with the modern world and live in absolute  freedom.         Jon Krakauer beautifully narrates the reader through  Alexander's ill-fated adventure that finally ended in an abandoned bus in  the wilds of Alaska. Along the way, the reader is introduced to a  collection of colorful people who have also sought escape from the trials  of daily life. These glimpses help to put Alexander's uncommon desire to  break from modern society into its proper perspective.        Into the Wild  is also a story about one family's love for their son, and the search for  understanding and closure concerning his eventual death. In the process the  reader is given great insight into the mind, and possible motives for his  desire to escape. But, as we find out this is not just the story of one  family, but, the story of many people and families that Alexander touched  in his odyessy across America.         Despite the fact that Alexander's  quest cost him his life, I would dare to say that during those four brief  months he felt more alive and experienced more than most people do in a  entire lifetime. His warm smile on the opening page is a testament to the  happiness, and contentment that he experienced in his self-imposed  solitude. Finally, this is not merely a book about the tragedy of death, it  is instead a celebration of nature and one mans quest to experience it.
B000002MP2|5.0|Greenday is good old radical rock-n-roll with some talented young  musicians, we cleaned our whole house is 15 minutes! Music like this keeps  this grandma in shape!
B000000OSG|5.0|This is one of the greatest rock albums ever recorded. The whole Use Your Illusion enterprise is pretty staggering, but I could live without most of volume one. This one, however...A melodic rush from start to finish, with  only a couple of weak links. If they'd dropped &quot;So Fine&quot; and put  on their cover of the Rolling Stones' &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot;,  this album would be unopposed as the rock masterpiece of the nineties. The  solos on &quot;Heaven's Door&quot; and &quot;Estranged&quot; make the rest  of us guitarists look like amateurs. Axl's singing is distinctive and  thrilling. The piano line on &quot;14 Years&quot; is bitchin'... I could go  on all night. Hard Rock at its finest.
B000002WYT|5.0|Dave Matthews Band shows their greatness more on this CD than on any other.  Such upbeat songs like &quot;Too Much&quot;, &quot;So Much to Say&quot;, and &quot;Tripping Billies&quot; give the album great intensity.   But don't forget songs like &quot;Two Step&quot;, &quot;Say  Goodbye&quot;,(I prefer the acoustic version on Live at Luther College) and  &quot;Crash Into Me&quot;.       Dave Matthews writes, plays, and sings the  best songs. But Boyd Tinsley, Carter Beauford, Steffan Leassaurd, and Leroi  Moore bring the band it's greatest sound.  The most talented and original  band ever.  Buy this!
0783226063|2.0|There was a 190 minute directors cut version of this film made.  Why is the disasterously shortened 137 minute version being offered on DVD?
0553266306|5.0|Frederick Forsyth's best novel in my opinion.  Based partly upon fact (OAS, and the numerous plots to kill DeGaulle), Forsyth's work is stylish, exciting and tense from beginning to end.  Don't miss this one!
B00004TDTO|5.0|Spielberg took a simple story and stretched it to limitless proportions and along the way created one of the highest grossing films of all time. Along with 'Casablanca' this is one of cinema's greatest 'happy accidents'.  Spielberg began production without a finished script or an ending and  without a fully operational main character ('Bruce' the shark). But still  he managed to create one of the most shockingly suspenseful films of all  time using the Hitchcock method 'less is more'. The story is simple, a huge  'great white' terrorizing the small summer island resort of Amity. And it's  three very different main characters; the sheriff (Roy Scheider), the  oceanographer and shark expert (Richard Dreyfuss) and the crusty old shark  hunter (Robert Shaw) who all go out and try to hunt down the leviathan but  instead become the hunted. Scheider and Dreyfuss are both excellent in  their roles but Robert Shaw is unforgettable as the eccentric Quint, a  Captain Ahab for the cynical 70's. Shaw's narration of the 'USS  Indianapolis' story is one of the most frightening moments of the film. But  still the best and most suspense-filled moments of the film are the  shark-hunting sequences on the boat. Nail-biting suspense is given an  adventurous air thanks to John William's brilliant score. A technical  marvel with brilliant editing and cinematography. John William's score  became one of the most famous of all time, simple but extremely efficient,  it also informs us of the shark's presence. 'Jaws' is a  money-making-crowd-pleasing machine that also happens to be one of the best  movies of all time. Extras: Peter Bencheley, the original author of 'Jaws'  appears on the beach as a news anchorman. From a scale of 1-10 I give this  film a 10!
0671867369|5.0|I read Band of Brothers knowing nothing of what it was about, except what was on the cover.  What I found was one of the best unit histories ever written on any military unit that has ever fought.  Ambrose uses interviews  with the soldiers in Easy Company to give a personal grunt's-eye view of  the war to liberate Europe.  I hope that other authors use this work as a  new standard for future unit histories.
B00003CX6P|4.0|This is one of the best psychological thrillers of the 90's. A bit overlong and the pace tends to drag at times but a handsome cast and high production values do more than pull it through. Matt Damon again shows us  his real acting talents, he creates a compelling Ripley but one can't help  but imagine other actors in the part. On the other hand, Jude Law is  perfect for the part of Dickey, he's an exciting and promising new talent.  Gwyneth Paltrow gives a sadly underrated performance, low-key but extremely  effective. Cate Blanchett and Phillip Seymour Hoffman are also great in  support. Anthony Minguella directs with a mix if low-key manipulation set  to picturesque backdrops that make for a satisfying experience. Beautiful  cinematography beautifully captures all of the beauty of Italy. There are  also some hidden homosexual undercurrents to Ripley's personality. A  compelling plot, unsettling ending and a truly unforgettable grisly murder  sequence make this one of the best films of 1999. From a scale of 1-10 I  give this film an 8!
0783240236|5.0|This is a true SCARY movie a must see.
014017821X|5.0|I discovered Angela Carter via the fantasy/horror film \\"The Company of Wolves,\\" for which she wrote the screenplay, adapted from one of the short stories in \\"The Bloody Chamber.\\" Since then I've read two of her novels and two books of short stories, and this one remains the best by far.<br /><br />All the stories are good, but the title one particularly so; it even inspired me to buy a bottle of cointreau, the liqueur the heroine sipped after her dinner with Bluebeard.  The taste is exotic, tropical, sweet-sour-bitter, with a strangely insinuating warmth; not unlike the prose itself.<br /><br />The vampire story is a perfect analogy of beautiful, rotting, slightly ridiculous old-world European romanticism coming to its denouement in the bleak light of modernism, appropriately timed to World War I, appropriately personified in an innocent (but just as doomed, and what does that tell us?) blond soldier.<br /><br />And the story \\"The Erl-King\\" put me in mind, somehow, of a disillusioned Lady Chatterley creeping one last time to the hut of a mossy, malevolent Mellors, in a voluptuously violent autumnal reversal of the spring marriage of John Thomas and Lady Jane.<br /><br />In short, it's a mouthwatering book -- so evocative, so subtly disturbing, such texture and richness...and all the more memorable for the occasional touches of dark, edgy, cynical wit.
B00004RFFM|5.0|If you liked the 1975 thriller Jaws, you're gonna love this. Deep Blue Sea is a wonderful film, the sharks look terrific, the acting is very good, and suspense moves quickly along with the intense action sequences. I recommend  it to anyone who wants an amazing shark movie, or for somebody who enjoys  being spooked and surprised.
0060930349|4.0|While Johnson might not be objective (he's well known as a conservative), that is not a good reason to keep away from this book. I would recommend reading Zinn's version also to get a viewpoint from the liberal side.  One  idea that works in this book is that America has gotten away from the  religious foundation that it was originally based on.  The end of the book  offers evidence on how America has gotten away from its roots and has  consequently suffered for it.  While the book offers many other high points  it is far from perfect.  Many reviewers have noticed a great deal of errors  in the book.  The next edition will take care as he offers his address in  the book so he can be notified for this very problem. This is not the only  problem in Johnson's work though.  While I do agree that Lincoln was one of  our great presidents, I think Johnson is stretching the truth when he  depicts Lincoln as the great abolitionist whose utmost priority was to free  the slaves. There is plenty of evidence for the other side of that  argument. Another problem I had was how Johnson devoted more time to  Reagan's sense of humor than to the Civil Rights Movement.  I understand  that in covering 400 years some subjects must be given the short end of the  stick but I do not think that should have been one of them. Overall,  Johnson's book makes for an interesting read. From Jackson's inaugaration  to Truman's years in office or JFK's presidential campaign against Nixon,  Johnson enlightened me on several periods of my country's history.
B0000001PW|5.0|If you have not heard Chick Corea's Elektric Band ..... where the hell have you been ?  You are in for a real surprise. The first of the Bands' albums may well be the best one, and I've never heard anything like it  since. I've been lucky enough to see them play live a few times, and I have  never seen a band play as tight, and with as much attention to aural  quality and detail as this lot. Live, sounds just like the album. Amazing.  Light Years is a nice alternative, if you like a slightly less frenetic  sound, and more 'space' in the production. BUY BUY BUY. If anyone knows of  any other music remotely like this ........ let me know please  (paul_b21@btinternet.com). PS I have own a signed copy by Chick!  Yeeessss.
B00004R99L|3.0|The Lewis Carroll book was always a top contender for the Disney studios.  Yet somehow, when the movie was made, the book must have reined in the artists too much.  They couldn't really indulge their creative fantasies as  much as they could with the other major Disney features of the times, which  were based on very short stories and hence had tons of room for creative  innovation.  So, ALICE IN WONDERLAND became a picture-movie of the  book--delightful and all that, but somehow constrained, restricted.  The  book was meant to be a study in logical irony; obviously a movie couldn't  do that and still make you root for Alice.  But if you take the irony out,  things happen to Alice that don't make much sense, and I suppose that kids  notice this.  They can't really relate to Alice.  Of course, it's still a  very fine movie.  And with the DVD on a good TV or projection unit, you  find what I consider the absolute best employment of cartoons on a totally  black background.  Disney kept the black, I suppose, to remind us that it  was all a dream.  But look at what the black does to the cartoon  characters!  It brings them out, it almost makes them three-dimensional.   The colors become magical because you can focus on them against a solid  background of black.  There is nothing like it in moviedom except the  marvelous ice-skating sequence in SUN VALLEY SERENADE where Sonja Henie  skates on black ice!
B000009O8A|3.0|An ambitious New York writer, Jenny, leaves her big city home for some peace and quite out in the country.  But soon enough her all too pleasant stay turns into a nightmare beyond reality.  She is savagely raped and  beaten by four merciless men and left for dead.  She survives and  (violently) gets the revenge that she deserves.  By reading any summary of  this film, you will write it off as a slasher film.  But really it is much  more.  Though extremely violent and disturbing, it serves a purpose and has  a lesson.  See the film to find out how.  In a final note:  this film had a  pretty low budget so do not expect a whole lot out of it and you should be  pretty surprised.
6304806469|4.0|I enjoyed reading Joe Comer's review (above) and agree with most of it, but we shouldn't go overboard on MARY POPPINS.  There are dreadfully slow parts; the direction and editing could have been a lot better.  The first  time I saw it &quot;Chim Chim Cheree&quot; bored me; I confess that with  re-viewings the song grows and indeed becomes one of the highlights.  But  we shouldn't entirely forget our first impressions of a movie, because most  people only see it once.  Also the music (not the words of the songs) is  quite pedestrian.  Oh what Richard Rodgers could have done with these  songs!  However, there are things in MARY POPPINS that are among Disney's  finest, and for todays kids who have the movie on the TV while they do  other things, and see it over and over again, they probably turn away  during the slow parts and run back to see the beautiful real-plus-animation  scene in the park.  When I first saw, as a child, SONG OF THE SOUTH, I just  couldn't believe how magical and enchanting was the real life Uncle Remus  appearing in a cartoon!  I fantasized about the world of movies in the  future, how things could be &quot;drawn in&quot; so that the characters  could do their thing on any landscape or planet.  Well, now it's gotten to  the point where computerized special effects do all of that, and you can't  even tell it's a cartoon.  In MARY POPPINS you can tell it's a cartoon, and  that is part of its magic.
B000001E3V|5.0|On October 23 and 24, 1973, just after finishing the Layla album, Derek and the Dominoes played at the Filmore East, two shows each day.  The second show of each night was recorded.  A double LP, called In Concert was  released from the shows.  It had 8 tracks and was about 90 minutes long.    Two more tracks from these shows were included on the Clapton anthology  called Crossroads.  All these songs, plus two more have been remasterd and  released as this 2 CD set.  Two of the songs on this CD set come from a  different show than what was released on In Concert.  &quot;Why Does Love  Have To Be So Sad?&quot; it 6 minutes longer than on the original release.   The new mix is brighter and really brings out the piano (so much that is  has a plinky sound).  I am not an LP snob, but I think this is one case  where I prefer the warmer sound of the LP.  <br />When they released the LP,  they got it right and included the best material.  Although the new  material on the CD isn't as strong as the original material, it is all  still great and it is wonderful to have a more complete collection of the  concerts. This is Clapton at his innovative best.  He experiments with the  songs and with the sound of his guitar.  He provides the perfect mix of  being a band leader, but then giving space to the rest of the members. He  stretches out the songs and plays them with emotion.  Alot has been said  about &quot;Have You Ever Loved A Woman&quot; and what it means to Clapton.   It really comes through in this concert.
B00001QEE9|5.0|Disney movies were the joy of my childhood.  (I so envy the kids today who can see them at home any time they want to; for me, you had to go to the theatre, and 20 cents for a ticket meant I could only go once a week.)   PINOCCHIO was the scariest, because the set-up for Pleasure Island was so  exciting, only to see Pinocchio's friends grow long ears and become mean!   These days, I think, a lot of the scare-factor is gone because kids see so  many movies that have frightening elements in them.  But once upon a time,  back in the 40s, Walt Disney had to take a chance on frightening the kids  because he needed adults to buy the tickets.  So in an interesting sense,  PINOCCHIO is more of an adult movie than Disney's other full-length  features of the time.  It certainly deserves a full five stars, but it  doesn't topple the best movie of all time (SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN  DWARFS), nor is it as integrated and coherent as CINDERELLA or DUMBO.   PINOCCHIO is more episodic, more a collection of scenes with music.  If you  have an impressionable child, I'd hold off on PINOCCHIO for a while.
6305268177|5.0|The quality of the performance, the sound and the video are excellent. You don't have to be a huge Bee Gees fan to thoroughly enjoy this concert! It's that good and will bring back lots of memories!
B000002U82|5.0|Obviously, after the departure of Syd Barrett, Roger Waters was left with the task of asserting himself as primary songwriter of the band.  It is interesting to speculate what would happen if Syd was still in the band.     Anyway, this is certainly one of the most thought provoking pieces in the  corpus of rock history.  Roger Waters traces the entire life process of an  individual in capitalist society with biting irony.  This is a continuation  of his theme(s) in &quot;Careful with that Axe Eugene&quot; which  delineated the experience of birth, life and death in one song.   Unfortunately, this album has also been one of the most misinterpreted in  that many do not see the overall continuity of the album but think  &quot;Money&quot; is a ode to wealth.  Roger living in his castle hasn't  helped.  Anyway, this album is obviously Roger's work and the themes  haven't changed in his solo work.  This is a stunning work that should be  put in a time capsule to show future civilizations what our obsessions  were.
0375501851|2.0|I don't understand why this novel is getting such rave reviews.  The first two-thirds of the book was enjoyable but not stunning  - it was gritty and full of real-life dilemmas. I didn't find it particularly humorous - or at  least not &quot;laugh out loud&quot; funny.  As I began the final 100-200  pages, Smith was still introducing new characters to the detriment of the  others that were not fully developed. The last 100 pages were intriguing as  Smith wove the decisions and fates of the characters together, all pointing  towards one room on New Years Eve.  However, the end just plain falls apart  and doesn't do the rest of the book justice.  It's as if Smith herself  decided the ending on the flip of a 50p coin and took about as much time to  dash out the amateurish text.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a book that makes you think.  The main character is a boy who lives in a closed community and he is about to have a very different life.  The book is very powerful, but keeps a good story line, unlike some other philosophical books.  I enjoyed the book so much.  It makes you appreciate  everything you have in life.
B00004TLMC|5.0|I loved this movie.  <br />It provided so many elements including:   Mystery, lust, anger and suspence.   <br />A perfect finale to a movie director icon!
0062502182|4.0|I originally picked up The Alchemist because I thought the story looked interesting and while I found that it was, I also discovered that this novel was more than a quick read - it was a reminder of what life is all  about.<br />The novel begins with a shepherd who dreams of traveling and  finding his fortune.  He can not ignore his dreams and he seeks out someone  who may be able to help him discover the true meaning of these dreams.   Along the way Santiago, the shepherd meets with disappointment as well as  enlightenment at the oddest of places.<br />He learns that one must see the  world with truly open eyes, one must see the signs that are all around him  and are simply waiting to guide you to the truth that is inherent in all  things.  It is along his journey that Santiago begins to realize what his  life's journey is all about.<br />Santiago meets with a king, a crook, an  Englishman, a true love and of course, the alchemist along his way.  He  learns, as does the reader that not everything is as it seems on the  surface and that to find true happiness one must look beyond the obvious  and must learn to see the good in all of life's disappointments.<br />While I  wished the book was a bit longer, I did find that it made me look at life  in a new way.  This book can be read as a story, a fable or a guide to  life.  Which ever way the reader chooses to look at this book, he or she  will hopefully gain a new perspective on life.
B000001ES4|5.0|THE most Beautiful music in the world...I imagine they play this CD in Heaven!  Very soothing, very relaxing to the soul.
6300183971|5.0|This is the best sci-fi movie based on a novel ever made! Lynch did a great job of portraying Dune and all the characters. My only problem I had with it was where did Lynch get the idea of the level 3 navigators? In the  book, the Guild navigators were humans. It was cool they mutated from the  spice though. You've got to get it!
B0000296SI|5.0|I have heard this cd. I like it alot....  i Think my taste in music is changing cuz i use to love all of those boybands but now i know they are nothing like BLINK182.  Blink writes their songs, play instruments, and are  guys who worked for it all. With their cds Buddha, Cheshire Cat, Dude  Ranch, and Emema of the state they deserve credit for their work. Mark,  Travis, and Tom are all good guys and they sing really great. If you like  rock, punk-pop, alternative, you must buy all of their cds.  So i truly  think my TASTE in MUSIC is CHANGING. BLINK 182 RULEZ. THEY ARE ON OF THE  GOOD BANDS OUT IN THE WORLD! KEEP THE BLINK PRIDE ALIVE.
1573300403|4.0|Not a bad choice - would definitely like to see Vol 01 released on DVD as well.
B000002KHH|5.0|First off Master of Reality is better, it's harder, and more complex.But this one of there best.I mean every song is good (expect Planet Caravan).Where else can you hear there all time best song Electric Funeral  (also one of creepists songs i've ever heard.).Plus it's got Hand of Doom,  and the songs just plain rules!And the obvious hits (classics), Iron Man,  Paranoid, and War Pigs.Plus Fairies Wear Boots and Rat Salad are ok.In  conclusion one of there best, but get Master of Reality first.
630021463X|3.0|I agree with the previous reviewer Mike that while The Voyage Home is not a bad Star Trek film, it gets less satisfying with each viewing.  <br />Yes,  it is cute to hear Kirk and Spock use profanity, and Chekhov's  interrogation scene is funny too.  The high point is McCoy's confrontation  with the doctor who is about to operate on Chekhov...&quot;we're dealing  with medievalism here!&quot;<br />The story though is a rehash of Star Trek  The Motion Picture, in which an all powerful entity is on an intercept  course with Earth and threatens to destroy it.   It seems rather ridiculous  that the probe would threaten to exterminate all of humanity just so that  it can talk to whales.  Since it was designed by an intelligent race,  wouldn't it be the least bit curious to note that human civilization had  arisen on Earth since its last visit?<br />Another thing about the story that  bugs me is that Gillian gets Kirk to take her on the Enterprise because no  one in the 24 century knows anything about humpback whales, but the moment  she gets to the 24th century, she gets herself assigned to a science  vessel.  What happened to her concerns about George and Gracie?  Another  mistake, in one of the scenes in Federation headquarters, one of the  communications officers reports that &quot;Leningrad has lost all  power&quot;.  Oops! Barring a return of communism in Russia, the city has  been rechristened St. Petersburg.  <br />My favorite part of this movie is  when Kirk, Spock et al are still on Vulcan, particularly Spcok's  reeducation and his conversation with his mother about getting in touch  with his human side.  <br />I realize this is probably the most popular film  in the original cast series, and a lot of people will not like what I say.   The Voyage Home is a nice pleasant diversion in that there are no space  battles or confrontations with angry Klingon battlecruisers.  But for me,  Star Trek IV is ultimately unsatisfying, though it is better than Star  Treks I andV.
B000002KDO|5.0|This cd rules, It's the best Sabbath album ever!Not mention one of the best metal albums ever.This goes alongside classics like Master of Puppets, Sound of White Noise, South of Heaven, Chaos A.D., and Vulgor Display of  Power.I love this album, every song is good expect Soiltude, that songs  blows hard.I mean it has classics like Sweet Leaf, Children of the Grave,  After Forever, Lord of this World, and my fav Into the Void. Even the  interludes Emybro, and Orchid are good.So buy it now, if you like any kind  of metal at all.
B000001FDI|3.0|Reportedly, the group had a great deal of trouble in actually coming up with enough material for an album.  As it was, almost 1/3 of the running time is taken by a pointless, meandering jam, &quot;Do What You Like,&quot;  which the band just couldn't make interesting.<br />The rest of the material  is 5-star quality, however.  Good songwriting, fantastic vocals by Winwood,  great playing all around.  &quot;Can't Find My Way Home&quot; and &quot;Had  to Cry Today&quot; are beautiful songs.  I love the gentle-but-rocking  treatment they gave the Buddy Holly tune &quot;Well Alright.&quot;   Clapton's &quot;Presence of the Lord&quot; is truly moving, especially to  anyone who knows the personal travials he was going through.<br />This album  is a worthwile purchase for those songs; it's just too bad that there was  no better material available to fill out the recording.
0790731452|3.0|Let me get this straight,first Tim Burton makes a film about Ed Wood,and now he wants to be him.Now I know this is a spoof,but it's a spoof of something that is usually funnier in the original versions.<br />You see,the  conceit here is that if you put big time stars in a movie that is knowingly  bad and you put state of the art(but knowingly cheesy)effects in it,it'll  be seen as just a bunch of great actors slumming but having a good  time.<br />Nice try but Burton misses the piont.If the makers of the original  50's Sci-fi oldies had the money to get good  actors,writers,directors,effects,and so on,there would be nothing to  saterize or pay homage to.The glory of these films is that even with the  extreme lack of talent most of them had,they are entertaining in spite of  themselves.All the badness can make a film go to a level of fun that no one  could have intended.<br />I've given the movie 3 stars for the effects  alone.they are cheesy,but state of the art.They really deliver.Watching  stars like Jack Nicholson(in 3 roles no less),Danny Devito,Micheal J  Fox,and a whole slew of others(Rod Stieger anyone?)go through these  ridiculous,predictable paces is a real waste.If your into special effects  it might be interesting,if not watch an old AIP Roger Corman flick.it'll be  funnier.
B00000G3PA|1.0|The characters are extxremely flat and the emotion is so pathetic as to be unbelievable. The writing was, well, I can't call that writing. It was typing. But what really got me mad was that Bruckheimer and Co. went way  out of their way to make the science absurd. It would have been more  interesting if they had stuck to some basis of reality. I have never come  to the end of the movie feeling more disgusted in my life and I've seen  some pretty bad sci-fi! &quot;Star Trek V&quot; was genius compared to  this! I know that such a bad review will probably get some people to watch  this piece of crud to see what the hub-bub is about. It does come in pretty  colors and if that suits you, fine!
0800187873|5.0|This was a great movie, but if you've read the book, you'll know that it was dramatized quite a bit.  Such scenes as Donnie (Depp) helping to cut up the bodies of Sonny Red and his crew were completely wrong.  Also, they  gave the impression that Agent Pistone had trouble remebering who he was  some of the time, when really he had no problem with this.  I also did not  like the ending, because you did not know if Lefty (Pacino) was killed or  not, and he definitely was not.  There is not an extensive amount of  action, but there is some.  There is quite a bit of violence in it, and a  few moments of nudity, too, so it probably should not be viewed by young  audiences (hence its R rating).  It is still a little informative on the  Mafia, and it is a good movie unto itself.
0425107469|5.0|I loved this book and hated for it to end.  I gave up on Stephen King (finished several of his books going, &quot;huh! &quot;) and switched to Koontz, I have read several of his books now and have enjoyed every one.  &quot;Watchers&quot; was very enjoyable--a good horror/suspense tale, but  the dog was so touching!  Without giving away the story, I loved the things  he communicated to his friends!  I will have to send this book to my  brother, he loves golden retrievers and also has a little boy named Jimmy!
B00003CWPQ|5.0|This movie is done so beautifully in its cinematic,theatrical way.  Many people do not appreciate it.well, not every one walks into a museum and know what he is looking at. I feel this movie would be better off if the  director picked some new face rather than tom cruise and nicole kidman who  we know what to expect. The story line is very simple and yet very thought  provoking.  it is about marriage and reality and human nature BUT the  director has managed to provoke thoughts on such a serious and humdrum  matter in the most artistic and amusing way ever.  every scene and angle in  this movie has presumed meaning in it and the director gave his audiences  not once not twice but a lot of chances to look for that particular  meaning.  It is a very profound movie that make people think and think even  after a few days of viewing it. this is not the type of movie that you can  make a judgement on it after just viewing once.  People who complain it is  too slow or boring simply did not put their thought into it.  Tom Cruise  and nicole kidman acted in this movie but it is Kubrick that gave this  movie a soul.  this is not what anyone would normally expect from these 2  actors .  i think if you are a fan of kubrick you definitely do not want to  miss it.  But if you are a fan of either nicole or Tom, you may be  disapoointed by it.
0790729687|4.0|This film, based on a novel and screenplay by Anne Rice is rather different from most vampire movies. This is a film told from the point of view of the vampire rather than from that of his victims or those who set  out to destroy him.<br />It is not a traditional horror film and, unlike the  majority of vampire films, it is not really frightening. This is mostly  because we never actually get to relate to any of the victims of the  vampires. They are all just unknown, anonymous people playing convenient  walk on parts.<br />Instead, the film focuses on the life of a vampire. What  is it like to be immortal? How to reconcile former human feelings with the  constant need to kill in order to achieve immortality? What does it mean to  select another person to be initiated as a vampire? These are the major  preoccupations for the vampires in the film.<br />The film concentrates on  Louis de Pointe du Lac (Brad Pitt) and follows him from his vampire  beginnings in New Orleans to modern San Francisco. Unlike most vampire  films, he is depicted as a person with feelings of his own as are his  creator Lestat (Tom Cruise), their joint creation the child vampire Claudia  and Armand, the oldest vampire (Antonio Banderas).<br />The story is told  through the means of an interview with a young journalist played by  Christian Slater.<br />The phrase &quot;star studded&quot; hardly begins to  describe the cast list for this film and the whole movie has a feel of a  large budget which has been well spent. The only thing lacking seemed to be  that, while the film had a lot of action, it had little real atmosphere of  the sort found in, for example, &quot;Nosferatu the Vampyre&quot; by Werner  Herzog.<br />The film is fast paced with action all the way but there is  little in the way of plot or mystery. You know pretty well all the time  what is likely to happen next. That only detracts a little from what is one  of the best vampire films around. If you like this film, I'd recommend the  Herzog film mentioned above.
B000002NHN|5.0|Having followed the career of the marvellous Miss McKennitt from 'folky' Canadian harpist to New-Age Troubadour, I feel that as an artist, composer, vocalist and musician, she has thoroughly 'come of age' with THE BOOK OF  SECRETS, her many talents and interests culminating in an album which  defies description!  With THE BOOK OF SECRETS, Loreena takes us on her  musical magic carpet through  mysterious, ancient lands; one minute, we're  travelling with Marco Polo through 14th Century China, the next, we're  standing on a wind-swept moor in 17th Century England. Her astounding  musical diversity is rivalled only by her rich imagination. THE BOOK OF  SECRETS is an album one can truly 'lose' themselves in, escaping the  materialistic restraints of 21st Century life and plunging into the  beautiful tapestry of sounds and mental images this lovely Canadian lady  has invited us to exlore with her. I await with baited breath her next  studio album, although I cannot imagine anything rivalling the wonder of  THE BOOK OF SECRETS.
0515127485|3.0|Robert Harris in his novel Archangel presents me with something of a dilemma.  I enjoyed thoroughly some aspects of the book and others I found to be almost unreadable.  I do not have an issue with plots that are  far-fetched or fantastic in nature, but to convince me they do need an  element of conviction. At times, particularly in the latter half of  Archangel, I felt the author wanted nothing more than to get the book over  with.<br />Joseph Stalin is the central figure in the plot, his thoughts,  beliefs and actions shape the events of the novel. Indeed, Harris writes  well of the power of a belief system that led to the terrors of Stalinist  Russia. He conveys the almost depressing fear of that period in history and  transposes it to a modern day Soviet Union. Thus Harris is able to set the  scene of the book in an effective way and the tension builds in a  convincing manner.  However, in doing so Archangel is set in an almost  Orwellian Russia, where the bad guys are so bad that they come over a  little cliched and the Russian people become caricatures, almost totally  grey and devoid of humanity.<br />There was real scope in this book to develop  an excellent story line to a thrilling conclusion. For me this did not  happen in that the conclusion was so predictable that perhaps the  description `thriller' was not an appropriate one. In rushing the second  half of the novel and putting so little effort into the conclusion Robert  Harris missed a opportunity to make a mediocre novel into an excellent one.
B0000024PC|2.0|As other reviewers have said, this is music straight from the film, including a bunch of non-S&amp;G interludes. And don't expect to hear the version of &quot;Mrs. Robinson&quot; you know and love. That said, the  &quot;Mrs. Robinson&quot; you do get can be interesting for a change. And  sometimes it's nice to be reminded of the movie without having to watch it.  But honestly, this probably isn't an album to buy unless you've already got  everything else. Depite &quot;Scarborough Fair&quot; and &quot;The Sound of  Silence&quot;, this album rarely gets off of my shelf--it's a pain to have  to program my CD player to skip &quot;On the Strip,&quot; etc. every time I  want to listen to the disc. I hate to be so harsh, but there are better CDs  to buy to get the classic S&amp;G songs from the movie.
0808586165|5.0|Ever since I read this book as a middle-school student, I have been a devoted fan. I love this book, and think that everyone should read it. Not only is it a superbly crafted science-fiction adventure, but it also is  filled with deep layers of meaning. I have easily read the book 20 times,  cover-to-cover, and I get something new out of it each time I read the  novel.<br />Recently, I introduced the book to my brother and father. My  brother who normally is not an avid reader read the book in just a few days  during our vacation. My father then read the book and also found it to be  excellent.<br />My old copy is now falling apart. The pages are coming unglued  and the binding is broken (this is a paperback version; I'll know to get a  sturdier copy next time.) Out of all of the worn books on my bookshelf,  Ender's Game is the most worn, reflecting the love I have for that book  above all of my others.
B000000HXK|5.0|If you enjoy this and haven't heard the later Talk Talk albums Spirit of Eden and Laughing Stock, then go buy now!
B0000025P9|2.0|I remember when &quot;Toto IV&quot; was one of those albums everybody had to get, or at least was familiar with because of the radio play. So it was a favorite at the dances. &quot;Rosanna&quot; still resonates as perhaps  the group's best song on any disc, and &quot;Africa&quot; was a lot of fun,  too, for a while. Otherwise, what is there? Overall, this is a collection  of unremarkable songs that start out OK, but become repetitive after about  the first minute or so. &quot;Afraid of Love&quot; is the only other song  that stands repeated listening. Tracks 3 and 7 work if you're in the right  mood to put up with the lyrics, but that's about it. &quot;Hydra&quot;  still stands as the group's most interesting album, in my opinion, even  though it's pretty much overlooked and gets mixed reviews. It only produced  one Top 40 single but, where &quot;Toto IV&quot; fails to be anything  memorable after the first song ends, &quot;Hydra&quot; succeeds as an  entire CD worth listening to repeatedly.
B00003003R|5.0|My qualification, why 5 stars?, I mean, you can say: is this album perfect?. My answer is no. But the group and their kind of making music make me think that. 5 stars doesn't mean the perfection, you have to  consider the kind of album. <br />There are acoustic albums (the Unplugged  series), albums that are made in a studio and live albums like this one. In  my opinion, the live and acoustic albums are the way of knowing if your  group o singer is really a good one.    Firstly, these CDs were  recorded in a live concert, so it's not reasonable to ask for high quality,  I'm talking about the sound, as everybody knows in a live concert, singers  are singing without help of machines, and those equipment which is used for  making the CDs, to make the songs almost perfect (just ask Enrique Iglesias  and Ricky Martin who are awful singers but in a studio and helped by all  the modern techniques they seem to be good singers, but the true is ...  completely opposite, isn't it?), but the point is that there are some  \\"mistakes\\" in the album that could just be committed in a live concert, but  this is a great production. <br />Now, talking about the force, energy and  passion that Axl Rose shows is really amazing. Listening to Slash, Izzy  Stradlin', Matt Sorum and Duff is a pleasure that a real fan of the good  Rock N' Roll cannot miss. <br />If you are a GN'R fan,  this album is probably  the resurrection of  the band, a lot of time has passed until this moment  and you must buy this album. If you have seen a live concert of them,  you'll remember it. If you have never seen a GN'R live concert, this album  could help you to image how good they used to be.<br />Now you want to read  about the songs. Let's start with the first CD. Nightrain, Mr. Brownstone,  It's so easy, Welcome to the Jungle, Dust N' bones, My Michelle, all of  them are well kwon for all of us. The two first will remind you the concert  in Tokyo, after that a nice version of Patience sung by the attendancein  many parts of the song. Axl Rose playing the piano before singing November  Rain, a classic song of the band... the Slash's solos and the background  are the best complement for the concert.<br />The second CD contains many  songs from the Use Your Illusion II, Pretty tied up, Estranged, Yesterdays,  Knockin' on heaven's door, You could be mine (remember the film Terminator  2) and others like Don't cry, Sweet Child O'mine, Out ta get me, Move to  the city, and the best final, perhaps their most representative song,  Paradise City, played as if that was their last concert. <br />I never thought  this would be like it is. There's only one group which could make this  music, you know who they are.
B000002AP1|3.0|Raw Power is a great album, but this updated re-mix/ re-master does not do it justice. Sure, the original is a nightmare from any kind of technical viewpoint, but that was part of the original creation. and it's appeal. It  was the result of clueless junkies who had no idea how to produce or mix a  record properly, and it was art. I dock this release one star for the  atrocity of altering a classic. To me this whole thing is nothing more than  just louder and more distorted. It could have been remastered and retained  it's integrity, but the re-mixing just stinks.
0399143793|4.0|I have to say that Lee Child has made a smashing debut in mystery writing with his Jack Reacher novels.  For some reason, I liked the storyline in the first book better, but this one wasn't too far below it.  He kept the  action going at all times, and kept you wondering what was going to happen  to who, and when.  As with the first one, he was able to write a great book  without the profanity that a lot of writers use. That in itself puts him  right near the top of my list.  I can't wait to dive into the third Reacher  novel and see where he ends up next.
B000002UAR|5.0|The Beatles,well we are probably unlikely to hear anything coming close to this excellent piece of work.Only 2 albums (in my opinion) are better than this and they are The White album by The Beatles and OK Computer by  Radiohead. The Beatles taking a differant direction to their catchy sing a  longs of She Loves You,Twist and Shout ect...... taking this album to  extraodinary heights like Harrisons Taxman which is up there with While my  guitar gently weeps and possibly the two greatest songs ever which is Here  There and Everywhere and Tommorow never knows. The only poor song is Ringos  terrible nursery rhyme Yellow Submerine (ugh) it makes me cringe and is a  big blot in a superb album. But I can not give it four stars just because  of one song as all the others blow your mind with the great melodys and  beutiful singing (especially Paul). An album from a band which takes you to  new heights everytime you hear them.<br />MINDBLOWING!
B0000020C4|5.0|Overall, this is definitely the best Les Mis CD I've heard. It is a live concert that brings together the greatest actors that have played the roles. Colm Wilkenson's acting and emotion cancel out the fact that his  voice is not the very best. Lea Salonga plays Eponine with a strength that  makes you respect her as well as feel compassion for her. Her voice is  brethtaking as well. Judy Kuhn is an excellent Cosette, although her voice  has deepened slightly from the Broadway recording. Michael Maguire has a  beautiful voice (although his technique is not always perfect) and a  personality that invigorates. Phillip Quast has one of the most beautiful  male voices I've heard and the Thenardiers are very funny. Fantine conveys  the pain in her heart exquisitely and Michael Ball is simply the best  Marius ever. Start your Les Mis collection with this one. Add it if you  don't already have it.
0783241569|5.0|I am a Julia Roberts fan, but not particularly a Hugh Grant fan. In this film, he is totally charming and sweet, very similar to his character in &quot;Four Weddings and a Funeral&quot;. Julia Roberts carries herself with  ease in a role that I am sure is very similar to her own life. The  supporting cast of characters was stupendous - they're rough and tumble,  yet totally loveable. I recommend you see this film, just make sure you  have someone to cuddle up with!
B00000BKE0|5.0|This is definitely the Album I would recommend to someone who is not familiar with Maiden's Music. Forget Seventh Son which saw Maiden go downhill to a mix of synth-guitars and sometimes boring long songs. This is  more Maiden than anything they released after &quot;live after death&quot;,  it marks a comeback to a more raw and simple style and is closer to early  efforts like &quot;Killers&quot; or &quot;Number of the Beast&quot;. Bruce  doesn't try to reach new peaks in high singing and this is definitely more  sympathic and enjoyable than his attempts to a real &quot;siren&quot;. Here  is my tracklist : <br />1. Tailgunner - a great opener, the guitar playing in  the beginning is amazing! Heavy and fast - this is Maiden on Top of  Things!<br />2.Holy Smoke - The most criticized song on the whole Album, but  only by people who mix up Maiden with Dream Theater! Simple but effective,  it could have been on &quot;Number of the Beast&quot;!<br />3.No prayer for  the dying - Half-a-ballad with a great Melody. Somehow reminds me of  &quot;Afraid to shoot Strangers&quot; on the later, even better, &quot;Fear  of the Dark&quot;.<br />4.Puplic Enema No. One - Antother good song with a lot  of mighty guitars and a catchy refrain.<br />5.Fates Warning - creepy and  cool. My favorite Song on the whole Album, Bruce is at his cruelest (  positively! )<br />6.The Assasain - weakest Song on the album, still not bad  but quite too &quot;familiar&quot;.<br />7.Running silent, running deep -  Bruce and the rest on top of Things, the song has a great  atmosphere.<br />8.Hooks in you - same as for holy smoke, catchy and heavy  without being boring<br />9.Bring your daughter to the Slaughter - another  highlight, the most known song of this album. It made me freak out when  they played it live!<br />10.Mother Russia - not that good, more in the vain  of &quot;Seventh Son&quot;-Style. But a good ending for a great  album!<br />Sadly, this album hasn't gained the reputation it deserves.At the  Time it was released, Nirvana and other Bands were quite more in. But this  Album is timeless, don't belive the bad reviews! Maiden were preparing for  their Best Album ever &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot;.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Those of her fans who may not have been captivated by her first album, &quot;...Baby One More Time&quot; due to it's relatively neive lyrics and bubble gum pop sound are shocked by this excellent combination of songs.  The album starts off with first single and title track &quot;Oops!...I Did  It Again&quot; an obvious dance track with a very catchy tune. Then goes  into perhaps, literally one of the strongest tracks on the album,  &quot;Stronger&quot;. In the chorus of this song, is a reminiscent line  from her very first debut single &quot;...Baby One More Time&quot; which is  &quot;My loneliness, is killing me&quot; Instead, Britney belts out  &quot;My loneliness ain't killing me no more&quot; proving her awareness  that she's grown in these past view years, physically, emotionally, and  talent wise. The third track, &quot;Don't Go Knocking On My Door&quot; is  very R&amp;B for a different sound, you're almost amazed it's Britney but  it is. There are fabulous songs on this album, but the 2 that really stand  out are &quot;What You See (Is What You Get)&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot;.  &quot;What You See (Is What You Get)&quot; is the most popular song in the  opinion of her fans. In another dance track, Britney shows her capability  to give out a catchy tune, accompanied by very powerful lyrics.  &quot;Lucky&quot; is a story in the form of a song. It's narrarator of  course is Britney, but she doesn't play the lead role. As seen in it's  music video she merely observes the star &quot;Lucky&quot; of whom the  lyrics are about. Again she puts out messages with her songs, this time  about how a star as successful as &quot;Lucky&quot; or maybe even Britney  herself can still think and feel &quot;If there's nothing missing in my  life, than why do these tears come at night.&quot; The whole album ends on  &quot;Dear Diary&quot;, not a favorite of most fans, and almost seemingly  out of place on this album compiled of more mature lyrics, but since it's  the last track, maybe it signafies that even someone as famous as Britney  Spears can be a little nervous when it comes to love, and that she's as  down-to-earth as the next girl. She's done it again.
B000006NPY|5.0|The Pumpkins had to change after &quot;Mellon Collie&quot;, and if you think not, you didn't listen to it. &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; IS the greatest Album of the nineties and perfect in every way. There is nothing  left to improve or develop, this Album was a castle of wonders and if they  would have tried to do the same style on their next, the reputation of  &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; would have been gone.  So now, here's  &quot;Adore&quot; and it is a great album in his own way. I live for  Rock'n'Roll whatever you think that means but this Album is a departure  from every standard the Pumpkins ever had. It displays Billy Corgan more  than any other Album he made and I think he wrote his most personal lyrics  ever, knowhing that this was more or less &quot;his&quot; album. The Songs  are all great and, in a different way, even more emotional than in the  past. &quot;Tear&quot; or &quot;For Martha&quot; will convince you if you  don't belive me. All in all, this is a calm and quiet piece of greatness,  sad but not hopeless, music for rainy autumm days, whatever you want to  call it. Every Pumpkins Album is a fascinating Mystery for it's own and  this is no exeption.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is by far the best album of the decade. From front to back every song is excellent.  The best song is &quot;jimmy&quot; which took me four years to appreciate is excellence. Maynard's singing is incredible and he shows  so much range.  There is no way of describing the lyrics in this album,  just mystifying but so true and still there is room for so much  interpritation. This is a must own album for a music lover who is board  with the commericalism that has taken over the radio
B000021Y7X|5.0|What a great performance---wish I'd seen this one live---thank goodness for DVD's crispness and superior sound capturing the experience of The Talking Heads in what has to be their finest hour.  The show opens with  David Byrne performing &quot;Psycho Killer&quot; solo; band members join  the show progressively and the setting is built by stagehands in the same  manner.  Very effective build-up to a well-correographed show.  Highly  recommend this keepsake of the 80's; very energizing to watch.
6304011431|5.0|Powder is the magnificent story of an albino boy who's very high IQ and different looks gets him into some trouble. After his grandfather dies, he goes to live in a home for young boys. Everything is ok, until he goes to  school. He'd never been to school before and so it is all quite new and  scary. His looks do not help him make friends, either. After a freak  accident in school occurs, his teacher finds that he is more different that  one would expect. They have him take an IQ test and he proves to be the  smartest person ever! But that doesn't stop the harrassment.... It's a  great movie.
0767849493|5.0|After hearing all of the hype about the Catholic-bashing of this movie, I had to see it. As a Catholic, I was hardly offended. Rather, I was left in stitches. First off, it was a completely original premise- the whole idea  of fallen angels attempting to re-enter heaven. One of the things I liked  about the idea is that it gives a glimpse of the dangers in dogmatic  beliefs. Secondly, I thought the dialogue and acting were great! I have  never seen an angel talk a cleric out of her faith before in a movie. I  also found the characters to be incredible. People like Chris Rock, Alan  Rickman, Ben Affleck and Matt Damon made their characters totally  believable.  Simply put, this was a very funny movie that pokes fun at the  structure of religion, not any one belief, and Catholicism tends to have  more structure and guilt associated with it than any other religion I know.  This is definitely a must-see movie- ESPECIALLY if you're Catholic.
6305171769|5.0|Halloween is one of the greatest horror-series ever. And this last installment is a really terrifying production. Jamie Lee Curtis is back,  and that is good, but Steve Miner has decieded to totally ignore parts 2-6.  What a shame!  Anyway, we also meet Adam Arkin and Michelle Williams, and  we all know how professional they are.I can guareentee you, that a few good  scares as always, are included this time also. The soundtrack is good, even  if they didn't use the original Halloween theme, as the plan was from the  beginning. Michael is as always, not a very nice person. And also the last  scene where Jamie Lee is confonted with Michael, reminds me quite a lot of  the scene in Halloween 6, when Michael kills Jamie (not Curtis) in the  farm. And then to a conclusion. If you haven't already seen this movie,  don't rent it. Buy it, because this is a movie that is worth owning!
0671034065|5.0|Linda Howard is back on track with this book.  The romance was great, the characters were warm and funny.  Heroine was quick witted and tough.  After being disappointed with &quot;All the Queens Men&quot; my faith in Linda  Howard has been restored.  Excellent mix of mystery, who-done-it, sex and  romance.  Stirred my emotions and made me laugh.  I had a wonderful time  reading it and savored it 'til the end.
0515125024|4.0|This was not as good as Killing Floor, right? But it's still a decent read, right? My biggest criticism of Child's books is his abuse of the word &quot;right&quot;, right? No one I know uses that word at the end of every  third sentence, right? Yet EVERYONE in this book does, right? And it's VERY  annoying and distracting, right? The plot is far-fetched, Reacher is an  Uber-mensch whom anyone would've killed off right from the start, and the  main baddie is a cartoon cut-out (why does he have to weigh 400 pounds?)  Still, it was a fun, easy read. Mr. Child-PLEASE lose the  &quot;rights&quot;, right?
B000002LFU|1.0|I was so disappointed when I first got this album.  Their earlier albums were so great.  Then I got my hands on this stinker.  What happened?  We know these guys have talent. Where did it go?  To me this is soulless pop  music.  They hide this blatant immersion into pop, with the facade of art.   Vague lyrics and quirkiness doesn't equate art.  Instead it's just that,  meaningless. This CD was the first in step down a slippery slope for what  was a great band.
006092988X|3.0|A fine book.  An interesting book.  But hardly one that I would single out for highest praise.  Why not try &quot;Anne of Green Gables,&quot; &quot;Harriet the Spy,&quot; &quot;Caddie Woodlawn&quot; or &quot;From the  Mixed Up Files...&quot;  instead?
B00003CWN2|4.0|Hilary Swank does a Fantastic Job here.this Film started kinda slow for me but it picks around the Middle&amp;it never lets up.it keeps your full  attention on this Tragedy.this film shows what Pure Hate can Lead to.this  film was well written&amp;Directed.it stayed Focused without being overly  Done.it made it's point with a Very Sad Ending.
B000007WNN|5.0|Much simpler than the average hard rock album, much easier than your Pearl Jam album, much stronger than most albums that come out today! A very good CD, very easy to listen to, just guitar bass and drum, with a very good  melodic talent. Actually, I think the good thing of the album is the mix  between the pure energy and the melodic creativity, the rithm and the  sound! Wild Flower, Electric Ocean, Love removal machine are very powerful  songs, good if you want to listen while jogging, or driving. Don't  underestimate this band, it's not a CD just for bikers or for fans of Deep  Purple, it's a very good solid rock album, reminds me more of Lou Reed's  &quot;New York&quot; album than of some Hard Rock band. Of course, Led  Zeppelin influence is strong, but not as much as people say, this CD has  more rithm and less melody than your typical Zep's album.
0671027344|4.0|this book was ok. basically its starts off good. but the author could've done a better job and holding your attention. i mean,it's the same thing over and over. the kid goes to school and daydreams. sometimes he drinks or  does drugs. he asks a lot of questions and wonders a lot about sex. he sees  the rocky horror picture show. thats it...and it...and it. i'll admit,  there was a lot of honesty on the author's part. yet at times, it seemed a  little over the top with some of the occurences in charlie's life; like the  author added elements of death to hold our attention. it was good, but not  all out 5 stars.
B00003CXBH|5.0|Lush cinematography, haunting soundtrack, and two actors at their best. What's not to love.
B000000I0J|5.0|Esta musica que escuche por primera vez en El Club de Yetem y que sonaba a las 3 de la manana para indicar la hora de salida. Alli me enamore' de este tema que volvi' a usar como cortina musical de un programa de radio en el  ao 1998.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|After the dreadfull X Factor (it was a mjor dissapointment) this 28 year-old Maiden fan is enraptured with this stunning collection of songs. Maiden new that this album would be make-or-break for them, and have  silenced all criticism by creating the finest album since 7th Son. In my  personal opinion, i consider this album to outrank the still-superb  Powerslave. I'm looking forward to their shows in California. NOW GO FORTH  METALHEADS AND KICK SOME ARSE!
0345428064|3.0|Experienced SAS operator Andy McNab deserves credit for sparing us the predictable Hollywood-style action novel. He keeps things realistic: long on tradecraft details and short on gratuitous action.  <br />Beneath a thin  international intrigue veneer, what we really have here is an  unromanticized glimpse into the tedious, unexciting day-to-day drudgery of  witness-protection work. Spywork, fights and shoot-outs do take place, but  the writer shows great discipline and keeps the bang-bang restrained within  the context of the mission at hand. <br />If you're expecting spec ops action  a' la Rainbow Six, sass like Richard Marcinko, or spy dramas in John Le  Carre's style, you'll have to go elsewhere.<br />I vote 5 stars for realism, 3  stars for overall reading enjoyment. In any event, Andy McNab looks to have  a very promising future as a writer of special operations novels.
1878424319|5.0|&quot;The Four Agreements&quot; by Don Miguel Ruiz is some of the best money I have ever spent.  For such a small book this one could certainly change many more lives that people I'll ever meet in mine.  It breaks  everything all down and lets your soul be your guide.  The four basic  agreements are:<br />1.  Be Impeccable With Your Words.<br />2.  Don't Take  Anything Personally.<br />3.  Don't Make Assumptions.<br />4.  Always Do Your  Best.  <br />You can't break it down much more than that.  These basic goals  and hopes are wonderfully helpful and a path to making ones life a bit  easier.  <br />While, I'm not one for a lot of self-awareness books,  self-help, etc....but, I certainly found this one helpful, honest and  forceful.  It made me take a good look at myself and make some changes in  how I plan to proceed from this day.  If nothing else, give yourself a  chance and read this book.  It might be helpful.
1878424319|3.0|I just finished Don Miguel's book this morning, going through the last 90 pages in a little over an hour.  I liked the 40 pages I read yesterday the best and feel that I would not have missed out had I not finished the book.   I feel that it was over simplified and mostly applicable to people whose  lives are in a more depressed or out-of-control state than I am at  currently.  And if that is the case, there are better books to  read.<br />Still, there were some novel concepts and I may use a variation of  his agreements or the &quot;agreement&quot; concept as the basis for my  classroom rules this year.<br />The comparison to &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; was  pretty lame, as that is the fantasy of all fantasies (although I did enjoy  the movie and the music!).  Nobody's life is like that, nor could it ever  be like that.<br />Sometimes it did not seem flow very smoothly and, it jumped  topics in the middle of a section.  And some of the analogies were not  complete.  I don't know, I just didn't seem to grasp the sense of  credibility that I expected.  It seemed to be a mix of Millman, Chopra and  Castaneda, but without the real substance of any of them.<br />All in all, the  book is a fast read and inexpensive, so it couldn't hurt to give it a shot.   Maybe your situation will be more receptive to what he has to say--my  situation was not.
0671034065|1.0|What a disappointment after waiting so long for Linda Howard's new book.  I guess the nicest way to put it would be to say that the book and its title characters are crude--the kind of crude that the lower orders  consider sophisticated humor.  Perhaps the type who hang out at Hooters  will find Mr. Perfect and its characters vastly amusing and full of  sophisticated sexual humor.  Those with a bit of taste will be left cold by  the low-class hero and heroine--who might not have been so unappealing if  they had been developed more by the author.  As with so many authors, the  move from category to mainstream has taken a nasty toll on Ms. Howard's  work.  I think back to some of her early categories--Almost Forever, The  Cutting Edge--then read Mr. Perfect and am very sad. I hold out hope that  her new category (Silhouette) due out this month will be a return to the  high-quality,higher-class storytelling that originally attracted me to Ms.  Howard's books.
B000023VR6|4.0|Dr.Dre produce his own awesome album with alot of great rap artist like Snoop Dogg,Eminem,Hittman,and MC Ren,when I start listening to this CD I was hook on it,the music and the lyrics was tight all of the track was  tight!.Dr.Dre use a different beat not like his old album,but!who care! is  a new music for me and you.Dr.Dre is still the best rapper of all  time,&quot;AFTERMATH FOREVER&quot;
0671034065|1.0|What a disappointment after waiting so long for Linda Howard's new book.  I guess the nicest way to put it would be to say that the book and its title characters are crude--the kind of crude that the lower orders  consider sophisticated humor.  Perhaps the type who hang out at Hooters  will find Mr. Perfect and its characters vastly amusing and full of  sophisticated sexual humor.  Those with a bit of taste will be left cold by  the low-class hero and heroine--who might not have been so unappealing if  they had been developed more by the author.  As with so many authors, the  move from category to mainstream has taken a nasty toll on Ms. Howard's  work.  I think back to some of her early categories--Almost Forever, The  Cutting Edge--then read Mr. Perfect and am very sad. I hold out hope that  her new category (Silhouette) due out this month will be a return to the  high-quality,higher-class storytelling that originally attracted me to Ms.  Howard's books.
B00003Q43A|4.0|I like ID4!one of my favorite sci-fi movie for the past 5 year.Finally ID4 is on the DVD format,now is loaded with good extra,one disc is the movie &amp; two disc with supplemental like making of the ID4 movie and more.Let  me tell you the picture of ID4 is awesome!is crystal clear and very bright  is better then VHS,the dolby 5.1 sound is great,the alien spacecraft was  flying around my bedroom,AWESOME! The special edition was awesome  &quot;great work 20th century fox!.&quot;
B000002U94|4.0|I agree with the other reviewers that this is a better greatest hits collection than the actual greatest hits CD.  however, it hardly sounds like a live album.  When seger achieved commercial success he fell into the  same trap that the eagles have always been in - playing the songs *exactly*  as they were recorded in the studio.  &quot;Old Time Rock &amp; Roll&quot;  is the only song that sounds different with it's extended intro and lower  key presumably so Bob could handle the vocals live.  If you're looking for  a place to start your seger collection and want to start with the hits then  definitely buy this one first.  However, if you're looking for some great  live seger drop everything you're doing and pick up Live Bullet.  Now  *that* is a five-star album!
B00004T9UF|5.0|His Sophmore cd proves he can be white and rap as good as a black rapper.  All his tracks are phat and he is the best.  From Kill You to Criminal, he tells it like it is and he is not afraid of what other people think of him.
B00003CWTI|2.0|If I were to begin this as a normal movie review, and then it went on and on for thousands of words, full of sometimes dazzling paragraphs that  didn't relate to each other, and if this review then somehow turned into a  haiku written in German about squirrels, how would you respond to it? If  you were feeling generous, you might allow that it's fitfully interesting  (after all, nobody's ever attempted THIS before), but you also might point  out there's a good REASON nobody's done it before.<br />Something like that  happens in (and to) MAGNOLIA, the new film by the madly ambitious Paul  Thomas Anderson (BOOGIE NIGHTS). For long stretches, even the long bad  stretches, I wanted to give it the benefit of the doubt: Nobody could call  MAGNOLIA timid or ordinary. But the cumulative effect of three hours and  ten minutes of disjointed emotions, random despair, and freak occurrences  that get right in your face and dare you not to take them seriously ...  well, it's exhausting, even punitive. Anderson wants to grab us and hold  us, but that isn't the same as involving us; he seems to prolong the scenes  and shuffle the storylines simply because he can. Anderson loves the  bullying CONTROL of being a movie director.<br />In Los Angeles, a variety of  people move through their meaningless days, nursing old wounds, sinking  into fits of self-loathing. In outline, MAGNOLIA is a lot like Robert  Altman's SHORT CUTS, in which flawed, hapless people were caught in the  pitiless hands of fate - and of Altman. Anderson is more gentle; he gives  his actors moments they can sink their teeth into. But they're just moments  - they play like exercises designed for an acting class, and they hardly  make sense; they're not organic to the movie, but then nothing else in the  movie is, either.<br />Anderson busily sets up many \\"literary\\" parallels.  There are two dying old fathers, both of whom work or worked in television  (Anderson's own father, Ernie Anderson, was the Cleveland kid's-TV  horror-movie host Ghoulardi). One, Earl Partridge (Jason Robards), is  estranged from his son (Tom Cruise), a dynamic how-to-pick-up-women  lecturer probably patterned on Ross Jeffries. The other, Jimmy Gator  (Philip Baker Hall), hosts a quiz show pitting kids against adults, and is  hated by his daughter (Melora Walters in the film's most touching  performance), a cokehead who develops an uneasy bond with a good-hearted  cop (John C. Reilly). <br />There is also a former quiz-show whiz kid, Donnie  Smith (William H. Macy), now a bitter nowhere man who apparently lost his  smarts when hit by lightning (Anderson does love these sick jokes of  God's); a current whiz kid on Jimmy Gator's show is browbeaten by his own  father into winning, just like Donnie was. Why all this elaborate  father-son venom? As in BOOGIE NIGHTS, Anderson lays on the vituperative  scenes of conflict, the bathetic moments of reconciliation. If he hates his  late father, I wish he'd work it out somewhere other than in his  movies.<br />Writing about Eugene O'Neill's mammoth play THE ICEMAN COMETH,  Pauline Kael noted that \\"banality in depth can let loose our common  demons,\\" and Anderson may have been trying for that. But what he ends up  with is banality at LENGTH - punishing length. MAGNOLIA is like a season's  worth of soap-opera vignettes, acted vigorously by a sincere cast. (Some of  the actors don't come off. The usually dependable Julianne Moore, as Earl's  viciously miserable young wife, knocks herself silly trying to do something  real with her unwritten character.) The most painful part of MAGNOLIA is  that Paul Thomas Anderson isn't a no-talent; you can't dismiss him. He has  a genuine gift for melancholy, and some of the pieces of MAGNOLIA are  first-rate. But this film and BOOGIE NIGHTS keep veering between wildly  contrasting moods: dynamic energy and sodden depression; exaltation and  despair. And the stories he's telling just don't justify the workout he  puts us through.<br/>If MAGNOLIA were shorter, it might make a fascinating  folly; if it were LONGER - say, a miniseries for HBO, with more time  allotted for the characters to develop beyond sketches of misery - it  might've been the best thing on TV. At times the movie seems to tremble  under the strain of trying not to crack apart, and at the end, the film  completely loses it - it's as if Anderson, desperate for a spectacular  finish and an easy way out of his dozen plot threads, had opted for the  most arrogantly nonsensical climax possible. Cue the frogs! Is Anderson  insane? Or did his ambition just get the better of him? MAGNOLIA is a mess,  but it's somehow encouraging: It takes a gifted director to make a movie  this extravagantly foolish.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Okay, I've read some reviews some are good, and I agree othersare really harsh and Dumb! A lot of people talk bad about Britney,things like: ooohhh she doesn't write of all the songs on her cd, she's a bad dancer,she doesn't hold the key(note), she doesn't play any instruments! First of all: Britney doesn't write a lot of her songs but she did write: I'm so curious and Dear Diary, and let's not forget that Whitney Houston, doesn't write her songs and I never seen reviews trashing her because of this, Christina Aguilera, doesn''t write any of her songs, only What A Girl Wants, but she CO-wrote this song adding &quot;the&quot; and &quot;ohoh&quot; &quot;yeyeyeyeeee&quot;. OOOOHHHHH Big deal. And others that do not write their own material: Jesssica Simpson, Mandy Moore, Hoku, BSB, N'sync, Westlife... For those who say she is a bad dancer, HELLO! Did you ever see dance? Watch the alternate version of Sometimes, and some dances moves on BOMT and Crazy. Even in Born to Make you Happy she dances (Euro Video). And I want to see you TRY to sing and dance at the same time, She doesn't lip-sych, I know she doesn't cause her voice is different from the cd and stuff... If some of the Britney-haters actually listened to her Cd before saying that she doesn't hold the key(note), listen to: I'm not that innocent I'm stronger As long as you don't come back What you see is what you get And they say And much more...  Britney's voice is UNIQUE just like Macy Gray. And I don't see anyone giving har bad reviews. Unlike Mariah's, Christina's, jessica's and Angela Via voice, all of them sound the same. Britney learning to play guitar, she can play Born To make you Happy and Dear Diary, but she thinks that she is not ready yet to play live, in the studio she played and recorded one song. Born to Make You Happy (remix), just some parts. BUT HEY, THAT'S MUCH BETTER THAN A LOT OF ARTISTS OUT THERE: Michael jackson, mariah carey, whitney houston, macy gray, sisqo, christina aguilera, jessica simpson, mandy moore, tlc and MUCH more.... OOps I did it again, it's a fun album, and very well made, the album have all kind of styles: R&amp;B, Country, POP, Soul, pop-ballads, funk and dance/techno.
B000000OSO|5.0|No, it's not the best album Aerosmith has done (see &quot;Toys In The Attic&quot; for details), but it is one of their best. Many people complain that there are too many power ballads. These people are obviously judging  the album by the tracks they hear on the radio. There are three ballads out  of fourteen tracks, but it seems that all you hear on the air are those  three.<br />These ballads do tend to sound a bit alike (another common  complaint), but they are hardly identical. My personal favorite of these  three is &quot;Cryin',&quot; but all are good as far as ballads go. And I  must emphasize that all three are FAR superior to &quot;I Don't Want To  Miss A Thing.&quot;<br />On the other hand, if you don't like ballads, there  is plenty here for you, too. &quot;Livin' On The Edge,&quot; &quot;Gotta  Love It,&quot; and &quot;Eat The Rich&quot; are all classic Aerosmith  rockers, and any one of the three justifies the cost of the disc. You can  always skip over the ballads if you so desire.<br />If you're just getting  into Aerosmith, I'd suggest buying Toys or Pump first. If you already have  those two, what are you waiting for? Buy it already!
6303282237|2.0|11th century Spanish history is one of those areas that Hollywood doesn't cast its glaring spotlight on too often. And it shows. A period complex in its shifting loyalties and alliances suddenly has to be made comprehensible  to the 'common man.' The moguls responded with one of the greatest  mismatchings in cinematic history - Sophia Loren, perhaps the most alluring  woman to ever feature on the big screen, and Charlton Heston. The tender  emotion is definitely not Charlton Heston's forte and his rugged, wooden  acting style is unable to pay tribute to Sophia's immense charms even  though their relationship in the story is supposed to be the mainspring of  the drama.<br />After Don Rodrigo kills her father in an early scene, we are  left to wonder whether they will hit it off later in the movie, but whether  these two mismatched people get together again seems rather meaningless.  From this point on it is only the historical spectacle and the occasional  glimpse of Sophia's exotic cheekbones and bee sting lips that can keep us  interested.<br />The final scene which strives to arouse a sense of the  mythic by pulling heavily on Christian symbolism looks ridiculous as a dead  man nailed in the saddle drives the fearsome Almoravid hordes from the  walls of Valencia. Hollywood and History always produce an interesting car  crash and this is one of the most interesting.
0767819594|5.0|I was 31 last summer when this came out and my 19-year-old assistant dragged me out to see it.  I was a big fan of the original play and the film versions (&quot;Dangerous Liasons&quot; and &quot;Valmont&quot;) and  the idea of a &quot;teenaged&quot; version just made me annoyed.  I had NO  DESIRE to see this.  Personally, I loathe Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan  Philippe and thought I would hate every second.<br />HOW WRONG I WAS!   This  was a phenomenally produced, well-directed, exceptionally well-written,  faithfully adapted contemporarization, and I adored every second.  I went  back to see it again, and must have seen it on HBO a dozen more times.  <br />Not to mention the kicking soundtrack.  I just ordered it...it was  fantastic.  The &quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; cover at the end was just  genius.  Yes, kids, Verve did not write that song...<br />And how hot was that  scene with Selma Blair and Gellar in the park?   I still think Gellar  and Philippe can't act to save their lives, but she is a hoot in this piece  and he has nothing really difficult to do so I found them both less  annoying then usual.<br />This ranks up there with &quot;Wild Things&quot; as  the Movie Most Likely to Amaze You With Its Evil Coolness.
0375707972|2.0|I hated this book.  Yah, yah, the prose is good; but the promise on the cover of a &quot;morally devastating novel&quot; is not good. There are two parts to the book. In the first, 15-year-old Michael Berg begins an affair  with Hanna, a woman in her mid-thirties. That part of the book is good. The  writer seems to capture the logic and emotions of a 15-year-old boy quite  realistically.  In the second part, Michael is a grown man watching the  trial of his former lover. This is the part that really fails. There is no  sense that Michael has matured in any way. Also, the final message is not  morally devastating nor even believable.    I wonder about those who've  written that the book made them change the way they look at the Holocaust.  What, they never thought that ordinary, mostly decent people participated?  They never thought that many of the perpetrators were caught in events from  which they saw no escape? For a better discussion of these issues, read  Hannah Arendt, not Bernhard Schlink. If the book weren't so hyped, I'd  probably give it three stars, but I feel like there needs to be a leavening  influence here.
0783241569|1.0|This movie was B-O-R-I-N-G!  Sure the movie was sweet(I guess) and it gets you thinking (kind of), but it was a million paces too slow and I would generalize it as weird in an &quot;oh, come on...&quot; kind of way.  But hey, if your into semi-romantic, unrealistic movies and enjoy looking  forward to the end...go for it!
6305897786|2.0|This film started out as a very interesting and complex thriller.  The first 3/4 of this movie are very well acted, exciting, and extremely interesting.  The first 3/4 of this film will hook the viewer into an  intelligent thriller.<br />I also enjoyed seeing the great locations much of  the film takes place in in Portugal and France.<br />However, for all the  films great acting and intelligence so clearly seen for most of the movie,  it takes a turn for the worse.  And I mean really bad.  What makes me so  mad about this film is how curious the story made me about this book and  yet the final 15-20 minutes are nothing short of a cheesy horror movie cop  out.  To be honest the ending stinks.<br />Again what is so horrible about  this film is that for over an hour and a half this film is very good.  It  is a great film that piques your interest.  I could not wait to find out  what this book was and why it was so important.  And what does the film do  with this intelligent plot and our interest?  The film breaks down into a  poorly acted and stupid ending.<br />The film looks good.  The DVD package is  good.  The extra stuff is pretty cool.  But the bottom line is that a  potentially great story is taken out from under us and we are left with a  very cheesy and not much better than a Friday the 13th Part whatever type  ending.<br />What a waste of a movie that was almost very good.
0449911357|5.0|Fannie Flagg is one of the best writers about the south and &quot;Fried Green Tomatoes&quot; is her best book.  Everytime I read this book it is like coming home to the little cafe downtown and to the sound of the old  trains that used to pass in the night.  The characters are like old friends  and the strength of spirit an inspiration.  I would recomend this book to  any woman who needs a good laugh and a good cry because this book will give  you both.
6305892946|1.0|Go ahead! Say it! (in persons voice) You don't know the ending to this if you never watched it!  Well I did! After viewing the preview, I figured it out!  Not very hard. This is Wes Cravens worst movie yet!  If you don't  know the ending of this after watching the preview, then you have got to be  dumb. Don't buy this movie because the mystery of it is gone and hardly any  action occurs in the film! This movie doesn't even deserve to be a film!
B00004T8RK|4.0|Back in the early 90's, &quot;grunge&quot; was all the rave, as well it should have been.  It was something new and previously unheard.  Then, sometime around 97 or so, something went wrong with the grunge rockers.   Nirvana had been dead for a couple years, Soundgarden was on the verge of  breaking up, Alice in Chains was idle, as were Stone Temple Pilots.  The  only band that made it huge, riding the wave (that they created) of grunge  music, that still put out records regularly was Pearl Jam.<br />Now, why did I  write down this little anecdote...well, it is a classic example of how big  business (meaning the record industry) tends to ruin all that is beatiful,  or fun in music.  It happened with the hair metal bands of the 80's, it  happened with grunge, and it's going to happen to RapRock (as well as the  boy bands).  Pearl Jam no longer tears up the charts with mega hits like  &quot;Jeremy,&quot; &quot;Daughter,&quot; or &quot;Betterman&quot; like  they did for the first few years of their career.  PJ experienced a  &quot;downward spiral effect&quot; following the release of No Code.  No  Code was actually a good album, but it didn't have a strong single to boost  its sales.  Same thing with Yield, and I'm afraid, same thing with  Binaural.  Binaural, by no means is their best work to date.  It pales in  comparison to Ten and Vs.  But that is only because those albums were off  the charts (this still earns a respectable 4 stars).<br />This album contains  some great tracks.  The first single earned some radio play, but on a very  temporary basis.  I believe it deserved more.  It is a pretty deep song,  with very good music to back they lyrics.  Unfortunately for Pearl Jam,  because the current trend in Rock is the RapMetal fad, the songs on this CD  will never get the radio play they deserve, and in turn, the CD will never  get the sales figures of Ten and Vs, even though it deserves them (the  album opened up at #2 on the charts thanks to some very loyal fans, myself  included).  Pearl Jam, while still a formidable rock band (just check out  one of their live shows ..oh wait, they are all sold out), has seemingly  fallen off, or perhaps were pushed off the face of pop culture.  That  doesn't change the fact that they still wirte great music.  I really  believe that you should own this album.  The strongest tracks are  &quot;Nothing as it Seems,&quot; &quot;Thin Air,&quot; &quot;Of the  Girl,&quot; &quot;Breakherfall,&quot; and &quot;God's Dice.&quot;  <br />It  would be unprecedented for the grunge scene, or the hair metal scene to  come back as strong as it once was, but Pearl Jam may come back to the  limelight once again.  Rumors have been swarming that No Code, Yield, and  Binaural are not as strong records, meaning, not containing strong singles  that get major airplay, because PJ has a bum contract with Epic, in which  they earn a poor percentage of the records sold.  That contract is up now,  and supposedly, all the killer singles that they have been writing over the  years will come out now that they can negotiate for a better (and well  deserved) paycheck.  If untrue, and this IS most likely untrue, I am still  satisfied with the music they produce.  I only wish for their sake, and for  the sake of their fans who crave new PJ regularly, that their sales were  stronger.  The number of quality tracks on this album certainly deserve  more attection and more sales.
6304308396|5.0|Capturing the world of corporate politics, love, loneliness and city life The Apartment hooks ones soul. Christmas in a lonely city - the raging debilitating fever and the yearning for someone so close and yet so far  away. Jack Lemmon and Shirley MacLaine sum up the emotions of the corporate  cog - lambs running with wolves. Never a wasted frame, excellent  photography and score, with winning lines delivered by a cast of character  actors. Capturing a time and a place precisely because it wasn't trying -  this movie IS NYC in those years before teenagers affected the way adults  lived, worked and dressed.
B00004RHZU|5.0|Pink is an awesome woman and she has a great voice. I just saw her live @ the *NSYNC concert, and she rocked!  In all of her songs she delivers a great message to a really cool beat!  If you're lookin for great beats,  then this is the perfect CD.
6305897786|2.0|I think the idea here ws to create a commentary on human greed or 'evil' or some such. There is little action, OK acting and the plot drags on.  Also, there is no ending, really; no climax, no nothin' after making you  wait for SOMETHING to happen for 2 hours. It doesn't even fly as as an  'art' film; I like art films, and this doesn't cut it.  I give 2 stars  instead of 1 because the film locations are nice...
B000002KD5|5.0|For fans who have been listening since the beginning,  this album is often the pick for Fleetwood Mac favorites. If like me, you've been Rumoursed to death, this record provides a nice relief from all the overplayed radio  hits;  and showcases what was about to turn into a magical chemistry of  five different musicians. The gorgeous subtle production that made the  Buckingham Nicks record sound so buttery is also on &quot;Fleetwood  Mac&quot; thanks to producer Keith Olsen. Christine McVie's voice is golden  and Stevie Nicks offers up two of her best examples of songwriting:  Landslide and Crystal. Never sounding dated, the collection of songs on  this album goes down slow and easy and makes you long for a forgotten warm  summer day from your childhood.Other highlights: the McVie/Buckingham  classic collaboration World Turning and McVie's lost folk rock beauty Sugar  Daddy.
0060930187|5.0|This is a novel that chronicles a young woman's downward spiral into depression and an eventual suicide attempt.  It is a thin veiling of Sylvia Plath's own history.  Sadly later on she succeeded.<br />With this in mind  from the first chapter it is easy to see that the author felt separate from  her \\"healthy\\" counterparts.  I think most of us feel that at some time,  however her disassociation became more complete.  I was wishing, I had had  a sense of what she was like before this began.  Was this an extreme  change or did she often feel set apart, when she was technically  healthy.<br />What is frightening about this book is that while you are in her  head with the writing, none of her thoughts or feelings seem so outrageous.  In the afterward it indicated she pondered rewriting the whole story from  the outside perspective, from her mother and associate's point of view.  There were some references that were startling, as the not changing clothes  and bathing that were not apparent to the reader that she adds in  occasionally.  This gives you a sense of a disconnect between the inside  and the outside that she was feeling.  This outside perspective would have  added much to understanding the why for her mother's first suggestion to  seeing a doctor, as from \\"Esther's\\" view this seemed unnecessary.  Ironically, the character never really questioned the need for either the  doctor's visit or the electroshock therapy.  This shows the character's  ability to comply, regardless of how she felt.  Authority and other's  measurements of her, as most good student's played a very strong part in  her personality.<br />Later on, when she is recovering in the asylum, her  relations with other people improve, however, she does not appear to the  reader to be so different in thought.  It appears that the measurement of  success is entirely based on the patient's relation to the outside world.  As there were no more references to poor hygiene or suicidal thought, this  apparently was the mark of wellness.  From the reader's perspective this  does not necessarily make the transition from a lack of mental health to  one that is acceptable, so obvious.  It also apparently does not give the  patient a framework to work with.  This is evident by the fact that she  did go on to successfully commit suicide years later.<br />This is a coming  of age story that many people have faced in one sense, though not to that  extreme, when they get to an age of moving from the teenage world to that  of an adult.  Often this is triggered by moving from the academic setting  to that of the working world.  There a disconnect that happens there.  The  high achieving student that Sylvia Plath was, was apparently unprepared for  the shift in priorities that happens during this shift.  She lost her  footing and until her behavior became extreme, no one noticed..<br />As this  is the second time I read this book, it is evident, I hold it in high  regard.  It is easy to empathize with the character of Esther and her  dilemma's.  In some ways too easy.  I think most of us when we are  troubled disassociate ourselves with the world around us and become very  egocentric.  This book may serve as blue print for testing yourself to see  how well you are doing.  I also think this is a good book for young  people at this stage to read.  It will give them some sense that someone  has been there and done that and maybe it can get them to ask for help  before they get to the point she did.his  apparently was the mark of wellness.   From the reader's perspective this  does not necessarily make the transition from a lack of mental health to  one that is acceptable, so obvious.   It also apparently does not give the  patient a framework to work with.   This is evident by the fact that she  did go on to successfully commit suicide years later. <br />This is a coming  of age story that many people have faced in one sense, though not to that  extreme, when they get to an age of moving from the teenage world to that  of an adult.   Often this is triggered by moving from the academic setting  to that of the working world.   There a disconnect that happens there.  The  high achieving student that Sylvia Plath was, was apparently unprepared for  the shift in priorities that happens during this shift.   She lost her  footing and until her behavior became extreme, no one noticed..<br />As this  is the second time I read this book, it is evident, I hold it in high  regard.   It is easy to empathize with the character of Esther and her  dilemma's.   In some ways too easy.   I think most of us when we are  troubled disassociate ourselves with the world around us and become very  egocentric.   This book may serve as blue print for testing yourself to see  how well you are doing.    I also think this is a good book for young  people at this stage to read.   It will give them some sense that someone  has been there and done that and maybe it can get them to ask for help  before they get to the point she did.
6304708521|5.0|This is one of the Beatles' best kept secrets.  If you don't understand it, don't try, it won't make sense.  But if you know whats going on, you won't be dissappointed.<br />I highly recommend this movie (for some).
6305905401|4.0|This is intelligent, and even a little disturbing. I was very surprised. After the reviews I had read I expected trash. I was just curious about it when I rented it. Anyone interested in smart, adult thrillers should check  it out.
0767903854|5.0|This was a great summer read.  Bryson is witting, engrossing, and fun.  He has the ability to make any topic supremely interesting.  I never thought I'd ever pick up a book on Australia.  Now, I'd like to visit.
B0000256VK|5.0|Roxy Music had a great new sound for Avalon. They used more synth and more exotic sounds. More Than This is a great song. One of the Best on the album. The Space Between is also a standout. Avalon is a beautiful song  that is possibly the highlight of the album. India has some very beautiful  music. While My Heart Is Still Beating and The Main Thing are two motre  great songs. Take A Cahnce With Me is another of the best on the album. To  Turn You On and True To Life are great. Tara ends the album making this an  almost flawless album. Truly essential and one of the definitive Roxy  Albums.
6304613199|2.0|At its best an extremely average sequel to the wonderful first film. What really gets me though is how amazing this movie could have been. I read Michael Crichton's amazing book before I saw this movie, and after my first  couple viewings of the movie 'based' on it, I wondered what exactly  Spielberg was smoking. He takes an action packed yet thought provoking  book, with characters who you'd actually care about, and replaces it with a  movie bearing only a few characters and action sequences from the novel.  Toss in a few cowboys and fancy dinosaur catching contraptions (and  eliminate the books main villain Lewis Dogdson, and main characters like  Doc Throne and Richard Levine), and you have a movie with a remarkably bad  script and no logic at all. (An animal expert comments on the t-rex's  amazing sense of smell, then wears a shirt covered in t-rex blood and has  no idea how the thing catches up with them later? Stupid stupid stupid).  But I'm not such a negative guy! There are a few good things in this movie.  Ian Malcolm has some great lines and Jeff Goldblum shows off his great  talent (if only they'd let him develop his character more). The dinosaur  effects are, like the first film, breathtaking. The character of Roland  Tembo was the one good addition that the movie made, and Nick Van Owen  provides some laughs (but vanishes near the end of the movie). And one more  bad thing, the ending where the t-rex makes it to mainland San Diego and  kills a few people (and one dog). Pointless, and didn't add anything to the  movie but violence. And how did a t-rex kill everyone on that boat without  wreaking anything? And how did he get back in the cargo hold and then shut  it's door?  A pretty bad movie when you think of what it had to work with.  I really hope Michael Crichton once again shares a writing credit on the  next movie so it can be better then this was.
B0000256VK|5.0|Roxy Music had a great new sound for Avalon. They used more synth and more exotic sounds. More Than This is a great song. One of the Best on the album. The Space Between is also a standout. Avalon is a beautiful song  that is possibly the highlight of the album. India has some very beautiful  music. While My Heart Is Still Beating and The Main Thing are two more  great songs. Take A Cahnce With Me is another of the best on the album. To  Turn You On and True To Life are great. Tara ends the album making this an  almost flawless album. Truly essential and one of the definitive Roxy  Albums.
B00004TDTO|5.0|Jaws - The 25th Anniversary Edition is a superb example of what the DVD format can do.       First, the movie.  All the action, thrills and shocks are still there, no matter how many times you've seen this film.  The  quality of the image is excellent.  And if you're lucky enough to own a  home theater system to allow the full impact of the sound/music hit home, a  huge extra dimension is added to the viewing experience.  John Williams'  excellent score turned up to a high volume will help drive up  the tension.   <br />  There are amusing outtakes (not nearly enough), deleted scenes and a  fun trivia game.  Highlighting this entire package is an excellent  &quot;making of&quot; documentary, benefitting hugely from the  participation of director Spielberg.  Included are remininscenes from  actors and crew.  Fascinating is learning all about how the shark and the  scenes involving it were done.  <br />  A truly excellent job. All movie  companies should look to this edition to realize the capabilities of the  DVD package/experience.
B00004U30D|1.0|This movie is really pretty bad. Nothing in this movie was groundbreaking in the least, and the fact that nearly everybody bought into it was just sad. The people in this movie are stereotypes through and through, which is  a thing comedies are made of not dramas. Just think for a second of this  movie played for laughs as opposed to the garbage seriousness that ended up  on the screen.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Love the cd!  The songs are all great, especially the ballad  'Where Are You' (not only my favorite track on the album but is also my favorite Britney song).  'What U See (Is What You Get)' &amp; 'Stronger' are also  outstanding.  Like her debut, each and every song on the follow up has  bridges that truly gives her songs a lift. If you liked her first album  BABY...ONE MORE TIME you most definitely have to pick this one up. This  album is like Britney saids &quot;10 times better&quot; than her first.          I can understand how critics are saying that OOPS...I DID IT AGAIN is  just a remake of her first album, but one must also understand that this  particular album has a much more unique flavor. And anyways, &quot;if it  ain't broke, don't fix it&quot;. Why change something that has gotten her  debut album &quot;diamond&quot; status (any album that sells more than 10  million copies). If you sat down and listened to her first album carefully,  you would notice that although the music do have variety, they do not catch  you off guard; one essentially can foretell what the next note is going to  be.  With the songs on the debut, her 1st, 2nd, 3rd and final chorus are  essentially the same from beginning to end--no variety; it's like here's  the chorus, listen to it, it's the good part of the song.  Not saying that  it's a bad album, compared to many out there, it's great! But something  dramatically differs on her sophmore release, Britney incorporates a  heavier, hard hitting, and a more at-you in your face sound, epecially in  her bridges and chorus.  Like her previous album, her songs on the OOPS...I  DID IT AGAIN album has a 1st, 2nd and 3rd part chorus. The thing that makes  this album a must buy is that she incorporates her bridges along side her  3rd part chorus, giving every song polyphonic sounds (this is the good  stuff) and not just harmonic like she did in her first release; it  basically rounds out all the songs and make them stronger. The songs  basically is analogus to a rollercoaster ride, one minute its this and the  next its that; more flavor and variety than her first! It can't really be  put into words, you must listen to it yourself to really understand what  I'm talking about.         Whether a Britney Fan or not, you have to admit  that vocally, she does not have the range of great singers like Celine  Dion, Mariah Carey, and Whitney Houston, or even as some critics might say  a Jessica Simpson and Christina Aguilera. However, one must take into  account that pop music is just this way! Whether or not you're talented  vocally, it is the song itself that counts. Not only is this true in the  pop music industry, but this is also true in the rock, heavy metal,  country, r&amp;b, rap industry, and etc. If you have a great voice with no  substance to accompany it, what's the use.  Like many coaches would say,  &quot;make the best out of what you've got&quot; and this is exactly what  Britney Spears is doing!  Furthermore, other critics say that without her  looks, BABY...ONE MORE TIME and OOPS...I DID IT AGAIN would not rake in the  sales.  So what's the problem with Jessica Simpson and Christina Aguilera,  they've got the looks, why are their album sales not comparable with  Britney!
0790746905|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Love the cd!  The songs are all great, especially the ballad  'Where Are You' (not only my favorite track on the album but is also my favorite Britney song).  'What U See (Is What You Get)' &amp; 'Stronger' are also  outstanding.  Like her debut, each and every song on the follow up has  bridges that truly gives her songs a lift. If you liked her first album  BABY...ONE MORE TIME you most definitely have to pick this one up. This  album is like Britney saids &quot;10 times better&quot; than her first.          I can understand how critics are saying that OOPS...I DID IT AGAIN is  just a remake of her first album, but one must also understand that this  particular album has a much more unique flavor. And anyways, &quot;if it  ain't broke, don't fix it&quot;. Why change something that has gotten her  debut album &quot;diamond&quot; status (any album that sells more than 10  million copies). If you sat down and listened to her first album carefully,  you would notice that although the music do have variety, they do not catch  you off guard; one essentially can foretell what the next note is going to  be.  With the songs on the debut, her 1st, 2nd, 3rd and final chorus are  essentially the same from beginning to end--no variety; it's like here's  the chorus, listen to it, it's the good part of the song.  Not saying that  it's a bad album, compared to many out there, it's great! But something  dramatically differs on her sophmore release, Britney incorporates a  heavier, hard hitting, and a more at-you in your face sound, epecially in  her bridges and chorus.  Like her previous album, her songs on the OOPS...I  DID IT AGAIN album has a 1st, 2nd and 3rd part chorus. The thing that makes  this album a must buy is that she incorporates her bridges along side her  3rd part chorus, giving every song polyphonic sounds (this is the good  stuff) and not just harmonic like she did in her first release; it  basically rounds out all the songs and make them stronger. The songs  basically is analogus to a rollercoaster ride, one minute its this and the  next its that; more flavor and variety than her first! It can't really be  put into words, you must listen to it yourself to really understand what  I'm talking about.         Whether a Britney Fan or not, you have to admit  that vocally, she does not have the range of great singers like Celine  Dion, Mariah Carey, and Whitney Houston, or even as some critics might say  a Jessica Simpson and Christina Aguilera. However, one must take into  account that pop music is just this way! Whether or not you're talented  vocally, it is the song itself that counts. Not only is this true in the  pop music industry, but this is also true in the rock, heavy metal,  country, r&amp;b, rap industry, and etc. If you have a great voice with no  substance to accompany it, what's the use.  Like many coaches would say,  &quot;make the best out of what you've got&quot; and this is exactly what  Britney Spears is doing!  Furthermore, other critics say that without her  looks, BABY...ONE MORE TIME and OOPS...I DID IT AGAIN would not rake in the  sales.  So what's the problem with Jessica Simpson and Christina Aguilera,  they've got the looks, why are their album sales not comparable with  Britney!
0767830547|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER.
0446310786|5.0|'To Kill a Mockingbird' is a true American Classic.   It takes place in a small Alabama town of Maycomb, with a three year journey through the life of a 8 year old girl named Scout Finch, her brother Jem and her father  Atticus.  Atticus Finch is a trial lawyer representing a young black man  accused of raping a white woman.  The entire story is told through the eyes  of a child who describes the event leading up to her brother's arm being  broken as the book begins it's course.  There is an incredible blend of  characters throughout this story including the mysterious town boogeyman  `Boo Radley'.    All of the stories events surround the trial their  father is involved in, and how he stands by his principles for a man he  knows to be innocent despite the ugly side of generalized racial predjudice  he is forced to endure as he takes on this case.  The children are soon  caught up in series of events they do not fully understand as a result of  this.    'To Kill a Mockingbird' is a brilliant literary work that  explores the conscienceness of innocence in a little southern girl with the  triumphant heart of an adventurer.  Harper Lee delivers a timeless novel  about truth and honesty that is gracefully forged with the undying  instruments of intrigue and heroism.    Although it is set in the  1930's in Alabama, it could very well translate itself to almost any modern  American city at any period in history with it's magnificent depth and  beauty.    Atticus is a true patriot of ethics and morality as he  stands firm on the principles of truth,  despite the vicious recoil he  endures in his journey.  A novel of profound impact on the heart and soul,  Harper Lee created an incredible and unforgettable novel that deserves to  be re-read generation to generation for its timeless example of fatherhood,  honesty and justice.  When I first read this book I knew that I had  read a work of something more than a mere tale about a lazy Southern town.   I was holding in my handstrue beauty written by a literary master.  You  will love this one without a doubt.  It will change you life, and rekindle  that radiant spark of endless childhood in your soul.  A great work indeed.
B00001ODHH|5.0|I never saw any of the evil dead movies until I saw this in the theatre. This movie shows our hero taking a continuous beating from zombies, haunted books, and anyone else he comes in contact with for that matter.  Bruce  Campbells tough-guy demeanor will keep you rolling in your seat while you  wonder what tragedy will befall him next.  One of my all-time favorite  movies. A horror cult classic.
0783226845|5.0|Scent of a Woman is perhaps one of the greatest achievements in film history.  Al Pacino is beyond excellence.  His acting is impecable, forget about Paul Newman, Anthony Hopkins, Robert De Niro, and even the legendary  Charlton Heston. This is the best performance I have ever visialized on a  movie screen. A powerhouse movie that is brilliantly sculptured into  perhaps one of the greatest films ever produced. Emotionally magnetic,  powerfully crafted, and impecably directed.
B00003CXAY|5.0|Godfrey Reggio's KOYAANISQATSI utilizes speelbinding cinematography to create images that speak for themselves of the horrific effects of Over-Population, Polution, and many other consequences man's neglect for  his environment.  Using timelapse cinematography, Reggio's film is also a  scientific achievement in showcasing what could not otherwise be seen by  the human eye.  In super fast motion the sun crosses the skyline of a  beautiful valley vunerable to the swarms of people infectuous to the  earth's natural eco-system like a fiendish parasite. If you enjoy  KOYAANISQATSI, you may also like, it's sequel POWISQATSI, also by Reggio.   And check out these films too: BARAKA, MICROCOSMOS, MAN WITH THE MOVIE  CAMERA.
B00000DLUV|5.0|In the 30+ years of the Bee Gees recordings, one tends to forget just how diverse these guys really are.  From the early days of songs like &quot;Massachusetts&quot; to the disco days of &quot;You Should Be  Dancing,&quot; to their still melodious works like &quot;Still  Waters,&quot; the Gibb brothers have silenced many critics because they  just don't stop.  This live and studio track collection is a good  representation of their many hits, not only for themselves but for others:  &quot;Heartbreaker,&quot; a smash for Dionne Warwick; &quot;Guilty,&quot;  the Barry Gibb-Barbra Streisand classic; &quot;Islands in the Stream&quot;  the Kenny Rogers &amp; Dolly Parton hit.  They even had someone who sings  higher than them (Celine Dion) join them for &quot;Immortality.&quot;  A  touching tribute to their late brother, Andy, is a nice addition-  &quot;Don't Throw It All Away.&quot;  My only disappointment came with the  toned-down acoustic version of &quot;Nights on Broadway,&quot; but hey,  it's their song, they can be creatively different if they want to!  I also  missed &quot;ESP&quot; which is one of their most cleverly different disco  tunes from the mid-nineties.  All in all, this is a must for any Bee Gees  fan who have achieved &quot;Immortality&quot; in their career!
0790731940|5.0|I love this movie. It always makes me laugh, and I can't get tired of it! mel and judie are amazing together. I wish there were more movies with the two of them...
0767849493|2.0|Highlights: Not nearly as offensive as it could've been. Decent performances from the actors with some notable exceptions. Some amusing  dialog. Salma Hayek and Alan Rickman give great performances, especially  considering some of the lines they had to read. The scene on the train is,  indeed, amusing.<br />Lowlights: Not nearly as offensive as it could've been.  Decent performances ruined by poor staging (any seen where Linda Fiorentino  is having a conversation). Some really lame gags. Too much Jay and Silent  Bob -- small doses.<br />The director seems better at character/dialogue  driven movies. Plot-driven stories like Mallrats and Dogma seemed rushed;  in this case, too much dialog is given over to explication. I will give him  credit though: he managed to get Ben Affleck to wipe that annoying smirk  off his face on the train scene.
6304406096|1.0|The film was far below expectations. Connery was too old and compare to his natural Bond movies he was a pale old Bond who wasn't in style at all.  Largo's character was also a wrong choice- the actor was too mild and comic  for Largo, especially ugly was a scene where Bond and Largo played a  computer-game: instead of showing &quot;serious&quot; Bond making high bets  on casino , the scene seemed to be made for kids who enjoy computers. I  even don't understand if the film was a plage, comedy or did the producers  really want to produce a cheap action where just a name Bond sells high  profits. Rowan &quot;Bean&quot; Atkinson didn't also fit to his part.  Finally, the good thing is that the movie I call Connery's worst is not  officially listed as a Bond movie.
B00004WEJZ|3.0|NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN was Sean Connery's return as Bond for one final shot as one of screens most famous heros.  The movie is a little overboard on fun and silliness and is a very similar story to Seans most famous Bond  movie THUNDERBALL.  James Bond (Connery-still good) is somewhat retired and  not as fit as he once was as the movie opens and is told to get in shape at  a health spa if he is to continue his duties as a government agent.  Meanwhile the fiendish criminal group S.P.E.C.T.R.E. has got plans to steal  nuclear weapons from a NATO bomber and have their agent Largo hold the  world ransom with the bombs.  Bond must track down Largo and the bombs  before it is too late and millions are killed.  Connery is trying to fit in  what was at the time the Moore era of Bond movies and while Connery still  is a great James Bond despite his age, the Moore films were much more  different then the older Connery capers.  Moores' movies went for fun and  stunts Connery's were serious and had more down and dirty spy action.  The  silliness abounds on many levels such as when S.P.E.C.T.R.E. sends a  destructive oaf to kill Bond at the health club and ends up wrecking just  about everything but Bond.  Or the fact that Largo is nowhere NEARLY as  menacing or mean as the Largo in THUNDERBALL.  One true highlight of the  film is the villiness Fatima Blush who is an outragously wild hit woman who  wants to make sure that she gets Bond.  I will give Fatima 1 star and the  rest of the movie 2.  This movie is fun and only fun nothing more.  But if  you want to see Connery's last shot as Bond in a film, this is it.
B00000JGOH|5.0|It's so complicated to describe the feeling of watching this movie, but it did make me bust into tears and laughters.  Yes, there were a lot of funny things jammed in the sad stories.  I believe everyone would have his/er own  taste of movie, and perception of what love is.  But this is really a movie  for everyone!
0671027344|5.0|Initially I was searching for books in foreign languages. I was not looking for a book of this type at all, but I was hooked by the responses of readers.<br />Why? Because I spent about 30 minutes reading reviews, by  teens and adults, in GERMANY, on Amazon.de. And I thought that this might  be a great German language book. There was no clear label stating that I  was reading about a translation of one of our books.<br />Their reaction in  Germany?<br />The same. Every person who read this book and wrote about it  from Germany said the same thing: excellent book. I have much more faith in  the opinions by people who read books and love them then by the people who  hype them.<br />So I read it. Read other reviews to find out why other people  like it, and why. Read this to find out that this book is not only about  teens, it is about all of use. And it's not only about Americans, it's  about people, no matter where they live.<br />I ordered it from Germany,  thinking that I had stumbled on a great 'find', wondering if I could ever  talk about the book with people here, and the book read great in  German.<br />Then I found out that it was a translation of one of OUR books.  Amazing.<br />So now I will read it again, in English.<br />Anyone reading here  might also find it fascinating that the Harry Potter books are dominating  the 'hit list' in Germany.<br />Conclusion? Again and again, books that are  initially labelled 'young adult' turn out to be some of the best books for  people of any age.<br />If you are a teen who wants to know how other people  feel, read it. If you are an 'older young adult', close to 20 or past, read  it too. And if you are like me, 52 years old but still able to remember  every great moment and every hellish moment in high school, read it.  Nothing has changed. High school is as wonderful and awful as it was for  me, 36 years ago.
B000020617|5.0|Dave Grohl is a genius. Between his riffs, Taylor's beats, and Nates jamming, the Foo Fighters truly are a band for the ages. All I can say is I hope they don't quit anytime soon!
B0000027I6|5.0|I couldn't make it through all the reviews of this record, but in the ones I read, I was surprised to see that no one mentioned the story of Bill Hubbard, begun in the opening track.  Back in '92, (before I realised that the &quot;background noise&quot; in much of Floyd's and Waters' music is  important to the themes of the music and should not be ignored) I had this  album for MONTHS before I actually heard the end of the story!  All that  time I felt so awful about the tragic death of our friend Bill, while a  closer listen to the end of &quot;Amused to Death&quot; reveals the  conclusion of the story.  It makes all the difference.  Listeners who are  not as oblivious as I was certainly know this already, but those of you who  have not listened as closely as you should to the end will feel much better  about the outcome of Bill Hubbard's sad tale.  All in all, every breath,  every note, and every word of this album merits your full attention - don't  miss important parts by not giving it.
0385484518|5.0|I have read this insightful real life story several times. After 144 weeks on the NY Times Bestseller list, it has made #1 this week. And I imagine Morrie is up there smiling as he whispers...&quot;When you get to this  point...and you will...&quot; One of his favorite ways of relaying  inspirational advice to live by.<br />Mitch Albom, a sports writer, has penned  a simplistically heartfelt book about rediscovering his college mentor.  After 20 years he happens to see Morrie on &quot;Nightline&quot; speaking  of his dying. His bouts with Lou Gerhigs disease. With only one visit in  mind, Mitch ends up visiting every Tuesday until Morrie's eventual  death.<br />To me, this is a get back to basics life survival manual.  Reminding us all &quot;death ends a life, not a realtionship&quot;. Be good  to those around you now, let the little things go. And grow, continue to  grow. <br />Thank you for your interest &amp; comments--CDS
0679746048|4.0|Once I began to read this book I couldn't put it down, the vivid way that she explained the emotions that she felt being forced into the institution, really touched me and stirred things up inside me that made me ask  questions of myself that I had never given consideration before. I also  like the way she incorporated her actual records into the book and the  breakdown she did of her &quot;disease&quot;. This book also made me  question the true nature of madness and the different diaganoses given out  by psychologists.
0156528207|5.0|I read this book for the first time when I was about 30 years. I thought it was cute in the beginning. Toward the middle I thought it was clever and touching. At the end I was rocked to the core.<br />Like most masterpieces,  you won't be able to say why you like it or love it, if you do. And you  won't be able to explain why a book, written in French, seems to flow fine  in just about any language.<br />Each time I read it now, I get some little  detail or some magic thought that I missed the last time and all the time  before. But I can't tell you why I like it so much. Or why all the people I  have given it to have fallen in love with it.<br />I DO know that anyone who  does not like this book is probably someone I do not want to know.<br />By all  means read the many reviews here. You will find a hundred reasons why other  people fell in love with the Prince and his story. And you will also meet  adults who are in too much a hurry to enjoy anything that is really  important, adults who are more interested in facts than what the facts mean  and who care more about money, power and prestige than love, friendship and  simple beauty.<br />I suspect that such people are the ones who who wrote the  few negative reviews here. Perhaps other people who did not like the book  read it at the wrong time, under the wrong conditions.
B00003CXAR|2.0|The Image quality is magnificant, but, adding to the review by &quot;englishonly&quot;, who stated &quot;there was very little activity in the rear speakers&quot; consider this sound may be no more than Dolby  Digital, and might have more activity on the Pro-logic setting.  Are the  extras in DTS and not the film? The advertising doesn't indicate that.   WHERE IS THE DTS?         My DVD player tells how many channels are  outputing and the Decoder displays that info (2 channel). DTS won't  activate, and on the same exact setup, Saving Ryan indicates DTS and  rattles the rafters.  Buy this for picture quality,YES. Buying for DTS?,  better find out first. I hope it is my mistake and have not BEEN RIPPED  OFF?
6304578458|5.0|This movie includes something for everyone - John Cusack's so-quick-you-might-miss it wit, a great plot, Joan Cusack's hilarious character, Jackie Chan-esque action (all done somewhat comically), and some  of the greatest movie moments in recent years - who could forget &quot;It  is I - Sidney Feldman&quot; or &quot;Still inflicting that horrible Ethan  Frome damage?&quot; or even &quot;You can never go home again... but at  least you can shop there&quot;?  Performances are great all around,  especially from Minnie Driver, who only lets her English accent slip out  twice in the whole movie, and even then it is barely noticeable.  The  script is great, the action is slick, and it could even pass itself off for  a romantic comedy if one tries hard enough to see it that way.  This is the  kind of film groups of different people can watch together and everyone  will find something they like about it.
B000002KHY|4.0|James Taylor, now 52, is the ultimate baby boomer. A survivor of heroin addiction, divorces, and success...it's all shared, there in his music. After seeing him interviewd on &quot;Sunday Morning&quot; yesterday, I went  out and added this memory maker to my growing collection of compilation  CD's.<br />There may be other hits on other CD's but this group has had me  smiling for hours. From &quot;Carolina In My Mind&quot; to &quot;Fire and  Rain&quot; to the lullaby &quot;Sweet Baby James&quot;....every song  brought back shimmering memories.<br />As James evoked in his speaking, I too  want to strive to &quot;make time to keep life simple, sweet, and  lyrical&quot;--just like his music.<br />Thank you for your interest &amp;  comments--CDS
0694006300|5.0|The book is fun, and the tape makes it even more so.  Carol Kane does a great job involving the child in the activities and songs.  This cassette is not just a performance, but an interactive game for the kids.  What  convinces me of the success of the music, narration and games is the  response of my two-and-a-half year old son.  He was memorizing, noticing  misplaced words, singing lyrics, etc. quickly with this tape.  I'll be  buying it for his cousins!
B00003CX95|5.0|OK people, We understand!  Much of this movie is historically inaccurate!  So what?  It is a fantastic film!  If you want historic accuracy, get a history textbook!  If this film had been made with COMPLETE historic  accuracy, it would have been as exciting as watching The History Channel.   This movie was made to entertain - to sell tickets, not to show in a 7th  grade history class.  As a movie (and that's what it is...) Braveheart is  incredible.  Acting, action, epic battles, cinematography, etc. -- all top  notch.  Violent?  Yes, it is violent - that is the nature of the film.  If  you thought the movie wasn't going to have violence, all you had to do was  watch a preview, or glance at the cover of the video or DVD - A man with a  claymore standing in front of flames and a battle -- does this look like a  happy Saturday morning movie to take little Bobby and Susie Jo to see  because they ate all their peas the night before?  NO!  See the film for  what it is - not for what you want it to be.  Apocalypse Now was one of the  best films ever -- did I enjoy watching it?  No, it made me feel sick to my  stomach.  Did I appreciate the imagery and vision of the film?  Yes - It  was brilliant, one of the most disturbing and brilliant films I have ever  seen.  If a movie is good, then it is good.  If the movie is not YOUR type  of movie, see if you can appreciate the movie for what it is, not what you  would like it to be.
B00000I2UC|5.0|Jesus and Mary Chain seem to adopt a new musical style on every release, not unlike- believe it or not- Madonna or Prince. After the wall of noise of Psychocandy and the beautifully spare Darklands, Automatic finds the  Reid brothers flirting with a pop- electronic sound that morphed into a  pop- industrial sound for the Honey's Dead cd. The loud guitars are still  there, but also a lot of drum sequencers and synth bass. Don't let this put  you off if you're not a fan of electronic music- this cd still really  rocks.<br />While not a classic like Psychocandy, still a great cd. If you're  a Pixies fan, then you've heard their cover of Automatic's 'Head On', which  is arguably Jesus and Mary Chain's most well known song.
B000002ADT|5.0|A lot of people call this the best jazz album ever. That is a matter of opinion, and it's not my personal favorite, but it is undeniably great. It is certainly one of the most important jazz albums ever, as Miles was  largely responsible for pioneering modal jazz (improvisation based on  scalar modes rather than chords. Modal tunes usually have fairly simple  changes, but still offer the opportunity for the positively brilliant  soloing displayed by miles, adderly, 'Trane, and the others here).<br />Aside  from a technical perspective, this album has a great, cool, feeling. The  kinda thing that is best when listened to at 3 A.M. on a hot summer night.  It is in many ways the essence of the feeling of the era it was written in.  I can almost smell the sweat and smoke of the old New York night clubs when  I listen to it.<br />So is it the best jazz album ever? Quite possibly. You  decide.
0767903854|3.0|The book is readable, breezy, and has some interesting insights into history (and commentary on Australian historians - the jibe about Manning Clark was a ripper) but.....there's something missing. In my view, too much  &quot;ooing&quot; and &quot;aahing&quot; about the flora and fauna and too  little attention to providing some Bryson insight into the people and  lifestyle. There are parts of Brysons's previous books which leave you  laughing but also shaking your head in wonder at the accuracy of his  insights - &quot;Notes from a Small Island&quot; is a stand-out in that  regard. That was what I was hoping to find in this book. I was disappointed  that it was not there. Perhaps, you tried to cover too much ground, Bill.  <br />For all that, the research is impeccable and Bryson's feel for the  landscape shines through. If you are a botanist or a zoologist, you'd give  it 5 stars. For me, 3 stars , for a solid effort but played and missed  outside off-stump a few times before being caught behind.
0425098389|5.0|This is the first set of short stories written by Doyle that furthered the adventures of Sherlock Holmes beyond the first two novels. This volume has many of the greatest Holmes shorts: &quot;The Red Headed League&quot;,  &quot;The Five Orange Pips&quot;, &quot;A Case of Identity&quot; and  others. Also, there are stories in this volume where Sherlock gets beaten!  Yes, he doesn't solve the crime! A must-read indeed.
078062565X|5.0|THIS IS THE FIRST FILM A PERSON SHOULD SEE WHEN INTRODUCED TO THE SCIENCE FICTION GENRE. CONSIDERING IT WAS RELEASED IN 1933, IT IS TRULY A MARVEL! I HAVE ENJOYED IT AT LEAST 20 TIMES AND AM OVERDUE FOR ANOTHER VIEWING. THIS  IS A MUST FOR ANY SCI-FI COLLECTION.
B000001GMH|3.0|The real highlights of this recording (as stated by another reviewer) are the singing of Bonney and Michaels Moore.  Bonney sings beautifully on &quot;In Trutina&quot; and Michaels Moore has a wonderful tone.  Lopardo is  straining in places and you can really hear it.  The Vienna Philharmonic  does a fine job, as does Previn, but in places I found myself wanting to  hear the chorus a little better, as well as the brass and percussion.  If  you can get past the below average sound quality, it certainly isn't a bad  choice.  Unfortunately for this version the competition is quite good.  I  prefer Previn's earlier EMI recording to this one, but if you want a great  performance coupled with excellent sound my recommendation would be the San  Francisco Symphony conducted by Herbert Blomstedt on Decca.  It is head and  shoulders above this one.
B000002ADT|5.0|A lot of people call this the best jazz album ever. That is a matter of opinion, and it's not my personal favorite, but it is undeniably great. It is certainly one of the most important jazz albums ever, as Miles was  largely responsible for pioneering modal jazz (improvisation based on  scalar modes rather than chords. Modal tunes usually have fairly simple  changes, but still offer the opportunity for the positively brilliant  soloing displayed by miles, adderly, 'Trane, and the others here).<br />Aside  from a technical perspective, this album has a great, cool, feeling. The  kinda thing that is best when listened to at 3 A.M. on a hot summer night.  It is in many ways the essence of the feeling of the era it was written in.  I can almost smell the sweat and smoke of the old New York night clubs when  I listen to it.<br />So is it the best jazz album ever? Quite possibly. You  decide.
0679745203|5.0|It's a good movie in satisfying those who PEEP!  As the name, the English Patient, silently implies, the man with the face in complete distortion is &quot;sick&quot; not only due to the serious air-crash burn but also to the  post-colonialism, aremed intrusion into others' territory as well as into  others' marriage.  That is, the nameless patient is quite sick both  physically and mentally.  He is typical of a peeper, coveting after other  country's land, superficially probing the cultural heritages, the wall  paintings, and stealthily following Katharine Clifton to the market at the  unforgiven beginning.  However, he is not the only one peeper, but there  are three others in the book.  Hana, a spiritual peeper to some extent, who  nurses the patient from bodily pains on the surface by her occupation, and  also actually plays both a mother's and a psychologist's roles.  She feeds  him, and reads him stories, through which they get acquainted with each  other step by step and in this way they cure each others' latent vanity in  life.  Then, Caravaggio, the mained thief, a government spy, not to  mention, is absolutely a peeper in identity and between the English patient  and Hana.  And because of Caravaggio's incessant quests for truth, the  patient reveals everything, which liberates himself and Caravaggio.   Namely, they both are each other's doctors.  At last, the wary sapper, Kip,  another peeper, eventually sweeps away Hana's empty spirits by leading her  to the ceiling paintings, and becomes Hana's doctor.  To sum up, they  seemingly abnormally spy out others' secrets, but in the long run they  become each other's doctors, curing each other.  Namely, the four  characters are seemingly hostile in their different nationalities during  the war, but alternatively interdependent, which implies the nature of  post-colonialism.  A good book.
0440539811|5.0|I'm always on the search for bigger, more intricate, more experimental stories.  Is this one?  Sure...although it lacks a tight plot.  But to have to a tight plot would defy the meaning of this book.  If you are wondering  if this one of the dreaded 'concept' books, ie a barrage of ideas and  monologues that are scattered around in no particular context, well, it's  not.  Not really.  What really makes it worthwhile, though, is it's  staggeringly satiric tone, an irreverence for everything surpassing even  that of the Simpsons.  Though it feels a bit cocky and impressed by itself  at times, it's all an illusion.  This book is legit, and if you're the type  that's always predicting the plot 2 chapters in advance, I defy you to do  that.  Matter of fact, I defy you to concisely summarize this plot.  And if  this review seems overly bizarre, let me put it plainly: BUY THIS BOOK.
B000000W5L|5.0|I am a 15-year-old girl and I think that this album is awesome.  When I first listened to it, I skipped over some songs to get to the ones I knew (Sweet Virginia, Happy, etc.) and I thought that the album was too raw  sounding and the vocals were too hard to hear at times.  When I finally let  it play all the way through, I realized that Exile is rock solid and though  some of the songs don't stand very well on their own, it all works as a  whole.  Anyone who likes blues rock should definitely listen to Exile, but  those who like the more highly charged rock songs like &quot;Start Me  Up&quot; and &quot;Jumpin Jack Flash&quot; might not like this album as  much.
B00000IAU3|5.0|If you like the sounds of Mono &amp; Olive you will like Dido.  This is for evening listening, when your mind just wants to melt down.  My favorite is My Life, Honestly OK &amp; My Life.  This just isn't a one hit wonder  girl.  She has the voice that will take you to that very peaceful place.
B000003TSP|5.0|Why does everyone say that this is disapointing after Dummy. What are they thinking. Portishead realy broke free with this one. The sound is so much richer, deeper, and more powerfull.<br />Every song has It's own special  charms, and each individually has been my favorite over the past couple of  years, as each song reveals itself and I suddenly take to it. Although I  must say Cowboys has consistently been number one, woth Only you and  Mourning Air a close second. <br />What strikes me is the honesty of the  music, there are no pretences here, their biggest plus is the perfection of  each track, there is not a note wrong, or a scratch out of place. In short  it is perfect.
B00003CX6P|1.0|I saw this movie at the theater with a friend of mine, and then talked to my sister about it after she saw it for the first time, and we both come to  the same conclusion, with a slight difference in the wording.  I said, it  starts slow, finishes slow, and never picks up any speed in between.  My  sister put it more succintly, there's two and a half hours of my life I'll  never get back.<br />My main problem was that I didn't care about any of these  characters, or where the story was taking them.  Every single one of them  were self centered, egocentric blowhards, who if I had met in real life,  I'd like to kill too.  Maybe it wasn't even the characters, but the actors  themselves because they seemed to be sleepwalking through this picture, not  even really trying to give any kind of believable or interesting  performance.<br />The true problem is that the movie drags on and on, never  picking up any speed or invoking any kind of real feeling.  Once, the  hero/villian killed for the first time, I couldn't have cared less.  I  didn't like or dislike him any more than when the movie started, nor did I  care anything about the first man he kills. You just aren't made to care  about anyone in this movie, everyone, not just the main character, seems  amoral, and ill defined.<br />The moral of the movie: Become a leech, feed off  anyone and everyone for what you can get from them, and kill them when you  can no longer sponge off them, or they become a danger to you. Lovely,  isn't it?
0805062971|4.0|While we could argue about whether or not society is headed down the right path, Fight Club makes its point: any of us could get stuck in the world of materialism in this capitalist society. Once you're there, you too could  end up like the main character in this book: stuck with insomnia, boredom,  and a refrigerator full of nothing but condiments. The answer: Fight Club.  Forget about name brands and become a mindless monkey working for Tyler  Durden. Somehow, it's appealing to so many in this book. To the reader, the  idea of Fight Club is appealing.... so read on.
0345428064|4.0|This is the first book I've read from McNab but I'm sure I'll read more.  Similar to the Rogue Warrior series, I like McNab a bit better. McNab is not quite as arrogant, but nevertheless, special forces must grow an  in-your-face attitude.<br />I particularly enjoyed the detailed observations  and the reasoning behind the tradecraft actions.  What's Nick Stone, the  hero, doing looking inside a fire extinguisher?  What's he going to make  with the kitchen supplies?  One always gets a bit more involved when the  writing not only entertains but also educates.<br />The relationship with  Kelly also moves the story.  Surely a SAS operative would have problems  with relating to a seven year old but by the end of the book, it's quite  believable how they have grown attached.<br />I had only a couple of minor  irritants.  McNab's British background is evident as expected.  However,  some actions would get different reactions in the US.  I can't believe a  British citizen wouldn't draw more attention with an American child in tow.   Particularly with the scratches and cuts gathered along the way during the  characters romp through the seedy side of America.  Who from England would  want to stay in a hotel in the warehouse district?<br />Also, as some of the  other reviewers pointed out, the story is somewhat predictable.  Even I  could tell early in the book who the ultimate villans had to be.   Nevertheless, REMOTE CONTROL was an enjoyable way to spend the weekend.
B00004T37H|5.0|This is, without question one of the greatest Anime's ever.  I have been waiting since the first time i saw this movie for it to come out on video.  Hayao Miyazaki has been called the Walt Disney of Japan, but Walt Disney  has never put out anything nearly as incredible as Mr. Miyazaki!  Anyone  with any taste at all should own this movie.
6305897786|3.0|The good: The movie is more creepy and atmospheric than it is horrifying, but that's not so bad.  The acting is good, Depp made a good sleazeball, toeing the line between respectability and going over the deep end.  The  most over the wall character acting is the actor playing Balkan, the man  who hires Depp, but as I found his cornballing funny, I didn't really mind  that he over played his part.<br />The movie moves at a fairly decent pace,  though it does tend to drag a little now and then.  The unveiling of the  plot is handled well, giving you a little bigger piece here and there as  Depp begins to put together the information he is acquiring, and the way he  spots the differences in the books, and begins deciphering the clues.<br />The  bad: Unfortunately, for all that we are told, there is still much we are  not told.  Though pieces of the plot are given to us, much is still  withheld, with holes big enough to drive a car through in the plot.  The  ending itself, without giving anything anyway, which isn't hard not to  since we ourselves are not told what's happening at the end, leaves us  hanging.  I don't know about anyone else, but when I plunk down good money  on a movie, I like to be told what's happening, not given just a vague  possibility about what might or might not have happened.  Even a bad ending  is better than a vague ending.<br />Problems with the plot notwithstanding,  I'd say this movie is at least worth a rental, so you can see whether or  not it's worth it to you to buy.
6304711905|2.0|Tombstone is a story of some of the most famous law enforcement officers -- Wyatt Earp &amp; co. -- from the old wild west. Once they have retired, they settle into a town where the red sashed mobsters rule. As the movie progresses, the mobsters provoke Earp &amp; co. to the point of coming out of retirement.<br />This movie features the famous shootout at the OK Corral, but goes far beyond that in the lives of these law men.<br />Before seeing this movie, I heard it was an incredible movie. Maybe I just came into it with expectations that were too high, so I would warn anyone that if they have not seen Tombstone before that they not keep their expectations too high. Otherwise, you may be as disappointed as I was.
B000002GK1|5.0|This is a good cd, but I would say SuPeRUNkOWN is better. This is a very good Debut for Soundgarden...I would never would want to start out better. Rusty Cage breaks out with a stream of guitars...then &quot;I wanna break,  I wanna break outta my rusty cage&quot; Outshined is possible the best song  on this cd...although, Rusty Cage is pretty good. Slaves and Bulldozers  really never caught my attention...its too repetetive and the same lyrics  keep going over and over again...I wouldn't try number 3. Jesus Christ Pose  is really good, and has a good guitar riff. Face Pollution is a fast speed  metal song, kind of like Kickstand, except just a little bit longer.  Somewhere is a golden song that will go down in history forever. &quot;I  wish to wish, I dream to dream, I cry to cry and I live to live, and I die  to die but nothing ever comes...OUT&quot; Searching with my good eye closed  is a VERY good song...its like one of the best songs on this cd. A room a  thousand years wide, now that's a good song...It starts out with heavy  guitars...derr, derr derrr derr derr, de dum, dum dum dum. Mind Riot is a  VERY good song too...it is one of the best on this album. Drawing flies  wasn't really all that great...another that never caught my attention. Holy  Water is alright. It is a steady rock song. New Damage was one of those  which never caught my attention...so actually this cd would be 4 and a  half. I'm only being true people...but you should get this cd if you are a  true Soundgarden fan like I.
B00003OST8|5.0|You may keep Kevin Kostner and all the others - this is the real thing! Maybe somewhat aged after all these years - but still the best! Watch and enjoy together with the whole family!
0671034065|5.0|Alleluiah!  This book redeems Linda Howard's recent hardbacks with the most crackling pair of lovers she's put together in a long time.  The timing and pacing really set up the story and the dialogue was laugh  outloud funny.  I felt this story delivered on the promise that the last  three novels hinted at -- Mr. Perfect is a much more even and evenly  developed story -- the romance, the threat and the characters.  If you love  Linda Howard, you'll love this one.
B00001PE4D|5.0|This movie is the best teen movie that I ever see. first It has everything that we want to see them in our life beutiful girls beautiful screenshots and clever script that makes people to stay it doesnt like a film that u go  and when you come back u find everything same u have to watch it to  understand the other occations I watch this movie for 21 times and I keep  watching.Its a must bought video...
0790734249|5.0|I cannot say enough how much I enjoyed this film.  While it is around 160 minutes long every second of that is used to it's fullest.  The characters are developed and the audience comes to care for them and fear their  enevidable hardships and downfalls.  One finds themself angered along with  Salieri with God, giddy and consumed with Mozart, and entranced with  Stanzi, his childlike, yet shrewd bride.  And who couldn't help but laugh  when Mozart let loose his absurd giggle at the most inopportune moment?  I  must not forget to meantion the costume!  It was utterly fantastic.  The  ornate dresses and hair of the women, the styled suits of the men.  Haha,  and pink and green wigs!  While I am not a great fan of opera I was pulled  into the beauty of the ones in the movie, the way the the music was  described and the perfect choreography.  When one heard how Mozart  described the opening of &quot;Figaro&quot; they were pulled in and excited  with him.  One of the greatest lines was in that scene; &quot;I apologize  Your Majesty.  I am a vulgar man--but I assure you, my music is not.&quot;   Ahh!  The passion!  And as an added bonus it was funny as well.  Everybody,  go out and getit today! -Eli@
B00003CWOL|3.0|I have been warned about this movie.  The movie that Christians especially Catholics dislike.  I wanted to know what the big hub-bub was all about and  so, I watched the movie.  Either you love it or hate it, I watched it as a  comedy and not as preaching to what I should do religiously and I found it  very entertaining.<br />Of the Kevin Smith movies, I like this one a lot.  My  brother puts this at the lowest of Kevin Smith movies and he dislikes it  because it focuses too much on religion.  I look at it as something to  laugh about and to see another perspective or another person's storyline  and you either are entertained or not.  So, I don't hold grudges and I  don't feel like banning the movie.  I don't place this movie up to  blasphemy with &quot;The Last Temptation of Christ&quot; but if you can  just separate yourself from your religious side for 128 minutes, give this  movie a try and if you like it..you like it and if you dislike it...you  dislike it.<br />I bought this movie hearing that a special collector's  edition will be out sometime this year.  All Kevin Smith movies are  collector's edition except this.  You don't get hardly anything.  Just a  trailer and talent files.  So, in the extra department, this movie blows.  The audio of the movie is driven by dialogue, so don't expect any major  surround sound.  There are certain scenes where they are utilized but just  a little.  The video is pretty cool too, then again, I wasn't really  watching for artifacts during this movie.  A few reviews mentioned they saw  compression artifacts...<br />It amazes me how Smith got talented people to  work on this $10 million movie, when these actors are making humongous  amount of money.  This movie features an all-star cast including the guest  cameos in the movie.<br />With all three previous Kevin Smith movies, fans  were treated with cool extras.  Yes, rumor has it that a special edition  will be coming out at the end of the year but still....<br />Overall this  movie is pretty fun to watch, the lack of features drives the overall score  down but give it a try, you might enjoy it.<br />Movie gets 5 stars, Special  Features (or lack of)gets 0 stars which drives the overall DVD down to 3  stars.his  movie is pretty fun to watch, the lack of features drives the overall score  down but give it a try, you might enjoy it. <br />Movie gets 5 stars, Special  Features (or lack of)gets 0 stars which drives the overall DVD down to 3  stars.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Even if you dislike rap music you will probably love this album because of the great lyrical content.  eminem's lyrics are so outrageous and over-the-top they will make you laugh hard.  This album also has really  great tunes.  Almost every song is great.  God bless America and just say  no to censorship.
0425170349|5.0|This was one of last Clancy books I read, i find myself now reading them all again, but this is the best book ever writen.  Jurassic Park by Micheal Crichton used to be my favourite but once i finished this book down it took  over first place.  Clancy knows how to build the tension so well in this  book that you find yourself reading twice as fast as you normally would.   Even when Ding Chavez and his team aren't out killing those terrorists  Clancy keeps it interesting with the disease testing.<br />Recommend it to  everyone unless you like romance novels.
B00004U30D|4.0|American Beauty did very little for me the first time around. Its indictment of the &quot;American way of life&quot; has been done many times before, and often better. And I agree with another reviewer who suggested  that not every homophobe is a closet case (that's just the way the world  works). I was also put off by the extraordinary number of cliches in the  dialogue. But on second viewing, I realized that that's exactly how these  people would talk.  I appreciated it more the second time, although I still  feel it was overrated, and that Kevin Spacey should not have won the Oscar  over Russell Crowe's intense and multifarious performance in The Insider.  But my second viewing also reinforced my feeling that the two central  performances (and characters) are the weakest parts of the film. Spacey has  done this kind of oddball, world-weary character enough times already -  he's a great actor, and not uninteresting even just marking time, but  that's what he's doing here. Annette Bening is (I'm agreeing with another  reviewer here) unbearably shrill and one-note: she's capable of much better  (I'd love to have seen Bebe Neuwirth in this role). The young actors are  much better, as is the underrated Chris Cooper in a difficult role. Peter  Gallagher is wasted as an underdeveloped minor character. One thing that  annoyed me about this film is the way the director assumes we will  sympathize with Spacey's character over Bening's. She's often right: there  is nothing intrinsically admirable about impulsively quitting your job when  you have a family to look after; sex can be fun and spontaneous without  spilling beer all over the living room furniture; it is not unreasonable to  expect some gratitude from your husband and daughter when you come home  after a long day's work to cook them a &quot;nutritious yet savory&quot;  dinner. American Beauty opens with Lester wanking in the shower:  metaphorically, he wanks all the way through the film.  Because of the  complicated relationships between the younger characters, this is a must  see. Cooper's enactment of a deeply conflicted person is also worth  experiencing. The filming is expert. But American Beauty has a hole at its  center: the two leading characters don't work.  Good soundtrack, though....
6305263248|4.0|This movie is known as one of the best car-chase movies ever!  I agree!  This movie is known to be expensive to create and you'll be at the edge of  your seat from beginning to end.  It's that cool!<br />De Niro and the others  were great in the movie.  I was just really hypnotized by the action.  The  audio was digital 5.1 and some areas sound real good.  Especially the  engine rev's!  The color was pretty good as well.  If there was any problem  with the movie, I saw some editing cut-to-scene problems like four or five  times.<br />In the extra's department, this is where this DVD is lacking.  It comes with a commentary and also an alternate ending.  An ending that  I'm glad was not included in the movie.  But that's it....no trailer, no  deleted scenes (aside the ending) and we are left with an awesome movie  missing some really cool stuff that should be there...<br />Oh well....the  movie is definitely worth getting on DVD.  The color and sounds are  brilliant.  The store is riveting and I'm really impressed.  If you want to  own a movie with the best car chase scene ever (some say  &quot;Corruptor&quot; has a great car scene chase), then check out  &quot;Ronin&quot;.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I got this CD after I saw Dido on the Leno show...and she rocked!  I love Here With Me and the rest of CD is just great...definitly go out and get this one!
B000002KL3|4.0|THE BAND: Eddie Van Halen (guitars), David Lee Roth (vocals), Michael Anthony (bass), Alex Van Halen (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1980) 9 tracks clocking in at approximately 33 minutes. Included with the disc is a 3-page foldout containing song titles/credits/times and all original album artwork. Digitally remastered in 2000. This is the band's 3rd studio album. Label - Warner Bros.<br /><br />COMMENTS: A Van Halen classic! Perhaps because only one single was released (\\"And The Cradle Will Rock...\\" reaching #55 on the Billboard charts), and no one song was overplayed. It's also the first VH album to not feature a cover tune (as 3 of the 6 Roth-era albums featured 1 or more). And yes, every time I hear \\"Everybody Wants Some\\" I think of the movie \\"Better Off Dead\\" with John Cusack leaning over the grill daydreaming at the fast food restaurant - and the claymation burger coming to life singing and dancing to the song. There are so many deep album tracks on \\"Women & Children First\\". Eddie's heavy riffs dominate on \\"Fools\\", \\"Loss Of Control\\" and \\"Romeo Delight\\". Yet, the real gems are \\"Take Your Whiskey Home\\" and the album closer \\"In A Simple Rhyme\\"... two of my many all-time favorite songs in the entire VH catalog. Heavy, melodic, cool lyrics. I also think Alex's drumming shines here. My favorite VH album cover. A classic album (4.5 stars).
068816689X|5.0|Though I consumed this book in a matter of hours, I found it so emotionally affecting that I had to stop and take a deep breath now and then, walk around the block, before I could continue reading. All the more  compelling for its simple, honest style, this is a tale of extraordinary  courage and perseverance on the part of Edith Hahn Beer. Would that more of  her Austrian and German neighbors (of the &quot;Aryan&quot; stripe)  had  had a greater share of the integrity displayed by this woman.  Her  life  irreparably fractured by events that remain utterly vivid and disturbing  50-some years after the fact, she somehow manages an astonishing degree of  objectivity in her assessment of the evil forces arrayed against her and  every other European Jew in those very dark decades.  Definitely not a  story for the fainthearted, this disturbing book and others like it need to  be read and reread  precisely to help prevent their repetition in the  future.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I think this CD is a perfect example of my favourite CDs! I absolutely LOVE this album. I think it speaks for itself on that matter. Reccomended songs are Higher, What If and With Arms Wide Open! Buy It!
6305537798|5.0|I have this, movie it's funny well it's funny that the sister Bianca can't date unless Kat her sister does, Camron he likes her it's pretty funny. Enjoy.
B00004WEJZ|3.0|Although immortal Sean Connery DID star as James Bond in his hopefully final 007 movie, Warner's unofficial &quot;Never Say Never Again&quot; lacks the necessary goods to making a Bond movie. But there is goods to it:  Sean Connery, Barbara Carrera, Kim Basinger, and Klaus Maria Brandauer all  star, and &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot; director also does his job. But  the bad: Kevin McClory, &quot;Thunderball&quot; remake, and bad story line.  Infact, McClory is making ANOTHER &quot;Thunderball&quot; remake called  &quot;Warhead 2001&quot; this next year. Only a true Bond collector, like  myself, would be forced to buy. But if you are not, and just like 007 a  BIT, then my advice would be to stay away.
B000001F6N|5.0|I bought 'a hard road' in 1969, it was my first mayall lp. from the very first moment it was the voice of john mayall that impressed me most! this voice is tremendous and especially on 'a hard road' it seems to come out of  a black, mistery space like the rest of the music. I have never heard  sounds more black, intense and plain, the music on 'hard road' is reduced  to it's essence; it's purism and bareness are unique.<br />all the fuss about  clapton, taylor and others is meaningless if you listen to 'a hard road'  without prejudice. peter green perfectly fits into the concept, his guitar  fully supports the moods and atmosphere. but it is john mayall who lays the  track and sets the milestones of this incredible musical journey which i  can only compare with Franz Schubert's 'Winterreise', if someone in this  forum should happen to know about.
B000002B30|4.0|I am a casual Springsteen fan and was delighted to finally get around to getting his Greatest Hits album.  While the album is very good, it is missing, what I believe, are &quot;essential&quot; songs.  To me, four  essential Springsteen songs for a Greatest Hits album would be &quot;Hungry  Heart&quot; (it's on there), &quot;Glory Days&quot; (it's on there, but  they chopped off the &quot;well all right&quot; ending; full-length version  available only on &quot;Born in the USA&quot;), &quot;I'm On Fire&quot;  (not included; available only on &quot;Born in the USA&quot;), and  &quot;Pink Cadillac&quot; (not included; available only on the  &quot;Tracks&quot; boxed set and &quot;18 Tracks&quot; album).  How could  they lob off the end of &quot;Glory Days&quot;?  A Greatest Hits album  should be just that -- a greatest hits album, not a  &quot;part-of-the-greatest-hits&quot; album.  Ask anybody to name any 10  Bruce Springsteen songs, and chances are &quot;I'm On Fire&quot; will be  somewhere in that list (besides, who can forget the video?).  If it were  me, I'd remove &quot;Atlantic City&quot; (my least-favorite song on the  album) and replace it with &quot;I'm On Fire&quot;.  And I hear &quot;Pink  Cadillac&quot; on the radio all the time -- so why isn't that song on this  album?      But don't get me wrong, the album isn't ALL bad.  There's some  great stuff here, including &quot;Badlands&quot;, &quot;My Hometown&quot;,  &quot;Brilliant Disguise&quot;, &quot;Human Touch&quot;, and &quot;Better  Days&quot;.  And, of course, &quot;Born To Run&quot;, &quot;Thunder  Road&quot; and &quot;Born in the USA&quot;.  A very good, thoroughly  enjoyable album nonethelesss, and an execllent introduction/primer for the  new or non-Springsteen listener!
068484267X|2.0|McCourt's memoir perpetuates every existing stereotype about the Irish, and caters to a few new ones. He seems to indict an entire country for his family's most particular kind of poverty, which is misleading and unfair.  James Joyce's works, with their less-than-flattering depictions of Dublin  life, seem almost nationalistic in comparison. No non-Irish person should  read this book believing that it represents the true state of affairs in  Limerick, much less Ireland as a whole.
B00000JNO2|4.0|I would have to agree with other reviewers that this album is definitely underrated.  Despite the loss of Ed King, the guitar section still shines.  To my delight, they even remastered it and put some awesome live bonus  tracks on to the end.  The only qualm i can think of is that two songs have  possibly better versions on the boxed set: &quot;double trouble&quot; (live  between sessions), and &quot;all i can do...&quot; (acoustic demo).  The  studio versions of these songs are still good, though.  It's a really good  mix of songs, in all.  Some good rockers, like searching, bullets, and bad  man, mix in nicely with ballads like roll gypsy roll, all i can do..., and  every mother's son.  Nuthin' fancy and second helping are slightly better,  but I'd still go out and get this album if you're into Skynyrd.  It even  has the story of how the album was made, the new liner notes are really  nice.  For a casual fan, there are better albums to get, honestly.  But if  you really like the band, get bullets, and you won't be dissappointed in  it.
B0000019PA|5.0|I've heard plenty of solid music throughout the years.... But nothing like this! Neutral Milk Hotel is an outstanding blend of creativity and sensitivity. Jeff Magnum's voice is so heartfelt and sincere. It's like  looking into his soul. More albums should be like this! From the first  track I knew this CD was going to be something special. It has the  captivating power of an atomic bomb. Magnum's lyrics are fierce,  thought-inducing, and at times, downright disturbing. Yet, it strikes a  cord with anyone who's dealt with love, anxiety, and religion. Anybody who  appreciates good music will love this album.
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is without a doubt Iron Maiden's best album and one of the best metal albums ever recorded. It is an amazing album. The best part about it is that it still sounds fresh and new even though it's 16 years old. It also blows away any new &quot;metal&quot; bands if you can even call them that. Iron Maiden is also one of the most talented bands ever. Bruce Dickinson has one of the greatest voices in metal while the guitar team of Adrian Smith and Dave Murray gave Maiden their signature sound by making use of their ability to play off each other, and the sheer talent of bassist Steve Harris and drummer Nicko McBrain makes it easy to understand why Maiden became one of the biggest band ever without any radio airplay. Enough about the band here's my review of Powerslave.<br />The album opens with the powerful Aces High. Adrian and Dave's guitar harmonies work perfectly on the song and Bruce's voice is the most powerful it's ever been. It then goes into 2 Minutes to Midnight, it's in the style of Aces because it's a powerful progressive metal song. The instrumental Losfer Words is next. Usually instrumentals are skipped over on an album but this song is amazing. It's very powerful. Flash of the Balde has a really cool intro. The song like the whole album is heavy with a progressive edge. The Duellists and Back in the Village are also amazing songs. The title track, Powerslave is one of my favorite songs on the album because it's really an amazing song. The next and last song on the album is the epic Rime of the Ancient Mariner. The song is written from a poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge. This is my favorite song on the whole album. In my opinion it features the band playing better than they had on any other song on the album, and that's a hard thing to do. Musicians will appreciate this album weather you are a guitarist, bassist, drummer, or even a songwriter. My one hope for the future of metal is that Maiden will become huge and wipe out all the cheesy metal bands. I personally think that for any rap metal band or any alterna metal band to call themselves &quot;metal&quot; bands is an insult to the musicians who started the music. Did you ever hear Ozzy rap or did any of the great guitar players sit there and make high pitched noises...no. I have to admit that I do like Kid Rock but I hate Korn, Drowning Pool, Mudvayne and Slipknot. Those bands are an insult to metal. We need more metal bands that are willing to rock. Maiden released Brave New World which is a great album, no all that we need is a new Anthrax album, and the new Megadeth it's called Capital Punishment. That album should rock and if it does I will forgive them for the dissapointing Risk. Ok now that I got that off my chest let's get back to Maiden. I definately think that any metal fan, musician, or music fan should own this album. I also suggest Seventh Son of a Seventh Son, Piece of Mind, Somewhere in Time, The Number of the Beast, and Brave New World. If you like Powerslave you will love those albums and if you like Powerslave I also recomend you getting Live After Death because it's from the Powerslave tour.
B00002SWEM|1.0|I am mystified by the reviews below - this is one of the worst documentaries I've ever seen!<br />Despite having access to all of the great musicians in the Buena Vista Social Club, WE LEARN NEXT TO NOTHING ABOUT  THESE PEOPLE.  In all honesty, I found out more about the musicians from  the two page bios that were included on the &quot;About the Musicians&quot;  section of the DVD, than I did from watching the movie.<br />Don't get me  wrong, the music is great... but I have the CD! The great music was what  caused me to buy this movie. I got the sense through the entire movie that  it had been quickly thrown together to help sell more CD's.<br />I was hoping  to find out more about the artists who made such beautiful music on the  CD... What were their careers like? Who were their influences? What were  the major events in their lives? How did Cuban culture influence them and  their music? NO SUCH LUCK. We are treated to a short 2-3 min. synopsis of  how each musician became a musician, and that's it - quick cut to a live  performance of a song!<br />It's really tragic that the producers of this  movie did not put as much effort into it as they did the CD (which is  awesome). This could have been a really great documentary.<br />MY ADVICE TO  PEOPLE WHO LIKED THE CD - IF YOU JUST WANT TO SEE SOME OF THE SONGS ON THE  CD PERFORMED LIVE, THEN THIS IS FOR YOU, BUT IF YOU WANT TO FIND OUT MORE  ABOUT THE ARTISTS WHO MADE THE MUSIC, I WOULD THINK TWICE...
B000007S5B|5.0|This is definately the best Doors album ever from the beginning of Hello I Love You to the end of Five to One. Jim Morrison's lyrics are amazing while Ray Manzarek and John Densmore's playing set the mood for the album and  Robby Krieger's guitar playing is great as usual. The best songs on this  album are Love Street,Not to Touch the Earth, Summer's Almost Gone, The  Unknown Soldier, Five to One,and My Wild Love. This is the best album by  one of the best bands ever.
B00001PE4D|3.0|For exactly two-thirds of its 97 minute running time, &quot;Cruel Intentions&quot; scores as a nasty-minded, wryly satiric and even mildly courageous teen update of &quot;Dangerous Liaisons.&quot; But, like so many  movies with one eye cocked towards the boxoffice, &quot;Cruel  Intentions&quot; loses its nerve and settles ultimately for comfortable,  safe and hopelessly dull conventionality.<br />Ryan Phillippe and Sarah  Michelle Gellar portray a wicked pair of step siblings who operate together  to prey sexually upon unsuspecting victims, manipulating others to achieve  their goals of personal conquest and revenge. It's refreshing to encounter  protagonists who make no excuses for their amorality and instead allow  themselves to be completely guided by their own self-serving impulses,  totally unmindful of the consequences to others. Their schemes are acted  out with a callous gleefulness and self-absorbed relish that raise the film  to a level of surprisingly sophisticated satire and audacity.<br />But, when  Sebastian encounters his ultimate challenge - a midwestern virgin played by  Reese Witherspoon, who has publicly declared in a magazine her decision to  wait for true love before offering herself to a man - he falls under her  charms and suddenly transforms from coldhearted predator to mushheaded  romantic. This is the major problem with the film. Sebastian is valid and  interesting as a character as long as he stays within the realm of sly  manipulator and acerbic scoundrel. When he is called upon to function as a  dashing romantic figure, he loses both credibility and uniqueness - and the  film itself goes into a freefall tailspin. For as Sebastian undergoes his  sudden conversion, all the sharply satiric wit simply drains out of the  film. We're ultimately left with little more than unconvincing melodrama,  inappropriately tragic overtures and a silly evildoers-do-not-prosper  resolution. What a pity to see yet another in a long line of movies that  start out with bright promise, but which finally end up renaging on their  initial courageousness, leaving the audience in perpetual frustration.rt out with bright promise, but which finally end up renaging on their  initial courageousness, leaving the audience in perpetual frustration.
6305137293|3.0|Ok, lets face it, this is one of those gory sequels. And it comes no were to the original. Jamie Lee is drugged up and sleeping in most of this movie. And the police finally listen to Loomis about Myers being alive and  still out there. This movie is cool, and i suggest you rent it or buy it if  you like it. Its to bad Universal didnt keep their rights to Halloween II,  Instead they sold the rights to Goodtimes! There is not much on the disc,  just some production notes.
B00002E233|2.0|Though &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; has been compared most frequently to &quot;Jaws&quot; for obvious reasons, its real cinematic pedigree lies in the &quot;Alien&quot; movies, &quot;The Poseidon Adventure&quot; and a  dozen other films featuring a small band of people trapped in a labyrinth  of corridors, fleeing either rising floodwaters, monsters or both and  dropping off one-by-one in the process.<br />Still, the &quot;Jaws&quot;  analogy seems inevitable, yet what made Spielberg's film score as a  thriller was that it took place in a real world setting filled with  innocent people as its potential victims. This film misses that tension by  being set far out to sea in an isolated research laboratory where some  genetically altered sharks have decided to seek their revenge on the humans  who have imprisoned them. It seems inconceivable, but it actually took  three writers to concoct this ludicrous tale of a comely researcher's  search for a cure to Alzheimer's in the guise of raising brain-enhanced  giant sharks.<br />The characters fall immediately into their stereotypical  action film roles: we have, for instance, the sexy medical researcher so  blinded by her humanitarian zeal that she foolishly delves into the  forbidden areas of unrestrained genetic engineering to her and everyone  else's everlasting regret; the brawny pragmatist who undercuts the doctor's  idealism at every turn and who must try to save everyone with his muscle  and brain power; and the comic relief black brotha who quotes Einstein and  launches tepid witticisms at these munching predators of the deep. The one  moment in which the film seems to admirably recognize its own slavish  devotion to action movie cliches comes when the black man quips  &quot;brothas never make it out of situations like this, never.&quot;<br />The  situations are often cliched as well. Let the cynical atheist, for  instance, utter one of his blasphemous we-are-greater-than-God statements  and we know he is destined to become fish food very quickly. The action,  too, is often incoherent, filmed with spatial confusion as to where in the  facility the characters are or where the sharks are in relation to them. As  to the film's derivative nature, there's even a bobbing corpse scene taken  straight out of the &quot;Jaws&quot; handbook. The film does deserve a  commendation for devising THE most idiotic motivation ever for getting the  brainy scientist to strip down to her undies to model her  aerobics-instructor body. Still, you have to see our intrepid musclebound  hero piggy-back riding the giant killer shark to its ultimate demise to  believe it.<br />&quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot;, sorry to say, drowns in its own  giggle-provoking idiocy.become fish food very quickly. The action,  too, is often incoherent, filmed with spatial confusion as to where in the  facility the characters are or where the sharks are in relation to them. As  to the film's derivative nature, there's even a bobbing corpse scene taken  straight out of the &quot;Jaws&quot; handbook. The film does deserve a  commendation for devising THE most idiotic motivation ever for getting the  brainy scientist to strip down to her undies to model her  aerobics-instructor body. Still, you have to see our intrepid musclebound  hero piggy-back riding the giant killer shark to its ultimate demise to  believe it.<br />&quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot;, sorry to say, drowns in its own  giggle-provoking idiocy.
B00004U30D|5.0|What a magnifent movie.   I was so moved.  The last few lines are what make the movie.   If we would just recognize Joy in our lives as it happens perhaps we will not end up here. Take care to love your family, friends,  and acquitances while they are in attendance.<br />In JOY
B00003CWN3|4.0|The most impressive aspect of `Boys Don't Cry' is that it refuses to shy away from the sordid details of much of its protagonist's life, yet manages to convert her (or him if you prefer) into a sympathetic and comprehensible  figure. In our most honest moments, we can all acknowledge aspects of our  own lives and personalities that we don't understand, that we would love to  change and that often make us feel alienated from the `norm' of society at  large. In the case of Teena Brandon - a young man `trapped' in a woman's  body - the anomaly happens to be a more pronounced and certainly less  socially acceptable one than most of us are forced to endure in our lives.  And she paid the ultimate price society demands from those it fears and  does not understand: she was murdered in Nebraska in 1993, simply for being  `different.'<br />The film builds a convincing case for compassionate  understanding without converting Brandon into a saint-like figure. Not only  do we witness the petty criminality of her life, but we see her propensity  for duplicity and deception, a personality trait that actually leads in  part to many of the troubles she encounters, playing a crucial role to a  large extent even in her death itself. Yet, given society's out-of-hand  rejection of transgendered people, what real options but a life of  dishonesty is Brandon really given? Similarly, Lana, the young woman with  whom Brandon falls in love and the one person who has ever accepted Brandon  unconditionally for what she is, suffers from a number of her own  demons.<br />Credit writer/director Kimberly Pierce and co-writer Andy Bienen  for not taking the easy commercial path of reducing the moral complexities  of the personalities involved to a black-and-white world where good and  evil are displayed in neatly arranged patterns for our easy consumption.  There are many times in this film when literally none of the people we are  involved with are the slightest bit appealing. The filmmakers, in their  faith in our maturity, ask us to go along on a pretty harrowing journey at  times, but it is one that leads us to a very rewarding destination. The  scenes in which Brandon's companions expose her secret is riveting and  terrifying in its dramatic intensity and human sadness. The utter  humiliation Brandon is forced to endure at the hands of the hooligans who  are tormenting her broadens to become a symbolic representation of every  person who has suffered such an injustice at the hands of unreasoning  ignorance for whatever reason. It is a chilling reminder of the danger of  the mob mentality unrestrained by empathy and enlightenment.<br />Like so many  of the best off-Hollywood independent productions, `Boys Don't Cry' finds  its truth in two crucial elements: the canny depiction of the bleak  sterility and stifling provincialism of its Midwest setting and the  uniformly first-rate performances by a largely unknown set of  actors.<br />Hilary Swank, in her Oscar-winning turn as Brandon, and Chloe  Sevigny as Lana achieve a naturalism in their portrayals that neutralizes  any theatricality that might have robbed the film of its indispensable  quality of immediacy and believability. They convert what might, in less  capable hands, have become little more than a sensationalized freak show  into a powerful and understandable drama about real, thoroughly  recognizable human beings. For that alone, `Boys Don't Cry' becomes a  cinematic experience impossible to forget.their  faith in our maturity, ask us to go along on a pretty harrowing journey at  times, but it is one that leads us to a very rewarding destination. The  scenes in which Brandon's companions expose her secret is riveting and  terrifying in its dramatic intensity and human sadness. The utter  humiliation Brandon is forced to endure at the hands of the hooligans who  are tormenting her broadens to become a symbolic representation of every  person who has suffered such an injustice at the hands of unreasoning  ignorance for whatever reason. It is a chilling reminder of the danger of  the mob mentality unrestrained by empathy and enlightenment.<br />Like so many  of the best off-Hollywood independent productions, `Boys Don't Cry' finds  its truth in two crucial elements: the canny depiction of the bleak  sterility and stifling provincialism of its Midwest setting and the  uniformly first-rate performances by a largely unknown set of  actors.<br />Hilary Swank, in her Oscar-winning turn as Brandon, and Chloe  Sevigny as Lana achieve a naturalism in their portrayals that neutralizes  any theatricality that might have robbed the film of its indispensable  quality of immediacy and believability. They convert what might, in less  capable hands, have become little more than a sensationalized freak show  into a powerful and understandable drama about real, thoroughly  recognizable human beings. For that alone, `Boys Don't Cry' becomes a  cinematic experience impossible to forget.
B00004U30D|5.0|What a magnifent movie.   I was so moved.  The last few lines are what make the movie.   If we would just recognize Joy in our lives as it happens, all this would not be necessaary.<br />In JOY
B000001XNT|4.0|A live recording from the old opera house in Amsterdam, but for a house with dry acoustics the sound quality is quite good. <br />The reason for this issue must solely have been Cristina Deutekom in the role of Leonora. The  rest of the cast includes the young Spanish tenor Juan Lloveras as Manrico.  His singing is pleasurable in the middle and low voice if you can overlook  the occasional slurring to the notes, but the voice is strained at the top.  Not really what you are looking for in a Manrico. \\"Di quella pira\\" was  transposed half a tone down.<br />Dutch baritone Jan Derksen as Il Conte di  Luna gives the role all the dramatic tension and impetus it needs and has a  wonderful Verdi baritone without breaks or difficulties in any region of  the voice, although the extreme opening of the vowels to accommodate the  tessitura can get on the nerves.<br />American mezzo Carolyne James is quite  horrendous. She bashes the voice from the first note she sings, shrieking  at the top and pushing at the bottom. It actually got to the point where I  just had to fast forward whenever she sang.<br />The smaller roles are all  adequately sung by the ensemble singers of the house and in the case of  Ruiz there is even a luxury casting in the person of Adriaan van  Limpt.<br />So far an OK recording. Which brings us to Cristina Deutekom. This  recording catches her in spectacular voice. After some flat notes in her  first aria (which she seems to use as a warm up) she flies off into the  cabaletta and never come back down to earth. She gives the role drama,  depth, soaring top notes, floating pianissimi... well, everything it needs.  To my taste she is the only dramatic coloratura who has any business  singing this role, because she is the only one able to give full dramatic  power (Miserere!) without ruining the voice for the piani, coloratura, fil  di voce etc. Their are many singing canaries within this voice type,  Cristina Deutekom is not one of them.<br />Christopher Keenes conducting is  secure though not very enlightened. <br />Enough to buy this CD? Deutekom is.
0425173895|5.0|This is the book that made Agatha Christie famous.  The ending created such controversy in 1926 that Christie was almost voted out of the famous London Detection Club (a tight-knit society of British mystery authors).   Only the tie-breaking vote of the club president, Dorothy Sayers, kept her  in.  <br />The ending violated one of the cardinal rules of mystery novels (I  won't tell which one), and was Christie's first best-seller. I promise --  you won't be able to guess the identity of the murderer!
0930289528|5.0|Alan Moore is also the author of the more famous Watchmen maxi-series, but this series came first and it clearly foreshadows the ideas expressed in Watchmen. The plot is not quite as complex as that of Watchmen, but the  characterization is excellent. It is not long, consisting of a 10-book  maxi-series in comic-book format. I believe that this is one of the  essential series for those who like mature comics.
B000000WJZ|5.0|A truly amazing album.  I personally think that this album ranks among such prolific albums like &quot;nevermind&quot; by Nirvana in the alternative/hard rock section.  Listeners will be rewarded by classic  pumpkin style, i.e Zero and bullet with butterfly wings, and song #12, (i  cant think of the name) from mellon collie and the infinite sadness.  I  especially like the songs Today, Cherub Rock and geek U.S.A.  But I dont  want to take anything away from the other songs, as they are all good.  Any  fan of rock should buy this album, and especially if you're a pumpkin fan.
B00004T9UH|5.0|Em has the tightest raps, out there.  I mean he's &quot;better then 90% of you other rappers out there&quot;, cuz you dudes don't keep it fresh, your lines just get so old quick, you use the same beats etc. on every song.  Em  is original, he's just awesome, he also has the guts to say what he feels,  you guys have the guts to say what you feel 'bout big screen TVs,  hahahahahahaha!  Sorry, that was just me.  But really, when you listen  to this CD, on collaborations like &quot;Remeber Me&quot;, you can really  tell how bad the guys rapping with Em are cuz, just well download that song  off napster (Napster rules! ) and you'll understand.  The best  songs are &quot;Kill You&quot;, &quot;Stan&quot;, &quot;The real Slim  Shady&quot;, and &quot;The Kids&quot; (yes that edited version only song is  pretty good).  So now get this CD, and &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; to,  that CD's also pretty good.
0880381736|5.0|At first sight this book might seem loaded with cliches: its a part of a saga, it has goblins, dragons, and unicorns, and, quite naturally, the protagonists are a &quot;band of unlikely heroes&quot; (a despondent  knight, an overprotective tribesman, a sorcerous princess, a wise but  tortured leader, a grumpy dwarf, a sinister mage, and a naive, fearless  hobbit-type character fill the extensive cast of heroes). So how does the  first book in the Dragonlance Chronicles manage to hold its own, and,  moreover, become a long-time bestseller? It has a believable, cohesive  plot, it is communicated in a clear, precise language, it is filled with  brilliant imagery, and it doesn't try to mimic the modern world (unlike the  hundreds of &quot;pagan fantasy&quot; novels that are flooding the market  today).<br />The first novel about the world of Dragonlance was created out of  the AD&amp;D game, which enjoys quite a number of interesting settings.  Nevertheless, this is legitimate fantasy (I wrote this sentense for the  people who sneer at the mention of role-playing) at its highest. Whether  Tanis and friends are dealing with undead, ancient temples, dragons, or  other obstacles, we, as the readers, are always treated to sophisticated  ethical dilemmas and intelligent thinking. <br />However standard the plot  might seem (an old evil rises once again) by fantasy standards, it seems  fresh and interesting, because the novel doesn't focus on any one aspect of  fantasy - there's mystery, suspence, thrill abound, open-mouthed awe,  romance, drama, pretty much everything. The characters are living people,  rather than sword-swinging smart-mouthed automatons.<br />Oh, a word of  warning: there are over eighty books set in the world of Dragonlance. And  not all of them are good. Try and be intelligent.
B00000IGGA|5.0|One of the most beautiful, ugly, wonderful, terrible albums I have ever heard.  BUY IT!   You won't be dissappointed!
B000005QH3|5.0|This has got to be the greastest car chase film ever made. You can't beat the beautiful 1970 Dodge Challenger that was used. They couldn't have picked a better actor to play the role of Kowalski. Barry Newman did a  great job. I wish that an uncut version of this movie was available. One  that has the scences with Charlotte Rampling in them. I've never seen the  remake but it's got to be as good as the first Vanishing Point.  Unfortunetly Kowalski did not make to his destination. If you like great  car movies, this is the best one you can buy? Can't wait to get the movie  soundtrack.
B00000I2I7|5.0|One of Sting's most brilliant albums. Both musically and lyrically among the finest. It is also one of his most personal and thought-provoking albums. You WILL want to read all the lyrics with the songs. And each song is a rare gem. Who can dispute the power contained in the ballads &quot;Fragile&quot; and &quot;Secret Marriage?&quot; Sting is also unafraid of tackling political issues in song, as in &quot;They Dance Alone. &quot; This album is a prime showcase of Sting's great intelligence and competence as a musician, and his affection for life and love. I have never listened to any other album as much as I have to this one. If you don't already have it, buy it. The enhanced CD even has a bonus video. You will not be disappointed.
B000001FS3|5.0|This album is one of the most famous albums by U2, and also the best of them. Some people rate it as the &quot;best of genre&quot;. The album includes many famous U2 classic songs - from &quot;Where the Streets Have  No Name&quot; to &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot;. An  album you MUST include to your CD library.
B000002J1U|5.0|OK - buy and listen to the new excellent collaboration between Jimmy Page and the Black Crowes - Live At The Greek.  Listen to Celebration Day and then listen to this album's version.  As much as I admire Chris Robinson's  spirit in trying to match Robert Plant's vocals, this is definately the  better version with Robert going way up in range, making the song.  Buy  this CD for this song.  It is awesome!
B00002E285|3.0|This is a very interesting movie, and i also recommend you to buy the album, but it's also a very boring movie. You don't understand what happenning there, and the sessions looks like the words - strange and  hard-to-understand...<br />But after all, this is a classic movie.
0140288503|5.0|This is by far the best combat book that I have ever read.  It's about 99 Army Rangers and Delta Force operatives who fast-rope into a city to capture some terrorist leaders.  Two helicopters are shot down and in  short, the Army elite are pinned down by thousands of Somalians for 15  hours while they try to rescue the helicopter crews.  It's very  action-packed.  It's a true story, and the author (Bowden) did an excellent  job of telling it how it was; he actually interviewed some 100 people that  participated in the fight and watched a couple hours of footage of the  fight.  I would recommend this book to anyone, unless you can't stand the  thought of mass amounts of blood.
6300214540|5.0|This movie is a calssic movie, which shows you a love story between a pilot and a girl. It's a classic (and one of the most famous) Tom Cruise's film.<br />It's so popular movie, that there's also a parodic movie about  that...<br />If you haven't seen it yet, run to buy it!
0812550706|5.0|Perhaps the most enjoyable book I've ever read, Ender's Game is a clever,thoughtful and thrilling adventure. Card has created in Ender Wiggins a character who every boy or man wishes he could be. Ender lives  out our fantasies -- fantasies we didn't even know we had until we read the  book. Now we know what we were missing -- adventures beyond our  imagination. But not beyond Card's. One of the few books, along with The  Foundation Trilogy and Lord of the Rings, that I would recommend to  introduce someone to the world of Science Fiction and Fantasy.
0380002930|5.0|This book keeps me tingling with excitement from the first chapter to the last. A gripping, vivid tale of how the young male rabbit Hazel, whose brother can see the future, is warned by Fiver that a dreadful calamity is  about to befall their home warren. They go to the chief rabbit and tell  him, but he proudly refuses to listen. Desperately, Hazel and Fiver gather  together as many other rabbits as they can and attempt to leave in the  night. They are stopped and told they are under arrest. They fight their  way out and set out on a journey that will make them the hardiest, bravest,  and smartest group of rabbits in all of the countryside. The daring Hazel,  the little future-seeing Fiver, the smart and reliable Blackberry, the  brawny duo Big-Wig and Silver, the great storyteller Dandelion, and  memorable others form a superb company that crosses the downs of England  searching for a new home. Finally after many tense abventures they come to  Watership Down, distant enough from men and free enough from 'elil'  (predators) to be a peaceful rabbit haven. All seems like it's going to  turn out well until the rabbits realize they have made a terrible mistake.  In leaving the old warren, they had not brought does. The new warren faces  certain destruction if there is no way of securing a few females to help  the warren grow. They are at a loss for what to do, when Hazel, whom they  have elected chief rabbit, tells them to keep their eyes out for a bird in  need of help. Luckily they find a black- headed gull and having saved it  from almost certain death, beg it to fly and look for another warren in  which they can find does. After much searching the bird brings back news of  an over-crowded warren a few days' journey away. Three rabbits set out as  an embassy only to return with a sorry tale of capture, inprisonment and  escape with barely their skins, yet alone does. Hazel then pits his wits  against the evil chief rabbit, Woundwort of the oppressed warren. With thehelp of Kehaar, the gull, he finds a  boat tied to the shore of a small  stream near Woundwort's warren, Efrafa. They astonish Woundwort and his  soldiers by getting their whole company (along with the does they had  stolen from under his nose) onto the   punt - and biting through the cord,  they sail down river.  After more adventures they finally succeed in  getting the does back to Watership Down.  But they do not know that they  have been followed closely by the spies of Woudwort. He, knowing the  location of Watership Down, comes upon Hazel and his faithful friends, to  wreck his vengence on them. The climax is such a glory of loyalty, bravery,  resourcfulnes, and suspense that when it is finished I always find that I  have barely breathed in the last twenty minutes.    <br />        I have read  it again and again and I never get tired of Richard Adams' all-glorious  masterpiece, Watership Down.
B000002WNP|5.0|The Elvis 60's have been vastly under-rated by critics and supposed fans alike.  This collection does not include much, or any, of Elvis's substandard soundtrack work from the 60's and includes many of the  excellent Nashville tracks from the end of the decade.  The material is not  always top-rate in and of itself, but every song on this collection is made  great by Elvis.  Not only is this collection notable for Elvis's vocal  power, but for the use of fuzz-guitar and musical styles that give you an  idea of just how up with (and ahead of) the times Elvis was during the  60's.  This collection represents some of the best music made in that  decade, bar none.  If you haven't guessed yet, it was listening to this  collection that sent me over the top for Elvis, rather than some of the  starter set greatest hits packages RCA has put out in the past.  (Well,  actually, the real kick over the edge always will be the original Sun  Sessions, but that's another story completely.)  This set is the ultimate  proof of the old adage that it is the singer and not the song that makes a  recording great, as Elvis twists some mediocre songs (amidst some great  ones, as well) into real rock classics.
0140013997|5.0|What a tribute to Gerald Durrell - to see how his writings have made so many people laugh!  I, too, became an avid reader of Gerry Durrell's stories as a 11 year old kid growing up in Kenya.  The whole family  developed a passion for observing the small &quot;beef&quot; of the Kenyan  highlands and an enduring appreciation of nature and ecology.  Don't stop  with &quot;My Family and Other Animals&quot; if you love Durrell's sense of  humor and affection for animals!  Try &quot;The Bafut Beagles&quot;,  &quot;A Zoo in My Lugage&quot;, and whatever else you can get your hands  on.  Durrell had a rare and precious ability to find the humor in most any  situation, often at his own expense.  His deep love of the animals and  people he encountered shines out from behind the funny stories.  He paints  masterpieces with words.
B00000294R|5.0|Big L's amazin rhymin skills are clearly visible on this LP and its really too bad that he went out like that before he made it big. He really deserves to be recognized as one of the top rappers ever. Just listen to  how he rips it up on &quot;Dangerzone&quot; and &quot;MVP&quot;, he also  spits witty lyrics on &quot;No Endz, No Skinz&quot; explaining how  &quot;..some girls dont even know me askin me can they get some money, im  lookin nothin like your poppa i wouldnt give a chick 10 cents to put cheese  on her whopper&quot; The cd also has tight cameos by Ma$e, Cam'ron,  McGruff, and Buck-wild. I was gonna order it online after hearing some of  his songs, but i couldn't wait for it to get mailed so i went out and  bought it. If you respect a good lyricist as much as I do, you definately  have to cop this album, this cd is no joke.
B000000OMJ|5.0|Have you ever realy tought about all of intelligent things which were done by PG in his 3rd ALBUM? I think you did...  It sounds sometimes like a political manifest (&quot;Biko&quot;), strange psychological accident  (&quot;I Don't Remember&quot; and &quot;No Self-Control&quot;), terrible  nationalism (&quot;Not One Of Us&quot;) and beautiful and peaseful melody  &quot;Start&quot; (the best musical theme on album, as I think)... Every  single track reflects his electrified energy... His voice raises on  unthinkable pitch... You can feel every nerve of him... That's great... He  speaks to you by his own way... And what about personnel? Jerry Marotta,  Robert Fripp, Tony Levin, Paul Wheller, Kate Bush... Well...  Now you can  guess how powerful this album is...
B00000294R|5.0|Big L's amazin rhymin skills are clearly visible on this LP and its really too bad that he went out like that before he made it big. He really deserves to be recognized as one of the top rappers ever. Just listen to  how he rips it up on &quot;Dangerzone&quot; and &quot;MVP&quot;, he also  spits witty lyrics on &quot;No Endz, No Skinz&quot; explaining how  &quot;..some girls dont even know me askin me can they get some money, im  lookin nothin like your poppa i wouldnt give a chick 10 cents to put cheese  on her whopper&quot; The cd also has tight cameos by Ma$e, Cam'ron,  McGruff, and Buck-wild. If you respect a good lyricist as much as I do you  definately have to cop this album, this cd is no joke.
B000002U9W|5.0|For me this period in Pink Floyd's history is the most productive. Here it is: 1969 - &quot;More&quot; &amp; &quot;Ummagumma&quot;, 1970 - &quot;Atom Heart Mother&quot; &amp; &quot;Zabriskie Point&quot;, 1971 -  &quot;Relics&quot; &amp; &quot;Meddle&quot;...  I owe whole Pink Floyd's  discography and &quot;Atom Heart Mother&quot; is  a Diamond in my  collection... It's a real Pink Floyd. I'm not saying that because of  adoration of it.... No... Simply in this piece of art we have psychodelia,  improvisation, good vocals, meditations and ability of pure imagination,  which always matters... I've dicovered this album only seven years ago and  it became my real &quot;friend&quot;... Compositions are following: 1. Atom  Heart Mother (real symphony, with cacophony, chorus and the sounds of  motorcycle and a battle... great place is where viola plays with organ), 2.  If (ballad... Roger's perfect voice), 3. Summer '69 (Richard's song about  group fan girls... underlined with piano), 4. Fat Old Sun (David's gutar  dominates... very quiet and pleasant song), 5. Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast  (mix from three different versions - piano, guitar and all together... very  clever... plus  voices of Alan... I know who is he...) Unfortunately time  when music was not only money-making industry gone...
B00004T9UF|5.0|I can't stand all those people who haven't heard more than 3 of Eminem's songs that say he has no skills. If you listen to his first LP, his freestyles, his underground stuff, and this cd, you'll see that he's among  the top 10, maybe even 5, lyricists out right now. His rhymin and his flow  is original because theres no one else in the industry that has his style.  He keeps your head nodding through the whole cd and even gives you an  occasional laugh. He also shows his ability to tell a story on  &quot;Stan&quot;, where his deep lyrics keeps you thinking. As for most of  his other songs, his venomous lyrics are tight as hell and he finally  responds back to those make-up wearing posers, ICP. All of the beats are  good and Eminem flows with them perfectly. Dre, Snoop, Xzibit, and Nate  Dogg make the album stronger. Except for 2 very weak cameos by D-12's  Bizarre, this album is ridiculous. You won't know or appreciate what a good  lyricist Eminem is till you cop this album.
0553274503|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read! It was surprising and I kept wanting to see what happens next or how things to turn out. At first I wasn't too intent on reading this book but I had to read it for school and  after a couple pages... I didn't want to put it down! I recommend this  book to everyone.
B00003CXB6|5.0|I cannot disagree more with those reviewers who found this movie to be a poor sequel. It is  worthy contender in its own right. The story only slightly relies on the prior movie, the cast is no second rate collection  of actors as often appears in sequels, and the production values, including  the quality of special effects show up on the screen. While I preferred  some of the prior characters, those in the second movie are not inferior,  just different.  The chase sequences are thrilling and the T-Rex loose in  San Diego is a hoot. Heartily recommended.
B00000JMQE|5.0|I don`t care what people say this is the best movie ever, a light hearted family movie from the labyrinth, dark crystal, return of the jedi genre. People say this is an insult to the wizard of oz but in fact if these people had read the books by the late L. Frank Baum they would of realised  that this follows his books more closely than the wizard of oz does, don`t  get me wrong its a great film. The characters in Return to oz Are more  cuter than its prequel, like Tik-Tok, Jack Pumpkinhead, Billina and my  favourite the Gump. But also more scary characters like the wheelers,  princess Mombi and the Gnome King. So please watch this great movie fully  before you judge, its the greatest.
0312199066|4.0|I'm an admitted fan of the space program, and was looking for a book to read while on vacation.  I picked this one up three times, and put it back twice before finally deciding to buy it because I could find nothing else.   I didn't put it down again.  Gene Cernan's story is a riveting behind the  scenes look at the NASA space race through Apollo, through his eyes.  A  wonderful journey, and you feel like you're going with him.  I'm glad I  bought it.
0140282033|5.0|This delectable book is a joy to read, and impossible (if not simply wrong) to read without eating chocolate. Scene after scene is dedicated to the divinity of Cocoa, and I had to get up and make a pan of brownies  before I could finish the novel. I needed the scent of chocolate filling  the room, the taste dissolving on my tongue -- its power had so permeated  my mind. <br />But this book isn't only about chocolate. It's a multi-layered,  symbolic, beautifully written tale. If I start listing all the themes, I  won't be able to stop. In summary, this book is about Life with a Capital  &quot;L&quot; (which means it's also about death and the complete journey  in between.)<br />I also enjoyed the references to the Tarot. Can you guess  which card Vianne symbolizes?<br />One warning: if you're a devout Catholic,  you probably won't like this book. The church is NOT painted in a good  light.
014028009X|4.0|Hillarious book!   Bridget Jones makes all neurotics feel normal.  I laughed out loud at Bridget's inner thoughts which I rarely ever do with a novel (especially in public).  Only downfall is towards the end, the  realism drops (mother's whole criminal experience) which was a little  disappointing for me because I was following the whole thing as  true-to-life.  Overall, I highly recommend this book.  Outstanding!
0316777722|5.0|I adored this book! Had fallen in love with his now deceased mother from his first book &quot;Naked&quot;. At one point I had to put the book down to wipe my eyes and control my laughter.Picked it up and started laughing  all over again. With all the hilarity there is a poignant under tone that  makes one sometimes feel his puzzled alienation.
B00003CWL5|5.0|An incredible piece of work!   Kevin Spacey was flawless and absolutly deserved the oscar he won.  I love Annette Benning and loved her performance.  A truly unique way of showing how some people appear one way  on the outside but if you &quot;look closer&quot; they are a completely  different person trying to get out i.e. Kevin Spacey's Lester.   Timeless  masterpiece!
B00003Q438|5.0|This DVD should be in everyones film collection.  The production and special effects are excellent. The acting is superb and the story is moving.  Go out and buy this DVD at once  You won't regret it.
B000003TA4|5.0|Hi there.  Nirvana is good.  If you don't buy this CD, you're sick.  Bye.
0800130928|5.0|Isolation, insanity, social issues, nsecurity, Scorsese's intensive storytelling and amazing camerashots, the best actor in the world in a starring role, young Jodie Foster... what more can you hope! This is the  ultimate social movie, a milestone in Scorsese's career and a breathtaking  roleplay by DeNiro as an isolated vet. Stunned, that's what I am!
158234082X|5.0|This book is a scream!  Tony Bourdain's sense of humor is wonderful, and to say he has a way with words would be an understatement.  The man is hysterical. The &quot;pirate&quot; analogy is too cool (read the book to  find out).  One thing I don't get is his vilification of Emeril. I have  never seen Emeril on TV but I have eaten his food in New Orleans, and there  is no argument - the guy makes great tasting food.  One question:  WHO is  Bigfoot?
0790729733|3.0|A truely genious movie with any other way, my attention is distracted by the terribly unlogical music that creates a disturbing contract between the music and the spirit of the scenes, making it bearly watchable. Sorry, it  just bugs me, and that's how I saw it!
B000021XR5|5.0|Yes, you can't turn on the radio anymore without hearing Korn, Limp Bizkit, or Staind (although all good in there in own right).  But there was a day, a long time ago, when S.T.P. ruled the airwaves.  I had nearly  forgotten that day, until a heard &quot;Down&quot; some months ago.  The I  heard &quot;Sour Girl&quot; and I said, &quot;Can a band actually have  different styles of music on the same c.d.?&quot;  No. 4 is truly awesome,  and in a rare move these days, it's gets continually better as you listen  and explore.  I promise you it will take some time till you tire of  listening to &quot;Down&quot;, &quot;Heaven and Hot Rods&quot;, and  &quot;Pruno&quot; because they are so heavy and intense.  But, when you do  move on, thats where the real &quot;booty&quot; lies, ARRRR!   &quot;I  Got You&quot; has this chorus that seems to build on this weird melodic  structure, but it's so darn addictive, or how &quot;No Way Out&quot;  (although the lyrics are a bit offensive) flows so seemlessly from heavy to  soft, it's like you listening to two different bands both battling for your  attention.  And &quot;MC5&quot; will just plain kick in your teeth and  rock.  Remember rock, good rock?  I almost forgot, but S.T.P saved my  pathetic live.
B00004U8WT|3.0|Usually Imports contain bonus songs that aren't readily available to the U.S. consumers.  This Import is no different than the U.S. release aside from a slightly larger case and the Japanese writing on the side.  It's not  that I don't like Reload, it's just if I am paying more for the CD, I would  like some bonus tracks.  Since there aren't bonus tracks, only hard core  collectors should get this.  I would recommend the U.S. version of this CD  which is MUCH cheaper.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Beautifully executed movie that was able to blend comedy and drama into one in a way never done in Hollywood yet. One disappointment was that Annette Bening didn't win an Award she really did deserve.
B000002BBY|5.0|1995-1996 were the two years in which the rock band, Oasis scaled to the top of the world, both musically and culturally, carving an impression that remains today. They were into good times, were belligerent, total rock  stars. And for once, they had the tunes to back them. <br />This album is  packed with hit songs- Roll With It, Wonderwall, Don't Look Back in Anger,  Some Might Say, Morning Glory and Champagne Supernova- all released as  singles around the world- all successful, all completely and utterly  majestic. It was Oasis's peak, and they would never get this high  again.<br />A milestone in 1990's rock music, any way you look at it. In fact,  don't look at it. Just listen to it, and cast your mind away to better  times. <br />...PS- if you have an acoustic guitar, you'll be strumming these  songs in no time.
B000002LN9|4.0|That honor goes to Live At the Fillmore with the Dominos. Even Just One Night and EC Was Here are much better than this.  The blues section of disc one is the only real reason to own this.  If only this were two cd's worth  of that material.  And the Cream covers are technically superb (this IS  Clapton after all) but decline into bombast obviously calculated to sound  impressive on FM airplay.  Disc two is an unfocused mess, too many abrupt  style changes and an embarrassingly horrible version of Bell Bottom Blues.   Only &quot;Hard Times&quot;, with tasty piano from veteran Chuck Berry  sideman Johnnie Johnson redeems here.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|The dream is true, after waiting for so long they're back, the true Icons of Heavy Metal, long gone the glory days of Piece of mind, Powerslave and even Somewhere in time, now fresh air again, that makes the little kid  inside confortable once more, full of that emotional driving force that  once conquered the heart and soul of all fans around the globe, Air Raid  Siren still possessed and Adrian has made a deal with perpetual creation,  they delivered as they promised, 3 gtrs that don't struggle to lead, but  trade off to create beautiful harmonies, Harris the Lord of the metal bass  players always gives the best with his blessed punch, and Nicko faithful to  the cause, basically a well structured album with outstanding tracks such  as the opening track Wicker man does well as the intro to the album, very  energetic, but is then surpassed by Ghost of the navigator that could  easily be the Rhyme of the ancient mariner in the style of seventh son,   followed by the title track, Brave new world which is crowned with that  progressive feel that reminds us of Somewhere in time album, but not quite,   Dream of Mirrors and Blood Brothers are the emotional to the core tracks  with interesting changes, The Mercenary as the name suggests it, could have  been a Judas Priest song judging by the intro, in other words has that 80s  feel to it, but molded to what could be the new era of Heavy Metal maybe? ,  The Nomad beautifully executed with a middle eastern flavour to it, you can  see the desert!  a future classic!  The Fallen angel a little too obvious,  not weak but it's not one of the best tracks, although the concept is  fairly good and catchy, good drumming makes it enjoyable, Out of the silent  planet this is a track worth paying attention to, it has been voted by some  metal mags as the most revealing track of this album and possible Maiden  classic, listen and judge for yourself, I must insist on The Nomad for that  matter..and last but not least The thin line of loveand hate, a song  everybody can relate to, easy on the listener as it flows thru your ears  and stays, Bruce sings with such pleasure and freedom reaching those highs  so naturally, it makes you come back for more, overall the guitar work is  superb, can tell the difference, the guitarists have improved their tones  for this album, at times there's some sort of that wall of sound effect  that lacks definition but could be the way that Shirley (producer)worked  things out this time with Maiden, he's known for producing progressive  metal bands such as Dream Theater, most likely Shirley wanted to apply the  same recording tech on Maiden but apples are not oranges Mr. Shirley,  anyway it is always good to try new things in the recording studio, without  changing style, and structure, and Shirley respected that at all times, and  has brought out the best of the Beast.. so follow the tradition and  celebrate the biggest come back in metal history with all the glory of  Brave new world that surely is and will be one of Maiden favorite albums,  hopefully it wont be the last great album, that would conclude the final  chapter of their incredible 21 year career,  but the beginning of the new  era of Heavy Metal!  it is our responsibility as metal fans, musicians,  and consumers to make a difference by supporting great bands like Maiden  among others, to bring back once and for all, The True Sounds of Freedom,  and break the chains that bind most musicians, condemned to the slavery of  the record labels, the media, and the charts, so for all of them non  believers tough...   Up the Irons once more!
B00000J7S8|5.0|This disc is one of THE best of popular jazz discs that have been released in recent years.Diana Krall is a consumate performer, and embodies all the musical talent that a singer/pianist could hope to posess.Her rendition of  &quot;I've got you under my skin&quot; can move one to tears! It is sublime  ! Keep the discs coming -I cannot wait for the next release.
B00004STDN|3.0|As a rock climber, don't get me started on all the technical/factual errors of this film; I'll just concentrate on the DVD features. The commentary from Harlin and Stallone are combined with mostly Harlin doing  the talking. I think Stallone makes comments in only 3 points in the movie.  The commentary from Harlin is interesting especially combined with the  comments from the crew. The art director and editor give the crew comments.  The art director gave very interesting comments on how most of the effects  were done, the editor's comments were very boring. There's an intro by  Harlin about why he made the trailer, as it is, which is a bit unorthodox,  but not much. Stallone hosts the making of featurette and is fairly  interesting giving info on how the major effects were done. There are  actually only 2 deleted scenes with a separate introduction by Harlin for  one which I guess counts as the third.  One is a completely unrealistic ice  climb by Stallone and I other I can't remember, regardless, they added  nothing to the film and were rightfully cut. The two special effects  behind-the-scenes are of the helicopter explosion and the introduction  fall. The three storyboard comparisons were of the helicopter explosion,  the air-to-air transfer, and the introduction fall; boring. The photos in  the galleries were too small and maybe on a huge screen you could see  detail, but probably not. For the climbers out there, Wolfgang Gullich was  Stallone's climbing double who died shortly before this movie was released  and the film is dedicated to him.  Ron Kulk (climbing double), Jim Bridwell  (rigger), Bob Gaines (safety officer) and David Breashears (camara  operator, IMAX Everest) also worked on this film. The only extra that  really makes this DVD worth it is the crew commentary otherwise everything  else is just fluff. I might add this to my collection mainly because I'm a  climber and as unrealistic as it is, the Italian Alps, where a lot of the  scenes were filmed, is just gorgeous country.
B00000IL67|5.0|This box set is the ultimate collection for the ultimate Alice Cooper fan. The four discs span every song from old favorites (Billion Dollar Babies, Muscle Of Love, Eighteen), to Alice's first recordings with The Spiders, to  brand spakin' new tunes, even one with Rob Zombie. Of course it sports  rarities of all sorts. The best? Alice's duet with Axl Rose on &quot;Under  My Wheels&quot;, and my favorite redneck aping &quot;I Love America&quot;  from the impossible-to-find &quot;Dada&quot; album.<br />The enclosed 80 page  booklet is a treasure trove of personal information and commentary from the  band, a complete disc and videography, and a brutally honest history from  the perspectives of several renowned writers. I found Alice's comment on  the song &quot;How You Gonna See Me Now&quot; to be especially touching;  From The Inside is an album which I have an all-too-close personal  identification with.<br />This set is quite simply a must-have for every  Cooperphile, and a fab addition to any rock collection.
0446525537|5.0|Even though there is nothing that jumps out at you in this book, I thought it was a smooth read. I really looked forward to everytime I had a chance to read it. I loved the character develpement. It really makes you  appreciate the things you have as well.
0783242808|5.0|American Pie was so hilarious it had me rolling on the floor laughing.  Who could ever forget the classic scene where Finch has to use the women's restroom to take care of business and isn't exactly quiet about it.  It's  too bad that Eli Marienthal (Steve Stifler's younger brother) didn't have a  bigger role; he was incredible as Hogarth in the Iron Giant.
B000002UAO|5.0|My older sister was mad about the Beatles. I thank her for making me so aware of this fab album.<br />Rubber Soul is the best album the Beatles put out. Period. Where Sgt Peppers strains to be 'far out' and obtuse, Rubber  Soul shines with a wit and truthfulness that has yet to reappear on the  musical landscape. Also, this album is chocked full of amazing songs that  seem like bubble gum pop, but when looked at closer are just amazingly  crafted gems. <br />When a lot of bands were putting out records to rake in on  their cresting fame, the Beatles put out Rubber Soul (1965) as an album of  their art. Songs like THINK FOR YOURSELF, IM LOOKING THRU YOU, and YOU WONT  SEE ME, were like no other songs of the time. They used 20 point words in  their rhymes and it made sense. Smashing!<br />On Rubber Soul, you also have  the Beatles standards NORWEGAN WOOD, MICHELLE, and Drive MY CAR (...I died  after hearing it being used as background music on a car commercial!  gasp!).  Even their more poppy songs had briany subtext to them. <br />The  only song on here that really creeps me out is the confusing RUN FOR YOUR  LIFE. I wonder if they realized how 'Ike and Tina' or 'Ronnie and Phil'  that song is. Creepy!<br />Anyway. I think this is the Beatles best album  ever. If it isnt a part of your collection, I think youre missing out...xo
0312263120|5.0|I read this book in one day.  I couldn't put it down.  It has a good story line and the plot twists are great.  Quick read and enjoyable at that.
B000021Y77|5.0|~Ok, I wanted to write a long review for this movie (becuz its just the best movie made in like... forever) but I will just give you a quick idea of the plot so you can read it fast and then buy this amazing movie!  xo<br />Lola's boyfriend Manni has left 100,000 marks on a subway, and he'll  be dead if he doesn't get it to his gangster boss in 20 minutes!  Its a  good thing for him that he has a strong woman behind him. With her fire  engine red hair, Lola is so powerful that she breaks glass when she  screams, she can heal the dying, and she won't even let the movie end until  everything in her life is right. <br /> This film is refreshingly feminist  foward, in that the leading actor is a woman who is in flux and must  &quot;save the day&quot;. The whole plot and story line depend on the  actions of this 20~something punky woman. This edge of your seat, heart  stopping adventure draws you in by letting you know that it could be you up  there running to help your boy/girlfriend. Also, this film puts the ART  back in Arthouse with its punk rock style, its multiple outcomes and a  'choose your own adventure' ending style. How many ways can one major screw  up end up?  Will Lola and Manni live happily ever after? Will there be  laughter or tears? Hmmmm. <br />Director Tykwer has fashioned a massively  impressive, music video styled film that also stops long enough to enrich  each character, adding layers as the story is revisited. He also  relentlessly toys with the medium, including giving flash-forward  life-stories to mere extras (very humorous and witty) and running the  credits backward. Tremendous fun, hugely entertaining. Only Grinches and  prunes will not fall madly in love with this witty, fast paced winner! Run,  and I mean RUN! to the Check out with this film! (tee-hee)
0684803356|5.0|Having recently come back from Paris, I went through a Hemingway phase, starting with his memoirs of his Paris days, then I stumbled on this book.<br />The stumbling was a fortunate accident, for this book is amazing.  Hemingway's short but powerful prose is in perfect form. I actually find  Hemingway and Gabriel Garcia Marquez similar in their ability to capture a  thought completely in one sentence- even though their actual sentences are  different.<br />Hemingway perfectly captures poignant emotions, and the  sentence sparsity adds to the strength and description beautifully.<br />I  also agree with one of the other reviewers above, in that my appreciation  is probably helped by age. A lot of the emotions of loss, doubt,  disillusion and love I only felt in my post high school years. It's a good  adventure story nonetheless, but might lose its power for a youger  audience.
0671034065|5.0|Linda Howard will not disappoint her legions of fans with her latest romantic suspense, Mr. Perfect. The key word here is romantic. A lot of her faithful readers, including me, were disheartened by her last book, All the  Queen's Men, because much of the romantic tension (which is her hallmark)  seemed to be missing. Not so in Mr. Perfect. <br />     The plot revolves  around a list of attributes that make up the perfect man-- a list concocted  by four female co-workers and friends at their regular Friday-night,  afterwork, unwind-with a-few-drinks get together. The List is righteous and  raunchy. It becomes a hot topic of water cooler conversation after it is  leaked and appears in a renegade company newsletter and on the Internet.  What follows is an avalanche of publicity and attention as everyone in  first the region, then the nation is talking about the List. It also  catches the attention of a psychopath who is determined to eliminate the  List ladies, one by one.<br />    The heroine, Jaine Bright, enlists the  assistance of her sexy cop neighbor, Sam Donovan, when she fears that she  and her friends are in mortal danger. Jaine is funny and smart with a  wicked wit and a gutter mouth that she is trying desperately to clean up.  Sam is strong, hunky and gives as good as Jaine in the verbal jabs  department. The romance develops between the two like slow foreplay-- its  simmers, sizzles and finally explodes. Unlike the heroine and hero in All  the Queen's Men, Sam and Jaine are together throughout the book as they  spar, kiss, make love and attempt to find the killer.<br />    Despite the  grim premise, this book is funnier and more lighthearted than previous  Linda Howard novels. Granted there are some very sad scenes, but the  dialogue and characterizations throughout kept me laughing. The friendship  among the four woman was also well-drawn and captured the laughter,  loyalty, empathy and yes raunchiness that women who are good friends can  display with eachother.<br />     I enjoyed Mr. Perfect immensely, was sad to  see it end, and can't wait for her next book!
0553213105|4.0|Pride and Prejudice is a great book.  I've always liked Jane Austen's style, and I'm much interested in books during this period.  This novel is a perfect example about feminine frivolity and Victorian ways of mind.  It's also epidemizes the importance of humbleness.<br />All the characters  plainly suggest that the highest standard a woman had in during the early  1800's was being a rich man's wife.  Pride and Prejudice narrates a story  about a poor man's daughters and their stuggles in &quot;catching&quot; a  man of high society.<br />Jane, the beauty, longs for the attention of Mr.  Bingley, the owner of Netherfield Park.  Through parties, dinners, and  occasional ailments, their love blossoms into a possible  proposal.<br />Elizabeth, the easygoing, proud daughter, battles the  intolerably rude and snobby blueblood, Mr. Darcy.  Though they can't stand  each others company, this friction grows into love.  The only problem is  their stubborn pride, each refusing to acknowledge the fact that they've  fallen for people whom they regard as the scum of the world.<br />Lydia, the  youngest and the rashest, hopes to marry the crooked Mr. Wickham, but  Wickham has different ideas.<br />I loved Pride and Prejudice, and I  recommend this book to anyone who loves romances.
6305426651|3.0|Hundreds of reviews? What's all the fuss about? This is very much a film of two halves. The first half is a classic slapstick romance, the second half, a black comedy. These two link together, but the change of pace is  jarring and is signalled by the arrival of the main characters at a  concentration camp. I wondered how it could be possible to make a comedy of  the holocaust, and now I know - depict a fantasy rather than reality. The  film is 'unrealistic' in the extreme, but this only partly detracts from  the main message, that life and love are stronger than fear and death. I'm  not a person who laughs out loud at slapstick - and here yet another egg in  the hat routine bores me. But despite the sometimes formulaic pratfalls  this film has some comedic moments that are truly inspired. Benigni's  arrival at the town school to explain and inadvertantly debunk racial  superiority, for instance, or his impromptu 'translation' of the rules of  the concentration camp, are simultaneously hilarious and poignant. If  you're looking for a film about the holocaust, this isn't it. But if you're  looking for a great sentimental comedy with some fine moments, this is one  for you. If you've already seen it and loved it, try 'Il Postino' (The  Postman). Its better.
B000000M4M|5.0|Back in 1988 this record, along with Sonic Youth's &quot;Daydream Nation&quot; and the Pixies &quot;Dolittle&quot;, just blew everything else that came out away. Nowadays it still does. This is guitar rock at its  best. Simply massive. And if you listen real close... you'll even hear the  great pop melodies underneath the layers upon layers of guitars. Just buy  it.
0451191153|5.0|I'm not going to give a big review on this book, other people have said enough. I'm just going to say, if everyone read this book the world would be a much better place. READ IT!
B000002H72|5.0|Back in the eighties alternative music was still indie music and bands like the Pixies, Sonic Youth and Dinosaur Jr. made their best records. Strike that. They made the best records ever. Listen to this record (and  Surfer Rosa) and you'll understand where all the alternative music came  from - and where it went horribly wrong. Doolittle is what alternative  music should still be: surprising, funny, scary. Go and buy it. Go on.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Where Toy Story dealt with Buzz and Woody's identity crisises, Toy Story 2 deals with the importance of friendship and family.  The storyline, acting and animation were superb.  There was plenty of humor, but there was also  sadness, regret, greed, and plenty of suspense.  If you haven't already, go  out and get your copy.
B000002U8G|5.0|Growing up on Dark side, the wall, and wish you were here from my dad's cd collection, it was not until recently that I looked further into Floyd and some of their other works.  After downloading the echoes mp3 I bought the  album.  It took me about all day to download but it was worth it.          The whole first side shows a still experimental floyd with varying styles  and catchy tune (Fearless) to hard rock (One of thes days).  Spare Seamus,  all the songs are great.  Echoes is simply the best floyd song ever  written, one of the best prog rock songs ever.  Never has floyd had so much  feelings.  Only us and them came remotely close.  Echoes stirs emotions you  don't know you have.  Sooooo creepy, especially the interlude with some  wind tape effects and Gilmours pedal steel sounding like a bunch of  hellbent seagulls (?), makes me shiver every time.  Awesome solo, brilliant  and poetic lyrics,I can't say enough about echoes and Meddle.  A must have  for any fan, though perhaps not an ideal first purchase.
B00004TDTO|5.0|that's going to have a heart attack when he sees what I brung him!&quot; So says Quint near the climax of Jaws, the first summer blockbuster and one of the greatest,  most exciting movies ever made.  Face it, few other  movies can match the intensity of the narrative, or the credibility of the  characters.  The shark, when it is finally seen, looks rather fake, but the  characters seem real and that is what sells this movie and makes it surpass  the likes of Armageddon. The scene where Brody (played by Roy Scheider) is  being mimicked at the dinner table by his youngest son, the scene where his  wife calms him down about yelling at his older son to get out of a boat,  only to change her mind after looking at a picture in a book Brody was  reading, the scene where 2 fishermen hook a roast &amp; throw it off a dock  to get more than they bargained for, all are strong examples of the  verissimiltude that this movie carries with it.<br />But along with the  characters this movie also boasts scientific accuracy, at least as much as  will be permitted to let the plot function.  Territoriality, for example,  is a theory that has been applied to sharks, but there has also been  evidence to suggest that it is inaccurate.  In general, sharks do not  develop a taste for human flesh.  However, the anecdotes of the shark  experts ring true, &amp; provides insights of their different  personalities--Hooper chuckling over how a shark ripped apart his first  boat &amp; how it fascinated him vs. Quint's chilling narrative of The  Indianapolis.<br />The picture has never been clearer than on this dvd (I  keep odd hours &amp; have roommates, so I must keep the volume down &amp;  therefore will not rate the audio quality)  The documentary is likewise  terrific &amp; makes up for the lack of audio commentary.  Some of the  deleted scenes were used in network broadcasts of the movie, others look  like alternate takes of scenes.  All in all, the only thing I found mildly  disapointing about this movie were the bloopers.  We only get 2.<br />But  still, it's Jaws, the most exciting movie released this year (excepting  North-by-Northwest) whether it be the movie theater or video. And a  quintessential popcorn muncher.  See it before you go into the water.about this movie were the bloopers.  We only get 2.<br />But  still, it's Jaws, the most exciting movie released this year (excepting  North-by-Northwest) whether it be the movie theater or video. And a  quintessential popcorn muncher.  See it before you go into the water.
B00004THAY|5.0|This album is totally mag! Two finer musicians couldn't have come together.
6305750750|4.0|You know when a movie has awesome special effects when they can't be told from the footage of real performers. THAT's the case of Episode I. Sometimes the scenes have SO MANY DETAILS that they're hard to detail, but  that doesn't take anything away to the movie.<br /> Lucas has done it again.  I wouldn't say this is the best of the four (that's why I'm giving it a 4  of 5), but it definitely is worth being in your collection, specially if  you're serious about Star Wars.
0684833395|5.0|Heller's masterpiece is one of those few books that can be appreciated even by people who haven't experienced war at all.  As a 23 yr old reader, I obviously haven't been involved with WWII.  However, this irreverent look  at the absurd nature of all bureaucracies still affected me powerfully.   <br />Written like stand-up comedy, this continuous punchline takes the reader  on a trip through the hell's of war as seen by Yossarian, a bombadier who  thinks, rightly, that everyone is out to kill him.  Yossarian's paranoia is  truly bizarre yet seems to make perfect sense in a world changed by the  presence of war.  <br />This masterpiece of modern literature holds as its  core theme that war alters everything and everyone, and that people in such  a situation become themselves paradoxes.  The doctor who is obsessed with  his own health, the chaplain who loses his faith (in an  &quot;English-speaking, Anglo-Saxon, pro-American God...&quot; - one of the  funniest passages I've read in any book), the tortured pilot who can't  sleep unless he knows for sure that he won't be sent home and must fly more  missions; all make this war satire one of the best two or three books I've  ever read.  Yes, it's everything it's cracked up to be, and you will be  too.
B000002IR7|3.0|You KNOW the three original compositions are, in Dave Marsh's words, &quot;what happens when the best backing group ever decides it's time to step up front and be noticed.&quot; (You probably also know how badly  underrated is &quot;Mo' Onions&quot; - particularly Steve Cropper's  ever-so-understated guitar break; the greatest soul rhythm guitarist of  them all before Teenie Hodges came of age could flat play the blues without  breaking a sweat or letting the string-bending joyboys intimidate him...the  man's middle name was &quot;Taste&quot;.) You also know that most of the  rest is the kind of filler you used to hear (and cringe upon) at the local  skating rink. But if you've got even half the sense of humour as the guys  who cut it, this album isn't all that bad. In fact, they actually make  &quot;Lonely Avenue&quot; (the classic Ray Charles cut from Pomus-Shuman)  work. As album makers, Booker T. and the M.G.s in due course began living  up to their classic singles and then some, and would someone PLEASE remind  the nimrod from the critic's review at the head of the page that with the  horns they were the MAR-KEYS, and not the BAR-KAYS (which was an entirely  different band, both before and after they bought it with Otis Redding in  that plane crash...)
1878424319|4.0|I have read many books on how the human spirit can travel toward the road to enlightenment e.g. the Seat of the Soul, The Art of Happiness, Soul Stories etc. and they all have something   positive to offer.  However, one  of my criteria for rating these types of books is how can we utilize this  information in our daily lives.  I don't think most of us will be giving up  our house, our cars, our tv's and cell phones to go off and live on a  mountain in Tibet any time soon, so the question is how can we apply these  Four Agreements into our daily routines?  That's the tough part!  While in  theory the  Four Agreements are beneficial ways to live our lives, can they  be put into practice?  I'm not sure that the author Miguel Ruiz cited many  of examples of how to put these agreements into practice, he kind of leaves  that up to you to decide how to do that.  Also some of his ideas are a  little &quot;out there&quot;, for example, he refers to life as a  &quot;dream&quot; and postulates that we all make our own dreams, therefore  our reality only exists in our own minds. I'm not sure Einstein would  entirerly agree with that theory, but there you are.  I liked the book  because the theories are interesting and uplifting, but can these  agreements really be used in our everyday lives?  That is the question that  Ruiz does not seem to answer in this book.
B00000DC10|5.0|Unbelievable.  I didn't think much of &quot;New Noise&quot;when I saw it on MTV's &quot;Return to Rock&quot; (Why exactly shouldthere be a &quot;RETURN&quot;?  JUST PLAY IT! ), but after I heard it again and then sampled Amazon.com's snippets, I just had to check this one out.  Needless to say, this two-year old CD provides more inspiration and sheer power in the first song than most American rock songs have in the past seven years put together.  &quot;Worms&quot;, lyrically and sonically, proves to be a timely lesson in where music should be headed, if only the record industry and fans allow it to. &quot;Liberation Frequency&quot; jazzily strings you along and then out of nowhere a sledgehammer riff crushes your unsuspecting eardrums. Experimental nuances with techno, weird time sigs, thrash, strings and hardcore abound, &quot;The Shape of Punk&quot; unleashes a heavy blast on unsuspecting ears; sounds that have been shaped and constructed into breathing beasts of songs, and vocals that evoke passion not heard since the early 90's.  These guys should have NEVER disbanded, because who knows where their talent for sculpting great hard songs would have taken them . . .
0792837614|5.0|There's not too much point in my writing a review of this movie, since everyone already knows it's great.  But perhaps I have a slightly different slant on it, because I hate - and I mean, I absolutely HATE - musicals.  I  would have walked out of the Academy Award-winning &quot;Oliver&quot; if I  hadn't promised my wife I'd sit through the entire thing.<br />Probably my  primary reason for hating musicals is that the music is always so out of  character with the scenes and characterizations.  If a movie is good, then  the viewer experiences a temporary suspension of reality, in which he  projects himself into the world of the movie, with all of its characters  and moods.  The effect of most songs in a musical is to jar that mood away  and to destroy that illusion.  For example, in &quot;Oliver&quot; a bunch  of street urchins in Victorian England suddenly stop what they're doing and  start dancing up and down the street singing, &quot;Consider Yourself At  Home&quot;.  The scene is ridiculous on its face, and the viewer can never  take those street urchins seriously again.  For me this one difficulty  destroys any chance I have of liking or even respecting almost any  musical.<br />But &quot;West Side Story&quot; is a shining and spectacular  exception to the rule.  Not only is the story a beautiful one (after all,  you can't improve on Shakespeare), not only are the actors and actresses  uniformly superb, but the music is so well integrated into the plot and the  characterizations that it almost never becomes the jarring influence that  it is in so many other films.  When Tony sings &quot;I've just met a girl  named Maria&quot;, when Maria sings, &quot;I Feel Pretty&quot;, when all of  the groups of characters sing &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; in anticipation  of the fateful evening - all of these are circumstances in which a real  person would FEEL like singing.  Instead of stopping the action dead in its  tracks, the songs move things forward.  Instead of rendering the  personalities of the characters less believable, these songs reinforce the  characterizations.<br />Even as stand-alone pieces of music, the  Bernstein-Sondheim score puts its competitors to shame.  Has any song ever  packed more social commentary into a believable and entertaining production  piece than &quot;Officer Krupke&quot;?  Has there ever been a better  wedding song than &quot;One Hand, One Heart&quot;?  What song has ever  expressed more effectively and fervently the desire of two lovers for a  better world and a better life than &quot;There's A Place For Us&quot;?<br />I  hate to use a cliche, but:  It doesn't get any better than this.
0792842731|1.0|&quot;Tomorrow Never Dies&quot; is the absolute lowpoint of the Bond series.  A moronic &quot;plot,&quot; half-baked action sequences and characters that serve no purpose, this is vastly worse than even &quot;A  View to a Kill,&quot; &quot;Moonraker&quot; or &quot;Man With the Golden  Gun.&quot;  This film should never have been made.  Brosnan is the weakest  of the Bonds, and his entire point in making these movies seems to be  having an opportunity to strike poses for two hours.  The sets and  direction of this movie make it seem like it isn't even taking place on  Earth; there should be at least SOME semblence of reality, even in a James  Bond movie.  However, there is none here.  A waste.
0671042858|4.0|It is a good book but certainly not &quot;hot horror&quot; as categorized above.Unfortunately, I fear there will be people who choose not to read this book as a result of its headline here.As avid King readers know, some  of his books simply do not fit the stereotype that exists in many minds.  This is one of those books.
0767802659|5.0|sensational.<br />combination of sci-fi, adrenaline-producing action and subtle, social-commentary based satire.<br />in the future, three veryvery  beautiful highschool friends (well, not counting doogie howser) graduate  and join the armed forces to save earth from big killer bugs.<br />silly-sounding premise, but the skill of this film is turning a silly  premise into a serious story - which is then given a slightly cynical,  satirical overtone. clever film. high quality script, plot, acting, sound,  sets, everything. stunning special effects. denise richards.<br />some people  won't get the tongue-in-cheek aspect, but for me the ghastly (albeit  realistic) propaganda-based humour is intelligent icing on a wild ride  cake.<br />intelligent wild ride. &quot;Do you want to know more?&quot;
B00000J7J4|5.0|I loved the CD. What impressed me the most was the way Satana worked his magic with so many different new artists.
0375703764|3.0|This is an excellent horror tale with a big, fat load of window dressing (mostly contained in bloated footnotes and appendices). If you don't have a month of your life to devote to it, just read the main narrative (Zampopo's  diary), skip the rest, and leave yourself some free time to go outside and  exercise.
0805062971|5.0|For those who've seen the film, and especially for those who haven't, Fight Club is a terrifically told story in only 200 pages.  Fight Club is such a complex story which, surprisingly, isn't all about fighting.  It  would be useless, as other reviewers have tried to before me, to try to  explain the story.  But the story does raise questions about American life,  especially frustrations of men coping with constrained masculinity  (..constraints imposed by society).<br />The novel deviates from the film  (..actually, vica-versa).  The novel is tighter, with the stunning  revelation of the main characters towards the end of the story being  smoothly explained in the novel but comes off jarring in the film.<br />It's a  shame the film did not reflect the novel exactly since it would have made  the film more successful.  The novel has both the leading characters,  portrayed in the film by Brad Pitt and Edward Norton, meeting initially on  a nude beach.  Surely such a scene would helped at the box office. :-)<br />I  believe Fight Club will become a classic, along the lines of A Clockwork  Orange.  I am looking forward to reading other works by Palahniuk.
B00000J2PH|1.0|While the reviewer below comes across as spiteful and, well, a bit sozzled, I do believe he's on the right track. Only a voice like Aretha's can hope to redeem songs like these, and even that promises to be an iffy  affair at best. Taken up as hippy anthems by far too many causes and  bandwagons to name here, Tapestry certainly worked its way into the  American consciousness and the so-called &quot;Classic&quot; Rock pantheon,  but is that all it takes to guarantee the cultural &quot;worth&quot; of a  thing? Voices from the TV, the radio and now the Internet are constantly  duping us into placing &quot;worth&quot; on things which are by nature  valueless. Over the decades we've been duped time and time again into  &quot;liking&quot; and accepting (with hardly a question) such talented  nincompoops as The Eagles, Daryl Hall &amp; John Oates, Eminem, Harry  Chapin, Jim Croce, Lisa Lisa, Celine Dion, Shania Twain, Jim Morrison,  Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer, Amy Grant, Alanis Morisette, Joan Baez, and on  and on and on. And Carole King fits easily into their company.<br />That  people claim to &quot;like&quot; these &quot;artists&quot; does not  validate that any of them have talent. People, Americans especially, do not  know how to think for themselves. They are never taught to as children,  filling that crucial time in their lives instead with deplorable  &quot;education&quot; and templated media; by the time they discover that  thinking-for-oneself is an option, they can do no more than fill their  heads with prepackaged &quot;being your own person&quot; self-help hogwash  which simulates thinking-for-oneself without ever requiring one to actually  do anything (like think, for instance) -- taste, culture and identity in  the current America constitute a grand, overwhelming illusion on par with  &quot;The Matrix&quot;.<br />Tapestry's not awful, not a crime or anything;  it's not much of anything at all, neither particularly good nor  compellingly bad. Listening to it is like listening to one of those  imperturbably chatty, can't-get-a-word-in-edgewise persons one seems doomed  to encounter at least one of at every party. I don't know what you do, but  I've learned to excuse myself the first chance I get -- not without a  dollop of pity for the poor soul, but with an adult's understanding that  life is full of pain, and at those moments when you are able to minimize  it, you'd best take the opportunity to do so.is like listening to one of those  imperturbably chatty, can't-get-a-word-in-edgewise persons one seems doomed  to encounter at least one of at every party. I don't know what you do, but  I've learned to excuse myself the first chance I get -- not without a  dollop of pity for the poor soul, but with an adult's understanding that  life is full of pain, and at those moments when you are able to minimize  it, you'd best take the opportunity to do so.
B00004SCX6|2.0|Britney's songs have nice up-lifting beats. But if you listen to all the songs, you would think they are pretty much the same. With her half moaning, half groaning at the beginning and few seconds of silence in the  middle toward the end.  Miss Spears should work with a variety of creative  song writers who can provide her different styles of songs! Not just these  pop junks that have little insights into real life.
B000000P11|5.0|Strange times is simply a brilliant album i would rank it among classics like sgt pepper easily its the brilliance of the guitar work and the meticulous attention to structure and melody that first strikes you.Every  song is a gem from the strident intro of mad jack and the delicate acoustic  melody of tears and the highlight for me personally the god like  proportions of soul in isolation this has classic written all over it even  the cover art is brilliant this should have made the chameleons huge up  there with the best but sadly it wasnt to be and they split shortly after,i  cannot recommend this album enough i urge you to buy it now you will not  regret it sheer brilliance.
6303589162|3.0|Yes, Pino Donaggio's lush, wicked score is worth the price ofadmission, and DePalma does pull some great technical punches in twokey sequences ladled with Donaggio's strings and synthesizers.  The Frankie Goes to Hollywood porno shoot is fun and ingenious.  But does it all add up?  Almost, but not really. The climax is contrived and implausible.  DePalma does provides some comic glimpses into the backside of show biz - high and low - that will be appreciated by veterans or current employees.  Nevertheless, the film, thematically, is all over the place, and never as concise as Hitchcock, and it is - in the end - Pino Donaggio's fine score that holds it all in place.
B000002KBH|5.0|This albums shows everything that the Grateful Dead are capable of: blues, rock, pyschadelic, folk, and excellent songwriting. Every cut is a jewel, though it does not show off the &quot;true&quot; Grateful Dead as on Live  Dead, Aomoxomoa, and Workingman's Dead. Nonetheless, it is a must-have for  everyone who has any appeciation for classic rock.
0764009842|3.0|PBS should not get into making re-makes of fine productions (if I'm not mistaken, previously done on Masterpiece Theater).  While a reasonably good movie, not nearly as good as the one a couple of years ago, which I would  like to purchase.  Much was left out which made the Dickens story so very  complex.  I guess the &quot;dumbing down of modern times&quot; continues,  but pick on modern stories, then, rather than make people think this was  the story that Dickens wrote.  But -- still -- not nearly as bad as the  recent &quot;Woman in White&quot; remake.
0800141660|5.0|I have Sense and Sensibility on DVD. This is one of my absolute favorite movies. I've seen it many times. I love it! It may be a &quot;chick flick&quot;, but my husband has seen it and liked it quite a bit. I think  it's hysterical when Sir John and his mother-in-law (her name escapes me  for some reason) ask Elinor to play the pianoforte after Marianne has  finished. &quot;And I believe I know what key you'll be playing in. F  major.&quot; I laugh out loud everytime. And poor Marianne. Truly  heartbreaking. But in the end, it turns out the way it should. I don't want  to give away too much to those who may not have seen it yet, but I was so  glad it turned out the way it did for Marianne and...well, you'll just have  to see it! And what beautiful scenery. A truly wonderful film.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I think that Britney is a great singer and that the album was exceptional also i think that any person would enjoy it, all of the songs were motivating and you can dance to them. No wonder millions of people buy her  c.ds and go to her concerts all the time, she is so cool!
B00000IMCU|4.0|In one word: a classic. &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot; is the heart of George A Romero's zombie trilogy that started of with &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot; ten years before and ended with &quot;Day of the  Dead&quot; in 1985. Forget all the other zombie movies made by some Italian  B-picture amateur - here come the genuine undead! The story and suspense of  Romero's film are extraordinary: four people flee from the marauding zombie  hordes into a giant shopping mall, establish a refuge for themselves and  hunt the undead down to find themselves in every consumer's dream:  everything they want and/or need for free! &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot; is  not only a incredibly good horror flick but also a clever satire on our  greedy society. Never again has another director achieved the same effect.
B000002JSV|5.0|hey all u ac/dc fans!  if u do not own this 1978 release, u need 2 take agood listen. this is one of the best albums they ever did. why u ask? i think ed van halen listened to this album and got a little of his guitar  savvy from angus. you might have to listen a few times, but i know u will  make this album one of your favorites. get it asap.     thx,james,a 50 year  old ac/dc true fan.
B00004U2GH|5.0|Even without the bonus material, this album stands as one of those artist-defining albums that sets the standard for everything that comes after and makes myth of whatever came before. This is Johnny Cash at some  strange peak, one of several that he'd hit throughout his endless  career.<br />This is not just Johnny Cash playing music for prisoners, this is  Johnny Cash as the very voice and conscience of the prisoners. He sings  songs about prisons, murder, redemption and his conversation in between is  not so much artist to audience, but the talk of friends. The best moment of  this album, however, is Cash's performance of &quot;San Quentin&quot; not  once, but twice. The song is a condemnation of San Quentin and prisons, of  the the ineffectiveness of the system. The prisoners are captive, and they  explode with every new line that summarizes all the hatred and rage they've  felt trapped behind the walls of San Quentin. Cash connects in such a way  that there is no longer any line between him and the prisoners, they're all  in it together, and they all want justice.<br />Maybe I'm making too much out  of an ordinary album? Maybe it's not as important as I'm making it out to  be. True, it's MORE important. <br />And thankfully, San Quentin has received  the same treatment as the recent re-release of 'Live at Folsom Prison' and  is now restored to its original grandeur, complete with swearing and all  the songs cut out to fit on an LP. The more you get of this, the better it  gets....they've made a 30 year old album seem completely brand new and  they've made a fan happy.<br />If you're one of those who answers the question  of what you listen to with &quot;Everything but country,&quot; this album  will make you rethink that stance. If you like rock and roll, if you like  the blues, if you just like attitude, pick it up. I swear, you won't be  disappointed.
B00000INEX|2.0|I was disappointed in this video. It really pales in comparison to their Baby Mozart video, which is very good.  Given that this video was produced  after Mozart, I expected improved production values.  Instead, they were  worse!  This video isn't terrible, but maybe was just rushed to market to  capitalize on the enthusiasm for their Mozart video.  As others have noted,  the frequent shots of the producers' daughters are just too much. However,  the Baby Mozart video is better and worth purchasing.
0345403959|1.0|You liked the Belgariad and the Malloreon? Keep it this way. Belgarath the Sorcerer will reveal nothing new despite going a way back into the future. At least nothing you wouldn't expect. I also don't recommend this book as a  starter to fiction reading. I believe only desperate readers continue with  Belgarath, Polgara or the Rivan Codex.
B00003CWLE|2.0|This is the fifth incarnation of this story (three have been produced within the last few years - the first two being truly dreadful animated films) and for the life of me I can't understand why film makers think this  story so fascinating they have to cram endless versions into our gullets.    Of the three live action versions this is the least satisfying.  There is  no tension between our protagonists - they get along famously from the  start.   We are subjected to two and a half hours of boredom amid lush  photography and deservedly Academy Award nominated Art Direction and  Costume Design.  This is one where you go out humming the sets.   Stick  with the original Dunne/Harrison version of the classic R&amp;H version  with Kerr/Brynner.
6302759110|4.0|More literal and filled with a lot more coherent dialogue than all the other 'Dracula' films, very stylish with gothic imagery and ghoulish atmosphere. But unfortunately that takes away some of the impact on the  novel. The good thing is that this one decided to concentrate more on The  Count's love for Mina and less on horror or gore, even though there's  plenty of that too. An all star cast bring all these familiar characters to  life. Gary Oldman delivers a truly seductive performance, very impressive,  his performance is one of the main things that make this one work even  though his accent gets a little out of hand. Winona Ryder is also  impressive as Mina, Dracula's love interest throughout the ages, and she  delivers a great performance even though she fumbles a bit on the more  intense scenes. Anthony Hopkins plays it way over the top but I don't  consider that to be a mistake, he is the most memorable version of 'Van  Helsing' I have yet seen. Keanu Reeves is the biggest flaw in the casting,  he was simply miscast and he never could master any accent. It takes the  liberty of breaking one of the 'Dracula rules' which is the one that says  that 'Dracula cannot walk around by day' and changes it to 'his powers are  a lot weaker by day'. I was also amused by the dialogue between Oldman and  Reeves when they first meet, they quote the original Lugosi 'Dracula' with  lines such as 'I vid you welcome', 'Children of the night, what music they  make' and 'I never drink... wine'. While it does have it's dose of scares  and plenty of gore and blood it is also romantic with some truly impressive  scenes with remarkable acting. Also with eye-catching sets and costumes.  Inspired direction by Coppola almost all the way through, the pace lags at  times and the final action sequence with the carts is a bit tough to  follow. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 7!
0783241399|3.0|Although based on facts, this is a re run of the old film plot line from THE LIFE OF EMILE ZOLA.  Wrongly racially/ethnically imprisoned man is freed by efforts of those on the outside fighting a large corrupt political  machine.   Denzel is effective but not worthy of his Oscar nom.   The real  value of this film is the message geared towards the younger audience  members in promoting the value of being able to read and write and thus  communicate thoughts and feelings for the ultimate purpose of righting  wrong and doing good.    The film is vastly overlong at two and a half  hours although it's entertaining.  It proves there are no new stories under  the sun and no new plot lines in Hollywood.
0848801571|5.0|I have read as many of Arthur C. Clarke's books as I can get my hands on and this book has stood out to be one of his best works. The ending is totally unexpected and fascinating.  In my library of all time greats this  book would be a definate occupant of the shelves.
6305627347|4.0|This is extremely clever and very funny.  It contains an original song score that should have earned an Oscar nomination - instead it had to settle for a Best Song nom.   The satire is outrageous and right on.  Not  for children - the animation is truly bad - but one of the most original  adult satires to hit the screen since DR. STRANGELOVE.    Not for everyone  but it definitely hits its mark.   Highly recommended.
0380973839|5.0|I'm frankly surprised this magnificent collection of short-stories isn't rated higher.  This is a can't miss book.
6305627401|5.0|Of course, by now, every teen and 20some has heard of the COmedy Central cartoon &quot;South Park.&quot; Some thought it couldn't get any funnier. WRONG!  The full-length feature, &quot;South Park: Bigger, Longer and  Uncut,&quot; is the funniest piece of cartoon comedy ever conceived.  Nothing but toilet humor here, with excruciating amounts of profanity and  violence, yet all of this works to be one of the funniest films of 1999.  All fans of the show, the movie makes it even better. Get it now!
B00004TDTO|5.0|Very happy with my purchase. I have an old copy of the VHS version and forgot how brilliant the cinematography was until I played the newley mastered DVD verson. Great color, sharp images and wonderful sound! This a  must have for any serious collector...
6305313687|5.0|A very brutal and terrifyingly emotional piece, &quot;American History X&quot; takes many cult and gang issues and packs it all into a gorgeous film. Edward Norton stars as Derek Vinyard, a man who has been in jail for  three years for murdering two black men. Upon his return to his family's  new apartment, the viewers learn of Derek's past involvement with the  largely-populated white supremacist gang in California. It is also made  clear that he wishes to escape his past life, to break free from the gang  that considers him to be &quot;a god.&quot; As he begins meeting his old  friends again, he discovers that his younger brother has become involved in  the gang, and throughout the movie, black-and-white flashbacks are used as  Derek's thoughts and stories used in order to convince his brother to leave  the gang before he gets himself in too deep. The film is totally violent  and utterly graphic, leaving none of the brutal aspects of the gang's  nature to the imagination. Norton and Edward Furlong, who plays the  brother, give excellent performances that add nothing but integrity and  believability to the film. While being graphic in nature, the film is a  breathtaking view of what life is like in gangs and cults, and the  life-long consequences that accompany them.
6301008944|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite movies! I think it is very funny and entertaining, despite what the critics say. I guess they don't know a good movie when they see one!
B00004RF83|5.0|&quot;Seven Days in May&quot; is a gripping political drama surrounding efforts of an American President to eliminate stockpiles of nuclear weapons in the midst of the cold war.  He is opposed by a demagogic army general  (B. Lancaster), whose chief of staff is a marine colonel (K.  Douglas).<br />Tactile suspense develops as clues about behind the scenes  military activities pop up here and there that lead one to guess that plans  are in effect that could undermine the basic principles of self-government  upon which the US Constitution is based.  <br />Tensions of the cold war years  are presented and preserved in this film, filmed and presented in black and  white.  As you watch this film you will notice that the special effects are  not what they are today (there are few of them, anyway), since the center  of this movie is philosophical rather than a visceral viewing experience.   And that's fine...you will, regardless, find yourself drawn into the story  as the plans of the primary protagonist (the president), and his antagonist  (the army general) face off.  <br />This is top-notch drama.  The most  important figure in the film is Douglas, who is caught between loyalty to  his superior officer and his loyalty to the constitution and to his  country.  This film explores gray areas...come along for the ride.  <br />This  is the sort of film that makes you wonder if this kind of event may  actually have taken place.<br />While this film is excellent, it may not be  for everyone.  If you are someone who must have non-stop action, explosions  (a la &quot;The Terminator&quot; etc.), then this film is NOT for you.  If  you are a thoughtful viewer though, you will thoroughly enjoy this gripping  film.<br />5 stars all the way for the story, character development, acting,  and dramatic suspense.<br />Don't miss this film!<br />Alan Holyoak
068818071X|4.0|Fun to read about another member of the &quot;Watermelon&quot; family, and definitely worth reading, but this is not quite as good as that book. This one is set partly in New York, where Rachel -- Claire's sister --  self-destructs, and partly in a Betty Ford-type rehab center in Ireland.  Now I'm waiting for more books about the rest of the family!
B0000025DT|5.0|In 1976 ELO finally achieved global superstardom with the huge-selling &quot;A New World Record&quot; album. It is this record (along with the very good '75 effort, &quot;Face The Music&quot;) that marks Jeff Lynne's  creative apex. Lots of ELO fans will argue until they are red in the face  that Lynne's '77 &quot;Out Of The Blue&quot; double album was the band's  finest moment, but I think that this CD beats its overlong and sometimes  self-indulgent successor hands down. It is a relatively short album (a  touch over 36 mins) but it is packed with quality : the first three songs  are the best opening tracks on any ELO album, two of them becoming hit  singles (&quot;Telephone Line&quot; and the supremely silly, if highly  enjoyable, &quot;Rockaria!&quot;). &quot;So Fine&quot; and &quot;Living  Thing&quot; also became AM radio staples in the mid-70's, and a rockin'  version of &quot;Do Ya&quot; makes yer speakers shake later on in the  album. &quot;A New World Record&quot; for me is the perfect example of  Lynne's vision : combining rock and classical instruments to grand effect.  And here he succeeds splendidly. Ironically, despite huge sales and massive  popularity, ELO continued to be reviled and ridiculed by the critics in the  music press and indeed the whole punk movement would hove into view a year  later determined to destroy the &quot;pretentious dinosaurs of rock&quot;  forever... but 25 years later are people still listening to the snotty  screaming of the likes of Sham 69? I think not. Just ask anyone in  Milwaukee (see above). Well done Jeff : we salute you.
006016848X|3.0|The title of the books just about sums it all up. Men and women are different. Some of the concepts explained are useful but overall the book is a little shallow on the &quot;how-to's&quot; of relating with the  opposite sex. An excellent book my girlfriend bought me is THE ROMANTIC'S  GUIDE. I guess it was a big hint from her.
6305878323|5.0|It's said that when Pamela Travers, the creator of Mary Poppins, was asked what she thought of this movie, she said something like, &quot;Oo-ooo-h, I shall be very silent.&quot;  It's quite true that the Mary Poppins books  and the movie are very different. For one, the Mary Poppins of the books is  much more prim and prissy and proper than the Poppins played by Julie  Andrews in the movie. There are four children in the first book (Jane,  Michael, John and Barbara) and a fifth (Annabel) comes along in the next  book. Some of the books also read more like a series of incidents than a  tightly-knit story. The movie tells a definite story: of how a father who  is estranged from his children gets re-united with them through all the  strange and wonderful things that occur when the perfect nanny with magical  powers literally blows into their house with the east wind.  Some incidents  from the books that are portrayed as written, others changed to suit the  movie.  When the movie deviates greatly from the book it is based on, I  haved liked the books far more than the movie. &quot;Mary Poppins&quot; is  the exception, where I feel the books and the movie have their own (and  very different) charm. Julie Andrews is terrific, the setting of Edwardian  London great, the songs are fabulous, and this is a movie to be treasured  and seen over and over again down the years.
0679720200|5.0|This is one of the better works of existentialist fictions, as Camus illustrates the absurdity and senselessness that we meet in life without shoving overblown philosophical tenets in the reader's face.  With deft  subtlety and conciseness, Camus manages to say so much in 100 pages, and  from a literary standpoint, is much more enjoyable than Sartre's  &quot;Nausea.&quot;  I highly recommend this book.
B000002H6C|3.0|This album is very very different from any other Metallica album.  It stands out in a category all its own.  It is fast, it is heavy, and very very metallic.  This album, along with the Black album and Kill 'Em All,  sound like no other album Metallica has ever recorded.  This album is not  bad, but it isn't good either.  I appreciate that the four horsemen pay  tribute to Cliff with &quot;To Live Is To Die,&quot; but I just don't like  it.  Highlights on this album: Frayed Ends, Harvester of Sorrow, the title  track, Blackened, and Dyers Eve.  Lowlights: To Live Is To Die, Eye of the  Beholder, and Shortest Straw.  I left &quot;One&quot; out of those  categories because it is not good, it is fantastic.  It's even better than  that.  This is one of, if not the greatest song that Metallica or any band  has recorded.  &quot;One&quot; stands out all on its own.  If you hate  metal, buy this album anyway.  If you absolutely love metal/rock, you  already have this album.  This album is so different from any other  Metallica album that it is indescribable.  All I can say is that three  songs on it are not appealing to my ear, five are great, and  &quot;One&quot; is absolutely spectacular.
6303942830|5.0|This movie is very moving.  I enjoyed the plot and the music that accompanied the movie.  The end is fabulous and gives me chills every time I watch it.  It is rated R for violence more than anything (only one curse  word was in the whole thing!) and is definately worth the money because  you're getting a classic!
068818071X|5.0|There is a reason Marian Keyes is one of my favorite authors.  I think I read this book nearly two years ago.  I was first introduced to Marian Keyes when my husband bought me Watermelon. When I finished it I knew I  needed to have more!  That began my search for her books.  That is when I  found Amazon.co.uk.  I ordered everything she had written and pre-ordered  one of her books that wasn't published yet.  All of the books were well  worth the extra cost to ship overseas and well worth purchasing from the  UK.  Rachel's holiday became my favorite.  Which was amazing because I  swore that I couldn't find a more entertaining book than Watermelon.   <br />Rachel's Holiday is a wonderfully entertaining book about Rachel, the  sister of Watermelon's heroine Claire.  Rachel is addicted to drugs and  alcohol and nearly ruins her life although she thinks there isn't anything  wrong.  She looks at rehab as a &quot;holiday&quot;, she could use a  vacation anyway, and she might get to see some celebrities while she is  there.  This isn't your typical book about a 20-something hitting rock  bottom and having to pick up the pieces of the life she has ruined.  The  story is so witty and so funny that I laughed out loud but it is much more  than that.  I really fell in love with this book and the author.  I wait  for her books the way kids wait for Harry Potter!  <br />Buy this book and you  won't be disappointed.  Better yet buy all of Marian Keyes' books.
0671027344|5.0|This book is different from other books targeted at teens because it is totally honest and doesn't have stereotypes.<br />The main character is difinetly a wallflower at first, but he kind of comes out of his shell  after making some friends.  This book isn't like a book where there is a  definite beginning, middle, and end.  It really is like a diary of  someone's year in high school.  What I like best is how the author doesn't  try to make being a teen particularly glamorous.  He also doesn't give the  characters dumb problems like &quot;Oh my God, I have a zit!&quot; sort of  thing.<br />I think many kids will be able to connect to at least one  character in this book.
6305358567|5.0|After two very inappropriate previews which show how little thought is put into the studios' treatment of video releases, the story of Elizabeth starts on the ominous note of Protestant heretics being burned at the  stake. I figured we were in for some rough sledding with this one!  <br />Yes,  the film is packed with sex and violence, treachery, intrigue, betrayal,  more sex and more violence. Surprisingly, however, this kind of treatment  is necessary to portray the raw energy and brutal circumstances of the  time, and does not really seem gratuitous. I'm sure the historians will  pout about the facts involved, but there is a mood presented here that if  anywhere near accurate is far more telling than who really said  what.<br />Elizabeth, lucky to live long enough to come to power, inherits an  England that is bankrupt, surrounded by enemies, and under extreme internal  religious strain.  She has to grow up in a hurry, and begins taking  seriously the threats that are being lodged against her (getting pinned to  the couch by a couple of long-bowmen's arrows will do the trick every  time). <br />I found the most fascinating element of the film the relationship  between Elizabeth and her guardian/mentor, Sir Francis Walsingham.  His  gentle demeanor as her advisor disguises an almost maniacal willingness to  do &quot;whatever it takes&quot; to protect her interests.  Elizabeth's   childlike demeanor is a wonderful foil to his worldly-wise  savvy.<br />Elizabeth, having once dispatched all of &quot;England's  Enemies&quot; (read: Elizabeth's Enemies) with the help of her supporters,  is left somewhat adrift.  Walsingham convinces her that the common people  need an icon to worship, so she transforms herself into a sort of living  alabaster Virgin Mary, symbolically marrying herself to the state of  England.  I found that one of the highpoints of the film was actually  reading the afternotes stating that she ruled another 40 years, ushering in  one of England's golden eras, being continuously served by the wise and  faithful counsel of Sir Francis.
B000020617|5.0|After the colour and the shape, i was so psyched when i heard Dave Taylor and Nate were taking a shot at it as a 3-peice, but like many others have said, i was disappointed when i spun it the first few times. But on the 3rd  or 4th spin i found myself humming the songs at work and popping in the  album as soon as i got home. It is definitly the foos best effort yet and i  can't wait for another album. Every song on this album is great and it has  worked its way into my all-time favorites. Some highlights are Stacked  Actors, Generator, Live-in skin, Ain't it the Life, Headwires, MIA, and my  personal fav AURORA.
0345423496|5.0|I must admit that this is the first ACC book I've read, so I do not know how good his others are, but I found 3001 to be quite intriguing.  The characterization is a bit lacking, but the characters are not as important  here.  Remember that it is a series, and so ACC probably expected people to  start at the beginning, hence we would have known a bit about Frank Poole  before reading this installment.  This one is mostly about the future, and  how humanity might be in the year 3001.  ACC does provide a look at the  planet Jupiter that is extremely vivid, however science fiction-y it may  be.  The description of life on all of Jupiter's moons, like beneath the  icy surface of Io, is stunning.  This is a classic sci-fi book, ranking  with many of L. Ron Hubbard's works, which, however, are decidedly  different.  I've read 3001 twice, and I enjoyed it just as much each time.   One character, though, Dimitri, who is the first person we encounter, is  enjoyable and you get to like him pretty well.  It is quite unfortunate  what happens to him, and you really do start to miss him.  Even if you  haven't read any other part of the series, you should still read this  one--though I would suggest starting at the beginning.
6304935811|5.0|This is a superb film in every way. George C. Scott did more than act. He was Patton! Right down to the look, mannerisms and speech. This movie was drawn from the book by Ladislas Farago and is pretty accurate given the  timeframe of the movie. Patton was one of the most brilliant, eccentric,  and egotistical generals ever. He was a pure warrior and didn't seem to fit  in with the politcal aspects and complexities of the Allied alliance. A  devout historian, he was noted for using the same strategies used by past  military greats. The soldier slapping incident was a real tragedy in the  sense that how many more lives could've been saved had the Allies not  sidelined their best general and allowed him to run rampant to bring the  war to a quick end. Karl Malden does an excellent job as Omar Bradley and  is a fine compliment to Scott's Patton. This is one of the greatest movies  ever made, five stars does not do it justice.
B00000IO4I|1.0|I was lucky enough to see 'The Rise and Fall of Little Voice' on the West End stage a few years ago, and was so overwhelmed by the play that I was  eager to see the screen adaptation.  Imagine my disappointment and,  well...confusion!  Alison Steadman took the lead as Little Voice's mother  in the stage play, and gave what I believe to be a 'landmark' performance.   And the performance was so brilliant thanks to the ROLE being so complex;  throughout, the character of L.V's mother is absolutely TORTURED, swinging  from vile, obnoxious and over-bearing to vulnerable and pathetic.  At the  end of the stage play, we finally learn WHY she is so over-bearing and  aggressive; it is because her husband, Little Voice's dead father, was so  WEAK and INEFFECTUAL that she, the mother, had to take on the  responsibility for the whole family in a town which laughed at her husband  for his obsession with Judy Garland and the likes.  Your heart absolutely  BREAKS for her, and the whole 'idea' behind 'Little Voice' as a play about  two women struggling with their own psychosis caused by a dead man falls  into place and absolutely knocks you over!  Boy, did they 'dumb it down'  for the movie version!  The entire 'point' to the original story is  'missing'; the mother, played by Brenda Blethyn, is nothing more than an  over-played charicature of an obnoxious woman (so what! ) and I am tempted  to think that this is the fault of bad direction; Brenda Blethyn is a  marvellous character actress, and I was frankly surprised to see her giving  such an over-acted and one-dimensional performance.  The moving monologue  at the end of the stage play where the mother EXPLAINS why she has become  such an ogre has been totally cut from the movie, and so the 'resolution'  you're waiting for throughout the film never, ever happens. Jane Horrock  played 'Little Voice' on the West End as well as in the film version, and  although fine in the film, she was 'better' on the stage because their was  more 'meat' for her to grapple with in terms of her character's psychology.  In the film version, we're never quite sure what her 'problem' is, and  quite frankly, her 'silent psychosis' gets a little irritating! Michael  Caine's character of 'Ray Say' did not exist in the stage play (although I  believed he was referred to) and I was glad it was included in the film, as  he at LEAST was a three-dimensional character one could 'believe' in. So  what are we left with? The story of a girl who doesn't speak but can do  GREAT imitations of legendary singers who eventually breaks free of her  over-bearing mother to take up life with a telephone repair man.  There is  nothing MORE to the movie than THIS, and if their IS a deeper subtext, it  doesn't come through at all. The 'mistake' that was made in adapting this  play for the screen was in making it 'L.V's' story; on the stage, it was  her MOTHER'S story.  And in my own opinion, the story of a weak girl who  does a GREAT 'Judy Garland' isn't ENOUGH of a story to keep me interested -  especially as every scene goes on FOREVER!
B000002U82|5.0|The greatest musical achievment in recorded history. That's right. This is it. No one has ever come close since. The heart beat, the scream, laughter, and madness... it could only be Pink Floyd's Dark Side. For the handful of  people who haven't heard it lets take a look shall we.<br /><br />The album focuses  on the certain pressures a human encounters in his/her life. Time (Breathe,  Time), Stress (On The Run), Money (Money), Division (Us and Them, Any  Colour You Like, Death (Great Gig), and finally mental instability (Brain  Damage).<br /><br />Withtin each of these topics resides more metaphor and meaning,  which varies from listener to listener.<br /><br />The album has 3 instrumentals and  6 lyrical tracks. At the time of writing, lyricist/bassist Roger Water  states \\"I was 29 when finally realizing my life had already  begun\\" (Not exactly word for word, but same idea).<br /><br />As a band, the  Floyd were at their creative peak working as a group. They wrote and  composed music together, more than any other album since. If all you heard  of Dark Side is Money or Time on the radio please don't judge it according  to separate songs. You MUST listen to it strait through to get the emotion  and feel that Dark Side gives each listener.<br /><br />Pink Floyd have always been  underrated for their amount of emotion they put into their records, and  give to there audiences. Any true fan such as myself will tell you that  they are almost an institution, a religion, and a following. They have some  of the most dedicated fans around. Fans, that when they feel down and have  no hope, hold on and cherish this music that they listen to in darkend  rooms, all accross the world. It has nothing to do with drugs, it has to do  with magic. Magic that enable listeners to know every world, drum beat, and  guitar riff. That is what Dark Side is about. It was Pink Floyd's way of  connecting to those who would listen. And  alot of people have listened.  It's easy to identify with, after all it is about human life and what we  all experience everyday of our lives. That is why it is the greatest music  ever, because its about humanity, something all know a lttle about. Some  just pretend they don't.what we  all experience everyday of our lives. That is why it is the greatest music  ever, because its about humanity, something all know a lttle about. Some  just pretend they don't.
158234082X|3.0|I found this book to be interesting summer reading. The best chapters dealt with the necessary tools of the trade and the hints on when to eat out and what to order. I found that I couldn't put the book down for the  first half.  The last three chapters were the worst and I had to force  myself to finish. Very self-absorbing...more than I wanted to know about  Anthony Bourdain as a person. The writing style was very uneven throughout  the book...must be the after effects of all those years on drugs.  Overall....just okay.
B00003CWL6|5.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; is a flat out masterpiece, the film is great from every angle, acting, directing, music, editing, etc. Kevin Spacey's  performance stands out as the best of the bunch in this movie, the rest of  the cast gives great performances as well. This film is beautiful,  intoxicating, and mesmerizing. This film truly deserved it's Best Picture  award. This film is great that is all I can say.
B00000JCB2|1.0|please do not buy this album. it has no melody, no tune, nothing vaguely intelligent. this is dumb music for dumb people. buy only if you are a brain dead ape who needs something to take their mind off scratching their  arse. still, my brother says he'll pay me extra if i buy it so what the  hell?
0783225199|5.0|If the blues brothers were on a mission from God, then that mission must have been to make the best goddam 80's comedy the world has ever seen. &quot;Blues Brothers&quot; has all the qualities needed by a classic  comedy. Razor-sharp wit, slapstick, stupid yet lovable characters, action,  and ALOT of swearing.<br />Only the snobbiest of the snobs would not find this  movie hilarious. Who can resist &quot;Joliet&quot;Jake(Played by the late,  great, John Belushi) or Elwood Blues(The great Dan Akyroyd)?  <br />If you  havent seen this movie, see it as soon as possible. It is a highly  addictive movie, and even if you know the script off by heart(I do), I  garauntee that you find it absoloutley hilarious!
B000002JPA|2.0|Why this Band has got so much credit in the Hard Rock / Metal Press is a mystery to me. They were praised as musical genius, innovative and progressive and whatever the writer smoked on that day... Recently I picked  up this album.  Well... Innovation : Where? These guys are putting one  million riffs in one song, so everyone can see they studied music.  Innovation - go for Nirvana, Rage against the Machine or even Korn. They  developed music you can actually listen to without thinking &quot;OOHH you  can see they studied music&quot;. Musical Genius - NOWHERE! You have to be  a guitarist to understand them. As I can't play ( with the exeption of the  beginning from &quot;Nothing else Matters&quot; ), songs like Metropolis  bored me to death! What else... &quot;Another Day&quot;'s vocals are  terrible, the sax doesn't help. I think my main problem is that I am  unmoveable from my opinion that the fact that you can play doesn't mean you  write good songs. This Record is an emotionless demostration of the musical  ability of the Band. Sometimes they aren't bad when they try to write songs  ( Surrounded and Pull me under are highlights) but mostely I found myself  asleep or skipping tracks. If you give musicans credit for their ability to  play instruments, it's like giving politicans credit for their ability to  walk. Then this is a five-star record. If you are looking for musicans that  are able to write songs, then go where I told you above. Simple-minded scum  like me listens to those bands rather than to Dream Theater.  PS: Don't  make my Mistake and look at the Lyrics... they are what keeps me from  giving this record three stars!
6305232660|5.0|This movie was great. I loved the way they played it from a suppossed white house scandal to the possible end of all life on earth. It dealt with sensitive issues and dealt with them well. The acting was good and the  final effects were awesome, to say the least. Good casting and good  directing also added to this great movie.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Pet Sounds is the definitive pop album. It's response (Sgt. Pepper), although the best that Beatles could deliver, was filled with weak tracks with the exception of &quot;A Day in the Life&quot;.<br />In contrast, Pet  Sounds' offerings of &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot;, &quot;God Only  Knows&quot;, Caroline No&quot;, and &quot;Sloop John B&quot; broke through  the harmonic sound barrier as never before.  This album is a true classic  that goes beyond the simplistic cover art and little ditties in the Beatles  response.  5-STARS!
B00003Q43A|3.0|I wish they would have shown more structures being blown up. Like maybe the Kremlin and the Eifel tower. I feel like Will Smith overdid it a bit, and the acting was a bit blah, but it had enough drama and humor to back up  the great special effects and good plot.
B00004TDTO|4.0|Although I find this a very neatly packaged DVD, comprehensvie in its inclusion of the usual extras, I have to say that I am VERY suprised to find a scene that has still remained absent even on this Anniversary  Edition. The scene in question is where 'Hooper' inspects the remains of  the first victim. The audio and picture edit made here is just so bad. I  have seen this once before on a UK TV Broadcast back in 1983. However since  then I have never seen it on any UK sell through material. I don't wish to  sound sad, but I think it's a great pity on what is otherwise a great buy.
0783226004|5.0|This movie was great. The plot, the acting, the humor, all of it. Its pretty interesting what small peices of equipment can do. The only thing is, just like the liar liar cd, this cd wont play using compaq's dvd  program. I had to load the cinemaster program to view it, and of course it  was worth it.
B000009GS7|5.0|There are a number of great works by Jeff Beck over the years.  None are better than this.  I bought this as an album in 1969 and some year ago as a CD.  I am not buried in the past at all but this baby stands up to the test  of time.  I'll hold it up against any album for content, recording qaulity  and total honesty of emotion.
0812550757|4.0|Unlike Enders War or Enders Shadow, this is not a combat adventure; it is about remorse and redemption. It is about respect for differences so different that you find them abhorent. It is about accepting things as they  are and trying to make them better rather than giving up or feeling sorry  for yourself. While the &quot;Enders&quot; books are ripe for teens, this  book is for adults in that it is more thoughtful and more about preventing  wrongful action as opposed to taking aggressive action.
B0000041Z3|5.0|I cut my teeth on this set some 30 plus years ago, when first released by London Records in a nifty slipcase, and my affection and admiration for it have never dwindled. At its budget CD incarnation, I rejoiced in  disbelief, and with good reason. As an integral collection of the seven  Sibelius symphonies, this set simply has no equal in today's market. The penetrating and provoking  interpretations of Maazel, startling and consistently thrilling  performances by the VPO, and the absolutely incredible London  \\"sound,\\" made all the more immediate by CD transfer, simply make  this set elemental, essential and definitive. For little more  than the cost of one full-priced CD, you can own this visionary (nay,  legendary) set. You can span the years (and even the centuries, now) with  Sibelius and Maazel as your guides.<br /><br />[Running time:  CD 1:  69:00  CD 2:  69:42  CD 3:  73:17]
B00000JJQK|5.0|Brian started the ball rolling on record making with Pet Sounds.  Everyone knows how it influenced the Beatles and others so I wont say anymore about that aspect of it.  But its the best ever because it was all his creation,  his concept, his production, his lyrical ideas, his arrangements...you get  the idea.  Except for Dylan's 1997 Time Out Of Mind, I have never heard a  more emotional collection of songs that really express the heart and soul  of an artist.  I am only in my early 20's and obviously wasnt around when  it came out.  However, I recently saw the Pet Sounds album performed live  by Brian in Toronto, and I must say in that I now understand the message of  the album completely.  At that concert I felt the emotion that this album  conveys, in person, and ever since that night I am deeply affected by this  album when I lsiten to it.  For those of you younger fans like me, you MUST  see this album performed live; you will get the idea of how it must have  been to hear in 1966.  It was a magical evening that I will never forget.   As for the cd re-issue, I'm not too keen on the stereo remix, it is missing  quite a few vocals and does not stay true to the original version.  But do  as I do, skip the stereo tracks and listen to it in mono, the way it should  be.   Thanks Brian, for giving the world this album!
0671027344|5.0|A friend of mine recieved this book from someone who didn't know her very well in an attempt to enrich her life, noting the young aduld label upon it.  If this nameless giver had actually read this book she would have been  thouroghly shocked to realize that this was not just another coming of age  story about some girl who gets her period.  It is the story and the raw  truth of a boy, Charlie, growing up, struggling to be real, and taking you  with him.  This book is a collection of letters, written to an annoyomous  friend, which proves as the best tool into Charlie's every most thought.  His life seems so bleak and hopeless until he meets two people Sam and  Patrick, who happen to be seniors.  They introduce this freshman to  parties, drugs, and realtionships.  Or just how one song can be so  beautiful that you can sit and listen to the whole thing and truely feel  infinite.
B000002UAU|3.0|The age old debate, Pepper or Pet Sounds! Well, on the basis of the definition of the &quot;concept album&quot; Pet sounds has to emerge as the winner.  Pepper made some  for some interesting technical innovations, but  they basically were just extensions of what Brian Wilson started in 1965.   As far as the whole &quot;Sgt. Pepper and his band&quot; thing, it's even  as Lennon said; that aside from the opening 2 songs and the reprise, those  songs could have went anywhere and really had nothing to do with the idea  of the imaginary Sgt Pepper and his band.  I wholeheartedly agree.  Pet  Sounds stays true to its theme of love, loniness and alieation...Pepper  kind of rambles about everything.  Taken out of its time the album loses a  bit of its magic.  If it works for you, thats great.  For me, its a  collection of really good songs thrown between the 2 Sgt Pepper songs and  the fantastic cover art...and they called it a concept album.   The idea  worked because, again as Lennon said, because the Beatles said it did.     Pepper is great and deserves its reputaion (well, somewhat), but from the  angle of musical composition and production innovation, it really doesnt  hold a candle to Pet Sounds.  And for the record, I am a life long Beatles  fan.
0380002930|5.0|This book is great. I would read this book after you see the movie. There are a few things in the book that wasn't in the movie and very few things that was in the movie that isn't in the book. It's great. I also have Tales  of Watership Down which I haven't read. I also have the movie which is  great too. Even though some of the words are confusing but I like how that  there is a dictionary in the back of the book so you know what the words  mean. It's a great book and something always happens!
B00004T9UF|4.0|Ok, so he's suppressing alot of rage, but damn is this a good cd!  I have not bought a rap album since Public Enemy's &quot;Fear Of A Black Planet&quot; in the very early 90's.  This cd has restored some of my faith  in rap music as a credible music form.  He's not spewing out how rich he is  or how many cars or women he has, instead he just goes off on, well,  everything.  But,  Eminem uses his rage to create some very witty,  surprisingly intelligent and savage lyrics which will make you fall out of  your  seat (either from shock or from sheer laughter).   A bit rough around  the edges, true, but he pretty much offers a commentary on how things  really are, which we need more of in a somewhat phony society.  Good  stuff!
B000007MVL|3.0|Kate Bush's &quot;Lionheart&quot; is, in many ways, a disappointing follow-up to the brilliant &quot;The Kick Inside&quot;. Lionheart's song structures are not at all progressive of TKI's songs: many of them follow a  set formula and are somewhat predictable (as opposed to the innovative  TKI), the lyrics are embarassing, and the overall production seems rushed.  <br />However, this is not to say that this is a bad album.   &quot;Lionheart&quot; remains perhaps her most 'whimsical' album, with  songs about Peter Pan, poisoners, exotic arabs, showbiz, and a beautiful  homage to the fantastical England of childhood.  The cover, to me,  perfectly captures this whimsical strain of the album. <br />The point I am  making is that although &quot;Lionheart&quot; is a good album, it pales in  comparison to Kate's other albums, and seems the 'odd one out' in that it  doesn't seem evident of any progression in her undeniable talent as a  songwriter and musician. This progression isn't evident until &quot;The  Dreaming&quot; (although aspects of &quot;Never For Ever&quot; are an  exception).<br />Having said that, it should be pointed out that  &quot;Lionheart&quot; was written and recorded in two months (or so I am  told) at the instigation of her record company to capitalise on the success  of TKI. Bearing this in mind, &quot;Lionheart&quot; is a remarkable  achievement.<br />Standout tracks: &quot;Wow&quot;, &quot;Oh England My  Lionheart&quot; and &quot;Coffee Homeground&quot;.
0930289234|5.0|This book was thoughtful and reflects the major issues of its time.  Some of those issues have since gone away (who's afraid of the big bad nuke anymore?  Not the majority of Americans, so the polls say), but the book  still provides food for thought.<br />Watchmen came out a little after Batman:  The Dark Knight Returns.  Both are pioneers in a new genre -- the graphic  novel that targets adults.  Dark Knight, however, simply tells a story.  Watchmen went further.  Watchmen includes a tremendous amount of social  commentary packed in symbolism, while still telling a fantastic science  fiction story.<br />Yes, you can enjoy the story even if you have no idea what  the symbolism is for.<br />Yes, the drawing is extremely good.  Very  cinematic.  (Seen the &quot;making of&quot; feature on The Matrix DVD?  Remember the drawings of the scenes that the directors used to market the  movie to producers?  That's the cinematic style of comic drawing I'm  talking about.)<br />And yes, many then-current issues have since gone away.  The issue of vigilante prompted by Bernie Goetz is gone.  Most people don't  pay attention to arms control any more.  The novelty of an actor becoming  the President has worn off.  The Tower Commission Report's quote from the  Bible (&quot;Who watches the watchmen?&quot;) is featured in the overleaf;  who remembers the commission or its report?<br />None of this, however, takes  away from the fact that Watchmen is a masterpiece.
B000000WZ4|5.0|Ok, I have been sitting here reading some of the 3 stars and under reviews for the &quot;Ultra&quot; album.  This is what I have to say.  Depeche Mode really carries us all do different levels.  What touchs one may not touch  another.  <br />But L@@K they take us from:<br />&quot;Everything Counts&quot; to  &quot;Leave in silence&quot;<br />&quot;People are People&quot; to  &quot;Blasphemous rumors&quot;<br />&quot;Somebody&quot; to &quot;Master and  Servant&quot;<br />&quot;But not tonight&quot; (one of my fav's) to  &quot;Black celebration&quot;<br />&quot;STRIPPED&quot; to &quot;Fly on the  windscreen&quot;<br />&quot;Strange love&quot; to &quot;Never let me down  again&quot;<br />&quot;Enjoy the silence&quot; to &quot;Personal  Jesus&quot;<br />&quot;I feel you&quot; to &quot;One  Caress&quot;<br />&quot;Barrel of a gun&quot; to &quot;Home&quot;.  <br />I may  have gotten a little out of order, but if I am not mistaken that is a  pretty broad range of tunes, if you consider them for what they are.  Even  with what some call Depeche Mode's matured years they still have sweet and  sour in there later albums!  I say without a doubt they (DM) has touched my  life in so many positive ways.  Because I am on a roll...I will mention  that one of my favorite ranking songs by DM is &quot;Here is the  House&quot;!  My least favorite album is Music for the Masses.  My favorite  albums are Black Celebration, Songs of Faith and Devotion, A Broken Frame  (lol, yes I know it does not get high ratings) and 101 which is a  completely awesome LIVE album.  If you couldn't be at that concert it is  the second best thing.  I love songs from the Violater album but it would  not be my favorite as with many others.  You see DM hit the main stream  when Enjoy the Silence hit the charts.  As for me, I have been a fan  forever and then some.  My first album being Construction Time Again in 83.   I can honestly say I really love each and every album!  I will get off my  soap box now and hope this helps one of you make a desicion with weither or  not any album is right for you.
B0000026VZ|3.0|Hold The Line is My Jam here.I also dig Georgy Porgy.Rosanna is Okay.the Rest is Pretty Run Of The Mill to being to Polished.I Prefer The Group More as Studio Musicians&amp;Writters&amp;Producers of other Artists.A Great  Case&amp;Point Human Nature for Michael Jackson.nothing Here Touches that  but as Writters&amp;Producers they GIve the Goods For Others.when they hit  they hit.I Got the Tape for Two or Three Songs.
B000002MJC|5.0|I have been a DM fan for a bit over 17 years!  Pretty scary eh?  I have changed my appearance, taste in foods among other things in this lengthy amount of time.  I love everything from Elton John to DM.  I am not your  typical sterio type person.  I love all sorts of good stuff, and well hey  this is darn good stuff!  I really dont have anything negitive to say about  any album.  I enjoy each one as much as the next from the beginning.  I  literally own all of them and listen to all of them.  Now, with SOFAD they  used real instuments! Not all Dm fans like it but I did.  If there was ever  and album to use the real stuff in, this is by far it.  My favorite ablum  is Most Definately BLACK CELEBRATION!  That album rocks my core :)  SOFAD,  running a strong second, favorite songs, &quot;In your Room&quot;,  &quot;Rush&quot;, &quot;Higher Love&quot;, &quot;One Caress&quot;.  Ultra  took me a few listens to get used to, I said &quot;I am a DM fan and all be  god darned if there is one album I dont like&quot;.  My Passion in life is  animals and the second is my strong bond with DM music! These guys are  truely remarkable!  They reach me in places no one has, seriously.  When  all my friends thought I was crazy for listening to them, it did not bother  me at all.  Like I said its been since 1983 and well, most people (like my  friends) did not catch up with Depeche Mode until Violater.  Since I am  rambling and in part not even covering SOFAD, my least favorite album is  the Music for the Masses.  Like I said I Love them all but am entitled to  my prejudices!
6305308659|4.0|Originally I bought the DVD expecting a non existent story but interested in the special effects the film uses to mix colour with black and white.  However you can view this film in two ways.  It does have a simplistic far  fetched storyline, two 90's teenagers are transported back in time to  become stuck in Pleasantville, a 1950's show where it never rains, there is  no crime and most emotions are never explored and disasters never happen.  But scratch beneath the surface and you find a story of people scared of  what they don't understand and breeding violence through ignorance and mass  hysteria.   Jeff Daniels plays his character with the same brilliant  awkwardness as he did in &quot;terms of endearment&quot;and the film is  well acted with some very humorous scenarios, and is film is worth watching  over and over.  As with many DVD's if you have a multi region machine then  but a region 1 copy.
9681500830|5.0|El principito es una hermosa novela en la cual se nos muestran todas las facetas de los seres humanos atravez de todos los personajes que viven en los distitntos planetas. El principito como personaje representa la bondad,  la ingenuidad y la inocensia de los seres humanos.
6300184064|3.0|There's a lot to like and a lot not to like in this Monty Python cum<br />Citizen Kane Orwellian Kafkaesque Luddite comedic satire of a Rube<br />Goldberg bureaucracy in a retro-future.  Throw in a little sword and<br />sorcery, a remembrance of some bad video games from eighties, a bit of<br />Star Wars, perhaps the sci-fi novels Level 7 and We, sprinkled with<br />Hitlerian mustaches on underdeveloped characters and you get the<br />picture.<br />What's good is a script full of witty one-liners finding<br />the right target, the corporate and governmental bureaucracies, our<br />preoccupation with petty power in the pecking order, and our fear of<br />ageing (face lifts) or looking irregular (braces).  What's bad is that<br />Director Terry Gilliam never got it under control.  I'm reminded of<br />what Mark Twain said about his magnum opus, \\"Anyone attempting to<br />find a plot here will be shot.\\" The story is slight, lacking any<br />tension and the sets are dark and cluttered to a point past annoyance.<br />I would say the film needed editing for focus, but that would only<br />have spotlighted the poverty of the plot.<br />Here's the problem in a<br />nutshell: recall the line of billboards on both sides of the road mile<br />after mile without a break.  Now that's a nice satire of where we're<br />headed as corporate interests increasingly dominate the environment;<br />however like a Rube Goldberg contraption, they don't work since the<br />billboards are too close for anybody to read them as the cars fly by!<br />In a way the world depicted here is like a parallel universe in which<br />everything is essentially the same but differs in a thousand details:<br />the weird little cars, the ridiculous maze of ducts and cables for air<br />conditioning, the oversized bills on the baseball caps, the single<br />desk sliding between two cubicle rooms, etc.<br />We can see how Gilliam<br />has grown as a film maker by comparing this to 12 Monkeys, produced a<br />decade later.  In 12 Monkeys there is not only an interesting story<br />and a subplot, but the characters are developed into flesh and blood.<br />What I think Gilliam has realized is that no director, regardless of<br />how brilliant, can long survive without catering in some way to the<br />mass audience.  Although Brazil ranks in IMDb's top 250 that is only<br />because movie enthusiasts naturally reward creativity.  Poll the mass<br />audience however and you'll find a significant percentage that<br />couldn't even sit through this film.  Notice too that while Gilliam<br />wasted the talented Robert De Niro in Brazil he wised up and used star<br />Bruce Willis to the maximum in12 Monkeys.<br />It will be interesting to<br />see what Gilliam does next.. What I think Gilliam has realized is that no director, regardless of how brilliant, can long survive without catering in some way to the mass audience.  Although Brazil ranks in IMDb's top 250 that is only because movie enthusiasts naturally reward creativity.  Poll the mass audience however and you'll find a significant percentage that couldn't even sit through this film.  Notice too that while Gilliam wasted the talented Robert De Niro in Brazil he wised up and used star Bruce Willis to the maximum in12 Monkeys.<br />It will be interesting to see what Gilliam does next.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Human Clay is awesome.  The lyrics are just as emotional as My Own Prison but not as dark.  Fav songs are What If, Beautiful, With Arms Wide Open and Higher.  Scott Stapp has the best voice in music today.  Buy this if you  like 3 Doors Down or Caroline's Spine.  Highly recommended
B00000INEX|4.0|Baby Bach - the third installation in the Baby Einstein Company's series is almost as good as the original, Baby Mozart. My 7-month-old watches this  almost as intently as she does #1 - Baby Mozart... which is still much  better than other companies' video &quot;board-book&quot; or video  &quot;mobile&quot; products. <br />All in all, Ms. Aigner-Clark's innovation  is quite remarkable - stimulating music and visuals to distract and aid in  child development. I give all of my friends the Baby Einstein Library  (which includes the videos Baby Mozart, Baby Bach and Baby Einstein) for  shower and baby gifts - and I receive raving 'thank yous.' <br />These videos  can be life-savers when Mom or Dad need a couple of minutes of quiet to  themselves or to devote to other children. I am still surprised by shrieks  of delight from my daughter at some of the visuals. My four-star rating has  only yo do with my own lesser's opinion of this video's visuals and one  particularly annoying laugh-track AS COMPARED TO Baby Mozart (which I rate  at five-stars). My daughter would probably give them both five++.
0671034065|1.0|Judging by the other reveiws, I must have read a different book from everybody else.  I thought Mr. Perfect was trashy.  It was so superficial--I didn't care about the main characters at all.  It was really  very short, too.  Look at the size of the type. The quality of Linda  Howard's books seems uneven and I am not sure what style she is going for.   All the Queen's men was light on the romance, but at least I cared more  about the characters.  Mr. Perfect is heavy on sex--with lots of juevenile  humor--but none of the characters struck a positive chord with me.  Except  the cat. The cat I liked.
0804102988|5.0|This book, like other works by Mr. Ruthefurd, remind me of watching debris cast upon a beach by the surf. Characters traits, like physical idiosyncracies and mannerisms, manifest themselves in different ways over  10,000 years of the waves of political, socio-economic and religious  history. Yet, the matter of escaping (or not escaping) one's genetic  make-up and geneology is only one of the remarkable themes of this novel.  Stonehenge and the Salisbury Cathedral are durable touchstones contrasted  with the technological advancements such as the small pox vaccine, print  press, and sheep breeds and breeding practices, among many others that  serve as the impetus for civilization's evolution. The roots of religious  extremism as well as the transitions from hunters &amp; gatherers to  agriculture, to feudalism to the industrial revolution are all marvelously  portrayed through the microcosm of the Salisbury plain where the &quot;five  rivers meet.&quot; Not that the novel lacks in its human component -  individual, interpersonal relationships are also vividly described pulling  the reader along on an emotional level, balancing the intellecual delight  in the historical perspectives elaborated. The novel demands re-reading;  but even after the first, the result is a catharsis of self-centered,  time-biased perspectives held hostage to our socio-economic and national  environment. Truly a masterpiece, for those willing to invest their  emotional and intellectual energies in the 1000+ pages, political  machinations, and intricate geneologies of the novel's five families.
B00003W8NM|2.0|In FIGHT CLUB, the self-consciously \\"daring\\" adaptation of Chuck Palahniuk's excellent cult novel, men assemble and pound one another in dank basements; they spit blood and teeth and then return for more next  week. When this isn't enough for them, they wage war on our consumerist  culture with media-friendly, attention-getting pranks that escalate into  mass destruction. I bought all this in the book, because Palahniuk's  fevered first-person narration puts you inside the exhausted rage of  powerless young men who are sick of it all. A movie, however, can be a  delicate animal, and this one begins boldly and gradually dies.<br />What  happened? The screenplay, by first-timer Jim Uhls, is pretty loyal to the  novel; the Narrator, a nameless corporate drudge played by Edward Norton,  delivers many of the book's best lines in sarcastic voice-over. But -- and  here I must step very lightly in order to avoid major spoilers -- what  worked on the page, especially the credibility-stretching plot twist, comes  off labored on the screen. Readers of the book may sit there wondering how  director David Fincher (SE7EN) will sustain the illusion from scene to  scene. Newcomers, in turn, may wonder why many of the scenes are so  stilted, with characters entering and exiting as in a screwball play. And  when the surprise is sprung, nobody in the audience so much as  gasps.<br />Certain images, certain surrealistically funny bits of  business, occasionally made me think \\"I really must buy this on DVD,\\" which  is in hilarious counterpoint to the anti-consumerist message the movie is  selling. Reading the book, I wasn't thinking about DVDs. Palahniuk made you  ponder the lost masculinity of a generation, the ease with which a  charismatic brute like Tyler can assemble disgruntled men and unite them in  chaos. The book is a modern horror story about how populist fascism can  flourish here, and about why this is the perfect time for it. (The detail  of soap made of human fat is no accident.) The movie, unfortunately, is a  stylish blank, a countercultural advertisement just as slick as the ads it  claims to disdain. The last reel, which departs from the book and gives us  movie-ish thrills we've seen a hundred times before, is about as saddening  a commentary on Hollywood as any I've witnessed. What's even sadder is that  those involved with FIGHT CLUB think they've made something scathing and  radical, and that some viewers might agree with them.
B000021Y77|5.0|I'm going to keep this short and sweet: Run Lola, Run is one of the best movies I've ever seen!  No other movie combines plot, perfect casting,  action, soundtrack, and high energy with such perfection. Hell, even Lola's  blazing red hair's electric! Simple in premise yet full of originality(more  original than Being John Malkovich in my eyes), there is never a dull  moment in this picture, even when the action slows down. Don't worry, it's  all just an opportunity for you to catch your breath as the bass'll be  thumpin' again before you know it.  The immediacy of the threat faced by  Lola and Mannie keeps you engrossed by their every move. I found myself far  more interested in their characters in 30 minutes than I have been of three  hour long epics. The way I see it there is absolutely no reason for anybody  not to see this movie. For those scared off by the subtitles, don't be. I  guarantee after five minutes you'll have forgotten all about 'em.
B000002UJQ|5.0|That's what Michael Stipe said about them.  That should be enough to tell you how incredible this band is, but if not: just read the reviews here.  This--along with &quot;Automatic for the People,&quot;  &quot;Nevermind,&quot; and &quot;Up&quot;--is the album of the decade, and  will be long remembered.
0887309372|5.0|The best thing about this book is the short chapters: it isn't some unweildly volume that will gather dust on the shelf. It's a resource to re-visit, re-read and bring more fresh thoughts to mind. Whilst the 'laws'  are integrated, and you'll find references in some chapters to other 'laws'  in the book, you don't have to read it cover-to-cover every time you pick  it up. Having said that, you could do so in a spare afternoon! Worth  keeping close to hand.
B000001FAW|5.0|I first got this on vinyl back in 79 after seeing  them in concert. It has become my favorite collection of music from the brothers gibb. Subway reminds me so much of that concert and NYC it really brings great memories  back. Its a must have for any bee gees fan !
B00000I5Y6|2.0|There are three songs in the Kansas canon which are well-known to anyone who listened to a fair amount of American album-oriented radio during the '70's and '80's.  Two of these, Carry on Wayward Son and Dust in the Wind, are widely regarded as rock classics.  The third, Point of Know Return, has  not garnered quite the esteem (or airplay) of the other two, but  nevertheless remains a lively and melodic rocker that sounds as fresh today  as when it was written.<br />I think it's a safe bet that if you are thinking  of purchasing The Best of Kansas, it's because of one or more of the three  tracks I mentioned in the previous paragraph.  My own interest in Kansas  was sparked by seeing them perform these three songs live on their recent  tour with Yes; I arrived late, and these last three songs were the only  part of Kansas' set that I saw.  These alone were well worth the $ I later  paid for the Best Of cd, however I was disappointed to find nothing else  among the nine remaining tracks which I ever want to hear again.  Overall,  I found them to be an odd mix of forgettable '80's cheese (e.g. Fight Fire  With Fire, Play the Game Tonight), and bombastic, pointlessly intricate,  melodically starved '70's sludge (e.g. Song for America, The Pinnacle).   Imagine Styx trying to imitate Gentle Giant - if that's your cup of tea,  you may love this stuff.  As for myself, I'm left wondering how godawful  their run-of-the-mill album filler must be, if this is the cream of the  crop.
B00003Q43A|4.0|Even though this movie has all the flaws a script could have, including plot holes the size of Texas, unbelievable shortcuts and clichs abound, the overall result is both, technically and visually impressive. The image,  sound and fxs are top notch, not to say a landmark for sci fi movies.  Behind all the fireworks involved, you can take a glance at a commited and  masterful craftwork applied with obsessive detail. What's more, the b-movie  aesthetic brought to the final result shows us that the filmakers knew  their audience, did their homework and that they understood that these  flicks should aim for fun before anything, something that George Lucas  couldn't quite achieve in his flawed Phantom Menace. On the other hand, you  could argue some of the decision's taken, like Bill Pullman's miscasting as  President of the U.S. but, nevertheless, its a very entertaining movie.  But, above all, is because of this dvd special edition, which brings us so  many bonuses, that we feel so good about buying this stuff. All the extras  give added value to the original and help us understand and admire it.  Check out the alternative biplane ending, the &quot;making of...&quot; and  how the craftsmen explain how they built the sets and aliens. This may not  be art, yet, its a skillful treat. Buy it.
0679736646|5.0|Some PKD books are failures and some are not.  This is not.<br />The use of technologies and backgrounds keep you wide awake (interested) to read the first bit of the book.  There is one major twist from there.  After that  particular explosive twist (you'll know when) you're hooked.<br />The first  thing some of you may know is that &quot;Ubik&quot; is short for the latin  word that means &quot;everything&quot;.  You will encounter some major  twists and turns in the book that captivate you rather than confuse you.   The uses of the beginnings of each chapter are unique and innovative and  Joe Chip (from the major explosive twist onwards) is always hanging on the  edge, guaranteeing that you'll swallow it in one 4-hour gulp.<br />The use of  words make you want to read it again and again.<br />The elements just  mentioned here make it the best SF ever made.
052594527X|1.0|Our heroine attracts, &quot;the master's&quot; attention by her superior ability to clean his studio. Fifty pages later she summons enough nerve to criticize his artwork by rearranging a cloth.<br />This is one of those books  you keep reading because you think that sooner or later something's gonna  happen.<br />It never does.
B000001Y79|5.0|No Doubt's Tragic Kingdom is Da Bomb I advice anyone that's thinking about buying the album to go ahead you won't regret it!
B000005J56|5.0|If so, please listen to this CD, this is one of the best CD's I've ever heard in my entire life, have you ever feeling kind of sad?  well, let me tell you, I was in that mood the other day (I'd already listened to the CD  before, a lot of times) and I just put the CD, and you can't imagine the  happines that came to my heart, I felt soo good :-) I even forgot why I was  getting sad :-) Bought it, I'll be one of the best things you can buy in  your  entire life.
0060977493|2.0|Oh God! This is is supposed to be a great book!Yet why...? That was my reaction to the whole thing when I completed it. Arundhati Roy's much talked abput book is more of a personal narration of her life. If you  sympathise with her travails, you may like it. Otherwise it is one  continuous drag. The story is about twins, Rahel and Estha and their  divorced mother. A lot of venom is poured on the absent and dead father.  Again sounding like a bitter memoir of a child. But the story is not linear  at all, making it so difficult for a reader to hang on. So many phrases  which the author thinks are cute, made me tear my hair in exasperation!  Some passages at the begining of each chapter are well written. The first  page is quite similar to that of Alan Paton's Cry the beloved country.  Yet...In the end ther is some confusion. What did finally happen to Sophie  Mol?  After a point u simply do not want to bother. So my feelings to sum  up--- a pretty average fare....
B000000OF6|5.0|I would have loved to have seen what Queen would have done if Freddy Mercury had not tragically died.<br />He was not only the icon of rock in the 80's but the icon of an era which sadly has faded out. Definitely one of  the great bands of all time, with their simple but sublime songs.It was no  wonder though, with talent the likes of Brian May.<br />Mercury was one of the  showmen of rock, a breed which has long ago died.He inspired fans and other  musicians to live and breathe their music rather than play it.<br />This is an  album to show your kids one day, it has all their really awesome songs, and  is worth the buy even if it's not your kind of music, it is undeniably  eclectic.<br />A Killer Queen album.<br />kadu81@hotmail.com
B00000K19E|5.0|Since thousands of people have reviewed The Matrix, let's get to the point! It is a definite must for your DVD collection! Why you ask...well it won 3 Academy Awards (beating Star Wars Episode 1 in all catagories), it  has revived the career of Keanu Reeves (that left acting to pursue his  music career, Dogstar), has elivated Carrie-Anne Moss' career, was the 1st  $100 million dollar movie of 1999 and has great DVD features! I'm looking  forward to the next two sequels of The Matrix! Rumors say that Jet Li will  be in it, check it out!
0320037819|5.0|JK Rollins ha hecho un excelente trabajo en interesar a ninos en la lectura.  El primer libro, HP &amp; la piedra filosofal se lo compre a mis dos hijas (7 y 4 anos) y todas las noches me lo llevaban para que les  leyera un capitulo, hasta que despues de un mes lo terminamos, fue a  solicitud de la nina de 4 anos, secundada por la mayor, que hemos seguido  comprando el resto de los libros de Harry Potter.<br />JK Rollins en su  estilo de escritura, a veces un poco pesada para ninos pequenos pero  siempre con mucha emocion en cada pagina, logra mantener la atraccion de  ninos (y tengo que confesar, de adultos tambien) durante todo su libro,  utilizando magia sencilla de entender, villanos que a veces dan miedo, y  conflictos y relaciones con otros ninos del colegio.<br />Yo recomiendo este  libro para adultos que quieren compartir momentos felices con sus ninos  pequenos (4 a 8 anos) y ninos que pueden leer libros extensos por su propia  cuenta (9 a 15 anos).<br />Gabriel Solorzano Nicaragua
B00000K31Q|5.0|It took me a while to see this movie. It basically didn'tattract me, because I thought it was a little bit too chick flicky. Irented the DVD, and I was surprised! It's the best teen comedy that's not so perverted of 1999! I loved it! '10 Things' depicted how life can be for the rebel, the bad girl, the popular girl, the jock, the nerd, and the new guy. And each actor/actress portrayed each of these so top-notch. Not only is the movie great, but the music in the video rocks! The soundtrack is the best, especially one of the best around. I suggest checking this movie out if you haven't already!
1563890119|4.0|Preludes and Nocturnes starts in quite a clichd manner, with the stereotypical occult portrayal and the rather redundant phrases used in the spell used to evoke Death, but quickly accelerates. The chapter where  Morpheus travels to Hell is truly excellent, and I swear that Lucifer  Morningstar *is* Davie Bowie! The battle between Morpheus and an unassuming  demon is quite invenitve. I absolutely detested the inclusion of  superheroes, as I felt it sort of cheapens the whole book, and makes it  temporarily childish. I am currently reading The Doll's House, and I will  give you one piece of advice if you wish to read these books in order: take  note of small, seemingly unimportant phrases, as they tie-in beautifully in  the subsequent chapters and even different books! You must *NOT* miss this.  I felt a little foolish reading a comic book at first, but you forget all  this when the powerful story washes over you. Most definitely worth the  money. Read them in order.
6305807086|5.0|112 minutes without an intended cliche--must be a world record.
B000001FS3|5.0|It is hard of any one to fall off the Josha Tree!  Every now and then an album come along that is just called a classic! This is one of those few albums.  A landmark in 80s music history of rock! Need I say more?
B00000DFRS|3.0|This has to be one of Whitney Houston's better works. In this album Whitney steps away from her tradition melodies and brings it back to her club and R&amp;B roots. With jammin' songs such as &quot;If I Told You  That&quot;, &quot;My Love Is Your Love&quot;, and &quot;It's Not Right But  Its Ok' Whitney has proven her durability against the test of time.
0385484518|5.0|My mentor, Karey Tompkins Pine, one day was telling me about this book she was reading - &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; - and was saying how incredibly touching it was.  When she was done with the book, she gave it  to me and strongly encouraged me to read it.<br />Once I began to read it, I  could not take my eyes off the pages.  I felt as though reading about  Morrie's life and the influence he had on Mitch, was a totally inspiring  experience.  The biggest lesson I learned from reading this book is to  Seize the Day - make the most out of each and every moment we have in our  lives, by living to the fullest.  Morrie certainly lived to the fullest,  and passed that important lesson onto his students and those he knew.<br />I  am grateful that my mentor, Karey, gave me this book to read because it  makes the meaning of it all even more profound.  I strongly recommend  mentors sharing this book with their mentees.
B000001GXI|5.0|Well, what do I have to say about this recording? What I haveto say is that it's incredibly good. Every aspect of it is justamazing. Mozart wrote real engaging music and all the singers here sing them in the way that makes you feel that Mozart wanted his music to sound just like that.  Wunderlich is just so incredibly amazing here, specially in &quot;Dies bildnis ist bezaubern schon&quot;, his voice is so beautiful that when you hear it you think you are the one that has fallen in love with Pamina by seeing her portrait. I feel very sorry that he died so young(just like Mozart, they both died very young). It seems that a legendary tenor must die young, what do I mean? Wunderlich, Bjorling and Carusso all died young.  Going back to this recording, Fischer-Dieskau is a great Papageno and in his duet with Papagena they are both just magnificent. Lears has a very pretty voice and I think where it best is shown is in her duet with Papageno &quot;Bei Mannern&quot;. Peters really puts on a show in her second aria, the first time I heard it I was inexperienced with opera and I was so amazed that it was a human voice doing that amazing, beautiful sound. Crass is a really great Sarastro and has a beautiful bass voice(isn't it funny that the evil character here is a coloratura soprano and the good one a bass). The choire is also amazing and when they sing together with Sarastro is just amzaing, specailly in the very end of the opera &quot;Die Strahlen der Sonne&quot;. Also, The Queen of the Night's ladies in waiting do a great job, specially in the introduction &quot;Zu hilfe zu hilfe&quot;, it is just beautiful and a very enchanting melody.  Also, Bohm does a great job and he shows in in the overture. I heard von Karajan do Die Zauberflote and was not as good as Bohm. Well, anyone reading this has probably noticed that I mentioned almost everybody in the opera. So my final thanks go to Mozart himself for writing such a beutiful opera, I think it's hard for me to see how someone can not like this opera, the melodies are so beutiful, so enchanting, so engaging, and the best of all in this recording they are all delivered to us listeners perfectly. If you are going to buy Die Zauberflote, buy this recording and you will not regret it and I'm pretty sure if you are not experienced with opera and want to get into it, this is the perfect recording for the perfect opera.
B00004U8H4|1.0|I am writing for the soul purpose of keeping someone from wasting there time and money. I did not read the book. Anyways, I saw the movie and must say it was one of the top 3 worst movies I have ever seen. Bad acting, bad  plot, bad script, and bad effects. I am not sure if they are encouraged at  amazon to can bad reviews to increase sales or what or if the people who  wrote the reviews saw the same movie I did. The movie was in the theaters  for how long? That should tell the story right there. PLEASE DO NOT MAKE  THIS PURCHASE, THERE ARE BETTER FILMS TO PURCHASE!.
B00000J2KX|5.0|Kubrick made this a masterpiece. More times than not, Stephen King's books are made into a joke on the big screen. This adaptation was definitely not. Kubrick was thought to be a genious... The Overlook Hotel somewhere in the hills of Colorado - what better place for Nickolson to strut his absolute  best work. Shelley Duvall was an excellent choice to play the scatterbrain  wife with the wide popping eyes at all the right times. The flashbacks and  things little Danny sees really set the stage and without being graphic or  gross - totally horrifies you. A few memorable scenes... 1. The Interview,  2. Nicholson is interrupted by Duvall while typing, 3. Nicholson chasing  Duvall up the stairs and cornering her in the bathroom, and 4. the chase in  the snowy cold garden labyrinth. Do not watch this film alone at night.  Classic horror/suspense film that belongs in any movie buff's library.
B000002HGD|5.0|I think that this could be Mobys best album.  The best part about the album is the way rock is used.   Mobys PLAY &gt; dose not have song that I would call rock. ALL THAT I NEED IS TO BE LOVED is a good song but I think  that WHAT LOVE is a much more enjoyble song.  I think that FIRST COOL HIVE  is a great song.  I have heard it in TV adds and it is in the movie SCREAM,   it has a short clip of sound when the movie ends just for a few sec.  Moby  music has been in many movies like DOBBLE TAP,  TOMORROW NEVER DIES, COOL  WORLD, and JOE'S APARTMENT and just about every outher TV add it see....
0767819462|4.0|After seeing this movie I ran to call my mother. This is an extremely touching and moving movie. It centers around Ed Harris and Susan Sarandon, who are divorced, having to deal with the fact that Sarandon has been  diagnosed cancer. In addition Julia Roberts is now about to marry Ed Harris  a.k.a. the name STEP MOM. <br />I completely enjoyed this movie. From its  sadder to happier moments. I say watch with your mom.
6304163231|5.0|I have followed Jeff Gordon's career since he startd and this video is a great one to tell more about him and his abilities.  I hightly recommend it to not only JG fans, but the NASCAR fans as well.
B000001FS3|1.0|Ya know, i don't get it. What do people see in this band of garralous babbling morons? sure there albums reflect the politics of blah blah blah, but the music is so repetitive and dull, it puts me into a hypnotic trans  which probably everyone else has been droned into.  Bono and his gang are  severly overatted and dull to the ear.  Not to mention that there hit  singles &quot;still haven't found what i'm looking for&quot; and &quot;In  the name of love&quot; sound exactly the same. If I write anymore I'll get  a headache thinking about why these guys are so popular
0767849493|5.0|...and other straight-laced Catholics when they say that this film is blasphemous and offensive. I'm Catholic myself and I found nothing offensive about it. If anything, it taught me more about Catholicism and  religion in general than the six years of Sunday school I took back in  grade school. This movie was also my introduction to the wonderfully  twisted films of Kevin Smith(now I have to go back and rent Clerks and  Mallrats because the dialogue in this movie was so incredible). Shout-out  to Howard Shore too for the amazing music score, and the brilliant cast  (especially Chris Rock, Salma Hayek, and Jason Lee, all of which get the  best lines). 129 minutes of brilliance.
0790736314|5.0|This is the most terrifying movie to me.  I was to young when it came out, so my mom wouldn't let me see it. Once I did see it, I had to thank my mom, because I would have had nightmares, just looking at the picture that was  in the movie add gave me a nightmare, because they showed Reagan's face. I  saw it on tape when I was old enough and I don't want to watch it again.   I've tried to watch it, but I can't.  It still terrifies me to this day.   I'm glad I didn't see it on the big screen either. I can not stand it when  they show Regan's picture on the TV, showing scenes from the movie, I have  to look away.  I can not see how they can compare The Blair Witch to The  Exorcist! What a joke!
6305126062|3.0|I know I am going to make someone mad by saying this, but I did not fully find this movie enjoyable. I believe that the supposed chemistry betweeen Kristin Scott Thomas and Robert Redford was nowhere to be found. The best  actor in the entire movie was entirely THE HORSE. I wished to know more  about what happens to the Horse than anyone else.
B000002UAU|5.0|The best. Buy it. Love it. Worship it. The Beatles really did it this time with the visionary, Sgt. Pepper. Not only did the Beatles write as another band. Not only was the cover really good, but this is some of the best work  that the fab four have done. It was also the first record to have the  lyrics printed on it. WOW!<br />The songs are all well written. I can't name  my favorite. The writing in this record is way more different then their  &quot;Please, Pease Me&quot; days. With this unique album, rock music  changed forever. Thats why... *Stands next to George and holds up a  cardboard sign with a five printed on it* FIVE SMASHING STARS!
6305537798|2.0|Okay. I'm sure you can tell that I think this was a sorry waste of video. I'll start by mentioning the few good points. I laughed a few times.<br /> But what really destroys this movie is the really irritating characters. Other  than Hindus, every stereotype in this movie is played for joke. Popular  people are always really stupid and shallow. Riotgrrls always hate men.  Since I would consider myself a riotgrrl, this deeply offended me. And I  wonder where these ignorant teens get these stupid ideas from.  I fell  asleep soon. But from what I know, I'll say this isn't worth yr  time.<br />Okay. Here's the plot. Bianca, the popular shallow trendyhead wants  to go out with the white jock, whose name I cease to care about. But  Bianca's manhating feminist older sister, Kat, hates men. And Bianca cant  date till Kat does. Like, oh no! So the jock pays this Australian guy to go  out with Kat, since she's so unlovable.  After that I fell asleep.<br />The  reason I rented this was cos I heard they mentioned Bikini Kill and the  Raincoats in it. They do, so you other grrlies can not waste yr money to  see if its true. But the Australian guy cant even pronounce the names  right!  And although Julia Stiles is fairly cool, Kat is so cliche she  makes me want to shoot the TV. Oh God. Dunt rent this!<br />I heard Sister  Hazel was on the soundtrack. Why do they even TRY?
B00001NFCY|1.0|I hate every song on this album because I hear it everywhere I go.  I wish that Pearl Jam knockoff of a singer would just shut up for a minute.  I know he has his &quot;Arms Wide Open&quot; and he wants to take me  &quot;Higher,&quot; so enough already!
B00004STPT|5.0|What do you say to someone who hasn't even seen the movie but has fallen in love with the soundtrack. I guess you might tell them to go see the movie. Unfortunately, I live fifty miles away from the nearest theatre so  we have to plan our night out to the movies or wait for the video. BUT--I  think I know the Gladiator soundtrack so well I have already created the  movie in my mind. The expression in the music is so descriptive--it shows  not tells--very important if it's going to draw an audience.<br />I am a  prolific writer--children's writing--and I love this soundtrack to help put  me in to the mood. Currently I'm writing a some what graphic sci-fi piece.  If I have writers block this music smooths out the distractions and helps  me move into that wonderful get-away-place called imagination.<br />How does  this review help you if you don't write? Well--we all have worries, right?  We all get stressed and we'd like to possibly put some bill collectors in  the ring with a gladiator--then no more worries. As good as that may sound  it's still wrong. But that doesn't mean, for a time while we listen to this  beautiful and stirring music, that we can't imagine our stresses being  thrown to the lions or a bill collector pleading for his life. How about a  terrible boss, or a stinky teacher, or that mechanic that never seems to be  able to fix your car and the bills are stacking high? This soundtrack does  it all for me. I can actually get satisfaction from the worries of life  just by taking the time to listen to this incredible soundtrack. My  compliments, as a music lover, to Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard. Bravo!
0375707972|2.0|Amongst many excerpts of reviews that precede the novel is one by heavyweight intellectual supremo George Steiner, who says `the reviewer's sole and privileged function is to say as loudly as he is able \\"read this\\"  and read it again\\"'<br />My sole and privileged function is to say \\"Don't  bother reading it once.\\"<br />Here's the story. The narrator remembers back to  when he was 15 and had an affair with an older woman, Hanna, a tram  conductress. Lucky boy. But then she disappears. Later he finds out she's  on trial for war crimes. She had been a concentration camp guard. She and  some other guards had locked 500 prisoners in a church, and didn't let them  out when the church caught fire because they couldn't find the key. She  gets sent down. Some years later she tops herself in the slammer, although  she was due to be released. Was she guilty? I don't care.<br />During their  affair, the narrator used to read books to Hanna, and later he finds out  that she's illiterate. While she's in the clink, he records books onto  audio tape for her, although she's learned to read and write. So  what.<br />Maybe the story had potential, but in Schlink's hands it's dull,  uninvolving and clumsily written. Perhaps part of the fault for the poor  writing style lies with the translator, but she can't be blamed for the  lack of characterisation, narrative drive or tension, the dead dialogue,  the totally ungripping trial scenes, the tedious sentences and redundant  clauses, and the narrator's irritating habit of asking daft rhetorical  questions at every opportunity.<br />If the book has any interesting ideas  about love, the Holocaust or Germany's guilt, I didn't spot them.<br />On the  positive side, it's only 207 pages long and easy to read.
0441172717|5.0|I loved this book. I liked how Mr. Herbert described various objects and habitats. The characterization is phenominal. This IS one of the best books ever.<br />What happens in the beginning of the book is a whole story of it's own so I won't reveal too much for those who haven't read the book. <br />The  main character is a fifteen year old boy named Paul Atreides. His father,  the Duke Leto Atreidies is forced to move from the planet Caladan (A planet  that is rich with water and forests.) to  Arrakis AKA Dune. Dune is a harsh  desert world were water is scarce and food is even scarcer. The thing that  the planet is best known for is the spice Melange. Melange is used for  food, drugs, and many other things. Melange helps people see into the  future, Starship pilots use it to pilot better. There are a few people who  can have special powers by using it. Paul is one those, he is also the only  male. The natives also beleive that he is their Messiah and that he will  lead them to freedom.<br />Dune intertwines politics, religion, geology,  action, and adventure all into one story. I love this book and I give it a  *marks a five into Paul-Muad'Dib's stillsuit&quot; FIVE!
B000001E7T|5.0|Pssst. Know what? I don't think this is really that great an album, but there's something about it... &lt;sign&gt;... It has it's... charms. I want to keep it near just in case I need to hear it again. PJ Harvey has an unusual warmth. It's an attractive feeling, comforting feeling. Know what? This is a punk album. Shhhhhh. Here's where this disk sits... between the Misfits' Plan 9 and Chan Marshall's Moon Pix. Ask me what Chan is doing in there? Well, Chan sings lullabies and PJ does too. Yeah, this is an album of punk lullabies. Keep it under your pillow.
B000001EC1|5.0|This album is the perfect start for any new BJ fan. Hard-rocking hits like &quot;You Give Love a Bad Name&quot;, &quot;Lay Your Hands On Me&quot;, &quot;Bad Medicine&quot; and the ever-powerful &quot;Living On a  Prayer&quot; introduce the new fan to BZ's successful classic days; the  glorious 80's. Ah, those were the days - when BIG hair was practically a  norm, pop metal ruled the music scene and the controversial idea of  &quot;love, sex and the American dream&quot; plagued society and gave the  bands new ideas for new material. <br />&quot;Keep the Faith&quot; is  definitely not a song you'll forget in a hurry..and not just because it's  STILL on American airwaves - it really is a smashing tune with a MESSAGE.  Jon's strong vocals and Richie's legendary guitar riffs deliver it well.  &quot;Blaze of Glory&quot;, a product of Jon's shot at solo material, is  emotionally victorious and wistful at the same time - a powerful, soaring  track that should be played at a HIGH volume!<br />Ahh, and who can forget the  ballads? &quot;Always&quot; is STILL one of my all-time favorite songs.  &quot;Bed of Roses&quot; has got to be one of the most romantic songs of  the 90's: 'I've got nothing to prove, for it's you that I'd die to defend!'  Who could ask for more? &quot;I'll Be There For You&quot; is a favorite  among a lot of dedicated BJ fans, and for good reason, too.<br />As for the  rest I can take it or leave it. &quot;Someday I'll Be Saturday Night&quot;  is catchy but rather simplistic for my taste. &quot;Runaway&quot; is cute  though. But that's about all I can say about it. &quot;In and Out of  Love&quot; had absolutely no business being on this album  (they chould've  replaced it with a much better choice, such as &quot;Wild Is the Wind&quot;  or &quot;Raise Your Hands&quot; - both late 80's tracks that would give the  new fan a MUCH better impression of what Bon Jovi are all about).     &quot;Cross Road&quot; was the first BJ album I ever bought, and it opened  awhole new world for me: The world of REAL music. Like many new fans at  the time, &quot;Always&quot; hit a major nerve and since you couldn't get  singles in Israel at the time (still can't actually), I rushed out and  bought this album. I'm so glad I did! In an era of boy bands, egotistical  and foul-mouthed rap artists, not to mention BRITNEY, do yourself a favor:  Buy this album and savor the little amount of REAL music we have left.
B00004U45G|4.0|This cd flat-out rocks! If you are the slightest fan of Zep, the Crowes, or general blues rock, then this is one you have to own. Odds are you are a fan of all three. What makes this cd truly great are the seldom-played  Zeppelin tunes and the cover songs. The three guitars allow for songs like  Ten Years Gone, In My Time of Dying, and Hey Hey What Can I Do, as well as  a few others that Zeppelin might never have been able to do live. I'm  personally glad they stuck to some of the non-radio material instead of  songs like Black Dog and Rock and Roll which are good, yet very worn out.  This is an extremely blues-heavy album that rocks and should be played  LOUD. Chris Robinson makes a very good Plant, at least better than anyone  else out there, and the same goes for the Black Crowes as a band. No one  else is closer to Zeppelin's style. My only complaint is the shortage of  Black Crowes songs, which is a shame. True Zeppelin fans will appreciate  this for the song selections, but it's also a great buy for anyone else. I  desperately wish I could see the live show, but I can't. Anyway, buy this  cd as fast as you can and don't forget to check out the song Shapes of  Things, it's awesome!
B000021XWH|5.0|In their latest effort, There Is Nothing Left To Lose, the FooFighters have done it again. They play hard and they playsoft. They're serious and they're funny.  I liked several of the songs. In fact, I loved all them.  I liked the roughness of &quot;Stacked Actors.&quot; I liked the unseriousness of &quot;Breakout.&quot; I love the catchiness of &quot;MIA.&quot; This is the best Foo Fighters album to date. Except for maybe, The Colour And The Shape, which was really good. I can't decide which one is the best.  The ECD is also the best ECD I have used.  That is why I give, TINLTL *Tatoo's a five on Dave Grohl's forehead* FIVE STARS!
B00004SCS1|5.0|I haven't been more excited since I first heard Iron Man, Master of Puppets, and Burnt Offerings (Testament, Geesh). Besides the fact that these songs crush bones, go from zero to 60 in under 4 milliseconds and get  me dizy from spinning, this band has a fertile sense of humor. 5 mutant  thumbs up. Actually, here's a warning: This album will make your body parts  move and jolt in random directions, please anchor all valuables to the  floor and remove small children from the premises. Kuddos also go to  producer Rick Ruben (Red Hot Chili Peppers) and engineer queen Silvia Massy  Shivy (Tool).
0316777722|3.0|I realize that David Sedaris books are supposed to be `really' funny, and I consider myself to have a great sense of humor, but overall I found `Me Talk Pretty One Day' amusing at best.  In this best selling book, the  reader is exposed to a collection of short stories that take on a humorous  spin of mundane topics, or everyday subjects that the Sedaris family has  placed their own `unique and warped' spin on.<br />Though most stories were  entertaining, I often asked that though many of these snippets of Mr.  Sedaris's life were plausible, some seem to be somewhat exaggerated or  embellished.  Perhaps that is the authors attempt to really try to make  something funny, which ordinarily isn't.  Now, don't get me wrong, there  are some funny stories.  The book is worth it's price in three or four of  these snapshots: \\"I'll eat what he's wearing\\", \\"Big Boy\\", and the one that  had me rolling on the floor crying to catch my breath \\"You can't kill the  Rooster.\\"  This last story about his younger brother is movie  material!<br />The collection overall covers a wide variety of subjects,  however, there seem to be two recurring theme's that I observed.  First, a  decent portion of the book is devoted to his experiences living in France.  Though one can make the argument that this book is about his life and it's  funny moments, and he did actually live in France; for someone who has  never been there to identify French absurdity I found myself saying \\"Oh,  another story France, again\\".  The redeeming aspect for me here was the  story about learning French with a bunch of students (characters in their  own right), taught by a dictatorial and stereotypical rude French  teacher.<br />Secondly, the author seems to have what I would consider some  issues of reservation of his life and choices.  Autobiographical in nature,  the stories often reflect the author's acknowledgement of his low  self-worth.  He often talks about how many deplorable jobs he has had, how  cheap his father is, how smart he isn't, his life with an alcoholic mother,  how he got mixed up into drugs and just shuffled through life.  However, he  takes these normally depressing attributes and attempts to shroud them in  humor, hoping that the reader can look past these events on the surface and  praise Mr. Sedaris for his wit.  Though this does work at times, I wasn't  sure whether to laugh or feel sorry for him at times.<br />I hope I am not  giving an impression that this is a bad book.  It is not.  It is funny and  an easy read.  But it was more `amusing' than `hilarious' in which most  people would expect.her is, how smart he isn't, his life with an alcoholic mother,  how he got mixed up into drugs and just shuffled through life.  However, he  takes these normally depressing attributes and attempts to shroud them in  humor, hoping that the reader can look past these events on the surface and  praise Mr. Sedaris for his wit.  Though this does work at times, I wasn't  sure whether to laugh or feel sorry for him at times.<br />I hope I am not  giving an impression that this is a bad book.  It is not.  It is funny and  an easy read.  But it was more `amusing' than `hilarious' in which most  people would expect.
0440133688|5.0|There is a well-known phenomenon in health care called &quot;reality shock.&quot;  It occurs when an idealistic student practitioner emerges from the educational process, bright-eyed, scrubbed and shining, and learns  what the hospital industry is REALLY like.  The light at the end of the  tunnel can be seen (according to the studies on this process) when the new  professional regains a sense of humor. When I graduated from college with a  nursing degree, I went to work for a huge west coast HMO that shall remain  nameless; after a year on the wards I was ready to lay down in front of a  bus.  I was working nights, caring for 22 patients with one unlicensed  assistant, facing 28-year-old geniuses with metastatic cancer, or  middle-aged alcoholics who would disconnect their IV lines and watch the  blood splash on the floor, or .. well you get the idea.  Somebody gave me  &quot;House of God&quot; before a weekend off.  By the end of the book I  was laughing and crying and rediscovering just why I'd gotten into this  business to begin with. If you're a health care professional and haven't  read this yet, READ IT!  If you're a &quot;frequent flyer&quot; in the  health-care system and can't figure out why caregivers laugh at things that  are absolutely NOT funny to the Real World, this book will tell you.  Send  this book to your senators and representatives.  Send a case to your  insurance carrier's Utilization Review department.  And thank god that our  anonymous author had the guts to write the truth.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road kicks your anatomy off right from the start with \\"Come Together.\\" One of my favorite songs. You just get the feeling that something good is going to come from the whole album. Something good does come. Mainly with the really weird \\"Maxwell's Silver Hammer,\\" and \\"Octopus' Garden.\\" The two best songs on the album besides \\"Come Together.\\" I liked George's efforts and you can tell that he really grew in song writing with the two songs, \\"Something\\" and \\"Here Come's The Sun.\\" Those are also two very good songs. \\"I Want You (She's So Heavy)\\" is a great blues number by the Lennon/McCartney team.<br />There are many songs on the album that I didn't mention which are just as good but I think the one's above are the best. The Album is a must for any Rock fan old or new. That's why I'm giving this masterpiece *puts shoes on Paul's feet and puts a five on the back of his shirt* FIVE WONDERFUL STARS!
B000002BE9|5.0|Fiona is an amazing talent. I can't wait to see what she creates in the future, and I have hopes she will have a long and interesting career. This is a tough album to beat and will probably always be a good place to start.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is an awesome cd! If are thinking about buying it, DO!  If you like this one, i would definetly get Cheshire Cat and Dude Ranch, which are the earlier and I thnk better!  Worth your money.
B00004SE2Y|5.0|See I saw all of these depressing reviews, but decided to form my own opinion.   This cd is really good and I am a Britney fan and I know for a fact that Britney wrote one song (Dear Diary) and played a huge part in writing the other songs.  But to all you others the cd was great the three tracks were great and if you like this you should buy the baby one more time import.
B000002MTR|4.0|This one is different because they didn't have John or Hillel. They had Dave Navarro from Jane's Addiction. He made the record sound different. At first I thought it was horrible but then I listened to it some more. It has  to grow on you. Anyway, it's different but it's still funky and hip and  that's what the Chili Peppers are.<br />The songs I liked the most were,  &quot;Pea&quot; I liked Flea's impression of being small. &quot;Deep  Kick&quot; was excellent and I loved the talking on the first minute or so.  &quot;My Friends&quot; is pretty good too. All in all this is a good album.  Because of that, I give it a *Smacks a four on Navarro's backside* A FOUR!
0679601945|5.0|I don't know what book the other reviewer read, but it couldn't have been &quot;Mansfield Park.&quot;  &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; is a political satire according to some, and I think there's reason to believe this  assessment. According to Jane Austen, &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; is about  ordination (some dispute here, but she wrote it in a letter).  Ordination  comes from the word &quot;order&quot; and given the events in Europe at the  time order was a major issue.<br />Jane Austen's father had 'interests' in the  West Indies from which he derived income, and he was very pleased the  British Government (Tories) defended these colonies and kept them from  joining in the American Revolotion. Jane Austen had two naval brothers who  served as part of the effort to keep the English interests en tact. In  &quot;Persuasion&quot; a discussion at dinner one evening centers around  the West Indies--and the talk is not about slavery. Like it or not, Jane  Austen's conscience about slavery did become manifest until she wrote  &quot;Emma&quot; and even then she barely touched on the subject. Jane  Austen's main concerns involved the lives of women and their place in  society. And we have no right to judge her from our perspective 200 years  later.<br />Jane Austen was a Tory at the time she wrote &quot;Mansfield  Park.&quot; The Tories were a conservative party that backed the English  king and he had no interest in seeing English colonies in the West  Indies--from which he derived income--disappear. The Tories were landed  gentry (country aristocrats) and did not want their old agrarian way of  life abolished. It was under threat from the Industrial Revolution, and  other social change. The Tory opposition party was Whig.  Whigs supported  the American and French Revolutions, and wanted change (the Abolutionists  were mostly Whig).<br />Jane Austen's &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; symbolizes  the old agrarian landed gentry way of life. Portsmouth (where Fanny's  mother lives) represents the chaos of the masses.  London (home of the  Crawfords) is an interesting but dangerous way of life.<br />Fanny is a very  moral girl. My only complaint of Fanny is that I wanted her to stand up for  herself--which she does. She always did, she just didn't do it the way we  women who have been emancipated would. Critics from Lionel Trilling to Tony  Tanner have defended Fanny's right to be Fanny--i.e. a moral and good girl  of her times. We who are caught up in the modern world may not appreciate  Fanny, but there she is--and who dares judge her?<br />Fanny holds the course  (like the Tories).  She is the voice of morality who objects to the London  stage play the other youngsters at Mansfield Park stage in the absence of  Mr. Bertram (the lord of the manor and the upholder of virtue). Fanny will  not be coerced into violating her principles. She will not marry Mr.  Crawford because she can see he is immoral. She chides Edmund to stay on  the straight and narrow. She facilitates Edmund's remaining on the path to  ordination. Say what you will, Fanny gets her man, and she gets him the way  she wants him. Was Janie spoofing us all along? Was Fanny right?resents the chaos of the masses.  London (home of the  Crawfords) is an interesting but dangerous way of life.<br />Fanny is a very  moral girl. My only complaint of Fanny is that I wanted her to stand up for  herself--which she does. She always did, she just didn't do it the way we  women who have been emancipated would. Critics from Lionel Trilling to Tony  Tanner have defended Fanny's right to be Fanny--i.e. a moral and good girl  of her times. We who are caught up in the modern world may not appreciate  Fanny, but there she is--and who dares judge her?<br />Fanny holds the course  (like the Tories).  She is the voice of morality who objects to the London  stage play the other youngsters at Mansfield Park stage in the absence of  Mr. Bertram (the lord of the manor and the upholder of virtue). Fanny will  not be coerced into violating her principles. She will not marry Mr.  Crawford because she can see he is immoral. She chides Edmund to stay on  the straight and narrow. She facilitates Edmund's remaining on the path to  ordination. Say what you will, Fanny gets her man, and she gets him the way  she wants him. Was Janie spoofing us all along? Was Fanny right?
B000000OTU|4.0|This isn't all you've heard of. They missed a bunch of hits, and stuff...they forgot-Magic Touch (Vacation), F.I.N.E. (Pump), Young Lust (Pump), Simoriah (Vacation), Line Up (Get A Grip), and others. But, it is  alright, considering they covered most of the hits...but, still it isn't  complete without those hits.
6304383177|5.0|This is not merely one of the finest screwball comedies - it is also one of the funniest,most charming,most energetic and most inventive comedies ever made.Beautifully directed - almost unnoticeably,in fact,which is how  it should be with a great comedy - and superbly acted - not just by the  brilliantly intelligent and playful Grant and the cast-against-type  Hepburn,but also by the likes of the crafty Walter Catlett,the  ever-reliable May Robson and the gloriously artful Charlie Ruggles - this  is a fabulously engrossing comic fantasy.Buy it,watch it,and then return to  watch it over and over again.It never loses its magic.It really is a  genuine delight.(Completists might also like to track down the colorized  version:sacrilege,I know,but the colour is not too bad,and -this is really  sad!- this particular print is a fraction longer than the current  black-and-white version).
B000007T1M|5.0|Here we go.  Another great Cd put out by someone in what MTV has started refering to as &quot;the L.A. Metal Brotherhood&quot;. First off, when you buy the CD (and i know you will), read the little speach on the back.   second, listen to the Cd. I'm willing to bet that a lot of you peeple are  peeple who are checking out this CD 'cause you remember Sugar from Ozzfest  (yes you do).  Sugar is a good song and all, but by far not the best on the  album.  Now, let's get down to the nitty gritty of the review, the song by  song analysis... 1. SUITE-PEE:  Here's a strange song.  starting out with  that ever so strange guitar work in the beginning (the fast, high-pitched  plinking) and the strange first phrase (i had an out of body experience the  other day, her name was jesus).  good, bordering on great, song, but i  could have done with the part about &quot;let the messiah running all  through our soul&quot;. 2. KNOW: i like this song. i like everything from  the begining to the end, from Serj's sarcastic regular singing, to his  mostly roaring chorus singing.  That's one thing i forgot to mention about  SOAD; Serj has three voices: His sarcastic voice (which, as you may have  guess, makes it sound like he's singing sarcastically), his roaring voice  (which sounds like a lion that's pissed about everything),his melodic voice  (which consumes all of SPIDERS, and at least a little from most of the  other songs), and his helium voice (which you'll know when you hear it).  Anyway, back to the song.  Great song, excellent view of how all the  gibbering sheep that make up most of society go about solving the world's  problems (&quot;let's all say different things, while people flap their  yellow wings&quot;, &quot;You never think you know, why&quot;). 3. SUGAR:  Peculiar song.  Barely any of it rhymes, but the wide rang of vocal styles  that Serj uses make it fun to sing along to (just listen to it, i can't  even begin to explain them).  Fairly good song. 4. SUGGESTIONS: goodsong.   this is one of those songs that i can't quite figure out how to explain,  but it's just... well... good.  It starts out with a mellow guitar  sequence, and goes into a bouncy regular singing sequence, where Surj  demonstrates his melodic and sarcastic voices, and at the beginging of the  &quot;chorus&quot; (there aren't any words, it's just guitar, bass, and  drums) he reveals his screech.  this pattern is followed until the slow,  heavy riffage which stops abruptly before another bouncy part where surj  must have sucked massive amounts of helium to have been able to pull that  singing off.  Good song, bordering on great. 5. SPIDERS: this song is the  reason i bought the album, so this review may be a little biased.  Well,  first off, this is a fairly mellow song (just fairly mellow, not actually  mellow) and has only Surj's melodic singing.  There isn't much more i can  say about this song without ending up repeating myself.  Great song. 6.  DDEVIL: no i did not make a typo, there really are two D's at the begining  of DDEVIL's name.  this is one of those songs that can be described as  &quot;get up and go&quot;.  starting off with the bouncy drum rollish  drumming in the begining, with the sarcastic singing punctuated by roaring,  and pelted with outbursts of the helium voice.  this song is actually quite  funny, and you'll probably burst out laughing, whether trying to sing along  to the helium voice, or reading the lyrics (&quot;strong refridgerators,  gaining independence).  Fairly great song. 7. SOIL: here's a song about the  hardships of dealing with life after a friend has commited suicide.  what  with sarcastic voiced normal lyrics (my memories are of fun, and  friendship, and of victories won in the strength of youth) to the roaring  chorus (&quot;Friends for years images in red, blew off his own  mother-f**king head) to the screeching battle-cry of the song (&quot;why  the f**k did you take him away from us, mother-f**ker! ).  Good song,  but  itjust isn't great. 8. WAR?: a song showing us what christianity's (and  all organizations who have gone and killed people in god's name) famous  battles versus so called &quot;evil&quot; are like from the other point of  view. the song is hard and heavy in the begining, and towards the middle  slows down to an almost complete stop, where &quot;of war, we don't speak  anymore&quot; is chanted over and over, and goes directly into &quot;we  will fight the heathens, we will fight the heathens&quot;. great song. 9.  MIND: to tell you the truth, i haven't really listened to this song and  payed enough attention to review it.  i can explain why though.  the  begining isn't nearly heavy enough to keep me going into the heavy part,  because the only way i would stick through it is if i know there's  something i want to hear on the other side. so, i wouldn't call it a good  song, but there are some people who like it. 10. PEEPHOLE: this is a very,  VERY strange song.  i guess it's a song about drugs (&quot;don't ever get  stuck in the sky, when you're high&quot;).  the song starts out with a kind  of humming sound, and has little VERY low volume clips of vocals from later  in the song.  then it goes into this circus music (that thing where the  music goes brrrump bum bum bum brrrump bum bum bum) and goes  hard for the  chorus, then back into the circus music.  all and all this is a very,VERY  strange song, but a great one. 11. CUBErt: yet again, the name isn't a typo  on my part, that's just the way it's written on the back of the case. this  has got to be one of my favorite songs on the album (up there with SPIDERS,  DDEVIL, and PEEPHOLE). it has this strange little fast high pitched  plinking at the begining and goes into a heavy, chugging sequence.  the  normal singing is the sarcastic voice, and the chorus is a hybrid voice of  the sarcastic voice and the melodic. the chorus is one that most outcasts  can relate to (humans everywhere, canned, cliche people organs: rare).Great song. 12. DARTS: this is an ok song, but i don't like it much.  the  begining vocals put me off, and i can't stand sitting through the rest of  the song.  fair song. 13. P.L.U.C.K. (Politically Lying, Unholy, Cowardly  Killers):   this is the last, and one of the best songs on the album. wow.  such a deverse song.  starting out mellow, goes into a fast, heavy  sequence, an almost alt rock normal singing, a superfast and heavy chorus,  back to the alt rock, then superfast and heavy, then mellow. strange but  great song. This is definetely an album for the revolutionary at heart. or  the plain revolutionary. from the little &quot;dedications&quot; in the  booklet before each song, to the songs themselves.  but i have to say, i  don't like how American Recordings makes all the album released under their  label have the same CD sticker design. oh well. at least it's a great CD.  so stop reading the reviews, and help out Serj, Daron, Shavo, and John,  along with the revolution. DOWN WITH THE SYSTEM!
B000002OR4|5.0|What can I say about this soundtrack that hasn't been said before? Eight years after the movie first came out, this score is still the best there is. The emotion that comes through this soundtrack is greater than can ever  be described, it works with or without the movie. It stands on its own. I  could listen to the first track a thousend times, and still not get enough.
B000001IQH|5.0|a good album..i also have Lets Go..by Rancid..i like both albums..this one has great songs all piled one on top of the other...makes you sing along..even when you cant really understand whats being said...definatle a  must for any fan of music..
6305892946|1.0|This movie had a promising beggining, but then it all went downhill. It has got to be the worst horror movie that I have ever seen, and, to tell you the truth, the ending was no big deal. The killer is-----SIDNEY'S LONG  LOST BROTHER! It would have been even more surprising if it had been  someone in the original cast! What a waste of time and money. A better film  could have been made. I will not even bother to see &quot;Scream 4&quot;,  if, god forbid, there is one.
B00004NRWH|1.0|The first song kicks...awesome. The rest of thge album was all downhill
6305807930|2.0|Dario Argento's distinctive style is a sort of Sternberg meets Roger Corman.  Although I find Argento to be a much more interesting director than Lucio Fulci's goofy if imaginative eyeball gougings, besides  SUSPIRIA, you have to be pretty taken with him to put up with his  dream-like narrative.  I can't recommend INFERNO.
6300268993|5.0|Superman II captured the essence of the comic strip it allowed us to see the superman fighting by the first time against real supervillains. When at  last it seemed that he was going to share the rest of his life together  with his loved Louise, the hell broke loose and he had to embark once again  in a fight for the future of the World. Everything is lost, General Zod,  Ursa and Luthor look unstopabble but the intellingence is more powerful  than brute force, and the Man of Steel is a very clever man.
B00004TL21|5.0|white pony is one of these albums where you have to LISTEN. get some headphones, turn it up loud and go on a journey into the musical world of the deftones. and what a world this is...<br />do you like TooL and A Perfect  Circle? well, then try the deftones, you won't be disappointed!
0790736918|3.0|Considered by many to be the ultimate western, a masterpiece, etc. Three stars for scenery, colors, actors and story - but the last two stars disappear into Monument Valley forever! Im surprised that not many have  focused on the weak spots before: in the middle of the movie John Wayne  shoots 3 men in the back! Ever seen that before? No way! The movie is  almost unbearable hateful (only softened-up by a few comic scenes)and  presents an extremely one-sided view on the indians. I would have liked it  much better, if the indian chief had been portrayed as an equal opponent  instead of a warfare imbecile. Watch the 2-3 battle-scenes carefully: If an  indian chief shows that kind of poorly lack of warfare skills - he should  have been fired as head of tribe long before the movie started!Finally,  its tiresome to watch the battles: 20-30 indians fall like flies,  sometimes 2 or 3 for each shot, while on the other side of the fence hardly  a man is hit - at the most wounded in the arm or shoulder. The  battle-scenes make it more like a cartoon than a major movie. Sorry,  Ford-fans, cant share your enthusiasm this time!
B00000CQJZ|3.0|This is a must buy for anyone who is an avid Alfred Hitchcock fan and doesn't want to spend the extra money for the Criteron editon. The picture and sound aren't perfect, but it's definitely watchable. This is a worthy  addition to any classic or Hitchcock collection.
6305892946|4.0|dljaskj sdfsf  sdfsd;lkfdls dfskdfklds sfsdfkl; sdfsfsd sdfsdf  sdfdsfsd dfsdf sdfsdf
B00000I7GH|5.0|This is the first album by one of the greatest psychedelic rock bands ever. If you've heard Floyd, the Dead, etc. and think you've heard everything you need to, get this album. The eclecticism these people  displayed makes American bands of the time sound thoroughly unadventurous.  If you've heard some Krautrock but not this, you need to hear it. Either  way- if you can appreciate unusual music, this album is essential.
B000002IZ4|4.0|Each STP album sounds a little different than the other, yet somehow they all sound the same. Interesting. Anyway, &quot;Purple&quot; is a fine album. Songs like &quot;Meatplow&quot;, &quot;Lounge Fly&quot;, and  &quot;Unglued&quot; are awesome, and they keep that hard rock feeling  essential to their first album. Other songs, such as &quot;Interstate Love  Song&quot;, and &quot;Big Empty&quot;(one of their best)are great and are  very straight-forward tunes, and some of the most memorable of the 90's,  and &quot;Pretty Penny&quot; displays a little classic rock in it, possibly  a little CSN? As for the other songs, they are also good, and the album is  very eclectic. Also, the secret song is pretty funny: I think it's called  &quot;12 Gracious Melodies&quot;, but it's from some other artist, I don't  know, now I'm just getting confusing oh, well. Buy the album anyway, it's  worth it. Later.
1556154844|5.0|Though it's been over 6 years since I read this book, I still rate it as the most effective book I've ever read to improve my coding skills.  This is truly a classic that every programmer or programmer wanna-be should  read.<br />Not only is the content excellent, but the writing makes it a  thoroughly enjoyable book to read.  You'll see errors you (or the coder  next to you) have made highlighted throughout the book.  Another coder and  myself read the book at about the same time, and we literally used it as  our Coders Bible for the next 2 years.  We had countless arguments (more  intense than most religious doctrinal debates) on the best way to construct  our code.  This book was the accepted final authority for us.<br />I highly  recommend this book to every junior programmer I come in contact with (or  hire).  It will help them avoid many of the errors most of us have learned  the hard way.
0671034065|5.0|Linda Howard's new book &quot;Mr. Perfect&quot; is all these things and more. The main characters in this book are all intelligent and very modern with a wonderful sense of humor. I loved the banter between our two main  characters, Sam and Jaine. Ms. Howard doesn't sacrafice romance or heat for  the mystery of the story. Sam and Jaine really burn up the sheets. Even  thought you know who the murderer is from the very beginning you dont's  really know who it is and the end is a wonderful twist. So on my  &quot;List&quot; for a perfect book is 1)Romance 2)Humor 3)Great characters  4)and a good story with a bit of intrigue. This book has it all. This is  going on my shelf right next to my other Howard favorites &quot;The  MacKenzie Family&quot; and &quot;The MacKenzies&quot;.
0064471047|5.0|There is more to this book than meets the eye.  You have to search deeper.  The allegory to the sacrifice of Christ is very real.  I like the fact that kids can continue to read them as they grow older.  I just wish Lewis  had written more books in the series.
B00004THAY|1.0|Ok you adult contemporary types, go ahead and rebuke my review, but you didn't really need it in the first place because you are not interested in objectivity; you are interested in agreeing with the opinions that you have  already formed. (Yeah, yeah, you Oprah and Martha Stewart loving types--you  would only know the blues if you were critically short of breath!)  &quot;Riding with the King&quot; is a sad attempt at the blues, due to Eric  and BB's feeble efforts. The album is only the best blues album in history  because it features the songwriting of Doyle Bramhall and the real guitar  genius of Andy Fairweather Low! They tear the roof off the joint! Buy this  album from Amazon now!
B0000027RL|5.0|Most people out there think that nirvana's nevermind came out before pearl jam's ten, but there wrong ten came out first.  Even though nirvana might have turen people on to the whole grunge alternitve pearl jam's ten came  first.  <br />Now about the cd, wow one of the best ever definatlly the best  debut ever.  The only cd's i like better are siamese dream by the smashing  pumpkins and vs. the follow up to this one.  This cd contains many classic  actually every song is a classic in its own way.  My personal favorites are  alive, black, and porch although all the rest are excellent as well.  If  you don' own this cd yet you should go out and shot your self in the head  with a shotgun .  Buy it on of the best cd's of all time by the BEST band  of all time
0792839676|4.0|Of all the Stephen King stories adapted into movies, this is perhaps the best. Where many of King's books portray implied or internal terror which is difficult to convey on screen (&quot;It&quot; and &quot;The  Shining&quot; come to mind), Carrie shows very real, and very visual  terror. At odds with her hyper-religious mother and outcast from her high  school classmates, Carrie's coming of age includes the onset of telekinetic  powers. Carrie's struggle for acceptance ultimately erupts in a grisly  display of rage, with a truly distrubing finale.<br />The majority of the  frightening scenes of this movie come from the heavy religious over tones,  and especially from Piper Laurie's performance as Carrie's mother. With her  piercing eyes and deranged religious enthusiasm, Piper Laurie nearly steals  the movie from the comparably subdued Spacek. As well, De Palma does an  excellent job of pacing the movie to allow for character and suspense  development.<br />With this combination of strong acting and directing, along  with the excellent adaptation of Stephen King's novel, Carrie is intense,  disturbing, and perfectly done.
B000005RSW|5.0|This is the pinnacle of Power Metal.  Manowar show off their incredible musicianship and their mastery of song writing in this brilliant release.  This was the first Manowar I bought and I have been absolutely hooked ever  since.  Joey is genius all the way through and Eric couldn't sound better.   I can't recommend this highly enough.  Now how about a domestic re-release?
B00000J2KX|5.0|Jack Nicholson's finest moments are caught in thisfilm. Stanley Kubrick's finest &quot;on the edge of your seat&quot;film.Full screen version,all it needs is 5.1 or dts although the souundtrack is not that bad as it is.It must have been , since i gave my vhs version to a friend.If you like suspence/thrillers buy this one you won't be disapointed.
B00004TEUX|5.0|Peter Maag is a very fine conductor who has a particular genius for the music of Mendelsssohn and Mozart. His performance of Mendelssohn's \\"Scottish\\" Symphony which is presented on this CD won rave  reviews when it first appeared on LP three decades ago, and it is still  regarded by many as the performance against which all others are judged.  The excerpts from \\"A Midsummer Night's Dream\\" are equally well  done. No matter what other performances of this music you may have, do  yourself a favor and get this outstanding CD.
B000007RV5|5.0|This is Limp Bizkit at it's best, Significant Other is mostly rapping, and face it, Freddy Durst can't rap!  I mean eminem runs many a circle around Fred in that area.  But on this CD, Limp's first, Fred actually does mostly  hard rocking aka. what he is good at!   I you compare  &quot;counterfeit&quot; from this CD to say &quot;N 2 Gether Now&quot;  you'll realize what fred is better at.  So I guess that's it, get this CD,  you'll not be dissapointed!
B00001U0E1|5.0|THE ONSCREEN COMMENTS ARE WONDERFUL. <br />CAVEAT: SEE THE REGULAR FILM AT LEAST TWICE BEFORE GOING TO THE COMMENTS.  DISTRACTING IF YOU TAKE THE COMMENST FIRST.<br />OTHER GREAT COMMENTS ON &quot;NOTTING HILL&quot; DVD.
B00000K19E|5.0|The cool thing about this movie is that it explains so much.  If the premise of the movie were true, i.e. that our &quot;reality&quot; is only a simulation, then everything that is supernatural, paranormal or  extra-sensory becomes plausible.  Think you're being watched?  You are.  Can Yuri Geller really melt a spoon?  In this world, definitely  &quot;yes&quot;.  Deja Vu?  Just a glitch in the matrix.  Think everything  tastes like chicken?  That's because it does.  You think the rules don't  apply to you?  Maybe they don't.  The movie challenges our perceptions and  the very notions of awareness and sentience.  &quot;I think, therfore I  am&quot; becomes &quot;I think, therefore I may be&quot;.  Nothing can be  taken for granted inside the Matrix.<br />The DVD is an extra treat.  The  movie itself is perfect for DVD with it's excellent use of Dolby 5.1  Digital and great special effects.  In addition, you will want to watch  with the commentary turned on at least once and definitely watch at least  once with the white rabbit feature turned on.<br />In the Matrix, it turns out  that the fringe elements of society - the lunatics, the paranormals, the  misfits - were right all along and the folks in the mainstream who had  achieved some measure of conventional success turned out to be the mindless  automatons.  This explains the wide spectrums of ratings in the reviews for  this movie.  Many, many people &quot;get it&quot;.  Many do not.  To the  latter group I say &quot;Wake up copper top!  The Matrix has you.&quot;
0767802470|5.0|I consider Wolfgang Petersen as one of the most talented visionary directors in the history of the cinema. 'Das Boot' is an instant classic and one of the greatest movies I have ever had the honor of viewing. The  atmosphere, characters, situations, and attention to detail make this movie  a must watch...especially since the DVD has English dubbing for you non  German speakers. The story is simple...but OH So powerfull. A submarine  sets off from port on its dangerous voyage of seek-and-destroy. At first,  the mariners are eager and youthful...but as time passes and they sink  their first ship, they become aware of the horrors of war and age into old  men from within. Soon after, they receive a special order to penetrate the  narrow Gibraltar Strait and thus set off for what has become one of the  most memorable collection of events in movie history.<br />'Das Boot' captures  the dissilusionment that grows like the mold within the submarine, the  horror of the submarine moniker 'floating coffins', and the human spirit  that prevails.<br />If this movie does not touch you, if this movie does not  move you, if this movie does not inspire you, then you must be cold- dead.
B000023VR6|5.0|It has almost been a decade since &quot;the Chronic&quot;, but it was worth waiting for.  All 22 tracks are very good, and the production is perfect.  Dr. Dre has done a great job making a perfect rap cd in a world  of sub-par production.  I'm very glad that Dre took his time with this one  instead of just rushing out a cd to expand on &quot;The Chronic&quot;'s  success.<br />If you like rap you will enjoy this album.  My only gripe is  that there is to much Eminem on this cd.  If I wanted to listen to Eminem I  would have bought his cd.
B000005S37|4.0|This album provides astonishingly accurate insights into the global economics of today's multinational financial institutions. How Reed was able to predict future events in such a highly accurate manner is both  intriguing and frightening. An essential, timely piece which everyone  interested in global financial politics should listen to immediately.
B00000JCB2|1.0|I don't know what to say about this.  How these guys got popular I will never know.  Fred Durst can't sing or rap or whatever it is that he tries to do.  The band can't play their instuments.  I've honestly heard better  musicians at my high school.  The songs have weak lyrics with little  meaning.  I don't even know what kind of music it is supposed to be for  sure.  Its not rap, alternative, heavy metal, or pop.  Its pretty much just  noise.   My friend told me these guys rocked so I bought the cd.  When I  popped it in, I was like &quot;what the heck is this? &quot;.  In my  opinion it is just porly produced garbage.  I would avoid this one if I  were you.  Get Slipknot instead.
B0000024SI|5.0|absolutely shocking. from the hot, stormy &quot;like a rolling stone&quot; to the absolutely dense lyrics and majesty of &quot;desolation row&quot;. one of his best achievements, nearly comparable to Blonde on Blonde. you  are losing too much if you haven't listen to this jewel.<br />   In the  middle, the viscerality and power of &quot;tombstone blues&quot;, the  emotive &quot;it takes too long to laugh, it takes a train to cry&quot;;  the melancholy and irony of &quot;Ballad of a Thin Man&quot;; the wonderful  and fairy &quot;Queen Jane Approximately&quot;; the blues rock with no  concessions &quot;From a Buick 6&quot; and the sarcastic and rhythmic  &quot;Highway 61&quot;; and the pretty &quot;Just like Tom Thumb  Blues&quot;.<br />Disarming...
B00003W8NM|4.0|The `machismo factor,' though it lies at the root of virtually every shoot-em-up war film, western and action picture Hollywood has ever  produced, has, strangely enough, gone largely unexamined in films as a  subject itself. `Fight Club' becomes one of the first movies to actually  address the issue, bluntly and directly. Before it eventually spins out of  control, this provocative film audaciously confronts a disturbing, but  truly pertinent anthropological issue: in a society that, for purposes of  its own survival, actively discourages violent behavior, is it possible for  a man, conditioned by eons of innate but ever increasingly repressed  `hunter/gatherer' instincts, to ever cut himself loose and be true to his  real nature? And if he doesn't, can he be said to ever be a `real man,' or  is he simply a hollow shell allowing society to determine what he values  and how he lives?<br />Edward Norton stars as Jack, a man so softened by the  amenities of a modern technological culture that he has even replaced  pornography with the IKEA catalogue. As far from his barbaric ancestral  roots as any man worthy of the label can be, Jack has turned to haunting  feel-good support groups to fill the void his empty life devoted to  meaningless culture-driven values has created for him. Suddenly, into his  life walks Tyler (Brad Pitt), a sardonic, tough talking thug, the total  antithesis to Jack and a man completely in touch with his male-based  instinctive need for simple hand-to-hand physical confrontation. Together,  the two set up an underground club designed to give men like Jack the  opportunity to beat the living crud out of each other and therein find  their way back to their true primordial selves.<br />Not only does `Fight  Club' explore a fascinating and long-overdue theme, it insidiously lures us  in to the glamorous excitement of the fight scenes themselves. Much as we  may resist their pull, we are so appalled by the alternative we are shown  in the form of Jack's drearily routine office environment, the stifling  conformity of his decorator-influenced, perfectly coordinated apartment and  the self-aggrandizing emotionalism of the many support groups he visits  that we feel as liberated as he does by the simple physical aggression of  the unregulated bouts. This is the genius of the film: it makes us just as  cognizant of the compromises we ourselves routinely make to social norms as  it does Jack. What is most impressive is that the film could easily have  turned into just another cautionary tale, a violent tract warning us of the  dangers of allowing these instincts to run amok. Instead, the filmmakers  have been careful to keep most of the activity in the realm of  self-contained mano-a-mano confrontations. In fact, the club members do not  employ guns, and, for the most part, scrupulously avoid hurting innocent  bystanders or killing anyone. (Just for the record, this controversial work  is actually a much less violent film than most of what passes for benign  action cinema these days). Although there are a few steps taken by the  group in the direction of involving outsiders in provoked fights and  eventually detonating some empty buildings - these are, by the way, the  least authentic sections of the film - the violence really doesn't extend  much beyond the confines of the club itself. Thus we are spared the  tiresome moralizing one might expect from a film exploring this  theme.<br />Where, then, does the film ultimately come out on this issue? Is  `Fight Club' a socially irresponsible call for the unfettered use of  violence to create societal chaos, or is it a sly black comic vision of a  world gone crazy intended to highlight the dangers of just such a  situation? The answer to that question is really not an easy one to come  by, for the film itself loses its way in its final half hour. Having set up  this fascinating premise, `Fight Club' decides, rather inexplicably, to go  the sci-fi route, setting up a Jekyll and Hyde situation that both  undercuts the seriousness of the theme and spells the message out in far  too simplistic terms. Also, unlike in `The Sixth Sense,' the surprise  turnabout ending doesn't make sense in the logical context of the story.  Are we to actually assume that Jack has been fighting HIMSELF all this  time? It is true that the dark comedy flavor that runs throughout the film  does create a world where the improbable can be made possible. But the  suspension of disbelief required by the final acts of this film places far  too heavy a burden on the audience to make the drastic shift in tone truly  work.<br />Special note should indeed be made of the extraordinary  performances of Brad Pitt and Edward Norton. Pitt, in one of his finest  roles to date, conveys the macho hard-edged physicality and sardonic charm  necessary to lure these men to his way of thinking. Norton always keeps his  character focused and life-sized, allowing Tyler to exploit these inner  yearnings yet remaining enough on the outside to continually question the  validity of his actions.<br />`Fight Club,' for all its imperfections and  moments of confusion, deserves credit for finally attempting to explore a  theme too often exploited but rarely examined by Hollywood. The film  provides some real food for thought and, in all honesty, how many movies  can you truly say that about?yll and Hyde situation that both  undercuts the seriousness of the theme and spells the message out in far  too simplistic terms. Also, unlike in `The Sixth Sense,' the surprise  turnabout ending doesn't make sense in the logical context of the story.  Are we to actually assume that Jack has been fighting HIMSELF all this  time? It is true that the dark comedy flavor that runs throughout the film  does create a world where the improbable can be made possible. But the  suspension of disbelief required by the final acts of this film places far  too heavy a burden on the audience to make the drastic shift in tone truly  work.<br />Special note should indeed be made of the extraordinary  performances of Brad Pitt and Edward Norton. Pitt, in one of his finest  roles to date, conveys the macho hard-edged physicality and sardonic charm  necessary to lure these men to his way of thinking. Norton always keeps his  character focused and life-sized, allowing Tyler to exploit these inner  yearnings yet remaining enough on the outside to continually question the  validity of his actions.<br />`Fight Club,' for all its imperfections and  moments of confusion, deserves credit for finally attempting to explore a  theme too often exploited but rarely examined by Hollywood. The film  provides some real food for thought and, in all honesty, how many movies  can you truly say that about?
B00004RIV4|4.0|Again, the absence of one star's 'cause not all of the tracks were equally strong, not to mention that (As my headline implies) the album is not easy to swallow at first listen, but  there were many great moments. The album  opens with the gentle &quot;Radio Moscow&quot; (The first in several  instrumental or semiinstrumental tracks that come now &amp; then on the  album, most of them are really wacky), which's followed by the funky Earth,  Wind &amp; Firestyle (Well, kinda) second single &quot;Pure Pleasure  Seeker&quot;. &quot;Absent Minded Friends&quot; sounds like an extragroovy  Portishead track, whilst &quot;Indigo&quot; is just pure odd; But even  though most people consider these first couple of tracks as strong ones  (Which's true), I found the ballads &quot;Being Is Bewildering&quot; &amp;  &quot;A Drop In The Ocean&quot;, &amp; also the 1980'sesque &quot;Dumb  Inc.&quot; brilliant aswell. &quot;The Time Is Now&quot;, single or not,  just has to be one of the best tracks on the album with its guitar intro  &amp; its wonderful stringarrangment, whilst &quot;If You Have A Cross To  Bear You Might As Well Use It As A Crutch&quot; is just hilarious &amp;  &quot;Somebody Soemwhere&quot; is definitely a funky lil' tune. Roisin's  voice &amp; lyrics are very powerful, especially on &quot;Mother&quot;  (After you'll hear it you'll think twice before you're getting angry at  your mom, let me tell ya that); &amp; Mark Brydon is simply a man who does  his job perfectly well. BEWARE: This album is only suitable for people with  an open mind. People who expect a loadfull of Boris remixed &quot;Sing It  Back&quot;like tracks shall stay away.
B00003CWPR|3.0|Is it heresy or sacrilege to suggest at this late date - and particularly in light of his recent death - that Stanley Kubrick's films have almost  always been better at promising greatness than delivering it? Almost  without exception, Kubrick's carefully crafted works have emerged as  brilliantly clinical &quot;exercises&quot; rather than fully involving  works of timeless art. Audacious, visionary, always willing to push the  envelope and challenge an audience to go where it may not want to - these  are the hallmarks of Kubrick's directorial genius. But, along with these  virtues, comes a heavy list of counterweighing weaknesses that somehow  distance an audience emotionally from what is occurring on the screen:  pretentiousness, laborious pacing, narrative choppiness, often static  camerawork.<br />&quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; fits perfectly into this standard  Kubrick mold. Starting with a fascinating premise, Kubrick takes his  audience into unexpected and challenging directions, yet fails to really  cope with the complexities of the theme and make the audience care. Tom  Cruise and Nicole Kidman portray a young, upwardly mobil couple, who live  in New York City with their young daughter. When Kidman, in one of the  year's best scenes, reveals in a wrenching monologue that she has had  serious thoughts of infidelity, Cruise discovers he can't cope with the  visions this admission conjurs up. Thus, he embarks on a sexual odyssey  through the streets of the city which leads him into many bizarre and  unexpected avenues of depravity including a club made up of the idle rich  dressed in costumes and masks who stage orgies replete with secret  passwords and portentous organ music.<br />The problem lies essentially with  the Kubrick/Frederick Rafael screenplay which can't seem to connect these  scenes of flamboyant nastiness with the theme that is at the film's core.  Cruise drifts into each of his adventures out of an understandable urge to  experience this world of sexual perversity, but he seems to end up as a  passive observer each time, with little or no revelation registered. This  concept - of examining the effect that even implied infidelity can have on  relationship - is such a rich one that it becomes a shame to see it buried  under these scenes of often extraneous ostentation. Kubrick seems so  enamored of his little &quot;visions&quot; that they begin to dominate the  proceedings and bury the theme and the characters. This weakness is  reflected in the film's far too tidy resolution, which is thoroughly  unconvincing from a psychological viewpoint and makes one wonder how  Kubrick could linger so long over scenes with no purpose beyond the  sensational yet take so little time with the one that truly matters.<br />Cruise and Kidman both turn in fine performances, but Sydney Pollack, as  a wealthy friend who later in the film sets Cruise straight, hams it up  shamelessly. The music is hauntingly effective and helps immeasureably to  establish and sustain an atmosphere of portentous weirdness.<br />The title  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; will not describe most people in the audience -  Kubrick is too skilled at creating an always riveting visual motif for that  - but, for me, it will serve as a lasting testament less to his genius than  to his maddening inability to fulfill his always great promise.sexual perversity, but he seems to end up as a  passive observer each time, with little or no revelation registered. This  concept - of examining the effect that even implied infidelity can have on  relationship - is such a rich one that it becomes a shame to see it buried  under these scenes of often extraneous ostentation. Kubrick seems so  enamored of his little &quot;visions&quot; that they begin to dominate the  proceedings and bury the theme and the characters. This weakness is  reflected in the film's far too tidy resolution, which is thoroughly  unconvincing from a psychological viewpoint and makes one wonder how  Kubrick could linger so long over scenes with no purpose beyond the  sensational yet take so little time with the one that truly matters.  <br />Cruise and Kidman both turn in fine performances, but Sydney Pollack, as  a wealthy friend who later in the film sets Cruise straight, hams it up  shamelessly. The music is hauntingly effective and helps immeasureably to  establish and sustain an atmosphere of portentous weirdness. <br />The title  &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; will not describe most people in the audience -  Kubrick is too skilled at creating an always riveting visual motif for that  - but, for me, it will serve as a lasting testament less to his genius than  to his maddening inability to fulfill his always great promise.
B00004RIV4|4.0|Again, the absence of one star's 'cause not all of the tracks were equally strong, not to mention that (As my headline implies) the album is not easy to swallow at first listen, but  there were many great moments. The album  opens with the gentle &quot;Radio Moscow&quot; (The first in several  instrumental or semiinstrumental tracks that come now &amp; then on the  album, most of them are really wacky), which's followed by the funky Earth,  Wind &amp; Firestyle (Well, kinda) second single &quot;Pure Pleasure  Seeker&quot;. &quot;Absent Minded Friends&quot; sounds like an extragroovy  Portishead track, whilst &quot;Indigo&quot; is just pure odd; But even  though most people consider these first couple of tracks as strong ones  (Which's true), I found the ballads &quot;Being Is Bewildering&quot; &amp;  &quot;A Drop In The Ocean&quot;, &amp; also the 1980'sesque &quot;Dumb  Inc.&quot; brilliant aswell. &quot;The Time Is Now&quot;, single or not,  just has to be one of the best tracks on the album with its guitar intro  &amp; its wonderful stringarrangment, whilst &quot;If You Have A Cross To  Bear You Might As Well Use It As A Crutch&quot; is just hilarious &amp;  &quot;Somebody Soemwhere&quot; is definitely a funky lil' tune. Roisin's  voice &amp; lyrics are very powerful, especially on &quot;Mother&quot;  (After you'll hear it you'll think twice before you're getting angry at  your mom, let me tell ya that); &amp; Mark Brydon is simply a man who does  his job perfectly well. BEWARE: This album is only suitable for people with  an open mind. People who expect a loadfull of Boris remixed &quot;Sing It  Back&quot;like tracks shall stay away.
0783235380|3.0|In &quot;Forces of Nature,&quot; Ben Affleck stars as Ben, a repressed,  buttoned-up stuffed shirt writer who, through a series of natural and  manmade mishaps, ends up spending the several days before his impending  marriage in the company of a freespirited, totally spontaneous and  liberated young woman named Sarah, played by Sandra Bullock.<br />For the  vast majority of the film's running time, the screenplay follows the  conventions of the opposites-attract scenario almost slavishly. The script  even provides Ben's fiancee with an overly-convenient replacement in the  form of a now-hunky childhood friend she has not seen in years who  rekindles sparks with her on the eve of the wedding.<br />Thus, with the  troublesome fiance conveniently out of the way, the stage is set for the  predictable true love romantic finale. But, damn, if the writers don't pull  the rug out from under us and shatter the time-honored cliche. This is  particularly surprising because, up to now, the film has exhibited no trace  of iconoclasm in either its plot or character development. In fact, the  screenplay is less a full-fledged narrative than a series of photographic  montage sequences strung lazily together as Ben and Sarah engage in one  cutesy situation and encounter after another. Thus, the unconventionality  of the resolution comes as an even more stunning surprise than it otherwise  might.<br />Affleck and Bullock are very appealing as two young people who  complement each other's strengths and weaknesses and who learn to offer one  another valuable life lessons. &quot;Forces of Nature&quot; emerges as one  of those rare films that is, perhaps, actually better in retrospect than in  the watching.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Yeah there is just way to much contriversy on this album.  It is after all not real and he is joking on all the bad things he says. The album itself is great.  The song &quot;STAN&quot; is great.  Some people like  &quot;STAN&quot; take theses songs way to seriously. The Song  &quot;KIM&quot; that is actually a somewhat true song that actually did  happen he did exadurate alot but some off that happend after Hailey was  born.
B00003CWOL|3.0|Most movies fail because they attempt too little; `Dogma' fails because it attempts too much. Given the option, I much prefer a film that goes down  fighting to one that capitulates even before the battle has begun.  Nevertheless, a miss is still a miss and `Dogma' falls far short of the  potential it displays so admirably in its first half. What begins as a  wildly original, audacious and subtle satire about the place of  institutionalized religion in modern American life, suddenly collapses  midway into an undisciplined, unfocused and unfunny action  comedy.<br />Written and directed by Kevin Smith and boasting a topnotch cast  of sizzling hot young actors, `Dogma' chronicles the attempt of two  renegade angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) to sneak back into heaven  under the auspices of an offer of `plenary indulgence' that a New Jersey  Catholic Church has set up as a come-on to beef up its membership roles.  The problem lies in the fact that, if these two are successful, they will  prove God fallible for the first time, thus resulting in the termination of  all existence. Linda Fiorentino, in the film's most compelling performance,  is the innocent young woman chosen to fulfill the modern Christ role by  preventing the angels from passing through the church portals - although,  in this case, it is SHE who has been sent on a mission to save God, thus  evening up the score apparently.<br />The early sections of the film, as Smith  lacerates much of the hypocrisy of organized religion, while at the same  time, forcing us to evaluate anew the basis of much of Christianity's  theological underpinnings, represent satirical filmmaking at its boldest  and most creative. Much of the humor derives from the flippant irreverence  and utter domestication exhibited by these dual bands of ragtag celestial  and earthbound beings (one the angels, the other comprised of the woman,  Bethany, an original thirteenth apostle, a muse and two terrestrial  prophets). The film takes on an almost Oz-like quality as Bethany and her  escorts fight off hostile forces bent on keeping them from arriving at  their destination (in this case, not the Emerald City, but a gothic New  Jersey cathedral).<br />Unfortunately, about halfway through the film a scene  occurs that breaks the spell and sets the movie off completely in the wrong  direction. While our intrepid pilgrims are sitting in a local nudie bar, a  scatological demon emerges from the toilet in the restroom and wreaks havoc  on the place and the people in attendance. Suddenly, what started out as an  intellectually challenging comedy of ideas degenerates into a lame  action/adventure tale filled with overblown special effects, almost on a  par with, heaven help us, `Mystery Men.' This mood-shattering sequence  becomes the blueprint for much of the film that follows, as the action  becomes more and more inane, bloody and absurd and the humor,  unfortunately, follows suit. The initial tone of sly satirical wit becomes  lost in a welter of pointless explosions, decapitations and the like, with  slapstick replacing the earlier thought-provoking cleverness. Thus, what  promises to be one of the very finest, most ingenious and most original  films of 1999, sadly, emerges as one the most frustrating and  disappointing. There is one consolation perhaps: the devout Catholics, who  might indeed have taken umbrage at the searing attacks on their religion in  the early sections of the film are unlikely to care by the end, as the film  devolves more and more into unfocused silliness. The film, by going so over  the top, actually weakens its effect as either corrective or corrosive  satire the farther it gets away from reality. In this case, Smith has  really no one but himself to blame. Rarely has a film of such quality and  promise derailed itself so completely as `Dogma.'an almost Oz-like quality as Bethany and her  escorts fight off hostile forces bent on keeping them from arriving at  their destination (in this case, not the Emerald City, but a gothic New  Jersey cathedral).<br />Unfortunately, about halfway through the film a scene  occurs that breaks the spell and sets the movie off completely in the wrong  direction. While our intrepid pilgrims are sitting in a local nudie bar, a  scatological demon emerges from the toilet in the restroom and wreaks havoc  on the place and the people in attendance. Suddenly, what started out as an  intellectually challenging comedy of ideas degenerates into a lame  action/adventure tale filled with overblown special effects, almost on a  par with, heaven help us, `Mystery Men.' This mood-shattering sequence  becomes the blueprint for much of the film that follows, as the action  becomes more and more inane, bloody and absurd and the humor,  unfortunately, follows suit. The initial tone of sly satirical wit becomes  lost in a welter of pointless explosions, decapitations and the like, with  slapstick replacing the earlier thought-provoking cleverness. Thus, what  promises to be one of the very finest, most ingenious and most original  films of 1999, sadly, emerges as one the most frustrating and  disappointing. There is one consolation perhaps: the devout Catholics, who  might indeed have taken umbrage at the searing attacks on their religion in  the early sections of the film are unlikely to care by the end, as the film  devolves more and more into unfocused silliness. The film, by going so over  the top, actually weakens its effect as either corrective or corrosive  satire the farther it gets away from reality. In this case, Smith has  really no one but himself to blame. Rarely has a film of such quality and  promise derailed itself so completely as `Dogma.'
B00001OH7X|4.0|Many may diverge in opinions about this album. I particularly liked it, since Bowie's flertation with world music was successful. From the  &quot;Fantastic Voyage&quot;, to the tribal &quot;African night  flights&quot;, and the conventional, emotive &quot;Look back in anger&quot;
630562285X|2.0|The &quot;heist&quot; plot has been a staple of movies down through the decades, including such films as &quot;Rififi,&quot; &quot;Topkapi,&quot;  &quot;Gambit,&quot; &quot;How to Steal a Million,&quot; &quot;The Hot  Rock&quot; ad infinitum. In most cases, the object of the carefully crafted  theft usually involved priceless jewels or artwork. In the latest  installment, &quot;Entrapment,&quot; there are indeed valuable tangible  works to be lifted, but, in the style of true '90's thievery, the real  goldmine lies in the more abstract vein of computer banking and currency  transfer. Alas, the aptly named &quot;Entrapment&quot; falls into a trap of  its own making, gussying up a hopelessly conventional script with a display  of impressive computer hardware and eyeboggling gadgetry in a vain attempt  to overcome dull, barely believable characters and a script totally devoid  of the cleverness and wit necessary to carry this sort of story off.<br />Sean  Connery and the beautiful Catherine Zeta-Jones portray accomplished thieves  who, after a customary skirmish of mutual doubt and suspicion, decide to  steal first a priceless Chinese mask and then $8 billion from the Southeast  Bank in Koala Lampur. To give the film's its patina of contemporary  relevance, the script inserts timely references to Y2K and the millennial  bug - all to no avail. For unfortunately, Connery and Zeta-Jones, though  both very charismatic stars in other circumstances, do not register high on  the credibility scale here. It is hard to believe that this doddering dolt  and this whiny, weepy fashionplate could possible concoct, let alone carry  out, such elaborate heists and even gravity-defying stunts. Even less  believable are the romantic interludes between this 60-year old man and  this 20-something year old woman. The scenes in which Connery trains Jones  to perform elaborate tricks of physical dexterity are dull and cutesy - and  the final scene of reconciliation (at an empty train station) is so  hopelessly contrived that the filmmakers seem to have thrown all logic out  the window and allow the characters to perform feats that actually defy the  laws of physical possibility.<br />The basic purpose of &quot;Entrapment&quot;  seems to have been to allow two likable actors the chance to cavort in a  myriad of eyepopping settings and to dazzle the audience with the latest in  technocyber hardware. It's too bad that the less techno value of a solid  script driven by smart dialogue and well developed characters was not  downloaded into this film as well.is so  hopelessly contrived that the filmmakers seem to have thrown all logic out  the window and allow the characters to perform feats that actually defy the  laws of physical possibility.<br />The basic purpose of &quot;Entrapment&quot;  seems to have been to allow two likable actors the chance to cavort in a  myriad of eyepopping settings and to dazzle the audience with the latest in  technocyber hardware. It's too bad that the less techno value of a solid  script driven by smart dialogue and well developed characters was not  downloaded into this film as well.
B00001OH7U|4.0|Bowie's endless tries to obtain succes at the American Charts resulted on this great record. After the flamboyant glam-rock era, Bowie, predicting its decadence, dove into soul music, inventing for himself a new alter-ego:  Thin White Duke. There is no bad song in this record, and if one had to  chose only one Bowie record from his soul period, this should be the one,  for sure. Highlights: &quot;Station to station&quot;, &quot;TVC15&quot;,  &quot;Stay&quot;, and the Elvis-like &quot;Golden Years&quot;.
B00000K31V|3.0|David Cronenberg's &quot;eXistenZ&quot; is one of those films that falters badly during much of its running time, but which redeems itself with a cleverly revelatory ending that explains and justifies some of the seeming  nonsense that has come before it.<br />Joining an increasingly long list of  thrillers dealing with the concept of virtual reality, this latest  Cronenberg effort raises an increasingly disturbing question: will cyber  &quot;reality&quot; ever advance to the stage where it becomes  indistinguishable from &quot;true&quot; reality? In an earlier time, this  theme usually developed along the lines of dream vs. conscious reality,  wherein characters would become caught in dreams within dreams with the  hapless victim ultimately left in a state of perpetual confusion and  desperation. Now, this theme has moved into the realm of cyber reality  (i.e. &quot;The Matrix&quot;) but the essential question still remains -  only now the issue is a more complex one because, unlike dreams which exist  beyond the control of the dreamer, cyber reality is a conscious outgrowth  of mankind's quest for ever increasing technology, employed in the purpose  of achieving more leisure time gratification. Soon, novels and movies will  become passe as ordinary citizens take on the virtual reality roles of  daredevil adventurers or irresistable romantic heroes. In many ways, this  theme was touched upon as long ago as 1983 in the film  &quot;Brainstorm&quot;, which, in retrospect, seems to become more and more  prescient in its view of a world laying just a few decades down the  road.<br />Unfortunately, &quot;eXistenZ&quot; works mostly in retrospect  itself. Too much of the film borders on the ludicrous and incomprehensible  and Cronenberg needs to begin to shed his junior high level obsession with  goop and gore. However, when the &quot;reality&quot; of the film is finally  revealled, much of what has occured previously begins to seem justified and  the audience does leave the film with some food for thought. Also,  Cronenberg continues to explore the motif of bizarre sexuality he exploited  to the full in his last film, &quot;Crash&quot;. Here, sex is as simulated  as all other virtual reality activities, with the computer game  &quot;plug-ins&quot; and receptors functioning as substitutes for the more  traditional sexual organs.<br />&quot;eXistenZ&quot; may provoke more giggles  than gasps during much of its running time, but it is a film worth sticking  with to its rewarding conclusion.the film with some food for thought. Also,  Cronenberg continues to explore the motif of bizarre sexuality he exploited  to the full in his last film, &quot;Crash&quot;. Here, sex is as simulated  as all other virtual reality activities, with the computer game  &quot;plug-ins&quot; and receptors functioning as substitutes for the more  traditional sexual organs.<br />&quot;eXistenZ&quot; may provoke more giggles  than gasps during much of its running time, but it is a film worth sticking  with to its rewarding conclusion.
B00001OH7V|5.0|Working with the fabulous art-rocker, avant-garde musician Brian Eno (Roxy Music ex-keyboardist), Bowie gave birth to this terrific record. The opening song remains alive as a love hymn. It is said that the inspiration  for the melancholic, electronic sounds of this album came from Bowie's  observation of Turkish immigrants who lived in Berlin, their loneliness,  and isolation feeling. This album's eventually became Joy Division's bible,  and a guide for the forthcoming &quot;cold wave&quot;. Touching,  innovative, beautiful.
B00004T9UH|5.0|I LOVE EMINEM! THIS CD IS GREAT!  EMINEM IS SO TALENTED AND HOT, IF U LIKE WEST COAST RAP BUY THIS CD!  I LUV HIM!
B00001OH7Y|3.0|A powerful rock album, with beautiful ballads (&quot;Teenage wildlife&quot;) and hard (?) songs, such as &quot;Scary monsters&quot;. It is, though, one of Bowie's essential records. Highlight: &quot;Ashes to  ashes&quot;, a superb track, with bitter, almost regretful lyrics (&quot;we  know Major Tom's a junkie&quot;).
B000002UAU|5.0|This album is, hands down, the most influential and amazing rock creation of all time.  Aside from being a landmark record in rock, the first of its type, each tune demonstrates brilliance of its own.  The first track, Sgt.  Pepper, is an amazing true rock composition, with blaring guitar and a  powerful use of vocals.  The second track, With a Little Help..., is, as  well as being a known TV theme song, an extraordinary musical piece.  The  following song, Lennon's Lucy in the Sky, is the first of its time.  With  overdubs, mixtures of different takes, heavy echo, and cut tapes, it truly  demonstrates master production, as well as true musical genius.  It's  Getting Better and Fixing a Hole are both McCartney songs, and so,  demonstrate his musical prowess.  The powerful tunes, coupled with the  amazing effects, demonstrate true Beatles brilliance.  She's Leaving Home  and Mr. Kite both use the background orchestra to its full capacity.  Along  with the sheer beauty of the tunes and and the stream-like flowingness of  the orchestra, both have creative lyrics, one serious, the other one  humorous.  The next track, Harrison's sole contribution to the album, is a  beautiful piece of music.  Within You, Without You, has great lyrics, but  the true power is in the music.  The sitar, or whatever instrument it may  be, creates this song and exalts it as one of rock's most amazing tune.   When I'm Sixty-Four, one of this album's most known songs, although the  lyrics are not amazing, demonstrates true human feeling and brilliant  musical imagination.  The next tracks, Lovely Rita and Good Morning Good  Morning, are powercharged rock songs with powerful tunes.  The twelfth  track, Sgt. Pepper Reprise, brings us out of the Sgt. Pepper stance and  back to the real world with it's insanely powerful starting guitar.   Finally, the record is summed up into one song: A Day in the Life.  The  Magnum Opus of individual Beatles songs concludes the Magnum Opus of  Beatles records.  Divided into three parts, and a finale, this song,  co-written by Lennon and McCartney, shows The Beatles at their highest.   Lennon's main parts of the song, based on real newspaper articles, describe  England at the time.  McCartney's middle piece shows a London individual's  normal day.  The finale, ending with the crashing piano note, marks the end  of the song -- but not the track.  This is marked by a high-pitched note  put there only to annoy your dog, and Beatles chatter cut and put back  together to make gibberish.  This song demonstrates the most musical genius  of any rock group, creating a piece which can be listened to over and over.  This album is an amazing album, and the 755 hours in which it was recorded  were the most creative and brilliant hours in rock history.  The Beatles at  their height, this album is recommended to everybody.
B00001OH7P|5.0|THE most essential album from the seventies. If ever the world should fall apart, and you had to chose one album to take with you to another planet, be sure to chose this revolutionary masterpiece. One of the first (if not  the first) concept album, with a structure similar to a musical movie, it  starts with the apocalyptical &quot;Five years&quot;, and closes with the  tragic, naffly melodramatical &quot;Rock'n'roll suicide&quot;. In between,  there are glam rock pearls (and, eventually, classic anthems of rock  music), such as &quot;Lady Stardust&quot;, &quot;Moonage Daydream&quot;,  &quot;Five Years&quot;, etc. This EMI Re-Release is better than Ryko's in  therms of quality. Nevertheless it is impossible not to feel the absence of  the b-sides in Ryko's version (among those, the genre-bending &quot;John,  I'm Only Dancing&quot;, and &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot; demo version). A  must in anyone's record collection.
B00004SCX6|5.0|There have been a few reviews saying that everyone is buying the CD because of Britney's good looks. If that were all I was interested in, I would buy a magazine or someting. I actually bought this CD for the music, I love this music. Oops, Lucky, Stronger are all awesome, the whole CD is.  I actually like Britney's voice, it is just lower than her peer's voices.  And millions of fans around the world agree with me. If it not your type of  music then fine, but its sad that you have to vent your jealousy for  Britney. You aren't preventing anyone from buying the CD, cause  anyone who considers buying this CD will love it... I promise.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|If you're looking for a DVD to show off your home theatre system this is the one!  <br />Even better, when you need to regain some perspective on the human condition and your place in the world this movie is the one.   <br />Truly stunning work.  Do yourself a favor and pick this one up on DVD.
0767903854|4.0|Bill Bryson has an excellent way with words, especially with his descriptive writing.  For a travel writer, I suppose this is a must.  He's also a humorist, and I laughed out loud on at least a half a dozen  occasions while enjoying his adventures down under.  Particularly amusing  were his descriptions of a Cricket match, of a particularly bad hotel in  Darwin and and of a drunken night in the Outback.  He also gives a fine  overall view of Austrailia, of which he covered much, but alas not nearly  as much as he wanted.  Though some might gripe that he spends too much time  ruminating over the poisonous wildlife and looking for a cold beer, overall  this is an exceptionally fun book to read.  He includes many historical  facts about Australia and even devotes some space to the unfortunate  condition of the Aborigines.  But not too much to spoil the fun.  Bryson's  travel writings remind me of an apolitical P.J. O'Rourke, and for that he's  worth a read.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I was amazed at how good this cd was. After his first cd only had two or three good songs on it I was only expecting about four good songs on it. However almost every song is great! This cd is also one of the funniest  ones I own. Although it is not for young children Eminem makes you laugh so  much ( like AMERICAN PIE funny). The songs are great. The intensity he puts  in the song make it a great cd. I would recomend this cd for all people who  like rap and comedy.
B00003CXAR|4.0|I purchased the 25th anniversary DVD hoping for some great extras.  I knew I was getting a great movie.  And the movie is great.  Also, the picture quality is excellent.  And I just noticed how necessary the widescreen  actually is with this movie because you would miss a lot of the action  without widescreen.  We all know the movie which definitely stands up to  the tests of time.  The performances are great, particularly that of Robert  Shaw whose Quint is portrayed as not-quite-sane but not totally over the  line.  And does anyone not tense up when they hear John Williams' music and  know that the shark is in the area once again?  This is definitely one of  the best movies of all time, definitely one to buy and keep.  I just wish I  could give this DVD 5 stars, but for a 25th anniversary release I really  expected more.  What about more outtakes?  What about an alternate audio  with commentary by the director and one of the stars?  And, BTW, why didn't  we get a summer theatrical release for the 25th anniversary?  Well, it's  too late now.  Buy the DVD for the movie, but don't expect much else.
6303212379|5.0|::sigh:: The Goonies. One of my classic childhood films (others include Labyrinth, Return to Oz- as you can see i like my films to have a 'so bad they're good' element to them!). I love this film and take any opportunity  to watch it. My friend's are now used to my frequent quoting of this film,  my most regular phrase being: 'come on, come on- where are u? You are in  the clouds, and we are in a basement' But I can also quote many others!  This film is funny from the opening scenes, right to the end. I found sloth  (heeeyyyy u guys) funny, but i do have friends who found him terrifying and  refuse to watch the film!  Howeveer I'd recommend this film to everyone. I  really want to see these missing scenes and so I'll have a look for them on  the net. You think it's bad missing those scenes- you should try watching  the edited version that is shown on Brittish TV!  No Spanish translation,  no dead guy..........it's *so* bad!  They're not letting the young brits  see the full excellence of this film!
0767903854|5.0|The witty Mr. Bryson brings the outback of Australia to one's living room and you will no doubt enjoy the privilege.  His always fresh outlook on people, places and things is particularly charming and by the end of this  book, you will come away having laughed, and, most importantly, learned.  A  truly informative work... made me want to go there.
0553213105|5.0|&quot;It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife&quot;.  That's how my favourite book of all time begins, and it just keeps getting  better.<br />This novel deals with the pride and prejudices of the main  characters Miss Elizabeth Bennett, and Mr. Darcy, as they try to find true  love in pre-Victorian England.  Elizabeth is a gentleman's daughter and Mr.  Darcy is a gentleman, but Elizabeth, along with the rest of her sisters,  are not good catches because, their inheritance is being entailed away to  their cousin Mr. Collins, leaving them with very miserable looking dowries.  Along with poor family connections, they stand little chance of marrying  well or at all; they only have their charms to help them.<br />That is until  Mr. Bingley moves into the neighborhood along with his sisters, and  accompanying them his close friend Mr. Darcy.  Mr. Bingley becomes  captivated with Jane Bennett, Elizabeth's eldest sister, and Mr. Darcy has  an eye for Elizabeth herself, but can he see past her poor conditions, and  can she see past his pride in order for them to get together?  That's the  question that keeps the audience captivated right up to the end.<br />I try  and find time to read this book at least once a year, and I've been doing  that for a few years, and yet, it's always fresh when a get around to  reading it.
B00000JCB3|5.0|This CD is the best I've ever purchased; the best 'fast' songs are just like this, nookie, break stuff, 9 teen 90 nine(best song in the cd), and show me what you got. N 2 Gether now is a cool rap song which features  method man. I'm broke would be a really cool song if it wasnt for the  stupid chorus.. he says &quot;im broookkkeeeeeee&quot; overall this is a  excellent cd and worth your money. If you like this, check out Papa Roach's  &quot;Infest&quot; CD
B00003W8NM|1.0|I am a huge Edward Norton fan so of course when this movie cameout I rushed to see it.  That was the biggest mistake ever.  It wasjust too weird for me.  I usually like movies with unsuprising endings but this went too far.  The acting was great but the story was lacking.  Lastly, THIS IS THE MOST OVERRATED MOVIE OF ALL TIME!
0062502182|5.0|This book taught me one big lesson and that is we have to be patient and should have the &quot;go for it&quot; attitude if we are to become successful in life.<br />You would never keep the book down till you have come  to the end of it, (though it is boring in some chapters)  cos that is the  myseterious way in which it has been written.<br />Excellently written and  a must read for people who have a negative attitude of life...
B00003XACV|5.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; won 5 awards at the Oscars, including Best Picture, Director and Actor. A lot of people didn't agree. The subject matter was risky and for some, all too real. Even if it wasn't such a great  movie (Which it was!), it still should've gotten the Oscars it did, only  for the music! Thomas Newman has scored numerous memorable films including  &quot;Little Women&quot;, &quot;The Shawshank Redemption&quot; and  &quot;Scent of a Woman&quot;. He composed the music for AB and was  nominated this year. He sadly lost to John Corigliano's music for &quot;The  Red Violin&quot;.<br />Here, I will give a brief summary for each track on  this CD, that you should be ordering right now! <br />DEAD ALREADY: This is  the cynical and playful opening theme where Lester (Kevin Spacey)  introduces his family and his sedated lifestyle. It is very world  music-influenced and has a beauty all its own.<br />AROSE: This track reminds  one of sleeping peacefully and dreaming of roses and beauty. It uses  cymbals and chimes and is one of the most stunning on the disc.<br />POWER OF  DENIAL: This piece communicates to you and is in itslef deeply moving. It  gives one a sense of hidden longing and restlessness, exactly what was  provoked onscreen.<br />LUNCH W/ THE KING: This song refelects the more  comedic side to the film, and is in the same style as the first track. It  blends in piano quite successfully, also.<br />MENTAL BOY: ...opens with a few  dissonant and ominous phrases from a processed bass flute (?). It moves on  to the piano theme that symbolizes Ricky Fitts (Wes Bentley) and his  mature, masculine beauty. It is later reflected in ANGELA UNDRESS.<br />MR.  SMARTY-MAN: One of the more subdued of the previous tracks, along with  MENTAL BOY. It is actually quite funny when played with the film, but is  still a treat to those who remember it, or even haven't seen it.<br />ROOT  BEER: ...is short (1:05) but painfully gorgeous. With a lot of metal  percussion, it is sweet and tranquil, yet at the same time brash and  erotic. This track is virtually the same as SPARTANETTE, but has a few  differences in the dynamic categorey and basic structure.<br />AMERICAN  BEAUTY: Ahhh... The sweetness. This track is the most lovely on the CD.  With a gentle piano theme and slowly working strings, it has a melancholy  sadness to it, yet still maintains an optimistic flow.<br />BLOODLESS FREAK:  &quot;I will sell this house today! I will sell this house today!&quot;  yes, Annette Bening in a slip with the vacuum cleaner. (Okay, really, what  woman has never done that. See, I think it frightens people that the film  was too real and true to life. Well, that's there problem.) In the category  with LUNCH W/ THE KING and DEAD ALREADY, it uses comedic undertones and an  over-all fun tone.<br />CHOKING THE BISHOP: Ah, Mena Suvari in the bath. Ok,  many find this song intrusive, but I rather admire Thomas Newman for his  ability to convey eroticism without the cheesy sax and candlelight  melodies.<br />WEIRDEST HOME VIDEOS: This is probably my favorite track (along  with WALK HOME). It is a very gentle song and takes its time in developing  the images of the suburban norm. One of the greatest on the  disc.<br />STRUCTURE AND DISCIPLINE: Probably the darkest of the tracks, also  relies on piano and strings, but has a different tone than AMERICAN BEAUTY.  It seems very gloomy and desperate, like someone crying out for help. It is  the Colonel Fitts (CHRIS COOPER) theme, the darkest element of the film's  plot.<br />SPARTANETTE: Again, pretty much the same as ROOT BEER. Leads right  into...<br />ANGELA UNDRESS: Basicly a repeat of MENTAL BOY without the bass  flute. Quite lovely, actually.<br />MARINE: This is basicly the same as POWER  OF DENAIL but has less background activity. I prefer the previous one  myself.<br />WALK HOME: Sheer brilliance. It begins with WEIRDEST HOME VIDEOS  but then progresses into a beautiful chime part that brings a tear to your  eye. A masterpiece even on its own.<br />BLOOD RED: A short intro to...<br />ANY  OTHER NAME: This is actually AMERICAN BEAUTY but extended with added  emotion. Quite breathtaking.<br />STILL DEAD: Mostly the same as DEAD ALREADY,  but quicker, more cynical and frantic. At about 1:28, Michael Fisher enter  on kim-kims with a memorable drum solo set to the back of the music, yet it  is dominate and loud.<br />Words cannot describe it, a wonderful achievement.  Much better than THE RED VIOLIN!  Cheers to Tommy Newman!
B000002HRE|1.0|The problem with this album is that it meanders from first to last track without doing much.  &quot;Fuel&quot; is hardly the heavy headbanger the unschooled in metal make it out to be.  The main riff is 2 notes, and James  sounds uninspired.  I find that people still call Metallica a &quot;heavy  metal&quot; band is laughable.  These are the same people who can't stand  bands like Iced Earth or Blind Guardian, who are leading the new wave of  metal, because they're &quot;too heavy.&quot;  Heavy metal should blow you  away.  No matter how loud I turn up this album, it still doesn't blow me  away.
B00000DFTH|1.0|Fans sometimes cant see the truth. and keep giving this garbage a five-star rating. I Love SAbbath with Ozzy, always have, always will !  I own all their records with Ozzy (and with Dio). SO I can honestly say: this  CD is horrible. THe band is totally without pace and tightness,  agressiveness also is lacking here. Ozzy is losing his voice, Ward was  always the weakest part (technically speaking)and is worst than ever. The  sound of the recording is buffed, distorted, the audience is very high. The  album is clearly overdubed in studio from beginning to ending. Theres not  here a true Sabbath fan will have to want. Ozzys &quot;SPEAK OF THE  DEVIL&quot; (1982) is one-hundred times better than this. I think TOny  Iommi should finish Sabbath forever and form a new band, recruiting some  big shot musician to share with him the burden of composing songs and  starting a new project. Please, leave the Sabbaths myth intact while you  still got time !
1573221562|5.0|Reading this book was like riding a smooth roller coaster. It told you a beautiful story and gave you a punch in the end that would make Saki smile. This story can be read on several levels, like many readers have  discovered. I don't however, consider it to be &quot;lesbian&quot; fiction.  It is purely about passion and goes beyond gender, like Selena's spirit  friends. The story is quite simple really, Selena Dawes is in prison for  fraud and assault. When she was free she used to be a spiritualist and had  a control spirit, Peter Quick, who hurt a young girl. Margaret Prior is a  visitor to the prison, a lady who talks to the prisoners to make them  &quot;better&quot;, to teach them how to be a lady like her. Margaret falls  in love with Selena, but a conspiracy is already brewing and Margaret is  the perfect pawn for Selena and her key to freedom beyond the dreary prison  walls. The story is a mystery, a one-sided romance, a love triangle, a  passionate depiction of the Victorian world seen from the prison walls. By  the end of the story, the reader gets the feeling, that Selena took  Margaret's identity, while Margaret became a prisoner herself. Amazingly  written, this story demands attention, respect and complete loyalty. I  couldn't stop reading it and I couldn't find flaws with it, I was swept  away into a strange world, where the people are caught in strange dealings,  but the emotions are the same as yours and mine. A worthy read.
B000021XS0|4.0|Theyre amazing, no doubt. This CD is amazing, no doubt!  How can POrtnoy, Petrucci and the others play such a great rock? Theyre geniuses !  THe only trouble are the lyrics. THey are overwritten, pretentious and  arrogant. The rest is perfect, but it is almost impossible to listen to a  Dream Theater album from beginning to end in just one shot, and this  happens again in this CD.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I am surprised there are many 3-stars reviews with all these &quot;ALMOST hilarios&quot; and &quot;falls short&quot; passages. Galaxy Quest is  evidently a quality film. It's mainstream in the most positive meaning of  the word. And the mainstream kind of comedy entertainment needed that new  addition as an argument against all that Farelli Brothers/Adam  Sandler/early Jim Carey idiocy.<br />There are no below-the-waist jokes in  Galaxy Quest, all these over-the-hill actors, sci-fi fans and the endearing  interplanetary misfits are the objects of loving parody. Even the green  lobster monster is a cutie in his own menacing way. It echoes vaguely The  Three Amigos - second-hand thespians facing the challenge of blazing a big  bunch of baddies to hell and staying alive in the process. But it's  better.<br />Alan Rickman is very good as the tortured genius. How I adored  him pinched by the more down-to-earth shipmates on a parking lot before the  newly opened tech supermarket moaning that -&quot; What a savings...&quot;  - debility!<br />Tim Allen is great though I could not buy his total mood  change upon hearing two teenage jerks' unappreciating remarks in a loo. As  if these chirpings were the revelations on his current state, very  unexpected and profound.<br />Steve Buscemi has to copyright his image - the  6th crewmate Guy was his clone. I looked for Steve in the ending credits  but got the other...Guy.<br />Yes, I have to confess I felt a tinge of  disappointment halfway through the film, when it was slackening a bit,  losing momentum. The film's idea is so overwhelmingly promising it's  virtually impossible to meet the expectations for the whole 100%. But the  final scene erased my vague discontent completely. Two very important for  us Earthlings notions are triumphantly confirmed by that glorious crash -  there is always a hope of redemption no matter how far downhill you have  already traveled and there is a myriad of worlds out there, friendly,  menacing,all of them very exciting.<br />So I am very enthusiastic in my  appreciation of that mainstream effort - it's less likely to make a bunch  than Adam Sandler's schlock but it's so human and intelligent it produces  the warm-hearted chukles instead of guttural laugh convulsions that rock  the seats when the waterboy traverse a screen.<br />And true to my &quot;vote  with your dollar&quot; principle I got the DVD for my collection.
0788811002|2.0|He history in this follow-up is cleverly written. But the trouble is when Pocahontas sings (what happens all the time ! ): it breaks the action completely, it seems more like Mariah Carey screaming, its a total waste  of the plot.
0380788624|5.0|The point of most books is the plot.  The plot is a sequence of events that carries you from A to B, where A is the opening of the story and B is the conclusion.  The only elaboration may be in the inclusion of a prologue  and/or and epilogue.  Most books are, to use a convinient metaphore, a book  like a one way ocean voyage where you start at one beach and end up at  another.<br />This book is not like that.  Oh, sure, there IS a beginning and  there IS an end, and there is a plot that takes you between them.  But the  fun of the book *isn't* in the plot.  It's in all the wild and unexpected  detours that you in strange and interesting directions. <br />To return to our  metaphor, if most books are an ocean cruise, this book is a surf board: you  do end up at the beach, but it isn't a straight and sedate path; sometimes  you'll be heading straight for shore, sometimes you'll be swingly wildly to  the left or right, and sometimes you'll be under the water without any  clear sense of where you are or what direction you're facing.  <br />It's like  that.  <br />Is it a book for everyone?  No.  In fact, the author has a FAQ  that does a good job of answering the question of whether or not you would  enjoy the novel at [...]<br />In  short, if you don't like long novels, novels with lots of exposition,  novels that deal with technical materials, novels with sex, violence, and  obscenity, etc, then you probably should give this one a miss.<br />If, on the  other hand, you want to take an interesting journey with lots and lots of  (apparently) random detours into a whole variety of sub-topics, then I  think that this might be a book that you would enjoy.
0399128964|5.0|I picked up a dusty copy of Dune off of a ill-used fiction section in my school library back in 6th grade.   It turned out to be one of the best books i have ever read.<br />As i am sure many of you have heard the only  thing comparible to the epic Dune serires is the Lord of the Rings.  That  is by far a true statment.  If you have not read Dune, go, no run to the  nearest bookstore or library and pick it up.  <br />In between the two sheets  of pressed cardboard you will find an amazing story covering everything  from love to politics to enviomentalism, all in a convincing and moving  story.  <br />Go now, buy the book,  you havent lived if you have not read  this book
6303327982|1.0|you will not stand it you will turn the televition off before the movie finish
B00000DGUY|4.0|Good coverage of the hits and good sound quality, but two quibbles keep it from a 5-rating:<br />1. I'd choose slightly different selections (Skateaway and    Industrial Disease in particular are missed).<br />2. Be aware that  several songs are edited from the original;    especially Money For Nothing  which had almost half its    length (intro, one verse, trailer)  chopped!<br />I would have preferred the previous compilation (Money For  Nothing) with this compilation's sound quality. Oh well,<br />it's still a  good collection, just be aware of the edits, which caught me by surprise.
0783235968|5.0|this is the best of Kevin Costner. Do not matter how many times I see it is never to much. you will fall in love with it
0812550757|4.0|The general contents of this book have been thoroughly commented upon by all other reviewers, and I agree with most of them on the virtues of Orson Scott Card's work.  However, the Editorial Review incorrectly asserts that  Lusitania is inhabited by Portuguese instead of Brazilian colonists; the  very name &quot;Lusitania&quot; suggests this, so it's not the reviewer's  fault.  It's like calling the planet, say, &quot;Britannia&quot;, which  surprisingly is colonized by Americans, and read in the review that the  colonists are British.  Nothing to worry about too much, but it's annoying  anyway.  This and a few other discrepancies prevent me from rating the book  5 stars; in all other aspects it's quite entertaining.
6305297525|5.0|not every day you find something like this enjoy donot let it go away is the best it gets
B00004WEJZ|4.0|I think this James Bond movie is one of the best in the collection.  I have this at my house in VHS, but I am getting this movie on DVD when it  comes out to complete my DVD collection of James Bond.
B0000214F3|5.0|what are we doing wiht the time we have left? is a oportunity to think whats important you must see this movie
B000000993|5.0|is probably the best group of the '90.If you are music lover and aren't afraid of something new and exciting then buy this album.This album is great introduction to Tool.After that buy AEnima which is ,in my opinion, a  masterpiece.
B000002MJC|5.0|If Jesus (not meant to be taken offensively, I myself am a devout Christian) were alive today this might be a few of his words on life and the bad things that can happen. To me, after extensive listening (probably  200+ times), I think this to be the best album I've ever heard. The lyrics  seem to be written from the perspective of Jesus and the criminals (being  crucified) at the time of their death. They explore the elements of life  that aren't so good. For instance, about not knowing how it feels to be  another person (Walking in my shoes), Being crucified for your wrongdoing  as the criminals with Jesus were (Condemnation), your soul and your not so  happy life (Mercy in You and Judas),  deep depression over someone you love  (In Your Room), sick, sadistic love (Rush), and the darkest aspect of a  force unknown (Higher Love). The songwriting and spooky minor (as in, minor  the musical term like major, minor, flat etc.)keys used to write in, and  strange sounds that put images of hell right in to your mind paint the  picture. The most depressed, serious, haunting album one will ever listen  to. A poetic, creepy, religious, experience. Martin Gore, Dave Gahan, Alan  Wilder, and Andy Fletcher at their best. This album, perfectly is the dark  life and will always be my FAVORITE album ever. There is only one album  this could be..........the perfectly titled SONGS OF FAITH AND DEVOTION....
0671034065|5.0|I just turned the last page on Mr. Perfect...what can I say, Ms. Howard has done it again.  The neat thing about this book was the shift in writing style (just a little bit).  I have read all of Ms. Howard's hard covers and  most of her paperbacks.  This one had the most humor.  The heroine, Jaine,  was absolutly terrific.  She is smart, savy and has a terrific sense of  humor.  I had to put the book down several times and just laugh!  Some of  the best one-liners you'll ever read!  And our hero Sam, well he was just  yummy!  This was a bit on the lighter side than most of Ms. Howard's books,  but I really enjoyed it.  Memorable characters.  I enjoyed the friendship  between these 4 women and grieved along with the heroine as her circle of  friends is broken.  Even though the plot was predictable and perhaps not as  complex as some of her past work, it didn't hinder the enjoyment of the  book.  All in all, a great read.
B000002MJC|5.0|If Jesus (not meant to be taken offensively, I myself am a devout Christian) were alive today this might be a few of his words on life and the bad things that can happen. To me, after extensive listening (probably  200+ times), I think this to be the best album I've ever heard. The lyrics  seem to be written from the perspective of Jesus and the criminals (being  crucified) at the time of their death. They explore the elements of life  that aren't so good. For instance, about not knowing how it feels to be  another person (Walking in my shoes), Being crucified for your wrongdoing  as the criminals with Jesus were (Condemnation), your soul and your not so  happy life (Mercy in You and Judas),  deep depression over someone you love  (In Your Room), sick, sadistic love (Rush), and the darkest aspect of a  force unknown (Higher Love). The songwriting and spooky minor (as in, minor  the musical term like major, minor, flat etc.)keys used to write in, and  strange sounds that put images of hell right in to your mind paint the  picture. The most depressed, serious, haunting album one will ever listen  to. A poetic, creepy, religious, experience. Martin Gore, Dave Gahan, Alan  Wilder, and Andy Fletcher at their best. This album, perfectly is the dark  life and will always be my FAVORITE album ever. There is only one album  this could be..........the perfectly titled SONGS OF FAITH AND DEVOTION....
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney Spears has come back with another cd...but her voice sounds no different at all.  I really like Lucky and Stronger because of the words and the music part.  But Dear Diary is the absolute worst song on the cd,  and a friend and I both agreed how funny it was how Britney's only  written-by-herself song was the worst we had ever heard.  All she says is  &quot;Dear Diary today I saw a boy and I wondered if he noticed me...&quot;   But besides Dear Diary, this cd is one of the best that I have in my case.
B000002NHN|5.0|Truly an amazing work. Every song on this CD speaks to the listener. Each song is rooted in some truth of our world, and brings out the best in people, area, and history. Read the insert and you'll learn something.  Listen to the music and you'll live it!
B00004S6GL|5.0|Until recently, I was NOT a Smith fan.  <br />Speaking as a musician, I'd heard of him ... many times.  However, I'd never made any effort to become better aquainted with his &quot;work.&quot;<br />Mr. Smith recently performed  in Nashville, TN.  I was invited to attend the show, gratis, by a friend.   During his gig, power was lost due to a brief summer storm.  Instead of  making his patrons wait, Mr. Smith grabbed an acoustic guitar and began  playing songs.<br />I was mesmerized.<br />After the show, I drove the 1/2 mile  to the nearest Tower Records and purchased &quot;Figure 8.&quot;  Elliott  Smith now sits behind only Bob Mould on my list of &quot;favourite&quot;  singer-songwriters.  <br />A great LP.  I WAS impressed, indeed.   <br />&quot;Stupidity Tries&quot; is a well-crafted song; and it's my  favourite on the LP.  If you witnessed this song on David Letterman's show,  you would agree with me.
B00004TL21|4.0|this is an album that puts most of this so called metal bands out there to shame. I've been a fan of Deftones since their Adrenaline days and have seen them open up for bands like Prong, Anthrax, and Pantera. l could  always tell that they would have a bright future from the emotions and  sensativity that their music has always carried. White Pony is the outcome  of the progression that the Deftones have been aiming towards for years. l  wouldn't be surprised if they truly become a pop band, not Britney pop  kiddies, more like The Smiths pop. Chino's vocals are up there with Mike  Patton's and Maynards l'd say. Deftones are once proving that the heavy  genra of music is expandable. Along with groups such as Tool, Katatonia,  The Gathering, Neurosis, and others they are bringing forth a new breed of  heaviness, one with feelings and honesty not something just meant for the  guys with cut-off shirts and bad tatoos. l would give this album a five but  l decided for a 4 because this is just the beginning for a band that will  survive the test of the trend. if anyone will remember Limp Bizkit or  Slipknot in five years call me stupid. Deftones have build a foundation on  the reality that lies in the heart not in an image. just wait for their  next one and see what's possible in an era that finding a unique sound is  like searching for gold in Charles river.
B000002KH3|5.0|In the late 70's, music was going the way of the skinny tie, and the synthesizer. A more digitized musical world was about to take over, until a young man named Edward Van Halen came on to the scene and changed the  rock-n-roll world forever. One song, I repeat just one song, an  instramental, if I may call it that. That one song  that changed the  rock-n-roll world, was &quot;ERUPTION&quot;. Every guitar player in the  world and musician for that matter, put their  guitars down, and were in  total shock and awe. Eruption was the one song that changed it all, but VAN  HALEN's debut album in itself changed everything. Turned the music world  upside down. Single handedly  saved Rock back then. It will always be a  landmark album, and any guitar player, musician, or music lover should have  it in their collection. Long live VH, and thank you for  saving  Rock-n-roll....
B00004RHZU|5.0|I fell in love with the song &quot;There You Go&quot; the instant it hit the radio waves.  However, I was hesitant to purchase the CD, fearing it would resemble so many other &quot;listen -to -only -one -song -then -never  -play -again&quot;  CD's.  But when Pink opened at the NSync &quot;No  Strings Attached&quot; concert, I got the urge to run out and buy the CD  right away.  Her vocal range is matched only by Whitney Huston and Mariah  Carey, and the songs are individual in style and sound.
0441172717|5.0|There ain't much to say about this book else then: SUPERB!  It really takes hold of it, makes you read it and then desire for the sequel-book &quot;Dune Messiah&quot;.  A rich family, currently ruling the Planet  Calladan, is sent by the Emperor to take control of the Desert Planet  Arrakis. The only known place were the &quot;Spice&quot; is found. The  Spice became an important resource, because it sharpens the mind of the  consumer and in some rare occasions can make people look into the future.   Who rules the Spice, rules the Universe.  There's only one tiny problem  about it. Arrakis is currently run by the archrivals of our rich family and  they just don't want to give up the best income-source in the universe.
B00000ADG2|4.0|besides missy elliott, this is the only female in the rnb industry who can do it all. on this album she wrote, produced, arranged, and recorded all the songs. not only does she sing, she raps and her voice is like that of  toni braxton, it sooths the soul.<br />&quot;doo wop/that thing&quot;,  &quot;ex-factor&quot; [my absolute favorite track on the album] &amp;  &quot;everything is everything&quot; are just plain and simple amazing. you  don't usually come across a talent like this, and you won't find another  like her, in a long time. the fugees star, and easily the most prized  possession shines, better then ever on this album.<br />how does the rest of  the album turn out? magnificent! &quot;the miseducation of lauryn  hill&quot;, &quot;can't take my eyes off of you&quot;, &quot;to zion&quot;,  &quot;superstar&quot;, &quot;the final hour&quot;, &quot;forgive them  father&quot;, &amp; &quot;i used to love him&quot; are real stand outs, and  ohh lets not forget &quot;every ghetto every city&quot;. nobody can out  shine her on these tracks, no one.<br />now your probably wondering why if i  rave about this cd, then why does it only get 4 stars? because of the  following reasons. the weak tracks: &quot;when it hurts so bad&quot; &amp;  &quot;the sweetest thing&quot; remix, are misplaced on this album, they  really don't belong and the countless, and i do mean countless interludes  ruin the countinuos flow of the record.<br />the overall though, this is a  great album and that shows when it sold 5,000,000+ copies in just the  united states. i think that we should show are appreciation for such a  talent, and get her to put out another album.
6303942830|5.0|I saw this movie on TNT and must say that it is one of the best made films I've ever seen.  I'm not much for violence, but I felt compelled to watch every last moment of the film.  It was extremely well done and I felt also  true to the time period portrayed.  Daniel Day-Lewis, Madeline Stowe, and  the other actors all brought their characters to life with sincerity and  passion.  The depth of feeling between Nathaniel and Cora was palpable with  no need for words or gratuitous sex scenes.  The combat scenes truly  depicted the savagery of the time.  And the cinematography was poetic, not  to mention the musical score.  The music portrayed feeling and emotion  during some scenes so well that words were unnecessary. Examples: the scene  where Nathaniel and Cora are together for the first time, and the almost  last scene where Nathaniel's brother fights Magua, and then Nathaniel's  father ultimately defeats Magua.  That last scene in particular was so  moving that I found myself barely breathing in anticipation of the outcome.   If you haven't seen the movie, I cannot recommend it strongly enough.
0679746048|4.0|I saw the film &quot;Girl Interrupted&quot; before reading the book.  What a difference!  The movie was interesting and somewhat absorbing, but it had that fake Hollywood drama feel to it.  (It felt a lot like the Robin  Williams movie &quot;Patch Adams&quot;).  The ending was way too trite, and  a lot of the events (such as the patients sneaking around for hours in the  head psychiatrist's office) were totally implausible.  The book was  superior in every way!<br />Susanna Kaysen gives an unflinching look at the  years of her life spent in a mental hospital.  I felt that Kaysen was brave  to write the way she did, considering the book sometimes shows her in an  unflattering light.  Kaysen does not romanticize her mental problems, and  she holds herself accountable for her behavior, even as she explores the  underlying motivation for it.  The brief information about other disturbed  young girls is vivid and unforgettable.  Also, Kaysen's discussion of  sanity vs. insanity is thought-provoking.  My only complaint about the book  is its length; it was too short!  (Just enough to tantalize you).  For a  similar book that goes into a bit more detail, I recommend  &quot;Mockingbird Years&quot; by Emily Fox Gordon.
B00000JCOV|5.0|this is like KoRn but sicker.....picture this 9 insane guys that looks like they just came out of an asylum thrashing out at 15 songs.this album is so frickin sic you can picture youreself at a concert when you play this  cd but even better EVERY SONG ON THIS CD IS AWESOME believe me you will  never regret the day you bought this cd
B00000JKH2|5.0|This 1999 release is the latest batch of songs from El Paso's biggest music export since Bobby Fuller.  &quot;Vaya&quot; goes a long way towards capturing At the Drive-In's epic live sound. The rhythm section (aka: Pall  and Tony) brings an unrelenting drive to their sound that has lead to hasty  comparisons to the likes of Rage Against the Machine. However the twisting  off-kilter melodies of the two guitars (Omar and Jim) add an unexpected  melodic subtelty.   The abstract word play of Cedric's lyrics are delivered  with an emotional weight that brings chills. What carries this band beyond  the narrow and eventually boring emo/punk genre is a curiosity and drive  for creating viable, honest and intense music. For evidence I submit the  first and last song of this 23 minute EP, &quot;Rascuache&quot; and  &quot;198d&quot; respectively.
B00000JCOV|5.0|this is like KoRn but sicker.....picture this 9 insane guys that looks like they just came out of an asylum thrashing out at 15 songs.this album is so frickin sic you can picture youreself at a concert when you play this  cd but even better EVERY SONG ON THIS CD IS AWESOME believe me you will  never regret the day you bought this cd
0425132153|5.0|This book is hilarious and funny at the same time. It laughs in the face of religion and humanity. It's great. It has Pratchett's obvious style, I don't know what this guy Gaymann had to do with it. But that doesn't  matter, the book is fantastic. They should make a movie out of it.<br />The  ending is very surprising.
B000002B35|5.0|This was a great live album but for all of you newcomers to Floyd here are there top 5 albums.<br />1.Dark Side Of The Moon<br />Comments-One of the best albums ever in the history of rock.The album was based on the art of  production and special effects.The lyrical concepts are awesome and the  musician ship is great.A phsycedelic masterpiece.<br />2.Wish You Were  Here<br />Comments-The follow up to Dark Side Of The Moon could be better than  it's predesessor.The musicianship is awesome.And the lyrics touch upon the  music buisness and Barrets leaving the band.the production is amazing too.  <br />3.Piper At The Gartes Of Dawn<br />Comments-One of the best 60's  phsycedelic albums ever.The sound effects mixed with errie sounds and  guitars has amazing effects.The lyrics are have a childlike way about  them.Barret was a genius.<br />4.The Wall<br />Comments-A great concept album.I  thought it was more of a Roger Water's album than a pink floyd album.Still  it contains some of Floyds best songs.The movie was a good  too.<br />5.Meddle<br />Comments-Deffinetly one of there best.Great production  mixed with awesome jams and phsycedelic lyrics.Good solid album.
6303421563|4.0|This movie is wonderful.  It's about a lone hitman-for-hire who saves a girl from a corrupt DEA agent who killed her family.  The story goes on and  the ending is simply superb.  Jean Reno and Natalie Portman play their  parts perfectly.<br />There is an editor's cut version of this film for sale  on the Internet elsewhere (forgot the URL) which is said to have 20 more  minutes, which mostly teaches the viewers about the characters themselves.   Director Luc Besson said personally he liked the original version (the one  on sale here) better.  <br />In conclusion, go buy the movie.  This is a film  that should be on every home's shelf.
068484267X|4.0|As I began to read this memoir I was immediately struck by Frank McCourt's unusual writing style.  It occured to me that it resembles the narrative style encountered in Irish pubs.  Mr. McCourt's inclusion of Irish speech  patterns and patois further added to my reading.  This in conjunction with  Mr. McCourt's detailed accounting of his formative years lends one the  sights and sounds of Limerick at the early part of this century.  While  life was indeed hard, Mr. McCourt conveys the wonderful sense of humor that  has seen Ireland through its troubles.
B00003CWPL|5.0|Quite possibly the most thought provoking film of all time. I could watch this movie a thousand times to try to derive its full meaning. No film has  or will ever capture my attention like this one has with its hidden plot  and symbolism. (Unless of course David Lynch decides to return to his  roots).  I thought Twin Peaks was off beat until i saw Lost Highway.  I  thought Lost Highway was twisted and perfectly vague in its story telling,  until i saw Eraserhead. Let's just say that Eraserhead makes Lost Highway  seem like The Wizard of Oz.
B00004THAY|5.0|I read about the upcoming release of this CD and thought to myself, this has to be good. I bought it the day it was released in May, and haven't stopped listening since.  I loved it from the first playing and love it  more with every playing.  It is one of the best CD's I've ever heard.   Clapton and King are both at the top of their form.  I just can't take it  out of my CD player.  It is quite unbelieveable.  The mix of songs is  excellent.  The guitar's and vocals are amazing.  You will never regret  buying this CD.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Having read many of the other reviews I will simply say that this film has actually made me a better father. Although this is fictional it helped me realize that my children don't need to know how bad things are going. They  will have their fair share of hard times later. I watch this movie whenever  I feel as though I'm losing that focus. When your children are happy, life  IS beautiful.
6305905401|5.0|This is a good movie.  I saw it in the theater for its sense of place and ominous feeling.  The video is worth seeing too.  And Frank Langella really knows how to chew the scenery.  Love the midnight mass scene where yells  'Boo!'  Hilarious.
B000002BBY|5.0|Why couldn't the Gallaghers settle their disputes?  They ruined the music scene.  Oasis was quickly becoming one of the best groups in history, even drawing comparison to the Beatles and other great British rock groups.   This album thrust them into the limelight, and shortly after its release I  became an Oasis fanatic.  &quot;Wonderwall&quot; was the first song I  heard, and I instantly knew I needed this CD.  After that, &quot;Don't Look  Back in Anger&quot; became big, and EVERYONE started to rock to Oasis.  But  I thought I was better than everyone because I knew about &quot;Champagne  Supernova&quot; and its incredible effect.  Well, that didn't last long  because it too quickly skyrocketed on the charts.  Although I've bought  dozens of albums over the past five years, I still enjoying throwing this  disc in, hitting the play button, and just drowning in the maelstrom of  auditory waves that wash over you.  This album is extraordinary, and  deserves all the recognition it could receive.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I liked the fast beat, and the different varriety. Most CD's I buy turn out to have alot of slow songs like All Saints, but this one didn't. It's Now my fav. CD.
B000003BDJ|5.0|If you're like me and have limited cash flow but love a ton of Stones stuff, get this double CD.  It has all of the big hits, all of the radio songs, and no needless fillers.  Even if you don't know some of the songs,  if you like their major hits, you'll love the whole selection.  There isn't  a better way to get all of the great songs unless you're willing to buy  each separate album.  This compilation is supreme.
B00000JCB2|3.0|We've all heard &quot;Nookie&quot; and it's hard not to like.  &quot;Break Stuff,&quot; well, it's alright too.  But unfortunately that's about all that worth listening to on this weak offering from Limp Bizkit.  Mostly the  songs are just noisy rants that you can't understand and, for the most  part, aren't even musically appealing.  Aside from the unexpected funkiness  of the collaboration with Method Man on one of the tracks, this album  leaves a lot to be desired.  If you're looking for more hard-hitting songs  you're better off skipping this one.
B000003TAW|5.0|If you don't have this album, you don't deserve to breathe.  Well, maybe not that extreme, but you're definitely missing out on some of the best music EVER.  This CD doesn't have the quantity (only 10 tracks) but the  quality is supreme.  Everyone knows &quot;Buddy Holly,&quot; but I think  &quot;Undone-The Sweater Song,&quot; &quot;Say It Ain't So,&quot; and  &quot;Only in Dreams&quot; are even better.  This lp is playable from start  to finish, and rarely do songs sound similar.  Weezer is the reigning king  of nerd rock, and their blend of interesting lyrics and great sound puts  this album way above any others.
B000002B7M|5.0|I've been an Ozzy Osbourne fan since I first heard Black Sabbath and let me tell you, this one has just so many goodies on it. All the ones I listen to are my favorite Ozzy songs. They include the first two, Mr Crowley, No  Bone Movies and Steal Away. If you want an awesome classic Ozzy CD, make  sure you get this one.
B00001IVOR|5.0|Before this album the only Wu-Tang stuff I had heard was 36 Chambers.  I loved that CD, so I borrowed my friend's Forever disc.  It's just plain awesome.  The first two songs (Reunited and For Heaven's Sake) totally blew  me away.  The beats dropped are sweet and you don't get tired of them.   Then there's the lyrics.  The rhymes are wicked, an incredible combination  of raw verse and sophisticated references.  But what do you expect from  some of the best MCs ever?
B000009QPE|5.0|This is the greatest Slayer Cd I own.  I like about 7 or 8 songs on it. My favorite ones are Angel of Death, Necrophobic and Epidemic. The lyrics to Angel of death are awesome. Slayer in general has been a favorite band  since I bought this album.  It has really helped me to be a fan.  All the  songs are fast and heavy and LOUD! Power + aggression + heaviness=awesome  cd. Slayer has it all!
1573225517|4.0|I read this book at a time when I was actively dating, and trying to deal with multiple X's. The talent that N.H. has for puting complex feelings and situations into highly amusing writing is amazing.  Aside from the fact  that this book is highly amusing, every man that has actively dated has a  lot in common with the protagonist. The book follows him through multiple  breakups, and manages to turn tragic and depressing situations into comedy.  I highly recommend this book to any man.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|I remember watching this story as a little girl.  Everyone wanted to be Belle.  But as I got older and watched it again, I realized that this story was more than just fun lyrics and animation.  It's truly amazing how Disney  brought everything to life.  It was beautiful how Belle saw and seized the  opportunity to change Beast into a better person.  And with the love she  offered, she made him real again.  No wonder it was nominated for Best  Picture.  But it should have won.  It's one of the most amazing tells ever  told in my opinion.
B000002KKD|4.0|As my title said, this album sounds like the long lost soundtrack to a never-released beach movie!   The lyrics have no meaning.. the music is wonderfully weird, and Fred's endless ravings with his.. um... ODD voice  just top the cake.  But this is good, mind you, not bad!   The only reason  I didn't give the album 5 stars is because of one of the girls' screechy  annoying voices.  This group, with their towering bouffants, their odd  lyrics, etc... they made everyone want to get up and DANCE THIS MESS  AROUND!   I reccomend that you buy the album.. throw a big rug on the  floor, get some of your friends and the special someone (and smoking a  joint or two may help.. I haven't tried) and FRUG to this album!
B000003TBP|4.0|When you were a kid, did you ever mix a whole bunch of household ingredients together into a mad scientist milkshake and then dare everybody to try a sip?  Maybe Beck did that a lot as a kid.  As he emerges as an  artist, it is fairly impossible to stick him into any genre.  Beck takes  hip-hop, rap, country-western, funk, techno-dance and alternative rock and  blends it all into a strangely bizzare mix.  Only a real genius and talent  could blend those styles together into one delicious  concoction.<br />&quot;Where It's At&quot; might be the best song I've heard  in ten years.  I still can't figure out how he fused country-western rock  with early 80's breakdancing hip-hop.  The rest of the album is full of  creative songs like &quot;Devils Haircut&quot; and &quot;The New  Pollution.&quot;  The album slows down near the last few songs and it  doesn't really end on a high note, which is why I could only manage 4 stars  for this album.  Take off a couple of songs from this record, and I might  have given it six stars, though.  This isn't Beck's masterpiece...that's  probably going to come many, many years and albums later.<br />Nobody, but  nobody is making music as wildly inventive as Beck Hansen.  In ten years,  people will talk about how he influenced the artists of the day and changed  music as we know it.  When we're surrounded by so many sacharine clones  passing themselves off as musicians, its so refreshing to hear Beck create  something so original and different from everything else.
B000002KIE|4.0|This album is quite simple.  Simple lyrics, simple melodies.. and the 3 simple cords that took the UK (and eventually the rest of the world) by storm!  This album, along with the New York Dolls', formed punk for  everyone.  The songs on this album deal with everything from the Berlin  Wall (you can tell the album may be a bit dated), to abortions, to the EMI  record company.  Now everything I have written so far may look negative to  some people, but let me explain.  In 1977, rock was at a decline... between  the extra-ordinary lyrical depth of the few remaining rock groups like Pink  Floyd, and the trash that was known as disco.. there was no room to breathe  musically!  Then, punk breaks it all through.  A personal quote: Nothing  cures elaboration like simplicity!  Hence, enter punk.  3 minute songs,  simple lyrics, simple melody.. it was a breath of fresh air!  <br />Today the  album may sound like garage-pressed tripe, but past all the simplicity...  it deserves a listen!  It's so simple it's complex!
0393312836|5.0|A Clockwork Orange is by far the best book i have ever read. even if you have seen the movie, read the book. It takes place in london in the not-so-distant future. The main character, Alex, is the leader of a gang of  four teenagers, who run a muck, breaking into people's houses, beating  people up, etc. alex runs into trouble, and is thrown in jail, where the  government gives him horrific punishment.... anyway, enough of the plot.  alex and his &quot;droogs&quot; speak a kind of Russified english, which  they called &quot;Nadsat&quot; (russian for &quot;teen&quot;). The novel  has no glossary, although nadsat is laced thickly throughout the entire  book. this was not a problem for me because i speak russian, but i imagine  that this book would be a very difficult read for someone who does not. but  hey, if you cant, you can download a &quot;nadsat translator&quot;.  overall, a clockwork orange is a visciously bizzarre, violent, hilarious,  intruiging book that asks the reader &quot;is a person who does not have  the option of evil really good?&quot;. a clockwork orange is the best book  ever written because it breaks free of ordinary book structure. the main  character is not very heroic, and is actually very dispicable. the book has  very unexpected twists in it, so reader never knows what to expect. anyway,  read it- it is not something you will soon forget.
B000002J20|5.0|Yes, which the author Bill Martin has noted began changing the rules by which rock albums were made with Fragile in 1972; left a lot of Roundabout fans behind in 1973 when they locked themselves away for the summer to cut  this record. With this venture they go into music areas here previously  explored only in classical and jazz music. In fact, for this album Yes  really stopped being a rock band, becoming a group of serious musicians who  wrote what Zappa called &quot;serious music&quot; (when Frank referred to  Varese or Schoneburg) but in the framework of the rock band. This record is  a key precursor (along with Yes singer Anderson's solo Olias of Sunhillow)  to what we know now as World Music and New Age. This was made at the height  of prog's openness to classical influences- and Yes, which had previously  been driven by their interests in Jim Hall, Stravinsky, the Beatles, and  Mozart; are here given over to a musical ethos dominated by Sibelious,  Mahler and Mahavishnu. The first 2/3 of THE ANCIENT amounts to a practical  revolution in sonics and composition in an improvisational context, as the  Mahlerian and Mahavishnu influences collide spectacularly. This album ranks  with King Crimson's Starless &amp; Bible Black, THe `Lamb' by Genesis, In a  Glass House by Gentle Giant, and Apocalypse by Mahavishnu Orchestra as one  of a supreme handfull of avant-garde musical landmarks that came from this  time.<br />Not for your average FOGHAT fan.
B000009RNM|5.0|Yes, it's missing a lot of great songs, but I think it does an excellent job of picking up the very best from this time period.<br />No regrets in buying this one, trust me.  Especially if you're looking for a good intro  to Bowie at his best.
6300181464|5.0|Brilliantly acted, masterfully staged along with the best possible effects for their day (1972), and well scored, this under-appreciated gem is hauntingly beautiful and terrifying, all at the same time.  Whether or not  it turns out to be prophetic remains to be seen, but a good case can be  made today that we are certainly well on our way to being in the condition  that inspired Earth's inhabitants in this movie to send out a fleet of  spaceships that carried with them the last of their forests and wildlife.   <br />One of the biggest and best payoffs of watching this beauty is the  absolutely stunning performance that Bruce Dern delivers.  More often than  not, Dern portrays conniving, sneaking pyschos and killers to an absolutely  chilling degree, but not in this baby! Yes, there are those who would say  that the character of Freeman Lowell does a slow descent into madness here,  but it is ever-so slowly brought about by Dern's restrained acting that we  barely notice.  That is the mark of exceptional acting ability!  This is by  far Dern's best performance, and his supporting cast of Cliff Potts, Ron  Rifkin and Jesse Vint as fellow crew members that bear varying degrees of  contempt for Dern's Freeman Lowell are perfectly cast.  Kudos to the  exceptional actors/actresses who portray the loveable drones Huey, Dewey  and Louie.<br />Long before Star Wars and the rest, there was Silent Running,  and it holds up extremely well, despite today's seemingly constant need for  faster, harder, bloodier and more violent by the second.  The message  contained within this movie is as applicable today as it was the first day  it was released.  Watch it and see for yourself; you won't regret it for a  second!
B000002J09|5.0|This album is the greatest acheivement by the greatest rock and roll band ever! Every song has its distinctive sounds and rhythm-from the fast-paced hard rock sound of Black Dog to the melodic power ballad Stairway to  Heaven. This album will appeal to any music fan. Led Zeppelin can create  such a variety of sounds within one album that it is simply amazing and  mind-blowing. Robert Plant's lead vocals are superior to any others. He can  change his voice to any pitch, sound or pace, which is simply incredible.  Jimmy Page's acoustic guitars are incredibly powerful and moving. He can  create any sound from his guitars and play such moving and powerful pieces  of music! John Paul Jones shines with his awesome bass guitar and keyboard  skills. Finally John Bohnam plays with the most powerful, forceful, and  overall incredible percussion sound. Led Zeppelin created a mysterious aura  and mystique from the album booklet that comes with the cd. Very very  interesting....! No band before or since has come close to matching Led  Zeppelin's awesome array of musical sounds. This is a must have for any  rock fan!  LED ZEPPELIN RULES!
B00004SCX6|3.0|Britney Spears is back...to the delight of some and to the horror of others. The title track as well as all the tracks written by Sweedish writer Max Martin are extremely infectious and catchy, such as &quot;What  You See(Is What You Get)&quot;. It seems obvious though that Britney does  most of the &quot;oohs&quot;, &quot;ahhs&quot;, and &quot;oh baby's&quot;,  and her back-up singers do a large portion of the singing. The album is  best when it sticks to the fast, dance beats, and stays away from the  ballads. The cd seems to be manufactured to create alot of singles, being  it includes pop friendly tunes, a few R&amp;B style tracks, and the slow  songs. The cd does succeed in what it is trying to do, sell records and be  perfect for MTV's TRL voting audience. I do recomend this cd as it is a  good second effort from a singer who will probably be sticking around.
6305718954|5.0|This movie is very good.  Any person who loves both religion and life in the modern world would like this movie.  I had heard about it from a co-worker and he said that it was a great movie.  So I rented it myself and  ended up buying it I loved it so much.
158234082X|5.0|Anthony Bourdain describes life in the Seventies with the irreverence to fit the time. This may offend older folks. The action is happening in a kitchen, but it could have been a multitude of locations. The book does  great justice to describing  the time period. The book is funny, sad,  ironic and all things good fiction should be, but it's a man's life.<br />This  book will help the uninitiated foodie to understand the what, when,  where's, and how's of dinning. <br />Since reading this book, I intend to do a  few things, one, recommend this book to as many folks as I can. Two, never  eat fish on a Monday! Three, avoid that Sunday brunch special (especially  if there is barnaise sauce on it!). Four, have dinner on a Tuesday at  Anthony's restaurant.  I may order blood sausage and brains! I hope you are  ready Tony!
6305428352|4.0|I have seen this movie many times on tape. An interesting story of how someone can go through life feeling they have not accomplished what they have set out too. When the fact s are that they have touched the lifes of  so many people in a positive caring way.   I have to say I like the movie,  but the DVD has to be the poorest picture quality I have ever watched, even  on the small screen, the flicker an fuzz was awful..My advice buy the tape.
B0000025HG|5.0|What a great idea,every song had something to do with water.The Hit,&quot;No More Tears,&quot; had to be changed in the begining to have this Theme. I love Barbra's version of &quot;Splish Splash,&quot;and the  opening number,&quot;Wet,&quot; but the greatest song on the CD is the  last,&quot;Kiss Me in the Rain.&quot; This was the second release after  &quot;No More Tears.&quot; Barbra was having hit after hit during this  time,starting with &quot;A Star is  Born&quot;soundtrack,&quot;Superman&quot;and the mega hit  &quot;Guilty.&quot;Alot of reviews put down John Peters,but I think he  helped Barbra's career.Most of these records were his idea.Barbra's albums  always sold,but none of her singles were played on the radio like they were  during this period.
0385493800|4.0|Although I really don't see a single reason for John Grisham to be the bestselling author of the world, I have to say that in this book, he has  done his best. I have some things to say about it, anyway.<br />         The  plot is perfectly sewed, the action really belongs to an adventure and he  knew exactly how to deal with it. And although his characters seemed to be  people made of cardboard (you start and end the plot without know not even  a bit more than you knew when you begun the reading), it doesn't matter  much, since the plot is well developed. <br />         With pleasure, I'd say  that the beginning is one of the best I've ever read, and I'm thankful I  was able to read a whole book by Grisham. Since that one, I started three  other books by Grisham and didn't finish any of them. But with that one  things worked different, and it just amazing that it happened. This is by  far Grisham's best book, believe me. <br />         Well, to end what I have  to say about it, just take it and have fun! Even not finding nothing  special with Grisham, and personally finding Lisa Scottoline, who writes  his same genre, much better than him, with that one, he showed me he had  something good to offer at least. And, although this book lacks at the end  (I've already heard he's not good with endings) THE TESTAMENT is great fun.  Enjoy!<br />Marco Aurelio.
015650300X|5.0|I was fortunate enough to read this book in my French class at school.  I was previously unfamiliar with the book and expected it to be nothing but a simple story.  Instead I found a book found with remarkable insight, but  displayed in a beautiful, yet straightforward manner.  I recommend this  book to french teachers who are considering sharing it with their class, or  anyone capable of reading french.  I have read the english version as well,  but have found the original french to be far superior.
8477201447|5.0|Coelho dextrously links a wonderful journey story to the self-discovery for both, the main character and yourself.    It's a book that not only entretains you, but at the same time it may contribute to your personal  development.  After reading this book, you will most probably find yourself  believing that the &quot;universe conspires&quot; to make your dreams come  true, ...and that is a terrific feeling to have!
6305265488|5.0|I guess I wasn't the only one who was slightly disturbed that the orginal Cinderella didn't do that much for herself! In this version Cinderella takes on the name of Daniel. Instead of an evil stepmother and two evil  stepsisters; we have an evil stepmother, one evil stepsiter and one that is  very kind. Instead of a fairy godmother we had Lenordo da Vinci. And  instead of a weak Cinderella we have a strong one who attracts &quot;Prince  Charming&quot; with her strong mind, and bold intelligence. Her masquerade  is much diffrent that Cinderella's and much more intresting. Drew  Berrymore's performence is amazing! If you love a good fairy tale, and a  good romance, I reccomend you watch this movie.
6303212263|5.0|This film has got the best actors,the best story and the best opening sequence in the world.Christopher Reeve is great,and i highly recomend that you buy the Christhoper Reeve book &quot;STILL ME&quot; to!
B00003CX7L|5.0|Wow this sequel is even better than the first one. In this story a neglected-feeling Woody is kidnapped by a Toy Seller who realizes how much money he is actually worth. When Buzz finds out about it he and the Toy  Story crew leaps to the rescue. But when and if they find Woody will he  shred his newfound life style? <br />This story is not only funny but  touching. It's truely a family movie. Anyone can watch it and smile.
B000002UAU|5.0|Back when this album first came out I was in military service on my way to  Viet Nam. I stopped at a friends house and got a bit hight and he put the  album on and it totally took me away to another place and time. I will  never forget the experience. I am wondering how good it is on CD now. I  really think this was the Beatles best work
B000002H2H|5.0|Eight songs, nearly 50 minutes of an album, four amazing musicians, and the concept of death. They add up to this masterpiece known as &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot;. &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; is one of their more  brutal songs they've ever made, it starts off with a classical guitar that  ends around thirty seconds later. Then you enter brutality at it's best.  The guitar riffs and solos on the album are faster than lightning itself.  And just as dangerous. &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; is the heaviest  song here, but don't think that's all Metallica has to offer. The title  track is only a decent song, the chorus could have been rethought, and it  isn't very thrash (figures, Dave Mustaine co-wrote it). It's the worst one  off the album. &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot; is a rock classic. From  the bell at the beginning, to the crunchin guitars throughout, to the  amazing outro, this song is perfect in every way possible. Yet, &quot;Fade  To Black&quot; outshines it. &quot;Fade To Black&quot; is my favorite  Metallca song. It starts out with beautiful classical guitars and leads  into James' poetic lyrics. The song flares up into a metal song at the end,  but it's Metallica's slow pace in the beginning that really touches you.  Too bad now that they've slowed down they didn't write epics like that one.  &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; is great, but just like the title track, it  suffers from an out of place chorus. &quot;Escape&quot; is yet another  great thrash song. Maybe I'm wrong, but in the end of the song if you took  out fast riff and kept James' vocal style the same, doesn't it sound like  Chris Cornell's on Soundgaren's &quot;Rusty Cage&quot;? Well, nobody's  original these days anyways. This time, the chorus is great and incredibly  catchy (!). &quot;Creeping Death&quot; is pure genius. Thrash that not only  rocks, but practicly forces you to bang your head because it's so damn  good. The perfect scream-along and a concert favorite. &quot;The Call Of  Ktulu&quot; is the perfect almost nine minute instrumental. I have no idea  what it means, but it rocks. It starts off slow and then explodes into  metal and then slows down again for the end. Very fine musicianship indeed.  Metal fans need to hear this. And 'Nu-Metal' fans should drop their god  awful Coal Chamber or Sevendust CD's and experience what real metal is.  Very highly recommended.
B000001E18|3.0|Critics can say what they will, but it was this album, not Achtung Baby, that signaled U2's break from its '80s sound; for all of their (largely  lyrical) differences, all of their albums from 1984 to '91 blend under the  heavy (although brilliant) hand of producer Daniel Lanois.  The result of  this, combined with its hasty recording schedule, is an extremely  ambitious, alternately brilliant and awful album.  The opening track is a  microcosm of sorts for the entire album.  It would be perhaps a flawless U2  song, if not for the two minutes of glorified noise at the beginning of it.   This criticism notwithstanding, the title track is good enough to justify  buying (if not recording) the entire album.  The next song, Babyface, is  run-of-the-mill.  The 3rd track, Numb, is not even of B-side-quality.  The  Edge's monotonous drone is more than Brian Eno's video game noises can  rescue.  Lemon is the album's second high point; it is no surprise that  this is the one they spent the most time recording.  Eno's strings add a  particulary interesting touch at the end of the song, which leads nicely  into Stay, the most U2-sounding piece here.  Unfortunately, there is a  significant drop-off after it; Daddy's Gonna pay for Your Crashed Car is  interesting but not a genuinely-good song, Some Days are Better than Others  is a throwaway, For the First time is a cheap rehash of All I Want is You,  Dirty Day is mediocre (the remixes on the Please single are far better),  and the Wanderer (sung by Jonny Cash, of all people) is a very unsatisfying  closer.  The bottom line is this:  Zooropa could have been perhaps U2's  best albums, had they waited a year or so to write enough songs to fill it  up and give each one the time it warranted.  As it is, Zooropa comes of as  a work-in-progress, with suggestions of greatness marred by long stretches  of aimlessness that should have never left the studio.  However, I have to  admit, for all my criticisms of Zooropa, I've probably listened to it a  thousand times.
0375501851|5.0|(I haven't posted a book review since the beggining of the year)EXCELLENT!  This book was absolutely rich in cultures, childhood and childish (i.e., from the adults) behaviors. Zadie covered every topic  imaginable. Zadie's prose artfully and vividly evoked many memories for me.  The most memorable were (1) the authentic Jamaican patios; (2) teenage hair  perming with clumps of hair falling out; (3) the Muslims' deep dislike of  pork eaters; (4) the fanatical Jehovah Witnesses and their many  preparations for DOOMSDAY; and (5) the weed, ganja, spliff, blunt, rut, etc  consumers. <br />This book embraces so many topics, there is something in it  for every reader. <br />For a first time novelist, how can anyone top this? I  eagerly look forward to the next.
B000001EAQ|5.0|First of all, let's clear up a few myths about this album: 1:  Pop is not  a techno album - at least no more than Achtung Baby or Zooropa are techno  albums.  Unlike its misguided sister record, David Bowie's  &quot;Earthling,&quot; Pop uses electronic beats surprisingly sparingly,  and has a less sterile feel than either of its two immediate predecessors.  2:  Pop is not a pop album.  While some songs are obviously singles, the  majority are not so accessible.     While critics and fans never seem to  tire of panning this one, it has a few things that set it apart from their  other albums.  First of all, it is entirely without throwaway or  &quot;clone songs&quot; (by this I mean the embarrassing similarities  between All I Want is You and For the First Time, The Fly and Acrobat,  etc.)  Even the weaker songs have many redeeming qualities, and the album  grows with each successive listening.  The criticisms of its lyrical  content continue to puzzle me, they don't seem to be altogether different  than the trademark mix of social irony, conscience, and Irish  nationalism/Catholicism that cover most of their albums (However, there is  one glaring error, Bono's description of &quot;Southern accents&quot; in  Miami; we do not have Southern accents).  Granted, the album does not have  a song that is as majestic as &quot;Where the Streets Have No Name&quot; or  &quot;New Year's Day,&quot; but tracks like &quot;Discotheque,&quot;  &quot;Do You Feel Loved,&quot; and &quot;Last Night on Earth&quot; all rank  among U2's best.  Don't believe the anti-hype; give this album a chance and  don't worry about being burned at the stake for saying it's better than  Achtung Baby or The Joshua Tree.
B00003CWNR|4.0|This was an excellent movie.  I really enjoyed it.  However, the Academy waisted many nominations on this movie. Last year was a great year for movies, and there were a ton of movies that were better then this, that  deserved nominations, i.e. &quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley&quot;,  &quot;Magnolia&quot;, &quot;Toy Story 2&quot;, &quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot;,  &quot;Cradle Will Rock&quot;, and so on.  However, it was a really powerful  movie, filled with beauty, emotion, and excellent performances by Michael  Caine, Tobey Maguire, Erica Badu, and Cherlize Theron.  I did think that  Tom Cruise was far better in &quot;Magnolia&quot;, then Michael Caine was  here, but I really thought that Caine pulled off the guilt of abortion,  very well.  Also, everyone has a bias to cute, little orphans.  Lasse  Halstrom's handywork is amazing and is a director that deserves a lot more  credit in Hollywood.  The story was very good, as well, and deserved the  best screenplay award.  &quot;Cider&quot; is definately a movie worth  watching, and will probably be a popular favorite in the years to come.
630575067X|5.0|Ok, now how do I stand up to the critics who bashed this film.  Well, first I'll thank them for lowering my expectations so that when I saw it I was blown away once again by George Lucas' vision.  I can still remember  walking out of that crowded theater thinking, &quot;those critics didn't  know what they were talking about.&quot;  This film is a visually stunning  acheivement, of course full of ground-breaking effects.  I thoroughly  enjoyed the story and characters.  I felt the same childlike awe that the  original had.  Now I know many said that the characters were not developed  enough but remember that this is the beginning of a six-part series.  Mr.  Lucas can't develop and explain everything in the first episode.  This is  an ongoing saga and I feel that Episode I fits in well.  Now when watching  it make sure you pay attention.  There is alot of detail packed into this  story that can be missed.  It's like a kaleidoscope.  There are several   instances of forshadowing of future events.  And keep an open mind.  If you  watch the film mainly looking for flaws, well, that kinda ruins the whole  experience.  And as for the critics, well, perhaps they are &quot;getting  too old for this sort of thing.&quot;  Anyways, I thoroughly recommend this  film.  Lucas is a wonderful storyteller and The Phantom Menace is full of  color, energy, and imagination.  Thank you Mr. Lucas for keeping myth alive  and allowing me to feel the wonder and awe of my inner child at heart.
6305165912|5.0|I don't remember seeing the trailer for this movie, or remember it coming  to the theaters. A friend of mine told me it was worth watching so I rented  it, then bought it, and have watched it about 5 times over the past 2  years. It is one of my all time favorite movies. It's amazing how a movie  of this caliber can get so overlooked.
630438551X|4.0|Just the whole look of this movie is great. Some people didn't like this  modern take on Romeo and Juliet, but I think it was pretty good. The music  and visual style was stunning, and the story was just as effective as  Shakespeare intended.<br />This movie makes me wish I was 15 and in love for  the first time again.
B0000027RL|5.0|If Nevermind was the alternative rock movement's lightning bolt, Ten was its thunderclap.  And just as Nevermind reclaimed for youth the voice of its angst and desperation out of the skin-shallow wash of 80s glam and hair  rock, Ten recaptured for youth its anger, rebellion and energy.<br />From the  first dissonant overdrive at the opening of &quot;Once,&quot; Pearl Jam  delivered with Ten an album of nonstop power, emotion and variety that few  albums match.  How many albums hit you in the face so hard you can feel it?   Make you feel the emotion welling up in your eyes and tightening your gut?  This one does, believe it, and it's for this that Ten will likely go down  as one of the two or three great classics of the alternative era.<br />So  what's the music like? It's hard-edged, it's mostly loud, but it's  definitely not just straight-ahead rock 'n' roll.  They sound loud, they  boom, but listen closer and you find that they do it with infinite  complexity and selectivity: single-line guitar melodies over bass drums,  individual musical lines rather than chords, off-rhythms, and highly varied  song structures.  So when they take to a ballad like Black (god - so  painful), they can deliver it with a lot more range and shading than most  bands are capable of. There's a lot of Jimi Hendrix and Led Zeppelin in the  music.<br />And then there's that voice.  Growling, screaming, menacing,  pitch-perfect and the lead ball of all the world's hurt, Eddie Vedder is a  supernatural phenomemon.  Poetic grace and lyrical sensitivity, he is  arguably the greatest lead singer in rock n' roll history (with my  apologies to Layne Staley and Chris Cornell).<br />Their subsequent records  have ranged from the intriguing intellectual of Vs. to the downright  mediocre. Fans tend to like the band's records depending on what year they  get on the bandwagon.  But Ten is the one great moment for them when they  played to their greatest strengths and created a classic.
B000002H4Q|4.0|Robert Smith has a compelling voice and great lyrics. This was the first  Cure album I listened to, and I was impressed.<br />&quot;One More Time&quot;  is absolutely one of the best love songs I've ever heard! Even in this year  2000, it sounds fresh and relevant. It's worth buying the whole album. This  song is the BOMB.
0788816454|5.0|I loved this movie!  It was very funny and Adam Sandler can really act.  It's one of those fun movies you'll wanna watch over again.  Everyone should see this!
0385491026|5.0|I first read Cat's Eye upon it's publication in 1989. I was twelve years old and at that time particularly enjoyed the bits about her adolescence. However, I did not fully understand the painful magic, that is the real  beauty in this tale, until the age of 20. This novel is a woman's struggle  to deal the demons of her past, her intense love/hate relationship with the  elusive Cordelia, and her own life as a woman relating to other women.  Although the main charachter, Elaine, claims to &quot; not understand  girls&quot; and is openly heterosexual, there is a searing lesbian  melodrama that lurks within her obsession with Cordelia. This subtle  element provides taut frustration to the story. The grisly description of  life in Toronto in the 40's and 50's is also a wonderful, perhaps  educational, bonus. Ms. Atwood's clever insights into the cruelty of  children, the secret relationships of women, and the workings of  universe-according to Stephen Hawking, Physicist and a blurry, unaccepting  and somehow unbelievable God- are truly what makes this novel an  unforgettable reading experience for anyone, male or female.
6303402348|5.0|I've heard of Forrest Gump many times, so two days ago, I decided to rent it.  To my surprise, this is a very brilliant movie!  I am also a fan of Tom Hanks and I do think that this is his best movie.  The characters are  played so well and its so real, you could easily feel their emotions.  It's  dramma, comedy, and more all mixed in one.  I LOVED this movie!  I agree  with the other reviewers, that everyone must see it!  It's one of those  unforgettable films.
0312243022|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised -- over and over again -- with this book. As a reader without much interest in Virginia Wolff the person, I wasn't expecting such compelling fiction. I fell into the patterns and themes of  the book immediately and Cunningham did a wonderful job of telling the  stories without explaining them. Overall, I think it's as interesting as  one can make a Virginia Wolff story to those like me who have only a  passing iterest in her personally. It certainly spoke to my sense of  literature and art and I recommend it to anyone who's not afraid to open  their mind to possibility and coincidence.
B000002LCK|4.0|This album is one of my favorite possessions. Every song on the first side is lovely. The second disc is lacking in a lot of areas, but it still has the lovely &quot;Lonesome Tonight&quot; and &quot;1963&quot;. The first  disc is full of art pop gems like &quot;Temptation&quot;,  &quot;Everything's Gone Green&quot;, and the blissful &quot;Perfect  Kiss&quot;. It makes me long for a new release from this elusive band, but  each listen only proves this to be one of the ultimate music collections  ever. If you are new to the band, I would suggest getting this album first.  It will keep you happy for a long long time.
B000002897|5.0|I wouldn't call the (now sadly defunct) Screaming Trees a grunge band and anyone hoping to find a new Alice In Chains by buying this album will be dissapointed. But it is one of my favourite albums ever because it does not  have a bad song on it. If you listen to the sound samples you should start  to understand what i mean. Well worth a purchase
B000006045|5.0|So there's this whole new trip-hop thing that everyone is so excited about. But Massive Attack transcend conventional music monikers and set forth one of the greatest albums of all time. This album is a big black  metallic structure, full of throbbing synthesizers, ghostly vocals, and an  overall mood of darkness. Songs like &quot;Teardrop&quot; showcase the  band's skill for crafting hypnotic ballads with an ominous keyboard riff  and a drumbeat that most resembles a ticking bomb. &quot;Interita  Creeps&quot; and &quot;Mezzanine&quot; seem murderous, with their creepy  lyrics and dark stormy intrumentations. Overall, this is a phenomenal  album, full of atmosphere and heart.
0783229526|5.0|Oh didn't we all enjoy the exploits of Raoul Duke and Dr Gonzo - but let's  face it, it all hit a little too close to home for some of us didn't it.  This film is genius, you'll laugh you'll cry (etc). Johnny Depp is  brilliant in this film and this was certainly one of the best films of the  nineties. You'll get the most out of this film if you've ever lived it  (know what i mean?) or (most importantly) you have a sense of humour  (preferably a strange one). Some people hate this film - but not me. I've  heard that the book is better than the film (people always say that don't  they) but sadly for me i can't read so i won't be getting around to that  anytime soon.
6305892946|5.0|I thought this movie was GREAT!  I would have never supcpected her step brother has the killer.  I can watch this movie over and over again and never get tired of it!
B000023X9W|5.0|... you'll be very pleased with this disc. The vibe is mellow and direct, nostalgic and free. Three songs strike me the most: &quot;Silver &amp; Gold&quot;, a bouncy and tender little love ditty writtin in 1982;  &quot;Razor Love&quot;, with its brooding romanticism; and &quot;Without  Rings&quot;, displaying Neil's stark and barren approach to his most  emotional writing. But, there's livelier fare as well: &quot;Daddy Went  Walkin'&quot; is cut from the same cloth as &quot;Old King&quot; on  _Harvest_Moon_, and &quot;Buffalo Springfield Again&quot; is a fun  reminiscence of the good ole days.<br />All in all, this is a great disc, and  a must for anyone who appreciates the music of Neil Young.
B00000IO4J|4.0|well i love this movie. the plot is good and easy to follow and they dont use to many big words. space aliens are trying to take over the planet and its up to several high schoolers to stop um. this movie is great but i  would only rent this video.
014028009X|3.0|A friend recommended this book to me so I thought I'd try it out.I thought it would bore me to tears. But it didn't! Bridget Jones is so funny! And I really like the way she always makes an embarassing or downright awful  situation, seem so funny. This book taught me to look at the lighter side  of life and not take things too seriously. I've tried reading  &quot;diary&quot; books like Adrian Mole (couldn't get past the first 15  pages) but Bridget Jones is the best so far. However I gave it 3 stars  because I didn't find it that memorable, just very readable for a  &quot;diary&quot;.
B00001U03Q|4.0|This covers his best stuff from the 80's and 90's. If you want his best stuff from the 60's and 70's, buy &quot;the Cream of Clapton&quot;. It includes stuff from Cream. If you want a total compilation, buy both and  youll be set.
B00004U8H4|1.0|Here's an experiment.  Get some friends together, come up with $5000 and try to make a movie worse than American Psycho.  Remember, though, you need to be uniquely gifted.  First, pick a novel to butcher.  It doesn't really  matter what novel you pick, because what you are going to want to do is rob  it of its tone.  For instance, use Catcher in the Rye as your source  material for a gay porn flick.  You can do this because of that one little  part late in the book where Holden's old teacher makes a pass at him.   Okay, so we've got a gay porn Catcher, great.  Next, cast someone  thouroughly inappropriate to play the lead.  If American Psycho is our  template where the elegantly sinister yet vacuous Patrick Bateman is  transformed by Christian Bale into a grinning momo who can't dress himself,  then we need to turn our beloved, irreverent Holden into a punctual English  schoolboy complete with knickers, a crucifix, and a tongue which only gets  fiesty when it's time for some serious action.  Finally, remember how  Ellis' novel was a serious gorefest?  Remember the bum on fifth having his  eye sliced out to inaugurate it all and then the rats routing tunnels  through that chick's torso to conclude the festivities?  Well, none of that  is in the movie.  Neither were the &quot;hardbodies&quot;, dapper threads  or Donald Trump musings which permeated the novel.  It's all right though.   Catcher in the Rye had no sex at all, and when there was mention of sex by  Holden, it was in relation to females. When it's all over, release the bugger on  DVD with some outtakes and multiple angles.  And don't  forget to claim that you were trying to &quot;rescue&quot; the novel from  its own bad reputation.
B00004RERW|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums of all times. Celine dion well and truly has the best voice in the world and displays it  extremely well in almost every song she has sang in the past decade. This album features some  magnificent chart topping songs such as 'power of love, think twice, my  heart will go on, because you loved me and beauty and the beast'. Also her  latest singles (the 7 new tracks) are also superb. Celine Dion is clearly  the no.1 female artist of the decade and is a must purchase by any of her  fans.
B00000272N|5.0|Im writting this review, because it seems that many AIC fans, are owning  only one album, or few of them. To understand the band, you have to have  all of the records. And I dont have to go into the details why this album  is good. Some things I like, other wont, but I gave it 5 stars...so, take  a guess. Oh, yes...one more thing...you all keep talking about hit-songs,  like &quot;Man in the box&quot;. I say, that one of the best songs EVER is  on this album, and that is &quot;Love, Hate, Love&quot;. Why ?? Well, take  the lyrics, turn off the lights, and bring a friend to the table (Chivas  perhaps, but Jack Daniels will do as well)...and pump up the  volume...youll see why.
B00001NFCY|4.0|Having never heard of Creed until a couple of weeks ago, i was at first  skeptical about it. I remember hearing about Creed somewhere, and i thought  it was just more stuff along the lines of Metallica and Pearl Jam (which  aren't bad, don't get me wrong, but are just not completely my style). Boy,  was i wrong. I fell in love with this CD the first time i listened to it. I  get the feeling that Creed honestly cares about its music. 'Beautiful',  'Are you Ready', 'What If', and 'Higher' are all great pieces of music, my  favorites off of this CD, and the rest follow very closely. This CD, i have  found, is perfect for me when i am trying to do homework or research  something. I really can't describe Creed's appeal to me- it's just  something i really enjoyed despite being skeptical about it. I recommend  this CD to just about everyone, whether they are into this kind of music or  not. This gets a 4 1/2 in my book, for the reason that it was just a little  on the short side. I thought this CD was well worth the money and is an  excellent purchase.
0679416781|4.0|With wonderful characters, Ondaatje explores the varieties of love.  The book has a gentle, almost contemplative feel.  I found myself identifying with different aspects of the characters, and saw people I know in some  others.
B00000JCB2|4.0|'Limp Bizkit's rocking the set, it's like russian roulette when your placin' your bet so don't be upset when your broke and your done cause I'm gonna be the one till I jet'. Now I never was a fan of Limp and never was  until I seen the Break Stuff video on MTV. The first time I saw it, I  didn't like it, 5 times later I was into the song. I don't know, but it's  just something about his style, the kind of layed back, I don't really give  a f**k style. That's what drew me to Limp Bizkit. I really didn't take time  to listen to Three Dollar Bill Y'all but I really like Significant Other.  My favorite songs are; &quot;Just Like This&quot;, &quot;Nookie&quot;,  &quot;Break Stuff&quot;, &quot;N 2 Gether Now&quot;, and &quot;Show Me What  You Got&quot;. Also the ones I missed that I also liked where the intro and  outro. I don't why people are dissing on &quot;N 2 Gether Now&quot; cause I  think is rockin', I like the song and even the instrumental is cool. This  CD is cool to anyone who likes Limp Bizkit or who likes the rap/rock style.
0517122707|5.0|He's obnoxious...he's opinionated...he's dysfunctional...yet under it all he is brilliant.  Who is he?  He's Ignatius J. Reilly, the absurd modern day philosopher who's mission is to crusade for moorish dignity and to  teach the human race his worldview.<br />One evening in New Orleans, Ignatius  and his dim-witted mother go to the Night of Joy Bar for a few drinks.  On  the way home, with Ignatius riding in the back seat of their 1946 Plymouth  and a tipsy Mrs. Reilly behind the wheel, they crash into a building  leaving it damaged and the owner furious.  Mrs. Reilly is liable for  payments yet has no money.  The solution?  She demands that her over-weight  unemployed 30 year old son Ignatius, who has never held down a job get one.   Reluctantly, Ignatius hits the streets of New Orleans in search of  employment.  When he gets his first job working in the office of Levy Pants  Factory he describes himeself in his journal as a pacifist working  boy.<br />When chaos strikes around every corner, you know Ignatius is there.   First he gathers all the factory workers at Levy Pants to stage a protest  against poor working conditions.  Things get out of hand, a short-lived  riot ensues and Ignatius's big plan backfires.  He gets fired from his job  and is then forced to make a living as a hot dog vendor.  His mother  becomes very distraught that her beloved son must stoop to, &quot;selling  weenies.&quot;  One mishap after another happens as the new weenie man  comes into contact with the vivid characters that rome the french quarter  of the city.<br />I admit, I was a bit skeptical when I first picked up this  book.  It took a few chapters before I really got absorbed but then...WHOA!   The wild storyline took off like an F-14 Tomcat cruising down the runway  for a takeoff.  What really makes this novel so original and comical is its  colorful array of characters.  There is Miss Trixie, the senile secretary  for Levy Pants who refers to Ignatius as Gloria.  There's Mrs. Levy, whom  believes she is the next Sigmund Freud because she took a correspondence  course in psychology.  Also there is policeman Mansuco, a rookie cop who is  assigned to work undercover in the streets of the city wearing outrageous  costumes.  Let's not forget Myrna Minkoff, Ignatius's female friend from  college who now resides in New York City and corresponds regularly with  him.  Myrna is a sex-crazed hippy who is given to anti-government protests  and whose ultimate goal is to see Ignatius lose his virginity.  The list of  lively people that cross Ignatius's path is too ample to state.  Ignatius  even befriends a homosexual man and unknowingly finds himself at a gay  party that he thinks has been organized as a new political movement to  spread his philosophical cause.  All in all, this bustling novel is  definitely worth a read.  Fasten your seat belt and get ready to be taken  on a frenzied journey!
B00003CX5A|5.0|First off I think this is one of Tim Burton's best movies ever. Don't get me wrong, I loved Batman, Edward Scissorhands, and the rest of them, but this film blew my mind.<br />The casting was excellent. Johnny Depp did an  amazing job of creating a new Ichabod Crane. He had that unmatchable mix of  nervousness and wit. Christina Ricci matched the voluptous Katrina Van  Tassel head to toe, I felt like I was watching the cartoon. Ray Park was an  excellent headless horseman, along with the role of Darth Maul (Star  Wars:Episode One) under his belt he has proven to be the most admired  villain there is, atleast from my point of view.<br />What really made this  movie was the score. Danny Elfman, collaborated an amazing score, that made  the movie ten times more scary. I've always admired Danny's ability to be  able to know what the audience needs to hear at a certain point in a movie.  Sleepy Hollow had points in it when you're expecting bone chilling music,  and you don't hear, and it makes everything better, because you don't know  what to expect.<br />Tim Burton's reunion with Danny Elfman, and Johnny Depp  ,makes Sleepy Hollow a must see for all Burton fans.
B000002L9J|5.0|When you put two volatile creative forces together you have to expect something special, and that is exactly what this record is. The friction  between the two artists creates one of the best pictures popular music has  to offer.  Marr's incredible musical ability at creating ringing guitar  hooks throughout the album prevents it from ever becoming melancholy, which  Morrisseys lyrics threaten to do from time to time. At the same time  though, Morrisseys lyrics lift the whole album to a completely new musical  level, catchy music that had a poingant message unlike any other artist at  the time. This was the album however where the two forces combined to make  a cohesive whole album which really felt like an album.  The thunderous  opening track which rocks harder than any other Smiths track through the  melancholy of &quot;I know it's over&quot; which on listening to it for the  first time touched me like no other song has.  &quot;Bigmouth strikes  again&quot; comes at the middle of the album and truly repesents a musical  and lyrical highpoint for the band with an incredible guitar motif in the  middle. It is true that the Smiths made many more great singles that match  the best moments on this, but never before or again would they come  together to create this kind of friction.  A masterpiece!
B00004TDTO|5.0|The best part of this classic brought back to life was the behind the scenes interview with Steven Spielberg. It offered really good insight on the film, and how it came to be one of the better horror/adventure movies  of the 70's. It goes to show why Spielberg is one of the best directors of  all time.
B00003CX95|5.0|This movie captures all the theme I expect in a movie...has context, it has meat!  It's rare nowadays to have a production that would cater to the likings of everyone; love, romance, action, deception, betrayal,  compassion, true friendship, etc...BRAVEHEART has it all.  Especially, this  movie highlights the true virtue of &quot;DETERMINATION,&quot; as well as,  PATRIOTISM!   Yet, with all its heart-pounding, exhilarating, action  filled scenes...Mel Gibson managed to introduce comedy within this  movie...spectacular!
B00000DC10|5.0|Refused. . .my punk messiahs.  Fueled by political hatred, Refused has conquered the hardcore punk scene for so long. Without any warning, the aggressive band broke up after the release of this album.  The Shape of  Punk to Come is one uneven masterpiece. Truly, a work of rare art. What was  spawned as an experimental project has become a classic. No album can offer  such divine anger and musical harmony.  There are vicious complaints about  the added techno, but it blends nicely with the metalish guitar riffs. I'm  god-awful ashamed that I discovered the band when they parted. Thanks to  Punk-O-Rama 4, I found the Sweden band with their emotion-lifting ballad,  Summer Holidays Vs. Punk Routine. The song literally hauls your neck,  ordering you to make something of your worthless life.  After their  discovery,  I gladly purchased my first Refused album.  Never have I  heard such celestial Punk come to life and thunder. In all honesty, this is  the highest honor I can give any CD. I'd pay a million dollars for this  unforgettable classic.  There are 12 emotional, cutthroat tracks. Most  are hardcore, harmonized with attractive screaming melody. Dennis Lyxzen,  the vocalist, has no equal to his singing capabilities. His voice is  appealing. Dennis's vocals can be deciphered, his pain, the anger, the  fear, and the shredded hope. His ruthless screams and actual singing are  done in excellence. The drums are massive with the hard- hitting bass  backing it up. Both instruments combined make heart-throbbing music. The  Guitar riffs are Metal, but matches every instrument perfectly.  Being  political Punk, Refused's lyrics are based on anger towards the government.  The real fact that bands like Refused never see the light of fame without  selling out is heartbreaking. &quot;Liberation Frequency,&quot; is such a  moving song. It teaches how corrupt the radio can be, as well as fame.  Refused's lyrics are complex as they are clever. The Shape of Punk To Come  is a total success.  Their experiment, mixing instruments like the  violin, upright bass, and tambourine, gives a classical music element.  Although the word classical music seems threatening, Refused has a style of  power to grab the listener like Summer Holidays Vs. Punk Routine did to me.  Dennis's political expression is enhanced by the instruments. Together,  Refused is one block of uplifting chaos. &quot;The Deadly Rhythm,&quot; is  an example of great diversity in a song. What seems as a jazzy song  transforms into a raging uproar.  Amazing.  These guys are power.  Although I haven't been a fan when the band was pristine, I have to say  this is the greatest band. Sadly, they parted 2 years ago. Though hope lies  on the vocalist, who joined The International Noise Conspiracy. His endless  cause continues. I wish Refused could carry on their robust, heavy punk  once more.  This is the best what the underground scene can provide, this  is the best hardcore Punk band, and this is the paramount album of Punk  history. Refused has contributed to the evolution of Punk. And, therefore,  they are the true Punk Messiahs.a total success.     Their experiment, mixing instruments like the  violin, upright bass, and tambourine, gives a classical music element.  Although the word classical music seems threatening, Refused has a style of  power to grab the listener like Summer Holidays Vs. Punk Routine did to me.  Dennis's political expression is enhanced by the instruments. Together,  Refused is one block of uplifting chaos. &quot;The Deadly Rhythm,&quot; is  an example of great diversity in a song. What seems as a jazzy song  transforms into a raging uproar.  Amazing.     These guys are power.  Although I haven't been a fan when the band was pristine, I have to say  this is the greatest band. Sadly, they parted 2 years ago. Though hope lies  on the vocalist, who joined The International Noise Conspiracy. His endless  cause continues. I wish Refused could carry on their robust, heavy punk  once more.    This is the best what the underground scene can provide, this  is the best hardcore Punk band, and this is the paramount album of Punk  history. Refused has contributed to the evolution of Punk. And, therefore,  they are the true Punk Messiahs.
6304474652|5.0|The movie is a very heart warming movie and tells a tale of two hopeless lovers who find each other by pure accident and found out that they were meant to be for eachother.
B000001ESJ|4.0|I know on the last review, I said that this album was pretty mediocre. So I put it in my cd shelf for a week and didn't touch it. So that week later, I found myself coming back to it,and all of a sudden, I fell in love with  it. I listened to it at least 20 times in a 2-day period.  The first song  &quot;A Farewell To Kings&quot;, starts off with some beautiful classical  guitar, then it turns into a rocker. &quot;Xanadu&quot;, was the song that  made me want to purchase this disc. It's a very melodic 11-minute song with  alot of atmosphere (I don't think I'm all that good with words, so please  bear with me!). &quot;Closer To The Heart&quot;, was another song that I  heard off the radio, so I knew I would like at least 2 songs off the album.  &quot;Cinderella Man&quot;, which Geddy Lee wrote the lyrics for, is  another favorite on the album. <br />&quot;Madrigal&quot;, is very melodic and  soothing, once again, I'm not good at explaing too much in words  <br />&quot;Cygnus X-1&quot;, which I said I totally hated, has oddly enough  turned out to be what I consider my personal favorite of the album, this  along with the album was a grower. To me this song sounds as if it didn't   belong with the other songs on the album. It sounds as if it started a  whole other album of it's own (The first part of &quot;Hemispheres&quot;,  oddly enough) This song is a little bit  shorter than &quot;Xanadu&quot;,  but much, much more complicated. The last two vocal parts of the song  really gives the listener a fright while Geddy lee is screaming at the top  of his lungs against the backdrop of the dark keys of the guitar and bass,  while Neil Peart is beating the drums into submission. It is total  insanity. My personal favorite part of the song is when they get into this  explosive rock section in the key of E,and the beat and key are repeated  simultaneously. I have no idea what the time signature is (I think it gets  8 beats a count) it's really complicated, but I love it. Only musical  geniuses can play music like this. Someone said that Rush's music is like a  classical piece, where you have to strive to listen to the message and the  music, that person was right This song, particularly the section that I  mentioned as my favorite,is enough to drive the average music listener  nuts. It might not be easy for every listener to keep up with those insane  tempos because I think this type of music is for SERIOUS music fans with  patience, and an attention span.<br />The reason why I like Rush so much is  that they put alot of atmosphere in their music. They have a sound like no  other It's just so hard to put how I really feel about theit music into  words. I think they were an underrated band with an exceptional talent to  make good music.<br />All in all, a great album by Rush It took time to grow  on me,and is was worth the wait, and as I said before, I think the best  albums are the ones that take time to grow!<br />thanks for reading my review!
0380002930|5.0|This epic about a traveling band of rabbits is a classic.  Rarely can a writer write about animals that is INTERESTING as well as FACTUAL.  Bravo, Richard Adams!
B000002KBU|5.0|Okay, I'll confess: I was once a Jewlwie-- You know, one of those &quot;Soulful-song&quot; seekers who though that Jewel was a brilliant genious of some sort for her simple melodies, and appropriately placed  gasps of air.  Amazon reccommended &quot;Blue&quot; and I bought it--  It  completely changed by view of both Joni Mitchell and Jewel.  It firstly  made me realize that Joni Mitchell is a great musician and poet.  She's  honest and deep-- but not blatantly so.  You, the listener, have to work in  order to understand her music. (It's not like the new dumbed-down songs  that scream &quot;HEY LOOK! THIS SONG IS ABOUT GIVING UP A KID! ISN'T IT  SOOOOOO DEEP! ) Secondly, I realized that Jewel SUCKS!  When compared  to Joni (who she obviously tries to mimic) Jewel seems phony, shallow, and  desperate.  So, If you are a Jewel fan, I beg you-- PLEASE buy this album.   See where the inspiration came from.  See what pure, unbridled emotion  sounds like before it gets ripped off by some young Alaskan with a guitar.
0451450523|4.0|The movie does not hold a candle to this delightful story.
0425170349|2.0|As an avid Tom Clancy fan, having read all of his Jack Ryan novels as well as his previous John Clark story, I was excited about reading his new book.  But unfortunately, I finished it with a bitter taste in my mouth.  The  story, while well researched as always, and including all the technical  detail Clancy novels are known for, was just too far-fetched.  While one  could easily imagine his other stories as really happening in the real  world, this was just too much to grasp.  The majority of the characters  were very two-dimensional, leaving you wanting for more insight.  Not to  say that there weren't good parts...the terrorist takedowns were very  exciting, and Popov's role was intriguing, but it didn't make up for the  glaring weaknesses elsewhere...and the ending was very frivolous, with the  superhuman team armed with everything going against people with next to  nothing...he could have done it much better.  Overall, quite disappointing.
B00004RFDW|4.0|This is one of those films Warners considered their bread and butter in the thirties and forties, the banner to be taken up by Fox in the late forties and early fifties - a realistic look at corruption and the forces  of good that attempt to expose it.  The material is historical but the  filmmakers use the tried and true film formula (most notably by ALL THE  PRESIDENT'S MEN)for bringing it to the screen.    It earned seven Oscar  noms including Best Film, Direction, Screenplay and Actor (Russell  Crowe)but failed to pick up a statue.  It is unrelentingly depressing but  riveting none the less.   Al Pacino delivers one of his best performances  and deserved an equal Best Actor nod with Crowe.  Christopher Plummer  delivers a delicous parody of Mike Wallace.   We KNEW the tobabcco industry  was corrupt but we didn't know SIXTY MINUTES and the network were - it's  surprising the filmmakers were not sued but then if the material they had  was factual, a law suit would have only brought the network more shame.  At  the end of a film like this when good has triumphed but been trampled in  the process and even those you trust turn out to be villains, one is left  with a most depressing message about the human race and modern civilization  - therefore, the cathartic value of such a film is deprived of its raison  d'etre - it gets kudos for realism and truth but not for art.
B000002HAF|5.0|This is the Pixies I fell in love with. Back when this album came out, I thought punk rock had nothing more to offer. The Pixies prooved me wrong. This is punk rock that forces you to listen.  Buy this, go on a really long  roadtrip and just crank it. You can listen to this cd 100 times in a row  and never tire of it. This cd is definately on my top ten favorite list.
6305807043|2.0|So this doesn't appeal to everyone.   Has there ever been a modern ego as big as Mr. Malkovich's - or one so little justified?   This is a joke - no, I don't mean it's a bad film, I mean the film is one big joke - so if you  like this sort of surreal, oh-so-terribly-clever if you're of the yuppy  generation and think YOU'RE so terribly clever, exponent of meaningless and  purposeless film making, you'll be in heaven.  I was not.  Inexplicably  nominated for direction and screenplay - proving once again there is a  great contingent of artless voters in the Academy's roster - however, one  does have to doff the hat at two performances, the rightfully Oscar  nominated supporting work of Catherine Keener, and the unjustly  Oscar-neglected work of Cameron Diaz.  They are both quite fine and the  only reasons to see this bizarre little film.
6303824382|4.0|The third and last installment in the Die Hard trilogy is entertaining and comes out to be the second best in the series. NYPD Lieutenant John McClane is divorced with his wife Holly, and  just when he thinks things can't get  much worse, insane German terrorist Simon Gruber (a briiliant performance  by Jeremy Irons and the brother of villain Hans Gruber in the first film)  has set loads of bombs around NYC and is sending McClane, who teams up with  a hostile Harlem shopkeeper (played to perfection by Samuel L. Jackson)  around the city to complete almost impossible tasks while he is stealing  the gold from the Federal Reserve. The script isn't that great, yet the  story is intruiging  and interesting, and Willis is good once again. The  music is the best of the series, and the action and stunts are incredible,  including a destructive drive through NYC and subway explosion, a  helicopter shootout, a fight in Harlem, and another car chase. It is great  fun to watch McClane and Carver (Jackson) fight while trying to accomplish  their task, and it is also fun to see McClane match wits with Gruber's  slick German accent, possibly the best villain of the series. However, two  things this film suffers from is the absence of Bonnie Bedilia as McClane's  wife and the dark effect that Die Hard 2 had. Overall, an awesome action  film and worth buying or renting.
630587493X|2.0|Another of those films that is too long at 2-1/2 hours but which is warm and touching.  It's a variation on the PINOCCHIO story with a futuristic robot yearning to become human and who succeeds in that endeavor only to  see those he loves die from generation to generation. It's a treatise on  what it is to be human and how love actually works and is rather a lovely  little film. If it could have been edited down to even a two hour running  time it might have worked better.  The Academy Oscar nommed it for Make-up  but it also deserved nods for Costume Design, Sound Effects and Score - all  quite exceptional.  A nice movie for the whole family.
0800103661|5.0|In a perfectionist near-future wherein biotechnology has trumped natural selection, de&quot;gene&quot;erate Vincent refuses to know his genetic place-that of a flawed, second class drone, meant only to labor lowly and  die. He painfully, eventually, realizes his celestial dream and leaves  beind the oppression of his world. But let's set aside the obvious  Hitlerian overtones and wonder if perhaps genetic engineering-resulting in  a theoretically improved being-isn't something to be cautiously welcomed as  part of the inevitable, ever-evolving Darwinian process that is, after all,  the human condition. This very intelligent film chooses to look at the dark  side of genetics, only grudgingly acknowedging its potential to perhaps  advance human progress light years beyond what it otherwise could. The  acting is uniformly excellent and the art direction is beautifully minimal  and elegant. Not to be missed by fans of provocative science fiction  (fact?)
B00003CX59|5.0|This is Tim Burton's best film to date - all of his macabre and funny observations on myth and human nature culminate in this slightly altered version of Irving's timeless horror classic.  The ensemble work is  exceptional.   The cinematography, art direction, editing, score and sound  are superlative throughout and make for a seamless and brilliant roller  coaster ride through a nightmare world.   Oscar noms went to the  Cinematography and Costume Design and the Art Direction deservedly ended up  in the winner's circle but how coud the Academy ignore that brilliant score  and that extraordinary editing?    This is just as good as it gets - very  highly recommended.
0780627024|5.0|Pleasantville is the best movie I've seen in a very very long time!<br />The story is genius, combining time travel with meta with parody on the American society. And the effect of the black &amp; white world  becoming increasingly (techni)colored is really brilliant, and also  brilliantly made.<br />An absolute must-see!
630575067X|2.0|This first of three prequels to the Star Wars trilogy is big on special effects (indeed it deserved to win an Oscar in this category but had to make do with noms for Visual Effects, Sound and Sound Effects) but mediocre  in terms of any human qualities, story interest or humor.  It's dreadfully  serious and uninvolving and rather formulaic - geared more for children  than for adults.  Not as deserving as the trilogy itself. For Star Wars  groupies only.
B00001SIES|5.0|Muse are often compared to Radiohead and I definatly agree but I think Matt and Co. take it a step further and take sections of Nirvana and put it into their music with angry guitars and a screaming Matt Belamy which hits  the notes perfectly evey time.<br />I got into Muse after their Radiohead  comparisons so I decided to check them out after finding their album for a  bargin 6.99 (I dunno how much that is in dollars) in a sale. I took it  home and never liked it at all but Iwanted to give them a chance and the CD  kept drawing me to it and each time after it got better and better each  time.<br />It has songs like the brilliant mellow Unintended and Falling Down  to (like most of the other tracks) agngry and aggresive but it's one of the  few albums you can listen to all the way through without hitting the skip  button at all.<br />I would put this album up with the greatest debut albums  of all time. Right up there with The Whos' My Generation,The Stone Roses  and Oasis' Definatly Maybe and I'm deadly serious about that.<br />RADIOHEAD,  DO YOUR WORST!
0140177396|5.0|This is undoubtably the best book i have ever read. Like The Grapes of Wrath (another great book by Steinbeck), he ends the book with events that are so emotional you can't get them out of your head. I love how he writes  (and i don't know why one of the other reviewers wrote about how annoying  the &quot;long&quot; descriptions of the scenery are, because they last  only a page!...keep in mind that the pages are small and the font is  relatively big). his characters are so believable and they are funny in  this book too. I laughed out a loud at least three times. Don't miss this  book, because when you finally read it you'll be upset you hadn't read it  sooner.
B00004SCX6|1.0|This CD STINKS. Britney Spears at her worst. Never buy this CD. Buy a single of Oops I did it again, but not this. All the songs sound the same.  And she really IS NOT that good. I am disapointed in this.
B00003CX95|5.0|In order to maintain the appearence of objectivity, I was going to rate this movie 4 stars.  But I just couldn't.  It really deserves 5, and it's going to get every one of them.  This movie features some of the most stunning cinematography I've ever seen (scenes of particular brilliance  include the deer-hunting scene and the slo-mo shots right before Gibson's  first rebellion), impeccable acting (I don't know why the British have been  hiding their actors from the American film industry - every one of the  British/Scottish actors in the film was amazing, and Patrick McGoohan (sp)  gave an incredible performance as Longshanks, not to mention newcomer  Sophie Marceau), a magical musical score, and on and on and on and on.   Physical elements alone qualify this work for the title of Best  Picture.<br />Yet, a number of people chastise Gibson and the movie for a  number of reasons, primarily its departure from historical accuracy.  I do  believe these people have missed the point, for I do not believe it is fair  to criticise a movie for failing to realize a goal for which it never  really strived.  I wonder: do these same people criticize Homer's &quot;The  Odyssey&quot;?  Do historical hardbodies cast aspersions at T.H. White's  &quot;Once and Future King&quot; for taking historical liberties with  &quot;King&quot; Arthur? (For that manner, any of the hundreds of  contributions to the Arthurian legend).  What about Robin Hood?  Beowulf?   Romance of the Three Kingdoms?  Why is it copacetic for a book to create a  myth around a cultural hero, but when it comes to film we must be expected  to be as straightlaced about historical fact as an army bootcamp is about  bedmaking and floor cleaning?  <br />I have read a lot of reviews below and a  number of criticisers of the film's historical authenticity spit out the  word &quot;epic&quot; as if it is a word that the American film industry  has abused and transmogrified into a catchphrase for luring in gullible  American movie-goers.  But I argue that Braveheart, and the historical  inaccuracies which it adopts (and it adopts many, which are nicely pointed  out elsewhere), fit the same formula for &quot;Epic Fiction&quot; that we  use to classify great (and I mean, universally accepted as great) epic  works of fiction such as the Iliad, the Odyssey, etc.  These works are not  about who did what where and when and in what fashion.  They are about the  myth, the hero, and the way that they have influenced the ideals of the  culture (italicize that).  Was there really a Grendel, a Cyclops shepherd,  a Wizard named Merlin, or  Chinese war heroes who could single-handedly  take on a small army?  No.  And yet, these works of fiction (and the  mythological heroes that they have created) have had as much if not more of  an impact on their respective cultures than any real life historical event.   The impact of the epic is therefore not to be underestimated.  Does the  fact that Gibson portrayed the battle of Sterling Bridge without a Bridge  really make that much of a differnce?  The end outcome was the same, at  least from an idealogical point of view.  He rallied his men to victory  with brilliant tactics against insurmountable odds.  The presence or  absence of a bridge, naked men, or twenty foot spears does not change that.   The myth survives.<br />Finally, regarding historical accuracy, there is the  fact that although the movie does take a lot of liberties in order to  portray a THEME - I am intelligent enough to suspend my disbelief during  the movie.  Furthermore, after the movie is over, (and this is a credit to  the movie-maker) I was intrigued enough to go do some research on the  subject from an objective historical source to find out what really  happened.  If a work of art (which is not, I remind you, required to be  objective - artistic objectivity is almost an oxymoron and film should not  be treated differently in this regard than any other form of art) instills  in me a desire to learn more about a subject while at the same time  portraying well the epic themes it sets out to portray, then in my book it  was a successful venture and worthy of all the accolades it  receives....Again, this is an epic, and just as a Greek epic might portray  the Trojans as ruthless savages and their own members as heroic  visionaries, I think it is acceptable for a Scottish epic to do the same to  the British.  And calling Gibson a homophobic is just ridiculous.  Whether  or not Edward II was really gay is not important.  If he was, then BY THE  STANDARDS OF THE DAY, he was an outcast, and would have been perceived,  especially by his father, as weak, without potential, and unfit to rule.   If he wasn't gay, but was just disinterested in ruling a kingdom (and  history is filled to the brim with examples of less than sterling royal  progeny), he would have again been seen (especially by his father) as weak,  without potential and unfit to rule (because fathers - especially kings -  have expectations of their sons), and questions about his sexuality would  have naturally begun to arise among the nobility and commonfolk.  What we  as viewers of a historical or epic piece of artwork must do is refrain from  judging said work by our standards.  Today, homosexuality is (for the most  part) accepted by society.  Back then, it wasn't, and the mere rumor was  enough to get you rejected from society (and vice-versa).  Therefore, in  light of the times in which the movie is set, the portrayal of the weak fop  of a prince, EdwardII, as homosexual is both acceptable and indicative of  the society that the movie was trying to portray.  It wouldn't, for  example, have made much sense to portray Edward I as gay.  Not because a  gay man couldn't be a successful King or military leader, but because a gay  man would never have achieved respect as a monarch - THEN - by the people  or his enemy.<br />In closing, this is an excellent film that deserves its  status as a best picture, despite (and perhaps because of) its historical  inaccuracies.  I encourage anyone with any interest in medieval history to  view it, because it might just entice you to look into more historically  accurate documents that, while not as entertaining as the movie iteself,  will give you a more wholistic picture of what really happened.
0671799320|5.0|An excellent history of the oil industry. This book civers fron the first oil find until today. It well documents the impact that oil has had on the world in the past as well as today. The formation of some of the biggest  industrial concerns in the history of the world a covered in this book as  well. The author also explains the dominant role of the Middle East in the  oil industry picture. This is a very informative and readable book even if  it is long. This book is a good writing on a subject that is hard to write  about. This book also does a good job describing the makeup and breakup of  the  Standard Oil Company. Be sure to read this book.
B0000296SI|5.0|BLINK 182 IS not JUST ANOTHER BOY BAND.  THEY WRITE THE MUSIC.  THEY PLAY THE INSTRUMENTS.  ITS their WORK YOUR LISTENING TO, NOT SOME UNKNOWN PRODUCER!  THE SONGS ARE ACTUALLY DIFFERENT!  I MEAN IT ISN'T JUST THE SAME  TYPE OF MUSIC WITH DIFFERENT LYRICS, THE MUSIC'S DIFFERENT!  SOME OF THE  SONGS ARE A LITTLE WEIRD, BUT THEY ALWAYS MAKE ME LAUGH!  &quot;ALIEN'S  EXIST&quot; AND &quot;THE PARTY SONG&quot; ARE PROBABLY THE STRANGEST.  I  LOVE &quot;WHAT'S MY AGE AGAIN?&quot; AND &quot;ALL THE SMALL THINGS&quot;  (ESPECIALLY AFTER I SAW THE VIDEO 53 TIMES:) NONE OF THE SONGS ARE SERIOUS,  THEY'RE JUST fun!  ALL OF THEM HAVE A GREAT BEAT AND THIS C-D IS GREAT FOR  PARTIES.  I RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WHO'S A BOY BAND FAN, AN ALTERNATIVE  FAN, OR A ROCK FAN!  BUY THIS C-D, YOU WON'T REGRET IT!  keep the blink  pride alive!
B00000ILDE|5.0|When it comes to showing you a completely different universe in which anything is possible and acid bleeding creatures jump out of walls, there is none better than James Cameron's &quot;Aliens.&quot;  The key to its  lasting appeal is found in its terrific design.  Everything from weaponry  to the sets were meticulously crafted in order to take us to the planet  LV-426.  By doing so we feel like we are participants in this adrenaline  pumping flick.  It also set the stage for dozens of action movie clones  (not to mention two disappointing sequels).  It ultimately emerges as one  of the greatest &quot;creature features&quot; ever to hit the screen.
0375804153|5.0|I had always enjoyed Monster and when I got married and became a stepmom, I ran out and bought the book.  My stepson couldn't read yet, but he new exactly when to yell, &quot;You turned the page!&quot;.  Then when Another  Monster came out...you better believe we got it as well.  I now have a 6  month old son and pretty soon he will be meeting up with the Monster!  I  highly recommend this book to everyone.
6302881005|4.0|I just saw this movie for the first time last night and I have to say that despite a little overlength and a couple of minor outlandish parts (such as Woody Harrelson's pledge of one million dollars for the picture of the  hippos) this movie is really pretty good.It does ride the border somewhat  in a couple of instances but is an overall pleasurable viewing experence.
6302968135|5.0|I say it was a spectacular movie, I give it five stars, they were all good  actors, escpecially benjamin Bratt, He is a very handsome man, All I have  to say for him is Whoa! Damn Mighty FINE. Damn and the others all did weel,  and acting was varacious. I would really like to own the movie..
6303014100|4.0|The greatest battle ever fought on American soil has never been better filmed. So many fine actors contribute to the success of this film. Realistic battle scenes, well almost; not quite realistic as Saving Private  Ryan. The only criticism I have it is a little overlong and tends to drag  in places. Still, the final scenes of General Pickett's charge are superb!
B00000JCB2|4.0|first....this album isnt the best album ever, but its great still it has alot of great songs and alot of good lyrics! but.....there are sum songs that arent good like no sex - dont go off wondering. but again this album  is great!  buy it 4 sure.
B00000J2PH|5.0|this album.  From then on, I tuned into artists such as Carly Simon and CAROLE KING.  I remember hearing &quot;It's Too Late&quot; on the radio (1971), and feeling it was a &quot;pretty cool&quot; song.  This was quite  an admission for me, one young African American child, growing up in LA and  raised on soul music.  When I was in my ninth grade PE class (1973), and  the activity we were engaging in was modern dance, someone brought the  album in to do an interpretive dance to &quot;Way Over Yonder.&quot;  When  we had free time, if an album was good, it got played through.  This was  one that GOT PLAYED, and was my introduction to Carole King.  Every song  was melodic and sung in a heartfelt manner by Ms. King.  I must admit, I  loved also &quot;Believe in Humanity&quot; from the &quot;Fantasy  album,&quot; so her work wasn't totally foreign to me.  Also I was aware of  what a fantastic songwriter she was (Natural Woman), but exposure to this  album brought all the ingredients together.  This is a classic and brings  back nothing but warm memories of a moment in time when I was to broaden my  &quot;musical horizons.&quot;  Favorite songs: &quot;So Far Away,&quot;  &quot;It's Too Late,&quot; &quot;Beautiful,&quot; and &quot;Way Over  Yonder&quot; stand out.  If you LOVE MUSIC, this is a must have for the  collection.  A CLASSIC.
0671034065|5.0|I loved this book.  Even though the culprit was easy to figure out, it was still an enjoyable read.  I had been a little disapointed in her last efforts (hardback) but this totally restores Linda Howard as one of my  favorite authors.
B00000AFWW|4.0|Live Through This is a monster album of the 90s.  Too bad it never gets  much airplay.  The first Hole song I ever heard was Celebrity Skin.  This  album might not be a good intro into who Courtney Love was, but it is a  great rock record.  Wallowing in Smashing Pumpkins alternative while still  holding a Nirvana like edge, Hole outshines them both by making an album  with 12 very good songs on it.  Neither Smashing Pumpkins or Nirvana,  despite their impact can say they have made an album without a dud on it.   So Courtney love, with bruised lyrics and a craving for acceptance,  outshines her mentors on this album.  However, there is something missing  on this album.  These songs have a tight finish to them, whereas Nirvana's  Nevermind didn't.  What makes Nevermind a classic, even with duds (Polly)  thrown in, is that raw edge that Hole refuses to let come out in this CD.   Even with that slight touch of credibility taken away, this is a very good  CD and a great band.
0440539811|5.0|Yes, it will change your life.  However, be warned, the path it leads you down will change your life even further.  This is a Great Work.
6305810109|5.0|Another David Lynch road movie, though this one's significantly different  from &quot;Wild at Heart.&quot; Somehow, though, the two films compel you  to watch them for the same reasons: to find out where the protagonist(s)  will end up next, what kind of characters they're going to meet up with,  what kind of roadside scene is coming up. &quot;Wild at Heart&quot; doesn't  have any scene in it like the conversation in the bar between Alvin and the  other WWII vet (which, by the way, is infinitely more poignant and  heart-rending than any scene in &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; because it  is a story simply TOLD, and is not shown -- yes, that scene proves that  showing is not as good as telling, even in film). On the other hand, this  movie doesn't have any scene in it like the &quot;conversation&quot;  between Laura Dern and Willem Defoe in the hotel room. Both scenes are  equally valid as superior examples of film-as-art.
B00003Q43A|3.0|Dumb as hell, knows it, and pushes so many glee buttons that only the most tiresome intellectual manques will resist. Each time I watch this my attention moves from Will Smith's performance (especially after seeing  'Wild Wild West') to Jeff Goldblum who deserves an Irving Thalberg career  Oscar for finding so many variants within the role of  &quot;scientist&quot;. Every Goldblum line reading has something to squirm  about, none of them normal. And then there's his strut at the end that  threatens to knock down Will Smith if he gets too close. Complex. The  bonuses are okay, and there are a lot of them. But really, it's a mediocre  movie, how much into the filmmakers' minds do you want to travel? Many of  the short features repeat footage. The commentary by Devlin &amp; Emmerich  is funny, though. If you're bold enough to consider buying the movie, go  ahead and get this package with the extras and admit only to close friends  that you have become a scholar of a big, bad, fun film.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Another fine record from the former godheads of grunge, who thankfully  have moved light years beyond that short-lived musical craze.  PJ will go  down in history as a solid rock band that does not shirk its 70's roots,  but rather embraces them and combines them with modern rock sensibilities  to create first class modern rock.  You'll have to hunt this CD down; its  probably not featured in the Top 50 rack at your local media  superconglomerate store.
B00000K31Q|2.0|I watched this movie on a late night after my little brother had rented it. I had nothing better to do and thought I would content myself with vacuous young stars and their pointless starring vehicle. I was pleasantly  surprised. <br />Apart from more than a few scenes which inspired more groans  than anything else, some token ridiculous and bit characters, and some  harsh cliches the movie is not altogether terrible. The idea of it being  based on &quot;The Taming of the Shrew,&quot; though, is a complete  fallacy. It is as much an adaptation of that piece of Shakespeare as  &quot;U-571&quot; was an adaptation of &quot;Das Boot&quot; (and at least  both of those had submarines!). But amid the rapping of Shakespeare and  ridiculous attempts at physical comedy (not to mention the blatant blending  of two distinctly separate cities; Stadium High School is NOT in the middle  of Queen Anne, Seattle)there is the occasional surprising scene. For  instance, the initial jabs at teenage social structures are moderately  intelligent as are some of the views espoused by the angry teacher. But  some of the funniest gems from the piece lie in the almost perfect satire  of American high school students and their social structures. <br />For the  most part, however, the movie does not deviate from the standard teen fare.  For virtually every good bit of the movie there is a corresponding bad  piece. The acting falls somewhere between &quot;She's All That&quot; and  &quot;American Pie&quot; as does the story line. The characters cannot seem  to actually stay characters but this is a failing on the part of the  screenwriters. <br />My recommendation is this: watch this if you've got a few  spare and otherwise boring hours and a free rental somewhere.
B00000IQMT|3.0|At May of 1999 my brother buy the Star Wars soundtrack,so I listen to the whole cd from beginning to the end and I find some music are good like #1 Star Wars main title,#2 Dual of the Fates #3 Anakin's Theme,#5 The Sith  Spacecraft,#7 The Arrival at Tatooine,#11 Watto's Deal&amp;Kids at Play,#13  Queen Amidala&amp;Naboo Palace,#14 The Droid Invasion&amp;Appearance of  Darth Maul and #16 The High Council Meeting and #17 Augie's Great Municipal  band&amp;End Credits.Those of the music I like to listen on my daily  basic,John Williams did a good job making a another Star Wars music I don't  know how can he think up all those theme music,but he the genuis!.I'm  dieing to hear another music from Episode 2&amp;3, so like the jedi said  &quot;MAY THE MUSIC BE WITH YOU&quot;is that  funny or what?haha!
0897500482|2.0|When I was in the infancy of my martial arts training, I worshipped this book. Recently, I unearthed a copy from my basement, dusted off the cover and opened it for the first time in nearly 14 years. In retrospect, I must confess that I have absolutely no idea what I found so captivating about this book. Then it dawned on me, I never truly read it until now. <br />Like many young martial artists, I fell for all the trappings and mystique that surrounded Bruce Lee. I abandoned all logic and criticism and took everything regarding Bruce Lee with an optimistic leap of faith. I was naive and impressionable, but I didn't develop my deductive reasoning until later on in life.<br />The Tao of Jeet Kune Do is still highly touted by many as the greatest literary work on martial arts ever written. But then you have to ask yourself: who is saying this? Collectively, it's the legions of Bruce Lee fanatics ...If you worship Bruce Lee (some people actually consider him a god), by all means buy this book. But then again you guys probably already have 15 copies of it cased in vaccuum-sealed plastic! All other readers: don't get your hopes up. From the first page to the last, it's ultimately the same meandering meditations. On the whole, it's ambiguous and relatively benign. The author himself states in the final paragraph of the book to throw it away when you're finished reading it. Sound advice. I only wished he wrote that at the beginning. I've read worse, but I've read a lot better martial arts and meditative books than this.<br />...
B00004THAY|5.0|K.I.S.S theory of keeping it short and simple.  This is without a doubt, the best album I have ever heard!  What music is all about.
B000002HHB|1.0|I bought this CD when it first came out, hated it, and subsequently gave it away to my then girlfriend. Years later now, my Wife will not forgive me for exposing her to this dribble. She fortunately found someone who found  it good enough to take it off of her hands without holding a grudge.
0425156842|5.0|This book is written like a fairy tale with sharp weaves of philosophy. If you ever wondered who Freud was, or what Nietchze said or about Hobbes - then this is the book for you.  It is simply written and is a great way to  start a off-campus course in Philosophy.  Happy reading!
B00000J7S8|5.0|Warning: listening to this CD is extremely addictive. Every single cut is  a pleasure. Krall's superb piano is matched only by her gorgeous voice.  Critics have complained that her voice lacks strength, but I say that such  a view reveals a jaded listener. Krall's power lies in her sensitive  lyrical interpretation and  her sensuous, but not sultry, intonations.
B000002B30|4.0|I adored Bruce Springsteen when I was in college.  I still listen to him, cause each of his songs remind me of a memory. Tho I now find him intolerable in songs like &quot;Spare Parts&quot; (not featured here), I'd  still listen to it.  &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot; &quot;I'm of Fire&quot; are  awesome songs. A must buy for fans of the boss.
B000002MFN|5.0|Erotica shows Madonna at her very best. Sarcastic, cynical, domineering, stylish, poetic, and  melodical.<br />I find this to be probably her most overlooked album, in terms of melodic and lyrical versatility. The album  opens almost as a concept, introducing Dita, Madonna's alter ego,  explaining she'll be our guide and mistress tonight, through the strange  world of lost love, S&amp;M, betrayal, and depression. Not typical Madonna  topics, which may be why it's her most impressive work to date despite what  critics say. The rest of the album follows loosley on this concept of Dita  and her various adventures. Madonna's version of Fever is one of a kind,  giving it a more sexual feel than before. Bad Girl, Waiting, and Words are  equally impressive as well as Where Life Begins, a cunning, sly remark  about the joys of oral sex. The best the CD has to offer is Rain, featuring  some of Madonna's best metaphorical lyrics to date. In This Life is also a  great tribute to the fallen victims of AIDS. The only drawback on the album  coimes in the form of the rap song DID YOU DO IT? What the hell is that.  She doesn't even sing on it. All it is, is Waiting without lyrics, just  rapping. Fortunatly, you can avoid this by buying the version without  Parental Advisory, as it omits the song completly.<br />Madonna shows some of  her best work here, adding to her underrated quality as an artist that gets  under people's skin who are afraid to see change or face taboos. Excellent.
B000005J08|5.0|Well, at least my view of music. A genre-busting album that doesn't sit  still, showing the influences of hardcore punk, jazz, free improvisation,  country and the cartoon music of Carl Stalling. Maybe the kitchen sink as  well. What other CD boasts covers of both Ornette Coleman's Lonely Woman  and the James Bond theme? I must have seen this currently defunct band 20  times and they never disappointed, always playing something new. Like music  from the film &quot;The List of Adrian Messenger. Who else but Zorn would  find this stuff? It's time for a reunion tour. I'm going through  withdrawal.
0140177396|5.0|Steinbeck writes the beautifull yet sad tale of two men trying to find a place for themselves durring the Great Depression.  I first read this book at the age of 13.  I read it in one sitting (not hard to do as it is only  around 110 pages) and then cried and cried.  An excellent book for young  adults as well as adults.  It will move you.
0788821075|4.0|In Pretty Woman, the plot sounds just down-right dirty, but surprisingly it isn't! In this very likable flick about a &quot;call-girl&quot; (woderfully done by Roberts) who meets a wealthy and handsome business man,  you've got you're typical Cinderella tale, but better! Of course you've  probably seen something like this before, but never with as much style and  superb acting. Pretty Woman is funny, touching, and overall a good movie.
B000002LFZ|4.0|Yes, Fleetwood Mac has reissued it's most qualified-chart topping hits, but why does it seem so dry? It's that way because it isn't a complete review of their career up to this point. Everything before 1975 was  omitted. Just because some of them didn't chart doesn't mean that it should  be left off, especially ones that were very successful in the UK, such  being &quot;Oh Well,&quot; &quot;Albatross,&quot; and &quot;Black Magic  Woman.&quot; And they still don't make up for it when &quot;The Chain&quot;  box set is released several years later. It only contains one disc of the  Fleetwood Mac period before Nicks and Buckingham's recruitment. Sure, it's  a look at the highlighted &quot;Rumours&quot; period, but it isn't a  complete Fleetwood Mac look. Aside from all that, &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;  brings us 14 or 15 (depending on whether it is the UK or US version) of  their most recent hits thus far. The loss of Buckingham in 1987 prompted us  to believe that he brought the band it's clearest musical direction, thus  prompting a reissue of hits, plus two cursory songs by McVie and Nicks.  Both which aren't very well thought out, and Nicks contribution &quot;No  Questions Asked&quot; is simply just hard to follow. While it isn't  definitive of their career, it is nonetheless enjoyable to an extent. The  dry feeling comes from the lack of emotion that came with sequencing the  record, none of the songs fit in together. It hops from different time  periods without really touching in deep with it. While it is a good start  for beginning Mac fans, it isn't necessary for one's that bought  &quot;Rumours,&quot; &quot;Tusk,&quot; and &quot;Tango In The Night.&quot;  With those albums, you can feel the emotional intensity with each change of  song. Here, it doesn't touch base long enough. Pity.
B00004SU5J|5.0|While on holiday in France (Biscarosse), I heard the beginning of track 6 (Sure thing). This incredible sound struck me instantly and I ask the bartender wich album this was. Thank God there was a Virgin Store in  Bordeaux, I bought the Tourist-album and since that day, now two weeks ago,  it hasn't left my car-stereo set yet. I even ordered Boulevard as soon as I  got home.
B000002UD7|5.0|'Actually' marked the Pet Shop Boys' commercial peak, something which the band themselves didn't seem to anticipate - 'Discography' rather touchingly reflects on their reluctance to submit songs for the Madonna to record, in  case she turned them down. Containing two number one singles (the  over-the-top 'It's a Sin' and the comparitively restrained 'Heart'), and  released shortly after their equally-popular cover of 'Always on my Mind',  this is a collection of songs dealing with a diversity of issues (love,  loss, political corruption and decadence) in a style that seems less  detached as time goes by. 'Rent' in particular is highly affective, and has  an excellent vocal performance from the fragile-voiced Neil Tennant. The  state-of-1987 production is extremely dated, but in a good way - the  orchestra stabs and sampled beats add to the charm. Seen at the time as  catchy, disposable pop music, this has grown in stature over time - it's  now seen as being a classic 80's album, and indeed a classic pop album  period.
6305892806|4.0|As an ardent Jane Austen fan, I approached my Mansfield Park viewing warily. I knew that it would be different from the book, but felt that since it was not one of my favorite Austen efforts I would be able to  survive the inaccuracies without exploding with indignation. Happily, my  concerns were unnecessary! I very much enjoyed the film. Fanny, who in the  novel is quite insipid, in the movie very much resembles her creator (Miss  Austen), and, in fact, much of the character's literary endeavors are taken  from Austen's juvenalia. Frances O'Connor does a great job of portraying a  woman who is happier in the background, yet fiercely resists being pushed  into actions that violate her inner values. Another underrated plus for  this film is Jonny Lee Miller's performance as Edmund. He is perfectly  restrained and yet affectionate! This movie's no Pride &amp; Prejudice, but  it is a very rewarding experience.
0767827023|5.0|I rented this movie two times then bought and watched it 5 more times!  Its an awesome movie. Sure theres lots of swears and stuff but it really is one of the best movies I've ever seen! Don't take my word for it. Watch it  yourself!
B00004TJKI|5.0|One of the all-time great courtroom dramas, this long but absorbing film follows the investigation and prosecution of an Army lieutenant who allegedly murdered the man who raped his wife. Intelligent, adult treatment  of then-scandalous material and surprisingly assured direction from the  hit-and-miss hand of Otto Preminger make this worthwhile. James Stewart as  the defense attorney, George C. Scott as the prosecutor, Ben Gazarra as the  lieutenant, and the ever-underrated Lee Remick as his wife head an all-star  cast. Great Duke Ellington score. Note: Makes a great double dill with  Sidney Lumet's equally good but very different courtroom drama, 12 Angry  Men.
B00004TJKI|5.0|I cant think of something more rewarding, from a film buff's point of  view, than a smart script performed by top notch actors and directed by a  genious. Anatomy of a Murder has it all. Jimmy Stewart finds a clever  vehicule for his suave persona and is helped masterfully by Arthur  O'Connel, Eve Arden, Ben Gazzara -in a mood that he would repeat forever-,  Lee Remick -superb as a &quot;liberal&quot; wife- and, in a surprisingly  secure and strong early performance, George C. Scott (he once had hair,  too). All this talent is highlighted by Duke Ellington's jazzy score, which  may be one of the best contributions made to a film by a music talent ever.   Otto Premminger had a reputation of yelling angrily to his actors. Here,  it seems that he took a different turn and joined their skills to his  masterful touch.  Although the former strong content of the movie is dated,  the film stands alone as a visual legacy of the values of an era and keeps  itself fresh as far as acting and directing are concerned.  This dvd  version is impecable as far as video quality. The original mono sound  doesnt bother at all either. If you like intelligent movies with an  eternal appeal, buy this gem.
0380796090|5.0|This was the second book I read of Marian Keyes.  I loved Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married, but this was so much better.  Not having gone through what Claire went through, I still felt for her, and admired her for the way she  dealt with the situation.  Her family is not unlike my own and it had a  feeling of familiarity that I enjoyed. A great read!
B0000071ZV|5.0|It's too bad this band has never really caught on in the States.  They, along with Swing Out Sister, helped introduce a fresh new sound to the music world.  They also brought us the lovely Basia.  Luckily, while living  in London, I was able to pick up this greatest hits collection.  The album  is a wonderful of blend musical influences.  Pick it up if you have the  chance.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Once you listen to this C.D, you won't regret buying it. Each song is very different from each other, and thats exactly what teens want these days: variety. Although Britney does'nt sound as innocent as she did in &quot;Baby One More Time&quot;, I'm sure most teens will enjoy this C.D.  &quot;OOps....I did it again&quot;  is definitely worth the dough!
B00003CWTH|5.0|One of the things I tell people who haven't seen this movie yet is to keep an open mind. This movie is too phenominal to be missed by people who can not keep an open mind. This movie was more than just a story of the day in  the life of several people who are directly and indirectly connected to  each other. It's about lessons learned, about past experiences and how one  chooses to deal with one's past experiences. It makes you think and it  makes you feel something almost indescribable. You can't take the movie for  what it's worth. You have to look deep within the picture, listen deep  between the lines and dialogue and you will know and feel what each  character knows and feels. It's about real people who experienced real  ordeals and found their own way (whether good or bad) to deal with what  they experienced. I am so glad this movie was made. Kudos to P.T. for a  wonderful film that touched me so much. It's (indirect or some may say  direct)reference to the Bible and how the story itself leads to the strange  but plausible ending was most powerful. What more can I say? Wonderful  actors in wonderful performances. A study on human relations. Excellent.  Absolutely excellent.
B000002H6C|1.0|I had the displeasure of being exposed to this cd some weeks ago and I am amazed, just completely amazed, at the intense support that Metallica fans have for their band.  I further have watched the VH-1 Metallica special  several times and I have yet to hear any decent music coming from this  group.  Loud, fast and snarly, combined with an awful, pseudo-tough guy  deep vocals droning about some teen angst issue or another, are all that  this band offers.  As far as I can tell, the band has sought out a tough,  raw metal edge to such an extreme that there are hardly any tunes,  harmonies or melodies of any sort (which are the characteristics that  distinguish music from noise) in this, or any other collection of Metallica  songs.  Sure the guitars and drums are loud and fast, but there are just no  interesting solos.  <br />In case readers are wondering, I am no Duran Duran  fan.  I was into heavy metal in the 70's and early 80's before most  Americans had even heard of metal.  My favorite groups from that period -  starting with Zepplin, Hendrix and Black Sabbath, moving to newer groups  like Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, Scorpions, Accept and Motorhead - all  blended raw guitars and compelling drum beats with something lacking in  Metallica's music - a tune, one to which you can honestly nod (bang) your  head.  The guitar solos from those groups took you on a side path that  displayed a variety of interesting reflections and emotions, causing  appreciation for the skills of the musician, then returned you to the main  road to continue and finish the musical journey.  In contrast, Metallica's  guitar solos start nowhere, go nowhere, drone on and show little evidence  of talent. Even Motorhead, who I saw live at their peak in 1982,managed to  include some interesting tunes in their otherwise loud, heavy and lewd  music.<br />I have yet to meet anyone who likes Metallica who is not still  smitten with some sense of teen angst.  &quot;Because your parents will  hate it&quot; is not a good enough reason for any reasonably intelligent,  discriminating individual to buy a collection of music and I see little  other reason to recommend this cd.
068818071X|4.0|I read this, Marian Keyes' third book with great anticipation, having read her previous two works (Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married and Watermelon).  This too is a great book and a solid read.  I liked how she tied the first  and third books together (mentioning her family from Watermelon) and  although the subject matter was serious, the story wasn't depressing.  This  was a great book and I'd recommend it to anyone.
B00002EPJH|3.0|If this were another pianist, I would rate it higher.  But Keith Jarrett is the ultimate ballad player, and this CD falls short of his capabilities.  This is several notches below his &quot;100th Concert in Japan&quot;  (previously on video, but not published on CD).  One wonders whether his  well-publicized health problems affected his playing.  He is very  restrained as if he is afraid to over exert himself.  His playing, except  for the second track, lacks rhythmic and emotional depth and his vocabulary  is limited -- usually hallmarks of his playing.  As a result, the CD  becomes background music.  <br />A pleasant album, but mediocre playing from  an otherwise great pianist.
B00000DFSK|5.0|This is an essential piece of anyone's U2 collection... even if it's just duplication of songs you already own (as it is for me)! Still, if you can get the B-sides special collector's edition, it makes a &quot;true  fan&quot; out of you in an instant - many of those hard-to find B-sides  that we loyal followers have been scrounging for in back alley record  stores are collected in one spit-and-polished CD. You lucky dopes!
0767802659|4.0|Starship Troopers is a truly underrated classic. Directed by Paul (Robocop) Verhoven, the story takes place far into the future where the world has become a 'Facist Utopia'. It's a world where citizenship is  earned through military service and values are taught in war. The original  story, written by sci-fi master Robert Heinlein in 1959, took such a future  very seriously. Not so with Verhoven, he attempted to approach this Brave  New World with camp and satire and I think many people missed this point.  <br />Narrated by a futuristic internet that includes satirical recruiting  commercials, we follow the lives of a group of friends - Johnny Rico  (Casper Van Diem), Carmen Ibanez (Monica Richards), Dizzy Flores (Dina  Meyer) and Carl Jenkins (Neil Patrick Harris). Johnny joins the service  because of his girlfriend (Carmen) but is followed right along into service  by another girl (Dizzy) who has a major crush on him. However, it becomes  clear that they all joined the service just in time as attentions soon turn  from each other to that of the enemy - Giant bugs. These giant, killer bugs  have declared war on the Earth from their home world of Klendathu and are  using long distance asteroids to inflict catastophic damage.<br />The movie  kicks into high gear when soldiers are sent to the extraterrestrial  battlefields of Klendathu - a kind of out-world Armageddon. A violent and  graphic war is under way as soldiers are ripped apart by these giant bugs,  some of which include built in flame throwers. The interaction between the  bugs and soldiers is nothing less than spectacular. Indeed, in this era of  The Matrix and The Phantom Menace, the digital FX in Starship Troopers  easily rank as some of the best you will ever see. At one point, the  soldiers are defending a fort against a HUGE army of insect warriors, some  of which fly, in a scene that looks like some sci-fi version of the Alamo -  Very effective. I will say, however, it struck me strange that a peoplewho  have created such advanced interstellar travel would not create better  insecticide as the soldiers use pretty standard machine guns that take  awhile to put a bug down. Also, Klendathu looked dull - colorless and full  of rocks. Oh, well. <br />All in all, this movie is great. Don't take it too  seriously, have fun with it.
630179849X|5.0|This is a classic western. Wayne and Hawks show again why they rank as the best actor/director duos in cinema. The villians are scary as hell, the dialogue is crisp and sharp, and the plot is everything you'd want in a  western. Jack Elam is hilarious. Jennifer O'Neil and Sherry Lansing are  beatiful and sexy (look for a nearly nude scene with Lansing and you'll be  wishing she'd never left the silver screen), and John Wayne is at his best!  A must for all fans of westerns, John Wayne, and lovers of entertainment  cinema. It doesn't get any better than Rio Lobo!
0782008372|1.0|I have no idea how the Widescreen Review can justify giving this DVD a 4.5 rating for picture and sound quality; it is easily the poorest DVD I have ever viewed.  I have seen this movie on commercial VHS, and on VHS that was  recorded off of a movie channel, and either one is just as good visually as  the DVD version.  What a waste of money.  The sound was gratingly sharp,  almost tinny, so that I would wince at many of the loud noises in the  film.<br />I have been very pleased with the ratings that Widescreen Review  has put out on other DVDs that I have purchased, and have used it as a  benchmark for determining whether to buy them.  They really dropped the  ball on this one.  Stick with VHS, you'll be much happier.
B00000342V|5.0|In the film, Priest, a coke dealer, is trying to make one last big score and retire. Curtis Mayfield's score is like another charcater, something of a greek chorus.  While the movie glorifies the underworld and makes Priest  into a hero, Mr. Mayfield's music tells of the trouble that comes from  using and dealing drugs and acts as the film's conscience.  Songs like  &quot;Freddie's Dead&quot;, &quot;Eddie You Should Have Known Better&quot;,  &quot;Pusherman&quot; &amp; &quot;Superfly&quot; deal with particular  charcaters from the movie, but they are so good and stand up on their own,  you don't have to see the movie to get them.  Mr. Mayfield's combination of  Funk, Soul, Rock &amp; Latin rhythms have influenced countless musicians  from Eric Clapton to Lenny Kravitz and many rappers. He employs his sweet  falsetto and innovative guitar work to their fullest on the album.  This  compliation has a second disk which has mostly instrumental versions of the  album's songs, but ends with a lenghty interview with Mr. Mayfield that  makes it worth shelling a couple extra dollars for this version of a great,  great record.
B000000WCV|5.0|Aight... Daft Punk has produced one of my favorite CD's of all time. It is  truly the most incredible mix of techno I have heard, and all the songs are  incredible. All of them are my favorites. It includes those cool songs Da  Funk, Revolution 909, and Around  the World, and let me tell you brother,  IT KICKS ARSE!!!!! If you like hardcore good music, and u like to be crazy  like me (MUAHAHAHAHA) get this cd!
6303430570|5.0|Pure genius!  <br /> Trust me get over the B&amp;W and you will love it!  <br />Hell, I forgot it was B&amp;W after 10 minutes into the flick!  Pure classic !
B00004R99K|2.0|If Lewis Carroll had seen this he would have disliked it so much that he would have refused to have his name in the opening credits. Just like Michale Ende did with the film version of his &quot;The Neverending  Story&quot;. They ommited a lot of things. In the book the Knave of Hearts  is on trial for stealing the tarts. In the film Alice is on trial for  causing the Queen to lose her temper. And they leave out some important  characters. The Duchess, the Frog Footman, Humpty Dumpty and the White  Knight. They said that this film had no &quot;heart&quot; I saw a Warner  Brothers version that had as much heart as this one had comedy. But the  Childrens Company Theater version is my favorite.
B0000025D0|5.0|In this album, Springsteen's characters are no longer looking to escape their problems, they've giving up escape a long time ago.  They are searching for answers to the siutaions they find themselves in.  Optimism  has been replaced by despair and cynism.  &quot;Badlands&quot; is an angry  anthem about never being statisfied with where you are in life.  &quot;Adam  Raised A Cain&quot; is about the struggles between a father and his angry  son and &quot;Factory&quot; is about the drudergy of everyday life.  Songs  like &quot;Something In The Night&quot;, &quot;The Promised Land&quot; and  &quot;Racing In The Streets&quot; are about chasing a dream that one will  probably never find.  &quot;Candy's Room&quot;, &quot;Streets Of Fire&quot;  &amp; &quot;Prove It All Night&quot; are about putting everything on the  line for someone and having to constantly prove their devotion.  The title  song best sums up the album.  People are looking for answers to the same  questions, willing to pay the cost, but never find them.  No matter how  much time they search into the Darkness On The Edge Of Town, they end up in  the same place.
071198042X|4.0|I found the book very informative about the man, Freddie Mercury, himself. When you are a fan you have alot of illusions as to what the person is like - I have to say this book shattered alot of these illusions. However, real  facts made me see Mr. Mercury in a whole new light - some disappointing -  some reassuring.  Some questionable facts Mr. Freestone? You mentioned in  the book that Freddie only had one godchild - wasn't he also godfather to  Mary's first son?  The final two chapters describing Freddie's decline made  me cry. It was done very tastefully. However, I would have liked to have  had maybe one more chapter explaining what went on in the months following  Freddie's death - and what you are doing now.  Overall an excellant book  that I could not put down and I feel a must read for any Queen fan.
B000002J1X|5.0|Of all the Yes albums, this is probably the most neglected, falling between the overtly 60's Yes (album) and the prog cassic Yes Album. It's also unique in their back-catalogue because there's a very prominent string  quartet and the occasional brass section on many of the tracks, which  combined with Kaye's fab organ, frequently make the instrumental passages  sound not dissimilar to some of the great jazzy easy-listening of the time  - see the Sound Gallery compilation. Tracks like the apocalyptic Then and  the fleshed out Buffalo Springfield cover Everydays most benefit from this  treatment, but there's some great and somewhat atypical four minute songs  here too, like the boppy Sweet Dreams, the anthemic Time and a Word, which  I could imagine Oasis covering, and the storming Big Country (film  soundtrack) sampling opener. This all sounds much less dated and hugely  more invogorating than Topographic Oceans.
630589938X|3.0|Poor CUJO --- everyone always gives this movie a bad rap.  Ya, there's way too much soap opera (especially in the first half) and the downer ending of the book has been terribly modified into a happy ending as well  as adding a stupid Friday the 13th-type &quot;shock&quot;....but all in  all, this is the same story the book told and director Teague definitely  sets up the dog attack scenes flawlessly.  There are some very harsh scenes  of the dog attacking Dee Wallace in the car that rank high in horrific  intensity.  And Dee Wallace is very good as is the young boy actor.  I  read the book years ago prior to the film's original release and found it  preferable to the film, but the movie (besides the ending) is still an  admirable recreation of the same story...why so many viewers hate it so  much leads me to believe they never read the book in the first place.  The DVD from Artisan is a joke, however...the film is not widescreen and  there are no extras not even the trailer (which would have been interesting  to see again because Warner Bros. never wanted anyone to know it was about  a dog when it was first released!)
B00004SZWD|5.0|Stevie Wonder spent almost three years working on this album and the time was well spent.  The music is probably the most personal and outspoken of his career.  He sings about his childhood in songs like &quot;I Wish&quot;  &amp; &quot;Easy Goin' Evening&quot;, his heroes in &quot;Sir Duke&quot;,  the birth of his daughter in &quot;Isn't She Lovely&quot; and while  &quot;Contusion&quot; is an instrumental the title is a reference to the  life-threatening auto accident he was involved in.  Mr. Wonder has always  been a strong voice for the civil rights movement and the struggles for his  race's equality and he expresses his feelings on those matters in  &quot;Village Ghetto Land&quot;, &quot;Pastime Paradise&quot; &amp;  &quot;Joy Inside My Tears&quot;.  He also gives us a history lesson in  &quot;Black Man&quot;.  &quot;Love's In Need Of Love Today&quot; and  &quot;Have A Talk With God&quot; are pleas for togetherness and  understanding.  Mr. Wonder could always write great love songs and they are  here as well in the forms of &quot;Ebony Eyes&quot;, &quot;As&quot;,  &quot;Knocks Me Off My Feet&quot; and others.  As I've just mentioned, the  album broaches many diverse subjects, but it all comes together in the end.  Usually on double albums, there is filler, but not here.  Every song serves  a purpose and help create a cohesive musical statement.  Stevie Wonder has  been called a musical genius and this album is further proof that the title  is an appropriate one.
B000002H6C|5.0|If I was stranded on a deserted  island and could only have one album? No  question, it would be ...And Justice For All, by Metallica. This album was  an instrumental part in thier going into the worldwide spotlight of music.  The complexities and changes in this albums music are at the very least  genius.  Check out Lars Ulrichs' drumming in the title track and you will  see why these guys are world class leaders in metal. (at least at the time  of this albums release). The first song, &quot;Blackened&quot; is amazing  and brutal, a very smart way to start out an album of this sort. The song  &quot;One&quot; is very good and shows the depth and patience that went  into song writing and recording. The production does have something to be  desired, but the oustanding drumming,lyrics, and solos make up for it. Kirk  Hammetts solos grab you, throw you around and spit you out, just like great  metal should. This album is the last one before Metallica changed thier  sound, and in my personal opinion, this is the last true Metallica album,  and I am still waiting for a new release. (anything after this album is  some other band posing as Metallica)! If you own this album, listen to it  NOW. If you don't own it, buy it NOW!  I still listen to this album more  than any I own, and it is a staple in my car CD player.
0671034065|5.0|Linda Howard has created a masterpiece in her new novel, Mr. Perfect.  You might as well plan on kicking back with uninterrupted time to read this book straight through.  The characters are wonderful, the dialogue sizzles,  and the sex is hot!<br />Jaine Bright and her three friends from work meet  every Friday night for drinks, dinner, and girl talk, which we all know  from experience usually turns into man bashing.  During the course of  dinner, they start discussing the perfect man and list the characteristics  they think Mr. Perfect should have.  As you can imagine, the list starts  out seriously, then ends up discussing phyiscal endowments.  Their list  inadvertently becomes public knowledge.  First in the company's newsletter,  then on a website, and finally the media gets hold of it.  At first the  women try to keep their identity secret so no one will know who is behind  &quot;The List&quot; as it has become known.  When their coworkers figure  out who is behind &quot;The List&quot;, their lives become chaotic--women  applaud them, men feel threatened.  They decide to go public hoping all the  media blitz will dies down.  Little do they know they have offended someone  who takes a murderous view of Mr. Perfect.<br />The dialogue and sexual  tension in this book between Jaine and her neighbor, Sam Donovan, is  unbelievable.  The snappy one liners had me cracking up throughout the  entire book.  Both Jaine and Sam are strong characters who strike sparks  off each other.  The bond between the four women will touch your  heart.<br />The beginning of this book threw me off when I started reading it.   The opening prologue is eeries and gave me the creeps.  Then with the  first chapter, it's almost like you're reading a comedy for the first half  of the book--then the suspense starts in the second half.  I don't know how  Ms. Howard managed to combine comedy and suspense, but believe me, she did  a fantastic job of it.
B000002IGP|5.0|THE BAND: Stephen Pearcy (vocals), Robbin Crosby (guitars R.I.P.), Warren DeMartini (guitars), Juan Croucier (bass), Bobby Blotzer (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1984) 10 songs clocking in at just over 37 minutes. Included with the disc is a 3-page foldout containing individual small black & white photos of each band member, song titles/credits and thank you's. Label - Atlantic.<br /><br />COMMENTS: This is the best Ratt album... easily. The classic radio hit \\"Round and Round\\" opened up the flood gates for the band. Fact - \\"Out Of The Cellar\\" is Ratt's best selling album (decades later). Pearcy's vocals accompanied by Crosby's fast guitar was a great combo. With the likes of other heavyweight hair-bands such as Motley Crue, Dokken, Poison (etc), Ratt held their own ground for several albums worth. Never though did they maintain song for song power and shreding like they did on \\"Out Of The Cellar\\". This album is slick and polished and contains no filler. Best songs are: \\"Lack of Communication\\", \\"Back for More\\" (with a great  intro), \\"Round & Round\\", \\"Wanted Man\\" and \\"You're in Trouble\\". This is classic hair metal from right smack in the middle of the hair and glam era. If you want one Ratt album, this is the it. A classic 80's disc.
0553278398|5.0|Prelude to Foundation was simply incredible.  It surpasses any movie I have seen, by far, and is probably my favorite book of all time (unless it's Foundation itself).  The book not only manages to amaze and shock you,  but it does so repeatedly!  When you finish this book, you easily need to  take a 10 to 15 minute period lost in deep thought, pondering the  book.<br />This book is so powerful, if you take the time out to read it, you  will be forced by mere curiosity to read the other 5 novels in the  Foundation Series.
0380002930|5.0|This is my all-time favourite book. I first read it when I was 8 years old and I couldn't put it down! The characters are really well described and when your only a couple of pages into the book, you feel as if you have  known them all your life. My favourite characters are Pipkin, Blackberry  and Acorn. He tells it realistically, like when he writes about the wood  floating on the water, rabbits might not really understand that in real  life. He also points out how hard a rabbits life is and the dangers they  can face and what they might think of other objects.The secenery is really  well described and that makes it seem real. I went up to Berkshire, near  where I live, to see the place that Richard Adams based the book on.Its  worth the visit.The second book and the video are great to. Check them out  if you have'nt already!
B0000024JN|5.0|Throughout the past 15 years, The Beastie Boys have been 3 of the funniest rappers ever, black or white. Unlike contemporaries Run-D.M.C. and LL Cool J, they were white instead of black, but it doesn't make a difference  because it's still one of the best rap albums ever and one of the best of  the 80's. The first two songs, &quot;Rhymin' and Stealin'&quot; and  &quot;The New Style&quot;, are laugh-out-loud funny, as is &quot;She's  Crafty&quot;, which has a cool steady guitar riff in it. Later comes  &quot;Girls&quot;, my favorite track which is hilarious. After that is the  ubiquitous &quot;Fight for your Right&quot; and then &quot;No Sleep Till  Brooklyn&quot;. There are some other cool things on this, it's a must-have  for diehard rap fans and for Beastie Boys fans. This is the album which  started their great career, and it's well worth the price for 13 funny  songs.
B00003CX95|5.0|Hard to pick my top 5 all-time favorite movies... but I know one thing for sure, \\"Braveheart\\" is one of them. I know many of the dignified literary historians here on Amazon have trashed this movie due to fact after fact NOT being correct (way too many Hollywood liberties were exercised) - like their accents were far from authentic; Wallace painted his face blue only once and it wasn't the right battle where he painted it; parts filmed in Ireland (not 100% in Scotland) due to cost; Wallace was caputured in Glasgow - not at Edinburgh Castle as the movie depicts; armor and weapons were wrong for the time; warriors seen wearing sunglasses and wrist watches, rubber weapons used (really - it wasn't real?); Mel Gibson is a bad director and is a hypocritical & pompous jackass; etc. People please - this is a fictional war story with some romance thrown in, INSPIRED by true events. In my opinion it's not meant to taken too seriously. It's 100% entertainment. Cast, story, action, scenery - ALL STUNNING. It's a grand epic of one Scottie's life and the battle he faces within. He puts his life on the line for the cause... to free Scotland. \\"Braveheart\\" was the winner of 6 Oscars - for Best Effects, Sound Effects Editing, Best Makeup, Best Director, Best Picture, Best Cinematography. As well as 2 Golden Globes - for best director and picture; and a dozen other national awards (including American Cinema Foundation, Empire Awards, Cinema Writers Circle Awards, BAFTA Awards, and Writer Guild of American Awards.) This movie is brilliantly done - a modern classic (5 stars).
B00002Z88D|5.0|WOW.  This CD is about as lively as any CD I have ever heard.  The collaboration with the SFSO was a great idea and as all Metallica fans know it worked out great also.  Think of it as a greatest hits album with  reworked songs (like Reel Big Fish's &quot;Everything Sucks&quot;).  All  the songs are great, including the two new songs, &quot;No Leaf  Clover&quot; and &quot;-Human&quot;.  Hopefully these songs are a preview  of whats to come on Metallica's next studio album.  But, sometimes, the  orchestra and the band sound a little disjointed at times, more so on the  faster songs.  My favorite songs on this album has got to be  &quot;One&quot; and &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;.  Both were almost  picture perfect from the before albums with even more life to it.  This is  a good place to start for newer Metallica fans.
6305905401|2.0|Roman Polanski's film noir-ish The Ninth Gate (in which rarebook dealer Dean Corso (Depp) is enlisted by collector Boris Balkan(Langella) to search for The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of the Shadows, a book rumored to have been co-written by satan himself), starts off pretty well, but fades fast.  What begins as an interesting, engaging quest through bibliophilia and satanism (with Lena Olin along for the ride as a partially clothed wicked witch) ends in something nearing farce, something that made me laugh, and something that might testify to Roman Polanski's weakening powers. <br /> Depp's character is a kind of book detective/con-man, and Depp, as usual, gives his all. We first see him bilking a pair of rich folks out of a first edition Don Quixote for four thousand dollars, and most of the first act is dedicated to coloring his character as a sort of mercenary for hire. This characterization of him as a man without morals is very important, as his quest for The Nine Gates (and I'm not giving anything away if you know Polanski) will lead him to both its author, Lucifer, and some very important deliberations about his soul. The book The Nine Gates, if read by the right person, in the right way, can conjure up the devil and send the conjurer to the devil's side. Langella's character, all greed, cash, and ambition, wants to be this man. So do some others. By the end, once he's learned what he can gain, so does Dean Corso. <br /> But everything goes to hell, so to speak, fairly quickly, and the plot meanders and stalls. I kept hoping someone, anyone, would step in and send the movie somewhere, turn it up a notch, or even change directions. But no one does. Polanski can't keep away from his same old semi- fantastical and autobiographical mistakes. Sex with mystical beings occurs twice. The mystical beings are, no surprise, females. Rarely, here, does a woman get to be a woman. Two of the three main female characters in the movie are witchy (or something worse) and Depphas peremptory sex with both of them, one time (with the Olin character) for blackmail purposes and one time (with Emmanuelle Seigner`s character The Girl) for much higher stakes. The Baroness, played by Barbara Jefford, is the only main female character with any lines to speak of, and with any human characteristics at all. It is no mistake that she's confined to a wheelchair and eventually murdered (by unseen forces) in a horribly goofy way that, at least for me, turned a run of the mill supernatural horror movie into farce and signaled the end of my serious viewing.<br /> Does an inherent sexism make for a bad movie? No. Not in my opionion. What makes The Ninth Gate bad is the seeemingly exhausted imagination behind it. If The Ninth Gate is better than Arnold Schwarzennegger's End of Days, another flick about holding hands with the devil, it is because of two reasons: 1. The Ninth Gate is a big, supernatural thriller unconcerned with traditional views of right and wrong. Hell is pictured, by the end, as a desirable goal, and it becomes clear that the devil isn't very interested in the rich and ambitious: he (or she) would rather take a regular Joe (or Johnny) any day. This lack of a traditional moral compass gives The Ninth Gate a freedom to revel in the noir-dom that it does, and allows the key main character to exist. 2. Depp does do an amazing job as Dean Corso, especially if you consider how difficult his job: he needs to be at once our everyman, the desired demon vessel, the pair of eyes we see the story and react through; and, therefore, we have to identify with him, even though Corso (and this is the second part of the job) rarely seems likable, seems in fact (toward the end at least) to be something worse than that--self-involved, vacant, and a lot like us. But Johnny Depp does seem likable, and is therefore able to allow us entry to a story about moral bankruptcy and spiritual deceit. If for no other reason, see this movie for another fine character performance from one of our best clutch actors...
B00003CX7L|5.0|Now that I am 13, I'm not a big Disney fan anymore. But I have to say the 2 Toy Storys are two of my favorite Disney movies. The best things about part 2 is that it has just as good of a plotline as part 1, and that the  movie is enjoyable for anyone of any age. I've talked to little kids,  teens, adults and grandparents and all of them enjoy this movie. There are  jokes in it for any age, and the wole concept of the movie is great. There  is also a little tie-in with Buzz and Star Wars. Like the first movie, this  is a milestone in movies, it's probably the best thing I saw in the theatre  all last year. I can't wait till October when it comes out on video. If you  haven't seen it yet, go rent it in October.
0783242808|5.0|This movie was some of the most hilarious scenes in cinematic history.  I laughed through the whole thing.<br />     The story concerns four teenager boys who are desperate to have sex.  Only one of the four has girlfriends, but she isn't sure if she is ready.  They decide to make a pact to lose  their virginity with the deadline being prom night.  At first the boys seem  to have everything covered.  <br />     One boy joins the jazz choir in order  to get a date for the prom, and it actually works.  Another boy has the  girl of his dreams in his house changing.  A third boy has a reputation  spreading very rapidly about him, and it seems as if he will have to chose  between many women for the prom.  The couple seem to get closer as the days  go by.  From the looks of things, their vow would be accomplished.<br />      At that moment, their plan backfires on them in hilarious ways.  For  example, one boy has noisy dirrhea in the girls' bathroom.  His reputation  is destroyed from that point.  Another boy has himself and a girl  brodcasted over the internet, but a hilarious moment makes him the laugh of  the school.<br />     When prom finally arrives, the four boys will finally  lose their virginity.  This movie may have had some humor that some may  call &quot;offensive&quot; and &quot;crude&quot;, but that is what makes  the movie hilarious.  The script is well-written and the cast gives a  wonderful performance.  If you hate movies with lowbrow humor, I do not  recommend this film.  If you are looking for something the opposite, I  recommend it.<br />     However, there is one flaw with this movie, which was  the disappointing unrated version.  The tagline was misleading.  They could  have shown that movie in theaters.  It only included one minute of extra  footage.  If you rent this movie, don't waste your time on the unrated  version.  I guarantee that you will be disappointed.  <br />     Overall, this  movie was excellent.  I would give this five stars.
B000006N61|4.0|Mel Gibson plays a cop who fights bikers and go insane and becomes a cool guy. Great for a movie of it's time and budget. Lot's of car chases for those of you who like them. Mel was great. That's all I pretty much have to  say so I give Mad Max *points to the four wheels on the V8* four stars.  <br />PS, GOOSE LIVES!
B000003TA4|5.0|In 1991, Nirvana came on to the mainstream rock scene- andexploded. Nevermind is a great album, and maybe the best of thisdecade.  Although &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; is still way overplayed, it's probably the best song on the whole CD. Right from the opening guitars of &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot;, you know that this album is a classic.  The rock doesn't stop at all on the whole album, and all 12 songs are great. Some standouts are the head-bashing &quot;In Bloom&quot;, the dark &quot;Come As You Are&quot;, The second-biggest song &quot;Lithium&quot;, the mid-paced &quot;Polly&quot;, the fast and furious &quot;Territorial Pissings&quot;, &quot;On A Plain&quot;, another headbanger, and the finale, the slow and mellow &quot;Something in the Way&quot;. Whenever I hear &quot;Something In The Way&quot;, it reminds me of Kurt's death and how sad it was. I highly encourage you to plop down [the money] and buy this great album if you are a fan of rock, alternative or metal. Pearl Jam and Nirvana among others paved the way for what music is now but I think Nivrana were the most influential. Overall a CLASSIC ALBUM!
B00001NFCY|4.0|I liked this album. The songs are wonderful and they have a message. Sometimes dark, sometimes happy, this is good album which is well  written.<br />Some of the good songs are &quot;What If?,&quot; &quot;Arms Wide  Open,&quot; &quot;Faceless Man,&quot; and &quot;Never Die.&quot; Most of  the songs are depressingly uplifting. (If that even makes sense.) With it's  religous undertones that make it good, and the Pearl Jam like style, CREED  has done it. I liked the first album more. I give, Human Clay *molds a four  out of clay* a four!
630575067X|4.0|I have already submited a review, however through forces that are possibly too evil to mention here, the review did not go through....Such is the fate of those who brave the review section... Anyway, SW 1 is a good movie.   I've watched it several times and will probably watch on and off for the  rest of my life.  This, to me, is the true test of a good movie; if it can  be watched multiple times and still be enjoyed, then it is good.  Episode  1, while not as breath taking as 4, 5 &amp; 6 falls into this catagory.  I  have my complaints...but it is always nice to have the background on your  favorite galaxy.   As for those complaints, and the title of this review,  the digital effects were just too smooth.  The action sequences were great  but the aliens used in this movie were too &quot;Disneyesque&quot;  Not  that Disney is bad, I love their movies...It's just that when you go to see  the Jedi battle the dark side, you don't expect Bambi and Thumper to be  weilding the light sabers... Jar Jar was probably a mistake, though a major  part of the plot  it seemed to me. Darth Maul was not as much of a presence  in the film as I expected.  Darth Vadar was a menacing politcal and  physical presence in the original Star Wars.  Maul simply fought with a  very cool weapon with a lot of grace and agility.  HE DIDN'T TALK!   Why?   He would have been much more intimidating if he had uttered a few more  words than &quot;At last we will have our revenge.&quot; There were other  areas of disapointment, but you will notice I gave this movie four  stars...that is because on the whole, when the movie all comes together  mixed with a prior knowledge of the Star Wars saga, this movie is a lot of  fun.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I love this CD. It was the first RHCP record I bought and now I have most of them. (I don't have &quot;Abbey Road&quot;) This record is right up there with Blood Sugar Sex Magik. It has John back out from his hiding and  we don't have to deal with Dave who was never a very good Pepper. The songs  are diverse and they sound more mature which is good for them but they have  to have some their old sound too, which they do. I love this record. I  didn't listen to anything else the month I got it. I this record *picks up  Elmo who is holding a foam 5* FIVE STARS!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Anyone who has ever happened to glance down any 'Best of 1997' lists cannot have failed to notice the impression which 'OK Computer' made upon people in the year of its release. 3 years on, with the bandwagon already  up and rolling ahead of the release of Radiohead's next album, 'Kid A', it  is possible to step back and assess just how good 'OK Computer is; the  answer is that it is, quite simply, brilliant. <br />From the chunky,  purposeful chords which introduce 'Airbag', to the bell which signals the  end of 'The Tourist' and the end of the album, the listener is treated to a  journey through the creative genius of a band at the peak of its powers.  Radiohead can do traditional rock numbers with the best of them ('Airbag',  'Electioneering'), but they can also do ballards ('Exit Music'), and a  variety of other styles, some of which defy definition. How does one  describe 'Paranoid Android' for example, except as something that Queen  might have done had they decided that 'Bohemian Rhapsody' needed spicing up  a little. <br />It has been said of Radiohead that they are in the music  industry for the music, and the music alone, and this album seems to  confirm that: it would simply be unfair on the rest of us if they had  managed to produce something so complete while thinking of other things.  Any complaints to be made are minor indeed (the lyrics are often rather  difficult to pick up, etc etc), and don't detract from the almost flawless  impression that the album as a whole leaves on you. To choose a favourite  song would be impossible: do you go for the dark, disturbing beauty of  'Exit Music', the wary, hunted optimism of 'Lucky', the rhythmic journey  that is 'Let Down', or one of a host of others?<br />Many heralded 'OK  Computer' as the album of the year: I wouldn't disagree. Some even claimed  it is the best album of all time: well, it certainly comes close.
B000003TA4|5.0|This may sound cliche but, Nevermind is probably the most influential record of the 90's. The songs rule and they have a messege. Cobain whails about rape, drugs, homosexuality, and every day life. All the songs are  good. &quot;Breed,&quot; &quot;Polly,&quot; &quot;Come As You Are,&quot;  &quot;Stay Away,&quot; and the other song that happens to be track one, are  some of the good songs on this record. Cobain is a good song writer. Who  knows what he could have written five years from now. I give this record  *writes a 5 in some sand with a stick* a FIVE!
6300214826|5.0|Very few movies leave me with a sense of awe and deference to the makers of the film. This one did. The questions prompted by Heart of Darkness spring to life in this film. Many characters are the personifications of  unseen, but very much felt forces. This aspect is clearly depicted when  Martin Sheen's character (Willard) asks a soldier, who has just fired a  supernaturally accurate shot, if he knows who is in charge here. The  soldier stoically replies  with a simple &quot;yes&quot; as if to imply,  &quot;how else do you think I could have made that shot?&quot; In many  ways, this scene can be seen as a border crossing. Willard has just entered  into Kurtz's realm and different forces are now in power. Willard must  learn to recognize and, perhaps, accept that. The pivotal question  confronts the viewer in its entirety when Kurtz reveals the epiphany he's  had that explains his actions and, consequently, the reason Willard is  there.  Coppola also takes his chance to offer a commentary on the Vietnam  War (which he might also classify as American aggression) when helicopters  attack a Vietnamese village to the music of Richard Wagner (a favorite  composer of Hitler). The parallel drawn is obvious. This aspect could also  prove important for understanding the situation the film depicts.  This  movie is quite simply a masterpiece. It is worthy of any and all praise it  receives. Apocalypse Now ranks as one of the very few movies that is a  &quot;must see&quot; for everyone. This work presents and analyzes a  question that is essential to ask in the attempt to better understand the  human experience. If you haven't yet seen it, put it on your list of things  to do.
B000008GS2|5.0|i think this is the greatest cd album ever recorded by icehouse .it is my personal fav
6304578458|5.0|Let me get something off my chest first - John Cusack needs to be in more  films! Okay, this is a great film. Everything fits beautifully together,  even the soundtrack is bound to get memories sifting back.  The acting is  superb - right down to Cusack's shrink (who Cusack visits when not actually  having an appointment).Dan Aykroyd is a joy as the bad guy and the plot  which brings them all together is fantastic. A quick premise is this:  Cusack is hitman Martin Blank, and Minnie Driver the high-school sweetheart  he dreams about but hasn't seen in 10 years - until the reunion at Grosse  Pointe. He combines the reunion with a job he's been contracted for in the  town but the complication is that Dan Aykroyd is thrown in to the equation  and the surprises, action and comedy from then on is brilliant. I don't see  how anyone would come away from this film not satisfied and wanting to  watch it again. You'll regret not seeing this film.
0671578855|5.0|The Vorkosigan saga is by far the best series I've ever had the pleasure to read. Miss Bujold has a way of getting inside her characters so deeply that we feel we can relate to their every thought and action. In one book I  found my self relating to a man with four diferent personalities! He was  utterly insane, yet I connected with him... that got to me.  Well, that  having been said, the Vorkosigan saga is a long adventure (cronologically  speaking, not real-time wise, I read all 12 books in three weeks!) spanning  fourty to fifty years, with tragedy, war, and politics, so when we get to  the last book in the series (for now, anyways), Miss Bujold decided to end  it with a smile. In all of the previous books, I laughed quite a bit, yet  with Civil Campaign, I lost my place a few times when I dropped the book  and rolled on the floor laughing! You trully grow to love Miles and all his  friends, family, and even enemies... Read the rest of the series first, and  if you do, I assure you that I won't need to remind you to purchase this  one.   &quot;Forward Momentum!&quot;
B00000J6AG|4.0|You'd never have guessed Moby has been around for years. This is his first album which has made it big despite underground recognition with his previous efforts. The reason this album's made it: because it the fantastic  work of a very talented individual who's come through a rough patch to  deliver.<br />Play is packed full of confidence and great sounding crossover  tracks which peak on songs like Bodyrock and Honey, mixing funk with dance  and rock with just about whatever it goes with! This is mixed with a new  found commerciality by Moby who really hasn't made that a focus of his work  in the past. He has worked himself out and calmed down and as a result has  found a balance within his music which everyone can enjoy. There is  honestly something for everyone here. The first part of the 18-track album  is peppered with obvious singles, bound to get the most sloth-like of us to  our feet, while the later parts are very much a wind-down - perhaps too  much so in some sectors. <br />If you are wondering wether to invest in this  album then the answer is an unequivocal 'yes'. There'll be fewer more  enjoyable albums released in coming years, and despite the calmness of the  album's end, the structure is just about perfect and the sound delivers  everything you want to hear (naturally with the odd surprise, but very  rarely).  If you like the singles you'll love the album. How can any music  loving individual resist the charms of Porcelain and Why Does My Heart Feel  So Bad? <br />No doubt you would have heard at least two of the songs from  here somewhere, and no doubt you would have liked them - so why not treat  yourself to the work in its entirety.<br />Sit back and enjoy.
B000000OQF|5.0|Doesn't matter if you like Metallica or Aerosmith, Rolling Stones or Pearl Jam, Led Zeppellin or Iron Maiden. This album is a gift. Is a gift for any rock and roll fan. 12 years have passed since I bought Appetite, and still  I can't understand how five human beings could make such a masterpiece.  It's like 5 Gods decided to play hard rock and Appetite came to life. If  you ask me to tell you my favorite song, my answer would be something like:  Rocket Queen! ...No, maybe Sweet Child. No, I got it! ...Paradise City.  This is the greatness of this album: Every song is unique and  extraordinary. Every song is better than the best of any other rock  album.<br />Rocket Queen is one of the best songs ever composed by any band.  The first three minutes are basicly related to the miserable life  of an  undesirable woman. The music reflects what they put on paper: darkness,  pain and sorrow. Suddenly, the song turns into something really different.  Slash speeds up his riffs for 30 seconds, and then lyrics  become the most  beautiful words of hope and care that i've ever heard. If you are ever  lonely, sad and in dispair, these are the words you'd love to hear.  Paradise City: &quot;Take me down to the paradise city where the grass is  green and the girls are pretty&quot; This is the famous chorus of one of  their most popular songs. This is the perfect song to hear when you are  tired of fighting day after day to get a better life. Powerful riffs and a  final guitar solo that is just from another world. <br />You can also find  songs like Welcome to the jungle, Outta get me, Brownstone and Nightrain.  Brilliant hard rock pieces with outstanding vocals by Axl. All 4 songs are  very rich in lyrics and resume the roughness of hard life on the streets,  where drugs, alcohol, powerty and violence are the rules of living. If you  hear carefully those songs, you are gonna be surprised about the  multiplicity of voices that Axl can achieve. Is like a different singer for  each song.<br />Sweet Child and Think About You, the first one is the  trademark song from the gunners with the unforgettable guitar intro from  Slash and superb wah-wah solos. The second one is maybe the most low  profile song in this album, but surely one of the nicest and warmest love  songs ever written by GN'R. Not hard, not sweet, just the perfect  combination of guitars and power volcals. Finally, a special chapter for My  Michelle. Slow guitar intro, killer vocals from Axl and spectacular lyrics  associated to the hard life from a girl lost in drugs, lack of parents and  money and no friends to guide her thru the most difficult moments. These  guys are just outstanding. Slash is a guitar God. Since 1991, I haven't  heard an album with half the quality Slash showed in his guitar works in  Sweet Child, Rocket Queen, Estranged, Locomotive or November Rain. Axl and  Izzy are great for composing. Their Lyrics are brilliant! Just take a look  at the songs from Appetite and you'll understand the mastery and  sensitiveness that lies in the very deep heart of these guy. Especially  Axl, the eternal problem guy. Yeah, there is no doubt he is a difficult guy  to deal with. But you just have to take a look at his songs (like Estranged  and November Rain, and i'm sure he wrote Think About You, Rocket Queen and  Sweet Child), to understand that there is a really nice and good hearted  guy behind the problematic one. One fully talented musician and excellent  person, who just got a difficult round in life that made him a little  explosive and tough.  <br />Finally, don't hesitate to buy this album. You  won't regret. For me, this is the best album ever, and not only from rock  and roll. And just like the title says...5 stars are not enough!
0671034065|5.0|I am one of those die hard Linda Howard fans who owns and rereads all her books and waits impatiently for the next one to roll off the presses. I cannot explain my delight at finally getting my hands on &quot;Mr.  Perfect&quot;. From the opening chapter, right down to the last word, I  LOVED this book. A great fast read. Jaine (and yes that is how she spells  her name) and Sam are a strong couple. Witty, sexy and impossible to  forget, I reread the book within two days. The diologue between these two  will crack you up. The murder mystery element of the book was well  developed and not too obvious with a nice twist at the end. If you have  read and liked &quot;Kill and Tell&quot;, &quot;Dream Man&quot; or  &quot;All the Queen's Men&quot; you will like this one as well. My only  complaint would be that I wanted to know more about Sam's background!
0788811355|3.0|Ralph Fiennes puts on a wonderful show as the the adventurous explorer with Kristen Scott Thomas (Random Hearts, not saying that is a good movie).  An almost surreal adventure into a romantic world of treachrey, seduction and deciet.  Ralph Fiennes is simply amazing as the Hungarian count lost in a war that he does not beleive in, and torn between the love of a women and what he knows is right.  Willem Dafoe and Jurgen Prochnow also make memerable appearences throughout the film, most notably during an especially gruesome torture scene in Tobruk in 1942.  Amazing, thoughtful, good film.
B00003CXBK|4.0|This is a great story, but the distributers totally missed the boat by NOT providing original Japanese audio tracks.  They choose French and English  but NOT the langauge the film was intended to be viewed in? Nonsense! Why  do the studios/distributers continue to NOT understand how important it is  to hear the original audio rather than Billy Bob dubs. Rediculous. I guess  I'll have to shop around for a non region JPN dvd with english subtitles.
0521370957|5.0|I have had my copy for 10+ years, and have referred to it more often than any other electronics book. The fact that the binding is falling apart and the cover is warped is a testament to how often I have used it. If I have a  circuit to design, &quot;Art of Electronics&quot; is often my starting  place. Describes the full range of electronics design with great coverage  of transistors and op-amps.  As opposed to most electronics texts, it  relies on describing how the circuits work,  without a lot of math. In  other words, it is a practial book with losts of real-world circuits that  every EE should have.  <br />For theory companions to this book buy  Foundations of EE by Cogdell and Microelectronics by Sedra and Smith.
B000002ADT|5.0|This quite simply is one of the greatest achievements in Western Music. I place this recording with Beethoven's 9th Symphony, and Bach's Brandenburg Concerto's as the 3 greatest works of music ever. Miles &amp; Co. will blow  your mind, words cannot do this work justice.
B000021XR5|5.0|Before I even knew a fourth album was coming out, STP became my favorite band, and has been since! When the album came out, I was not at all dissappointed. &quot;Down&quot; I think is one of their best and heaviest  songs, and beside that the whole album is good. I especially like &quot;No  Way Out&quot;, &quot;I Got You&quot;, and of course &quot;Sour Girl&quot;  is a good song to. I hear all the time on the radio. What I love about this  album is that it's very straight forward, non-stop, and basic, but far from  boring. It also delivers a lot of various sounds, for example: it's got  some really heavy songs, some really mellow ones, or just some really basic  rock tunes. I think it's their best since Core.
B000002L7R|5.0|Well what did people expect? A restless genius like Prince was certainly not going to give us &quot;Purple Rain&quot; part II! My eldest sister Portia gave me this album for Christmas many years ago and I credit her for  blessing me with one of the richest listening experiences ever! The title  is a swirling, East Indian influenced dance number that launches into an  outright jam for the last 1:30 of the track (&quot;say papa, I think I  wanna dance!&quot;) and will invite listeners to stay on board for a fun,  funky journey. My favorite tracks follow one another on the album, the  irresistably cathy &quot;Paisley Park&quot;, with great dive-bombing,  squealing guitar in the background and superb backing vocals by Wendy &amp;  Lisa, and the gorgeous, sprawling epic, piano based ballad &quot;Condition  Of The Heart&quot;, easily one of his most heartfelt love songs, and with  him playing EVERY INSTRUMENT HIMSELF, proof that having a band as tight as  the Revolution, is a bonus not a necessity. You all know the hits, the  folk-tinged &quot;Raspberry Beret&quot; (still catchy as hell 15 years  later!), and the funky, cautionary &quot;Pop Life&quot;. (Special Musical  Note: Shiela E.'s sharp, crisp, snare-centric drumming and Brown Mark's  popping bassline anchor this track.) (Special Musical Note #2: the chaos  that interrupts this song and later closes it is the sound of Prince and  his band being chased offstage by an angry crowd early in his career, a  reminder of just how far he'd come by this point). &quot;Tamborine&quot; is  a relentless, one man performance showcasing Prince's terrific skills  behind a drum kit and climaxes with one of his spine-tingling vocal  screams! On the social commentary side you can sink your teeth into  &quot;America&quot; a rousing funk/rock number about pledging allegiance to  our nation, but questioning that same allegiance. The gospel flavored  &quot;The Ladder&quot; is as uplifting as any old time spiritual you'll  hear in church on Sunday, and finds Prince as always seeking redemption and  acknowledging that &quot;the steps you take are no easy road&quot; in  finding salvation. The closing number is downright terrifying. The long,  searing &quot;Temptation&quot; is his finest moment on record. Here, Prince  tackles the issues of sex,lust,desire guilt and ultimately true love head  on and even in a one-on-one conversation with God that will give you  chills. The lyrics are among some of his most inventive (the line about  &quot;running hot water on the daughter of morality&quot; is a  classic!),and musically it's a blazing, bluesy performance featuring a  distorted, wailing guitar solo and superb sax playing from Eddie Minnifeild  ( a relative of a close friend of mine) that closes the album on a rather  contemplative note.  It's all classic Prince, and one of many superb  releases that found him on a creative roll in the '80's. Listen to this one  with an open mind and be prepared to take up a lifetime lease in the Park.n Sunday, and finds Prince as always seeking redemption and  acknowledging that &quot;the steps you take are no easy road&quot; in  finding salvation. The closing number is downright terrifying. The long,  searing &quot;Temptation&quot; is his finest moment on record. Here, Prince  tackles the issues of sex,lust,desire guilt and ultimately true love head  on and even in a one-on-one conversation with God that will give you  chills. The lyrics are among some of his most inventive (the line about  &quot;running hot water on the daughter of morality&quot; is a  classic!),and musically it's a blazing, bluesy performance featuring a  distorted, wailing guitar solo and superb sax playing from Eddie Minnifeild  ( a relative of a close friend of mine) that closes the album on a rather  contemplative note.  It's all classic Prince, and one of many superb  releases that found him on a creative roll in the '80's. Listen to this one  with an open mind and be prepared to take up a lifetime lease in the Park.
630021463X|4.0|A movie you're going to laught a lot at.  That's the best way I can describe it.  It's not a classic romance, mystery, or even adventure, but you will laugh.  Unfortunately, one of the things that I love about Star  Trek is that it does not date itself as easily.  However, this is very  dated.  You're laughing not only at the jokes, but at the 80's punker.
B000002572|5.0|First of all this album is a landmark,a new begining or direction in heavy metal music,it sold 16 million copies when released in america alone.(astonishing)                     nearly everyone has heard 'more  than a feeling' but that's merely an open door for whats to come  'rock'n'roll band'and 'smokin' are particularly memorable and 'hitch a  ride'with its question and answer guitar solo will leave you on a higher  plain.essential.
B00001MXWX|4.0|At first I was thrilled.  Second viewing, I was a bit disappointed.  After all, the movie does not have the physical threat to the human race that many other ST movies have had.  Yet it had a grace, great special effects,  and good humor.  And the &quot;threat&quot; was just as real.  I imagine  one of the reasons it didn't do as well in the box office is that it didn't  attract as many younger viewers.  <br />But if you're looking for a night of  fun, this is a great movie.  The scenery is awesome, the acting is well  crafted, and this is one you don't want to miss.
B00000JNO1|5.0|nuthin' fancy isn't one of skynyrd's most highly visible recordings, in terms of popularity, but it still ranks up there as one of their best.  The sounds quality is excellent, one of the best out of all their studio  albums, to be honest.  The guitars are nice and crisp, Artimus' drums get  wicked good treatment comapred to later showings, and Leon's bass even  comes more to the forefront, showing what a good musician he is (many other  of the band's recordings tend to shortchange him), just check out the clear  bassline on cheatin woman, a really soulful song, with a nice drum ending  as well.  the great songs just abound.  &quot;Saturday Night Special&quot;  and &quot;On The Hunt&quot; are two really good riff-rockers, along with  &quot;Country Boy,&quot; which also has a strong pro-rural statement and  Collins solo.  &quot;Whiskey Rock-a-Roller&quot;, one of their concert  classics, shines too.  And &quot;made in the shade&quot; shows the band try  their hand at country style playing, with a good effect.  All Skynyrd  albums considered equal, which they pretty much are, Nuthin Fancy makes a  good first Skynyrd album, right up there with Second Helping.
B000020617|4.0|First of all, &quot;Generator&quot; equals good; it has a dandy little intro-thingy that sounds both good and nice.  &quot;Learn to Fly&quot; is nice also; it reminds me of when I was President during World War II.   &quot;Next Year&quot; on the other hand, reminded me of all the times I  tried to staple two or more pieces of paper together--with a stapler.  I  guess the point of all this is that this album is very good and deserves  buying.  Also, it should be noted that I like pizza.  Thank you for your  time, and good luck reading more reviews.
0380788624|1.0|Got 600 pages into this book and finally threw it out the window.  Extremely thin plot, zero character development, and it doesn't go anywhere.  Everybody's been saying this is the cybertech Gravity's Rainbow.   Here's a suggestion: go read Gravity's Rainbow instead, a real book.
B00002Z88D|4.0|The only things that could have made S&amp;M better was if they had played fade to black, the unforgivin, sanitarium, creeping death, and a few others. Another thing was that Jaymz vocals wern't as loud and angry as  they usually are. Other than this S&amp;M is a must have cd for any  Metallica fan.
B000002U82|5.0|then you simply have no idea what you are listening to. You have no idea as to the inconceivable magnitude of this project.  Go contemplate lesser things.
0441003257|5.0|I picked up this book after one of my friends recommended Gaiman to me--I had never heard of this guy before.  <br />All I have to say is WOW.  For one of the few times in my life, I was finding myself reading during the  afternoon (usually, I read at night before bed).  I was finding myself  WANTING to read this book.  And, I was finding myself looking forward to  the next time I could pick this book up.  <br />This is one of the, if not  THE, funniest book I have ever read.  Neil and Pratchett keep the book  moving with multiple plots that all come crashing together at the end (Kind  of like an episode of Seinfeld).<br />I will be picking up more books by this  talented man.
6305499365|5.0|Outstanding. And I don't enjoy other works of Mike Judge like Beavis and Butthead. This movie provides a much more subtle context for its humor. The facial expressions and interaction between co-workers are unconventioal and  hilarious. See this with friends and the quotes will flow for weeks.
0783117523|5.0|I have seen this movie several times and still see things I missed the time before.  This is a great movie and a wonderful performance by Angelina.
B00000DLVA|5.0|On their 1998 fourth album The Cardigans sorta became the Swedish answer to Garbage, this as opposed to their previous efforts in which they sounded more like the Swedish answer to the Sundays. Yet, this change was a wonderful one, & Gran Turismo definitely proves it. The album's strongest moments are \\"Paralyzed\\", \\"Erase/Rewind\\", \\"Explode\\", \\"Starter\\", \\"Hanging Around\\" & \\"My Favourite Game\\"; Whilst when you'll first hear \\"Marvel Hill\\", \\"Do You Believe\\" & \\"Nil\\" you'll find it hard to believe that they're the same band who recorded the 1997 hit \\"Lovefool\\". The only song here that is somewhat reminiscent of \\"oldskool\\" Cardigans is \\"Junk Of The Hearts\\", yet the incessant electric drumbeat reminds you that it's not the Life Cardigans you're listening to. Anyone who appreciates alternapop should be happy with this album, just as long as you take it on its own merits instead of comparing it to its formers. Enjoy.
B00004RFCM|5.0|This show is great.  It is funny, entertaining, shocking and has wonderful fashion sense.  What more could you ask for on a boring Sunday night when all you can think about is getting up the next morning, making that dreaded  drive to the job you once liked, but now merely tolerate because you have  yet become independately wealthy.
0316286869|5.0|I am glad to see that there are more smart makeup books out there nowadays. Books that appeal to the reader on many levels-- including her intelligence. Like &quot;Lipstick&quot; by Jessica Pallingston,  &quot;Beauty&quot; by Bobbi Brown, and &quot;Beauty over 40&quot; by Dayle  Haddon, Aucoin offers a mixture of fact, how-to, and information and  alluring detail relating to how a woman's desire to remake herself visually  goes further than skin deep, and how that in itself can be a fascinating  subject for further scrutiny. Plus, the book itself is beautiful to look  at!
B000002UTK|5.0|Let me put all this in persepctive by stating my biases first:  Pet Shop  Boys are my favorite group and have been since 1988.  Given that, I feel  that my opinons on their works, while biased, are at least informed.   Introspective is the most consistent work in the catalogue.  It is the  album that made PSB my favorite.  Left to My Own Devices is a superb song,  as is I'm Not Scared (which is only available in any form on this disc).   &quot;Very&quot; (1993) is more fun, &quot;Pet Shop Boys, Actually&quot;  (1986) is more famous, and &quot;Behavior&quot; (1990) is more acclaimed,  but only about &quot;Introspective&quot; can I say that every song is a  gem.
0316286869|5.0|I am glad to see that there are more smart makeup books out there nowadays. Books that appeal to the reader on many levels-- including her intelligence. Like &quot;Lipstick&quot; by Jessica Pallingston,  &quot;Beauty&quot; by Bobbi Brown, and &quot;Beauty over 40&quot; by Dayle  Haddon, Aucoin offers a mixture of fact, how-to, and information and  alluring detail relating to how a woman's desire to remake herself visually  goes further than skin deep, and how that in itself can be a fascinating  subject for further scrutiny. Plus, the book itself is beautiful to look  at!
052594527X|5.0|The story is beautiful, narration poignant, plot moving, characters memorable, style artistic, imagery quiet &amp; nostalgic...  This little novel is a masterpiece, just like Vermeer's actual painting of the girl  with an earring. Chevalier deftly mingles history and fiction to produce  something exquisitely charming. I couldn't help but constantly glance at  the painting of &quot;Griet&quot; on the jacket as I devoured the book.   This is a must-read.
0790746905|5.0|No matter how many times I see this movie, and it has been plenty,I still get goose bumps from the suspense of the erieeness of the unknown monster that lurks on the planet.  This widescreen (VHS) is the ultimate in viewing  and listening pleasure.  The colors are bright and the soundtrack knocks  your socks off.  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who appreciates  excellent science fiction and quality entertainment.
0140277447|1.0|It is an interesting book; however, Chang's craftsmanship is never accurate. <br />Her book &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot; argues that Japanese soldiers systematically killed 300,000 civilians in Nanking (or Nanjing) during World War II. She is trying to prove such genocide based on the following evidence: statistics, photographs, and testimony. But, they are all too unclear to conclude the certainty of Chang's arguement. <br />First of all, the statistics by the International Committee for the Nanking Safty Zone indicates an increase of 50,000 in population from December 17, 1937 (approx. 200,000), to January 14, 1938 (approx. 250,000), and that contradicts Chang's fearful illustration of the massacre. If Japanese soldiers were slaughtering civilians, why did people come back to Nanking? In this book, Chang is ignoring the explanation for the increase of civilians which was recorded in the first-class source. Japan has given resident passes to, at least, 200,000 civilians in the Safty Zone. On the other hand, today, China is advocating that Japanese Army has killed 450,000 civilians in Nanking. That is completely false and nonsense! <br />Secondly, the pictures that Chang has provided do not prove the attrocities that Chang is describing. Some of the photos are even fake. A picture of the dead soldiers beside a river does not mean a picture of massacred civilians. A picture of a Japanese soldier that is executing a mutinous war prisnor does not refer to a game of killing innocent civilians. Also, playing with dead bodies and torturing people in strange appliances are rather old Chinese brutal manners, and the sources of some photos are questionable. Chang is including even pictures that are unrelated to Nanking. (For instance, a &quot;type 97 light armored tank&quot; has not yet been produced in 1937 or in early 1938, but one photo in the book shows it; it also has a flamethrower which the same tank is not supposed to have, and it seems to be a manipulated picture.) Several photos are taken from questionable sources, and they are presented with unjust captions in the book. At least, none of the pictures, even Magee's pictures, can be clear evidence of massacre that killed 300,000 civilians. <br />And, finally, Chang's biased inference is drawn based on doubtful rumors, but they are not good sources either. When the walled city of Nanking fell, the leader Chiang Kai-Shek and other generals of the Nationalist Party ran away from the city, and that has caused great confusion; Chinese soldiers who lost their leader became rioters and guerrillas, and they refused Japanese Army by setting Nanking on fire by themselves. Harold John Timperley was in Shanghai, and he heard about the chaos in Nanking, and he thought, without investigation, it was the attack on Nanking citizens by Japanese soldiers. Frank Tillman Durdin from the New York Times reported four hundred Chinese were arrested in Nanking, and he saw two hundred people were executed (the New York Times, December 18, 1937, and January 9, 1938). But, in a larger part of the same report, Durdin also criticized Chinese guerrillas who sneaked in the refugees' area of Nanking for plundering and destroying the town. At the same time, his guess at the number of executed Chinese soldiers is uncertain, and just as Timperley, who was absent in Nanking, it has been causing a rumor of Nanking massacre. Major news companies, including Reuter, AP, and UP, were in Nanking and Shanghai, but they did not catch such systematic genocide in Nanking either. Major newspapers, such as the London Times, Chicago Daily News, or New York Times, did not report massacre of civilians in Nanking. Even the Time magazine that criticized Japan's war never referred to great massacre. In addition, neither the Nationalist Party nor the Communist Party of China reported systematic murder in Nanking that supposedly killed 300,000 innocent Chinese civilians to the League of Nations during the war. They did not do sobecause there was not such massacre. All stories of Nanking atrocities are coming from biased secondary sources, and there is no static testimony that can prove massacre by Japanese Army that killed 300,000 Nanking civilians. <br />Chang's argument is totally political propaganda, and it is not trustworthy at all in terms of the three following points; contradiction in the statistics, questionable sources of the photos, and biased testimony. My impression is that this book is a product of her hostile bias more than of her will to search for the truth. All the battles that took between Japan and China should be studied further than Chang's research. I understand the national anger among Chinese people who believe there was brutal massacre as described in her book, but I also hope they will discover injustice in her phony journalism. Distortion of facts by the goverment is not a good thing. If China wants to talk about history, they should first set their speech free.
B000002I6T|5.0|Some of you may wonder why an aging rocker like Crosby is still hailed, or  why VH1 bothered to do a special about the &quot;saving kidney. Musically  speaking this CD is the reason. Other than Deja Vu, and some of his work  vith Nash, this CD represents David Crosby's finest work. His voice is at  its dramatic peak, the songs -both melodies and words are his most beatiful  ones ever- and, to top ot all off, he's backed by the who's who of the West  Coast &quot;Psychedelic Intelingentsia.&quot; Everybody who was anybody, is  here! I probably worked my way to three vinyls already. If you'd like to  find out what rock was like when creativity was a requirement for  recognition, or remember what moved us, back in the Sixties, to see the  poetry of life in every single thing, this is an absolute must-have.
B000001Y42|5.0|If you like Rap or Rock you will love this cd.Its the best and so is Fred.Just buy the cd.
B00003CXDV|3.0|`Galaxy Quest,' a good-natured bit of sci-fi parody, plays upon a universal fantasy most of us have nurtured since childhood: what would happen if all those action/adventure fantasy games we spent hours acting  out in the backyard suddenly became reality? What if we were called upon to  actually perform the feats of heroic derring-do - battling evil enemies,  securing last-minute rescues, saving entire galaxies - which comprised many  of the idle waking hours of our &quot;misspent&quot; youth?<br />In `Galaxy  Quest,' a group of actors gets this chance. The stars of an early-80's  pseudo-Star Trek adventure series, these performers are reduced to spending  their time making appearances at well-attended retrospectives, replete with  fans who dress in costumes, recite whole lines of memorized dialogue and  demonstrate a decidedly unhealthy inability to differentiate between the  world of reality and the world of the `Galaxy Quest' series. The film pokes  gentle and affectionate fun at this strange subculture of obsessed fans  that seems to attach itself inexplicably to these examples of mind-numbing  mass media creations - yet these fans get the final laugh. For suddenly,  some benign, terminally cheerful, genuine aliens, initially  indistinguishable from the earthbound fans of the show, kidnap the actors,  believing them to be the genuine articles and just the heroes they need to  defeat their evil enemy, the malevolent Sarris. Before we know it, the  stunned actors, after an initial state of understandable hesitation and  insecurity, discover the inner strength and knowledge to emerge as  bona-fide heroes for the occasion.<br />`Galaxy Quest,' handed a clever  premise, manages to generate a sufficient number of genuine laughs to  compensate for the occasionally wearying effect of redundancy that  invariably accompanies comedies based on a one-joke formula. The cast - Tim  Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub, Sam Rockwell, Daryl  Mitchell - seems to be having an enormous amount of silly fun, as their  characters all assume the roles they have been playing so long on TV, even  though logically, no one actor should be the natural commander more than  any other. This sense of formalized logic manifesting itself in the  decidedly illogical context of this story provides much of the giddy fun of  the film.<br />The special effects are spectacular and the set design pays  clever homage to all the `Star Wars/Star Trek' productions that have come  before it. Yes, the film is loopy and, as with most comedies, the jokes  that work don't come fast and frequently enough to fill in all the dull  passages that, unfortunately, seem to be inevitable in this genre. Still,  for a bit of mindless fun and a few hearty chuckles, `Galaxy Quest' is  worth donning your World Federation uniform and strapping yourself in for.  It turns out to be a pretty enjoyable ride.be having an enormous amount of silly fun, as their  characters all assume the roles they have been playing so long on TV, even  though logically, no one actor should be the natural commander more than  any other. This sense of formalized logic manifesting itself in the  decidedly illogical context of this story provides much of the giddy fun of  the film. <br />The special effects are spectacular and the set design pays  clever homage to all the `Star Wars/Star Trek' productions that have come  before it. Yes, the film is loopy and, as with most comedies, the jokes  that work don't come fast and frequently enough to fill in all the dull  passages that, unfortunately, seem to be inevitable in this genre. Still,  for a bit of mindless fun and a few hearty chuckles, `Galaxy Quest' is  worth donning your World Federation uniform and strapping yourself in for.  It turns out to be a pretty enjoyable ride.
6305910324|5.0|Steven Zaillian is one of the great spiritual artists of our time, and this film shows it.  Like all of Zaillian's directorial and writing work, SFBF is really about the inherent spirituality of human existence.  In his  extraordinary way, Zaillian shows that virtuous qualities like humility,  generosity, patience, sacrifice, love, and honest struggle are the stuff  from which a worthy life are forged.  I am an evangelical Christian, and  although nothing overtly Christian or Biblical appears in this film (nor is  any credit given to God for Josh's talents nor his naturally generous  spirit), it nevertheless portrays the most Christ-like demeanor in a  &quot;regular&quot; person I have ever seen on film.  SFBF is undoubtedly  Zaillian's best work to date, although his handling of Schindler's List and  A Civil Action also demonstrate a keen understanding of spiritual reality.   His films are a rare transcendental experience in a Hollywood world which  has strayed so very far from the truth.
0783241399|3.0|Why is it that black Americans only make it into the movies if they are in  some way victimized by white culture?  And why do these movies always take  place in the past, as if the contemporary black experience has no drama in  it?  And why do movies that are &quot;uplifting&quot; always descend into  schmaltzy quotations from the bible?  And why does the victimized always  turn into a Job-like stoic?  And why are bland actors always chosen to play  Canadians?  <br />The Hurricane offers no answers to the questions but it sure  illustrates these flaws.  Everyone talks about how Denzel was  &quot;robbed&quot; of the Oscar given to Kevin Spacey for AMERICAN BEAUTY.   Please.  Rubin Carter, for all his hellfire early in the movie, is another  in a long line of you-done-me-wrong, we-shall-overcome heroes straight out  of ROOTS.  And speaking of AMERICAN BEAUTY, why isn't an intelligent drama  like that made about a black family?  ORDINARY PEOPLE could have been done  with African-Americans.  WHO'S AFRAID OF VIRGINIA WOOLF could have been,  too.  Obviously, I'm talking about scathing, cutting-edge dramas which for  some reason African-Americans never get into but are instead relegated to  playing slaves or seven-foot-tall Christ-like figures or boxers brought  down by racist cops.  Come on, Hollywood, get some courage.
B00000I950|3.0|&quot;Voule Vouz&quot; is probably Abba's most disco influenced album, which is not to say its bad because Abba was always first and formost a dance band.  What the album really lacks is a killer single like  &quot;Dancing Queen&quot; or &quot;Knowing Me, Knowing You&quot; to serve  as a highlight.  The best songs here, &quot;Chiqutita,&quot; &quot;Angel  Eyes,&quot; &quot;As Good as New&quot; and &quot;I Have a Dream&quot; are  all fine pop songs worthy of the Abba tradition.  The title track, however,  is a weak disco number, and &quot;Does Your Mother Know,&quot; with its  borderline pedophilia lyrics, is a bit creepy.  Overall, this album will  not disappoint fans, but more casual listeners should start with one of the  Greatest Hits packages.
6304474652|5.0|I too have been searching and searching for the rhythm-filled soundtrack  to this great movie and cannot find it!!!  Someone please help!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000I952|2.0|By the early 1980s, Abba and their disco sensibilities had started to seem like relics from the past.  To their credit, they sensed this and called it a day.  Unfortunately, their last album was not up to their ususal high  standards for pop songwriting.  &quot;One of Us&quot; is the only song on  the album that measures up to their classics (and, I might add, the only  song that appears on the career retrospective &quot;Abba Gold&quot;).  The  title track is just plain bizarre and few of the other songs leave much of  an impression.  Despite what their detractors might say about their disco  connection, Abba was a great pop band.  This is just not one of their  better albums.
B00003CX8I|5.0|I was very impressed with the movie xmen.the story kept you wondering what was going to happen next.the special effects were some of the best ive seen  to date.Overall it is the best money ive spent to see a movie in a long  time
B000002JPA|5.0|This album is one of the all time best. These guys are musicians musicians. They rock and play with prescision. They are tight, innovative and the songs are very well thopught out. I noticed a couple reviews that  were not complimentary but I think the reason is that the music is over  their heads. <br />If you do not like complex rythms and intelligent music,  then this band is not for you. However, if you like music with an  intellectual flavor then you ought to check them out. Great stuff!<br />As far  as metal goes this is one of my favorites. It mixes mind and melody  together. I call it thinkers music.<br />I do not always agree with the  lyrics, but the music is is tight!
B000000T01|3.0|Like some other reviewers, I saw &quot;The Kids Are Alright&quot; when it debuted in theaters in 1979; in fact, I saw it in a theater about a dozen times (and several times on HBO) before it made it to video. What's missing  from all video releases is the first 4 minutes or so of &quot;A Quick  One,&quot; a 2-minute interview with Townshend in which he describes how he  wrote that song, and a 1-minute montage of interview clips with all four  band members between the Monterey &quot;My Generation&quot; and &quot;Won't  Get Fooled.&quot; A further mystery can be found in the closing credits,  when we're shown a list of songs that appeared in the film. Among them are  &quot;I'm a Boy,&quot; &quot;Heat Wave,&quot; and &quot;I Can See for  Miles,&quot; none of which are anywhere to be found in the movie. Were  these cut before the film went into wide distribution? (Also, the credits  say Rick Danko appears in the film. Presuming this is the late Danko of The  Band, where is he? In the 50-60 times I've seen this movie, I've never  spotted him.) Let's hope that when this film makes it to DVD, it's in the  form of the original cut that contained all this music. Let's also hope  that the DVD uses the original videotape source material for the Smothers,  Pontiac Stadium, etc. segments that were originally shot on video, rather  than that washed-out video-to-celluloid process used in the theatrical  release. A pretty big wish list, I know, but I can dream, can't I?
B00004T8RK|1.0|Go ahead.  Write me off as a casual, post-Ten Pearl Jam fan if it makes you feel better.  Assume that I know nothing about the history of the band,  or what their stance is in the music scene, or have heard none of their B  sides.  The fact of the matter is, this CD is pathetic.  It has the sound  of a weak garage recording, where Eddie's vocals are often drowned out by  play that is about as tight as cheesecloth.  The beauty and draw of this  band has always been Eddie's vocals, which are virtually background noise  here.  If this is a sign of things to come for the band, then I guess I'll  stick with the old stuff, and try and forget they ever made an album after  Live on 2 legs.  Maybe I'm just not &quot;in&quot; enough to  &quot;understand&quot; what the band is doing, but I think its a lame  excuse by people clinging desparately to what they want to hear.  If it  were any other band, it wouldn't have sold 200 copies.
B000002H33|5.0|Well, here it is folks - the greatest heavy metal album of all time.  You may not agree with me completely on that one, but I'm willing to bet that anyone who considers themselves a metal fan would at least include this  album in their top 5 favorites of all time.  Any how could they not?   Master of Puppets is one of those rare gems that grips you tightly from the  opening of the first track and holds on relentlessly until all 8 of the  masterpieces are finished.<br />Everything that defines the genre is here:  crunchy guitars, breakneck tempos, furious drum beats and burning guitar  solos.  What sets this recording apart from the others however  (particularly from those of the 80's when this was released), is the  undeniable quality of the writing, Hetfield's characteristically angry but  melodic and never-cheesy-sounding vocals, and the wide range of dynamic  levels covered; everything from roaring and explosive, to soft and  melancholy.<br />The truth is that I can't possibly say too many great things  about this recording...  So the bottom line?  Master of Puppets is an  absolute masterpiece and represents Metallica at their most ferocious and  creative best.  If you consider yourself even the tiniest of heavy rock  music fans, and particularly if you are familiar with Metallica's more  recent works but not their earlier stuff, you need to do yourself the favor  of picking this classic album up right now.  I promise that you won't  regret it.
158234082X|5.0|I am in love with this book, and Anthony Bourdain's straight-up, conversational style.  Since I already knew better than to order a seafood frittata, the chapter covering food safety issues did not scare me.  It  only served to reinforce the idea that Mr. Bourdain is really giving his  readers the straight scoop.  <br />Since he is still employed at a chef in a  fairly visible NYC restaurant, he must be competent in the kitchen.  How  amazing to find someone whose creative abilities in one area are matched,  if not surpassed, by equally impressive abilities in another - writing.  He  is witty, frank, crass, and just plain brilliant.
1570428654|1.0|Sorry, but I had high hopes after reading all the positive reviews for this book. My boyfriend and I bought the audio and played it on a recent trip. I remember giggling once, sort of. What's the deal -- hilarious? What  am I missing? It's not that it was horrible, it's just that it was flat --  purported to be funny, but to me a real disappointment. Maybe it picked up  after the first two tapes, but we couldn't sit through any more than that.
B000002U82|5.0|This album is unlike any other.  It flows together like chapters of a book  to make a final common goal or theme.  No other band has done this, and  this quality along with the superb music makes it the best album I have  ever heard.  No band has ever been like Pink Floyd as their songs are so so  different, yet great.  Make an album with great songs and have it all go  together and you have DSOTM.  Also, its cool that it goes along with Wizard  of Oz (start the CD when the lion roars the thrid time during the MGM  thing).
0679720200|4.0|&quot;the stranger&quot; is OK, more, a great novel. However, i expected more form a nobel prize. In a book labeled as &quot;existentialist&quot;, (as this one) the book quality is strongly related to the personality of the main character. Thats beacuse most of the book is composed by thoughts  of the protagonist or his feelings towards somebody or something. Meursault  (this books main character) is complex and interesting, however, in my  opinion is far from reaching the deepness of other famous characters such  as Dostoievskys Raskolnikov; Hesses: Emil Sinclair or Harry Heller; or  even the one from Sabatos &quot;the tunnel&quot;. Meursault is portrayed  as somebody who doesnt have much feelings towards anybody or anything.  Inside him there are no internal conflicts or doubts or questions about  something. That's Ok, Camus makes it interesting anyway...Good  book, definetely worth reading, but forgetable in some degree.
6305263248|5.0|When I first heard about Ronin on TV, I knew I had to go see it.  I was not disappointed.  Great action sequences (including two of the best car chases in film), a solid plot, and outstanding acting by Robert De Niro,  Jean Reno, and Jonathan Pryce made this movie my favorite.  I have  personally seen Ronin seven times, and each time I am amazed by the quality  of the film.<br />There's more to this movie than the action sequences, and it  recalls the days when action movies were not just pure action all the time.   When I first saw the samurai minature sequence, I thought it was uncessary  and boring, but after time, I have come to think it an interesting and  important part of the story.  Some people might find Ronin a bit boring at  times, but it has a strong plotline that is unpredicatble, and just enough  action without going overboard.<br />This DVD doesn't have many extra features  at all, although I absolutely loved the director's commentary.  Otherwise,  it's sorely lacking in features, despite the alternate ending.  I wish that  MGM would have released this as a special edition - it would have been my  favorite DVD of all time - still, I highly recommend it because Ronin is  such an awesome movie.
B000023X9W|4.0|With Silver &amp; Gold, Neil Young has released his best album since Harvest Moon. A relaxed, wistful reflection on life and love, Young keeps things simple with a stripped-down sound (acoustic guitar punctuated with  drums, piano, and plaintive steel guitar here and there) and lyrics that  are minimalist without sinking into banality (&quot;all i want/is a song of  love/a song of love/to sing to you&quot;). 'Good To See You' and 'Silver  &amp; Gold' are basic love songs that transcend their simplicity with their  lilting melodies; 'Daddy Went Walkin'' and 'Horseshoe Man' paint ethereal  pictures of simple life. The last three songs on Silver &amp; Gold rank  among the best Young has written in the past ten years: 'Distant Camera'  reworks the opening riff of 'Old Man' into a reflection of the artist who  feels he has become that same Old Man; 'Razor Love' is a beautiful ballad  played with a full band which evokes Harvest-era Young; and 'Without Rings'  serves as a darker, melancholy conclusion that surprises the listener with  its frankness. This album was painstakingly assembled over a couple years,  but the wait was more than worth it. Silver &amp; Gold is one of the better  albums of 2000.
0061091480|5.0|the best it teach you a new way of thinking that it will make you free from yourself and others you must read this book it is the best do not matter How much you think you know about yourself I promes you it will be  helpfull
B000001EXB|2.0|Maybe, as another reviewer noted, Elton was going through a difficult time when recording this album.  Or maybe he'd been devoting the majority of his time working on songs for Aida and El Dorado (both projects, according to  EJ, were five years in the making).  Whatever the case, this John/Taupin  effort is awfully lukewarm.  I wasn't particularly fond of Made in England  (sappy self-help songs), but at least that record sounded like EJ put  effort into it.  The Big Picture however has the feel of product--the  perfunctory Elton/Bernie release to keep their giant wheel turning.  It's  also not a good sign when the only bonafide hit off this thing, Something  About The Way You Look Tonight, is a weak single.  Like Healing Hands or  You Gotta Love Someone, Something is soft-rock, adult-comtemporary  complacency.  The song does have wonderful, soulful verses, but the chorus  is dull and cliched.  The two best songs on this CD are Long Way From  Happiness and Recover Your Soul, but neither are classic EJ cuts.  Long Way  is especially burdened (as is the whole album) with drum machines and  grandiose electric keyboards.  Gosh, how wonderful this song would have  been if Elton had recorded it entirely with his piano.<br />In fairness,  though, the production is top-notch and Elton's singing does sound strong.   Now middle-aged, it seems Elton's songwriting skills have dropped but his  sense of how to use his voice have improved.  Nevertheless, I'd recommend  passing this album by (or, at worst, purchasing it VERY cheap online).   Oddly, I recommend The Road to El Dorado, a soundtrack that features EJ's  best work since the early 80's
6301562925|3.0|I have seen this movie a number of times. Each time i see it i find a  mistake. The sitcom music when the two dumb clumsy cops are introduced,the  odd caption and missmatches with Wendy Chaplin. I would have to say like i  tell everybody about this movie, it is not very good or original at all.  However it is interesting. I find it a fun movie to watch. It (along with  6) is probably the wierdest movie ive ever seen in my life. The man in  black really had me wondering. Dr. Loomis just finally i can see lost it.  Donald Pleasence is always great though. I didnt like it when Ellie  Cornwall was killed of. Then i think of it though. The survivors of 4  (which i liked by the way) the got very weak in 5. Thats why I was  disapointed with the acting. thank you for taking the time to read this  review.
B000002UAF|5.0|A Hard Day's Night is a classic that belongs in any music lover's collection. At first, I was skeptical about getting into the Beatles' early years, as I'm extremely fond of the musical and lyrical complexity of their  later years, but I picked up Help! and A Hard Day's Night and I'm really  glad I did. This album is noteworthy in that it was the first Beatles album  to contain no covers, only Lennon and McCartney compositions (mostly Lennon  though). Even though there are a few brainlessly poppy tunes here, there is  some really good stuff, from rockers to beautiful acoustic ballads. Things  We Said Today is a highlight. This is probably the best early (pre-Rubber  Soul) Beatles album.
0671027344|5.0|This book was worth every cent I spent on it. Charlie accurately represents so many teenagers out there who want so much to find out that they're normal. I've already read it twice, but would definitely read it  again.
6305627401|5.0|&quot;South Park: Bigger, Longer &amp; Uncut&quot; is without a doubt the most offending movie I have ever seen. But I expected that and everyone who is going to see this movie should. So if you are shocked about F-words,  C-words, P-words and things like that, DON'T SEE THIS MOVIE!<br />But this  movie doesn't have only strong language, it also has a very gory war and  surgery (done by a doctor with the voice of George Clooney!).  It also  makes fun of every group of people you could imagine, but it is not meant  to be offending!<br />This movie is funnier and crueler than the TV-show, and  it also has better animations (especially hell looks great). I also realy  liked every song of the movie very much. And maby it sounds strange, but if  you like the Disney songs, you will like them too!<br />If you are not easily  offended in any way, you just have to see this movie. But one thing is for  sure: <br />I YOU WATCH THIS MOVIE, YOU WILL LEARN A LOT OF NEW WORDS!
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Finally got Brave New World today and I must say it's a pleasant surprise. While it's hard to say if this album will hold up to the classic Maiden albums (Number of the Beast, Piece of Mind, Powerslave) over time, it's  MUCH better than anything they released after 7th Son. A lot of fans think  the downfall of Maiden was when they lost Bruce. I think it was when they  lost Adrian Smith. Janick Gers wasn't a good replacement for him - the twin  guitar attack of Dave Murray and Adrian Smith is one of the crucial  elements to Maiden's sound. And Gers couldn't pull it off.  Now that Adrian  and Dickinson are back in the band - the classic Maiden sound has been  restored. (I wish they'd let Gers go and just get back to the classic  line-up.) Skeptics should check this album out - Maiden is back!   Looking  forward to seeing them in the US - nothing beats a Maiden show.  Up The  Irons!
6305807086|5.0|While too many movies suffer the fate of creative bankruptcy, Being John  Malkovich is a refreshing study in contrast, so bracing original that  you'll want to send director Spike Jonze and screenwriter Charlie Kaufman a  thank-you note for restoring your faith in the enchantment of film. Even if  it ultimately serves little purpose beyond the thrill of comedic invention,  this demented romance is gloriously entertaining, spilling over with ideas  that tickle the brain and even touch the heart. That's to be expected in a  movie that dares to ponder the existential dilemma of a forlorn puppeteer  (John Cusack) who discovers a metaphysical portal into the brain of actor  John Malkovich.<br />    The puppeteer's working as a file clerk on the  seventh-and-a-half floor of a Manhattan office building; this idea alone  might serve as the comedic basis for an entire film, but Jonze and Kaufman  are just getting started. Add a devious coworker (Catherine Keener),  Cusack's dowdy wife (a barely recognizable Cameron Diaz), and a business  scheme to capitalize on the thrill of being John Malkovich, and you've got  a movie that just gets crazier as it plays by its own outrageous rules.  Malkovich himself is the film's pice de rsistance, riffing on his own  persona with obvious delight and--when he enters his own brain via the  portal--appearing with multiple versions of himself in a tour-de-force use  of digital trickery. Does it add up to much? Not really. But for 112  liberating minutes, Being John Malkovich is a wild place to visit. I was  naked when I viewed this movie.
B00003Q43A|1.0|Independence Day is an awful film. It's a total garbage. No other recent big-budget movie can challenge its' stupidity. (Except maybe 'Armageddon'). Watching it through once (and that was enough), made me furious and  indignant. And not the least amused or entertained.  In my opinion the  so-called 'brainless' films do not necessarily have to insult your  intelligence. 'Star Wars', or 'Indiana Jones' or even the James Bond movies  are basically brainless films, but still they are sheer fun to watch, not  to mention good films (at least some of them). This film is not fun. It  does not function in a &quot;leave your reasoning outside the theaters and  let your imagination guide you&quot; sort of way, but rather &quot;leave  your intelligence, taste and whatever makes you a thinking individual  outside the theater, and help us to become millionaires out of your  stupidity. We'll also blow all kinds of special effects in your face, so  you won't even have to use your imagination, or any part of your brains for  that matter... Just relax and be a vegetable&quot;...  And it's a shame,  really. Because the film has a very impressive beginning, and in general  had all the prospects to become a good sci-fi picture.  And this is coming  from someone who loves science fiction movies. This is definitely not a  'buy-one'.  Wait for 'Star Wars'...
B00000DFSK|4.0|I always liked U2's music, but was never able to find one album which  would give me more than two or three good songs.  Well, there it is.  I've  waited many years for this one.  Not only does it regroup the band's best  material, but it regroups what I think is some of the best the 80's gave us  musically.  Why 4 stars then?  Because once again, one can find some songs  which are not that good (like Sweetest Thing).  That's also the reason I  didn't buy the limited double album edition.  I only wanted &quot;the  best&quot;.  And the best is most of what one will get with this excellent  CD.
B000000XB9|5.0|What a great cd.  Almost every song was a hit.  They're all nice in their  own little Clearwatery way.  The best will always be &quot;Up Around The  Bend&quot; though &quot;Run Through The Jungle&quot; is a close second.   Get the cd.  Listen to it.  Be happy.
B00000J7JO|4.0|I never really liked their material, but I decided to buy this CD anyway.  I was never disappointed.  Kiedis brought his voice to a new level.  The songwriting got better than before.  They were able to bring together their  own funk sound with a new rock approach, which brings a great variety of  styles along this album.  It could have included a little less songs,  considering some are not that great, but overall, this is really good  material.
B00003CWL6|5.0|What a great movie.  Actually great isn't quite the adjective that fits here.  It's more of a PERFECT IN EVERY DETAIL NO MATTER HOW MINUTE OR MINISCULE movie.  Just see this movie O.K.?  You'll be doing yourself a  favor.  Aside from the incredible direction, the marvelous acting, the  beautiful score, there's the breathtaking movie itself. . . a wondrous  apparition to behold.  See it.
1559409002|2.0|In 1962 when this film was released, it caused enough stir that theatre managers had to offer a disclaimer: no refunds.  Seems they were afraid that the ground-breakingly spooky, &quot;psychological&quot; plot would  frighten the weak at heart enough to make them leave the theatre.<br />I'll  tell you, though, for a Gen-X viewer in the year 2000 the refund would have  been for a different reason.  To today's viewer, this film is just plain  boring.  I found myself watching the film through to its end (not too  painful, at only 84 minutes) simply because I was hoping some shocking  ending would make it all worth while.  (The ending, in 1962, WAS a shocker.  But don't expect anything you won't have guessed well in advance.)<br />If  you have an interest in cinematics--makeup, lighting, framing, and other  film/theatric techniques--then you may get enough out of this movie to make  it worth a purchase.  But do yourself a favor and buy the cheap version.  The Criterion Collection DVD package, for a whopping $40 retail, offers a  Kansas TV station's sentimental, low-budget documentary of the film cast's  27-year reunion, at which they reminisce about how young they were back  then, how cold the water was in the river, and how hard it was putting on  their own makeup for the film.  These are the sorts of reunions I make up  excuses not to attend.<br />Some films can only be appreciated in light of  their place in history.  Unfortunately, Carnival of Souls is one of these.
0393312836|4.0|What a wonderful book, if you like reading about violent and graphic rapes, beatings, and the inner destruction of man- which I do like reading about.  Only Burgess could conjure up a story so incredible, so vivid and  disturbing that one could actually enjoy reading it.  The language, by far,  is the best since Shakespeare picked up a quill.  Read this awesome book  and it'll make you think twice the next time you think about methods of  being nice.
B00004W5UA|5.0|This movie is incredible. From what I heard of it when it was in the theatres, I wasn't interested. I'm more of a chick-flick movie person at times, ya know, like Steel Magnolias. Not that this movie is a chick flick  at all, but it was a lot different than I expected. The plot is so drawing,  the characters are very interesting that I actually kept thinking about  them after the movie was over, thats something that never happens anymore.  The twist in the end made me think for days about how it must have been to  be the main character, and then I noticed that they never mentioned his  name. I'll say no more about that.
0451452739|5.0|The title of my review says it all, but I will go a little further for  those of who want to know more about my favorite book.  I loved the movie  so I decided to read the book.  Good decision.  Do the same!  Once you  start you'll want to finish it in one sitting!  The marvelous storytelling  of Clarke is truly spectacular!  The riveting plot, and plots don't get any  better than this, folks, compells you to read on!  For the last time, READ  THIS INCREDIBLE BOOK.  You won't regret it.
B00000055E|5.0|2pac in life was the greatest rapper of all time and - as this album shows- he loooses no quality in death. The production on this album may be  a litlle inconsistent going from immaculate (do for love/ r u still down?)  to slightly below par (open fire) however the raps flow like water an  2pac's name should be enough for you to buy it. If you're thinking of  buying it you have nothing to lose as unfortunately we'll never hear any  fresh material from 2pac again. This album definitely gets the thumbs up.
0451160916|5.0|Stephen King's &quot;The Shining&quot; is a perfect novel.  It's not only the best SK book EVER, but the best horror novel EVER.  I've always been a huge fan of his work ever since I read this book, so if you read this one,  you'll be highly tempted to read more which I also highly advise.
6305095566|4.0|Five friends travel to a cabin for their vacation, unknowing the Evil presence that lurks in the woods around them. While on a trip to the cellar, our hero Ash and a companion discover a tape recorder and a book.  Playing the tape turned out to be a big mistake, because this same tape  contains incantations from the book... The book of the dead! Incantations  that were meant to release... The Evil Dead!<br />For gore hounds, this movie  is for you! Plenty of gore to be found here. The make-up for the zombies is  just excellent! The grainy film quality, as well as the camera movements  and camera angles, might be responsible the chilling atmosphere. Not as  good as the sequel (Evil Dead 2: Dead by Dawn) in my opinion, but a lot of  die-hard horror fans might disagree with me.
0767824571|4.0|I really like comedies and I really like Monty Python.  2+2=4.  I loved  this flick.  Not only is it one of the funniest ever, but easily the best  Python film.  See this movie and prepare to laugh.
6302038308|5.0|First off, I would like to say that this movie IS a sequel, and NOT a remake (Bruce Campbell mentioned this in his web site)! The reason why the beginning of this film was kind of similar to what happened in Part 1, was  that they wanted to do a re-cap of what happened in the first  film.<br />Anyway, this movie continues where the first one left off, where we  see Ash alone at the cabin with the Evil presence. Later, a woman  (accompanied by three other people) arrives, looking for her parents to get  some help translating more pages she found which belongs to the book of the  dead.<br />Unlike the first one which was pure horror, this one is horror with  a comedic touch. The special effects are excellent (due to the bigger  budget)... The zombies now look more terrifying than ever! A lot of fans  (especially die-hard horror fans) might disagree with me, but I find this  to be the best out of all the Evil Dead trilogy. I strongly recommend this  film.
B00000J2KX|5.0|People are always asking me which is better, the book or the movie.  For The Shining it'd be the book even though Kubrick's masterpiece is my favorite Kubrick film.  It's a standout horror film in its own light.   Nicholson's performance is over the top as the crazed lead.  The only thing  that scares me in the movie is the twins.  God, I still wake up screaming.
0393307050|5.0|Yes - I, too, am one of those readers who learned of Patrick O'Brian only when his death in January of this year brought forth an avalanche of obituaries as well as countless reports and comments on his voluminous  work. Astonished at the amount of praise that was showered upon this  seemingly nondescript Englishman, I ordered a copy of &quot;Master and  Commander&quot;, known to be the first of the Aubrey/Maturin novels, and -  in full anticipation of a good story - carefully turned the first page. Let  it be said here and now that the book surpassed all of my dangerously  high-flown expectations! Now that I have finished reading it, I hardly know  where to begin my enumerating all the many points and details that I took  so much pleasure in. First of all, the characterization of both Jack Aubrey  and Stephen Maturin is truly delightful. Where has there been an equally  sworn, yet sometimes oddly antagonistic pair of companions? Then - and this  might well be the most remarkable aspect of the whole book - Mr O'Brian  proves to be extraordinarily skillful at re-creating a peculiarly turbulent  period in European history. I had to do some additional reading in order to  be able to grasp all of the tale's intricate details and in return was left  with the impression that events could not have taken place but in the way  as they are being described by Mr O'Brian. And finally, &quot;Master and  Commander&quot; quite simply is a highly readable account of life at sea at  the beginning of the 19th century, including lots of action and a chase (in  chapter eleven) that made me completely forget the sights and sounds of the  world around me. Perhaps I should consider myself lucky not to have heard  of Mr O'Brian before, for the products of his genius are now still waiting  to be reaped. I am looking forward to the harvest.
1559409010|5.0|This dvd is what dvds were made for.  The tons of extras are mind boggling  and are hysterically funny!  The time it takes to watch and rewatch the  special documentary and extra footage is well worth the money.  Oh and the  film!  One of the funniest ever!  Do yourself a favor and get this dvd!   You'll thank yourself.  And you'll probably lead a more productive life.   And your wife won't leave you.  Trust me.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Okay, this review will probably never be read, but who cares, right? Slipknot is more than just new-wave metal. The lyrics actually have meaning in them-even though you'll probably end up having to read them thru the  screaming. Whenever Corey sings, he sounds like he's in realistic anguish.  And he can go from deafening screaming to melodic singing in less than a  second. There are VERY few bands that can do that. I highly recommend this  CD to anybody that likes the REAL hard stuff! Still though, I'd have to say  that the first version released before the newer one is 100x better. It had  more songs on it, and a song called Purity, which got replaced by a new  one. Why didn't they just add one on? (plus 3 hidden tracks located on the  FRONT side of the CD). If you can find it at an auction or something, get  THAT version instead.<br />I DO have to ask though, why in the HELL are there  NINE PEOPLE?  1 singer, 2 drummers, 2 bassists, 3 guitarists, and 1 DJ?   I THINK it's something like that....
B000002OX5|3.0|I gotta be honest, I bought this cd expecting some hard rock from The Who  and was disappointed when I heard 60s' English music.  They're pretty good  (and cool) songs but don't expect heavy rock like &quot;We Won't Get Fooled  Again&quot; or &quot;My Generation&quot; cause they aren't on here!
0195073401|5.0|At the University of Paderborn (Germany) use the book as our main  basic text book for 3rd to 5th year economic students. There is only space for a few additional texts. That sums up the excellence of this outstanding book.
6305546789|5.0|This is absolutely the best horror flick of all time.  This one started it all, all the slasher flicks originated from &quot;Halloween&quot; (even though some argue it was &quot;Psycho&quot;).  Trust me, it's  &quot;Halloween.&quot;<br />This film has it all- murder, suspense, murder, a  psycho killer, murder, sex, some murder, graphic violence, murder, superb  acting (for a horror movie), murder, near perfect direction, and did I  meantion MURDER?  The suspense will you have you biting away all your nails  on your hands, the psycho killer will make you fear for your pathetic life,  the sex will make you &quot;in the mood,&quot; the graphic violence will  make you cover your eyes, the superb acting will make you think twice about  Jamie Lee Curtis and friends, and the near perfect direction by John  Carpenter is bar none only to Mike Nichols' &quot;The Graduate.&quot;  Really.  No lie, dude.<br />But what's most likely the best feature in this  movie is the music.  The classic score makes you realize Carpenter is a  cinematic genius (we can now forgive him for &quot;Halloween 2&quot;).  I  ran right out and bought the soundtrack and I don't have any regrets.<br />I  highly advise, ok, I BEG you to see this movie!  Then you can be like me  and say, &quot;What a movie!&quot;
B00003CX6P|2.0|This film was one of those on the list of movies I SHOULD like.  However, I found the pace of the film slow and plodding and the story less than intriguing.  I was not surprised by any plot twist or supposedly  &quot;hidden&quot; motive.  I disliked all the characters and thus had no  one to identify with.  I was yawning all the way through - and THIS review  is coming from someone who LOVED &quot;My Dinner with Andre.&quot;
0140186409|5.0|I have never read a better novel written by an American than THE GRAPES OF WRATH.  Steinbeck's deeply touching tale of displaced families and a nation rent by Depression will never cease to be relevant.<br />The Joads and  thousands of others are driven out of Oklahoma by drought and the  Depression.  It is bad enough they lose their farms to homes and have to  move.  It is worse that the big business fruit growers in California print  misleading flyers claiming to have far more well-paying jobs available than  they ever intended to have.  It is miserable when they get to California  (where the people curse them as \\"Okies\\") and find out that as few as one  man owns as much a million acres--much of it lying fallow in front of their  eyes.<br />As difficult as the plight of the Joads and families like them,  Steinbeck does not paint the Californians or their police as evil so much  as scared into treachery and violence in order to protect their own.  No  one wants to starve and starvation after the dust bowl and thanks to the  exploitative wages paid by the vineyard owners is a very real possibility.  Nor does he canonize the migrants--the societies that grow up by the side  of the road each night have their own laws and lawbreakers, stout hearts  and slatterns--but does show them as civilized people who don't deserve  being treated like animals.  Many fearful Californians don't  agree.<br />Steinbeck's character Tom Joad (whose ghost lives on in a Bruce  Springsteen's song recently covered by Rage Against the Machine) is as  important to American literature as Huckleberry Finn, Holden Caulfield and  Jay Gatsby.  Joad knows life offers no simple solutions, but he also knows  that fair is fair. When a man's employers charge him for his work gear AND  operate the stores where he must buy his food so that he often ends up  OWING his employers more at the end of the week than his pitiful wages can  cover, Tom Joad knows that's not just.  He knows the land is fertile enough  to feed everyone, so don't try giving him any speeches about \\"private  property\\" and \\"supply and demand.\\"  If the test of a system and a society  is how it treats it poorest members (especially in a crisis like the  Depression), then the world the Joads live in fails miserably.<br />No less  strong a character than her son Tom, Ma Joad embodies all the cliches about  being a tower of strength without actually being a clich&eacute; herself.  She and  her family possess all the true grit and hearty spirit America prides  itself on as a nation of pioneers, but by the 1930s the frontier has been  bought up and the pioneers are in desperate straits.<br />This book is  occasionally criticized for being too socialistic.  This criticism is  misguided; what THE GRAPES OF WRATH does is show how capitalism can and  often does enrich the few while the many suffer.  Steinbeck shows how  breadbasket farmers were thrown off the land they had worked for  generations so bankers in the East can make more profit.  Can this happen  today, even in a time of tremendous prosperity?  Ask today's family farmers  what agribusiness has done to them. THE GRAPES OF WRATH is no call to play  the \\"Internationale,\\" but it does starkly and intelligently raise questions  about the meaning of equal opportunity and justice for all.<br />This is a  book that should be required reading for Alan Greenspan, the editors of THE  WALL STREET JOURNAL, and triumphal capitalists everywhere who wince for  their stock dividends when the unemployment rate goes down.  Not to mention  every single elected official in the United States. The subject matter is  extremely heavy and sad, but Steinbeck's style is straightforward and easy  (even with the various dialects he employs perfectly).  THE GRAPES OF WRATH  does what so very few great novels can: it will take a lot out of you, but  leave you with much more than you had when you began.ugh  to feed everyone, so don't try giving him any speeches about \\"private  property\\" and \\"supply and demand.\\"  If the test of a system and a society  is how it treats it poorest members (especially in a crisis like the  Depression), then the world the Joads live in fails miserably. <br />No less  strong a character than her son Tom, Ma Joad embodies all the cliches about  being a tower of strength without actually being a clich herself.  She and  her family possess all the true grit and hearty spirit America prides  itself on as a nation of pioneers, but by the 1930s the frontier has been  bought up and the pioneers are in desperate straits.  <br />This book is  occasionally criticized for being too socialistic.  This criticism is  misguided; what THE GRAPES OF WRATH does is show how capitalism can and  often does enrich the few while the many suffer.  Steinbeck shows how  breadbasket farmers were thrown off the land they had worked for  generations so bankers in the East can make more profit.  Can this happen  today, even in a time of tremendous prosperity?  Ask today's family farmers  what agribusiness has done to them. THE GRAPES OF WRATH is no call to play  the \\"Internationale,\\" but it does starkly and intelligently raise questions  about the meaning of equal opportunity and justice for all.<br />This is a  book that should be required reading for Alan Greenspan, the editors of THE  WALL STREET JOURNAL, and triumphal capitalists everywhere who wince for  their stock dividends when the unemployment rate goes down.  Not to mention  every single elected official in the United States. The subject matter is  extremely heavy and sad, but Steinbeck's style is straightforward and easy  (even with the various dialects he employs perfectly).  THE GRAPES OF WRATH  does what so very few great novels can: it will take a lot out of you, but  leave you with much more than you had when you began.
0446677450|5.0|A wonderful book; I recommend it for everyone who has the willingness to learn sometimes uncomfortable insights into their unconscious attitudes toward money, work, and security.  What I found most valuable in Mr.  Kiyosaki's book was his descriptions of how our family, friends, a schools,  and society instill certain attitudes about money and work that not only  inhibit our earning power, but hold us from happiness in many other ways.  When you begin to understand yourself better, the easier it becomes to be  free, and enjoy all that life has to offer. Even if you are perfectly happy  with your job, and have no need for any more money that you have, the  insights Rich Dad, Poor Dad provides into the sociology and psychology of  money are invaluable.
0140283587|4.0|My girlfriend gave me this book as a humorous alternative to the dark stuff that I normally read, so I was expecting some in-your-face, smart-aleck pulp that a reviewer somewhere thought was trying to be funny.  I started reading it at 11 o'clock at night, and I have to say that by the  time I finished it, four hours later in the wee small hours, I was  pleasantly shocked to discover that it was actually very funny in a cynical  sense, and overall a deeper and more insightful read than I had first  expected.<br />Some have called the storyline pointless and the characters  2-dimensional, but that is the point of the story: it satirises the latest  PC fad. Anyone who says it is pure pulp cannot have read the part where  Dave encounters a Reuters journalist, a passage where the author's intent  for the novel is laid bare. With Liz and Dave, Sutcliffe accurately depicts  the two main types of traveller swarming into the lesser regions of the  world: the self-obsessed type who make out like everything is 'karmic' and  'spiritual' without the first clue of what that means, and the type who  travel and 'experience poverty' just because everyone else is doing it and  they can put it on their CV. It is very fitting that, whilst following Dave  around India, we learn next to nothing about the country, and likewise,  with Liz on a spiritual quest, we get about as spiritual as who she's  sleeping with. Add to this some very accurate portrayals of travelling  (such as how when you return home, everything seems strange), and some  weird and wonderful (and morally corrupt) supporting characters, not to  mention all manner of bizarre situations, and it's a riot.<br />Don't believe  the nay-sayers. You can read this novel as pulp if you want, because the  humour and free-flowing storyline make it truly difficult to put down, but  between the lines it is a dark and bitter diatribe to the culture of the  traveller. Only the ending with its 'nosy-parker' humour lets the story  down. But it shows that none of the travellers learned anything from  travelling, despite their claims to the contrary. So it succeeds in its  point. So buy it, now.ut it shows that none of the travellers learned anything from  travelling, despite their claims to the contrary. So it succeeds in its  point. So buy it, now.
B000002U84|5.0|Everytime I listen to this album the music is still great,  especially the  songs that were never in the top ten charts, but are very good just the  same [&quot;Lonely in Your Nightmare&quot;, &quot;Hold Back the Rain&quot;,  and &quot;Last Chance on the Stairway&quot;].<br />Everything on this album  reflects the time period well--from the cover portrait to the music.  A  must for any Duran Duran fan or 80s music fan (or both).
068818071X|5.0|Rachel's Holiday is the third book by Marian Keyes, an immensely talented British writer. I have read all of Ms. Keyes books, and make no mistake, they are wonderful;however, this latest offering is definitely the best.  Rachel is a young woman from Ireland, living &amp; partying in New York  City. When her drug use gets out of hand, her roommate calls Rachel's  parents who, in turn, send one of her sisters to fetch her back to Ireland.  Rachel agrees to enter a rehab facility with the idea that it will be like  a spa vacation. That's the basic premise, but I promise you, this book is  full of wit and drama. It's way up on my list of favorites for the year.
6305263248|1.0|Ronin tries to entice viewers by revealing as little information as possible about the characters but the omission of each person's motivation regarding the suitcase makes the audience not care.  Movies are supposed to  convey information to its viewers.  Espionage films especially have this  duty but Ronin does not do this.<br />The last line in the script was  something to the effect of &quot;No answers, no questions&quot;.  Clearly  Ronin is all about the former: &quot;no answers&quot;.
B000003CMB|5.0|One of the best live recordings I've heard to date, the version of  Statesboro Blues is a personal favorite, if your looking for some of the  best Allman Bros. music, you'll find it here!
B000021Y74|5.0|I've frequently found German cinema to be too depressing for my own taste as has my husband.  However, this film got rave reviews on my film listserv so I had to give it a chance.  I was drawing when I put it on the video  player and, five minutes into the film, I had put away my drawing, not to  touch it again until the movie was over!  That is how much this movie  grabbed my eye.  The director has quite the artist's eye and takes us  through 3 different visual versions of reality for Lola as she runs to try  to save her boyfriend's life.<br /><br />We see how very small increments of time can  make vital changes to the opportunities and chances one has in life,  including whether one will even continue living!  There is not a second  wasted in the telling of this story and it is told very visually instead of  being laden with dialogue.  Lola has some very dramatic encounters with her  father, a banking executive, in these 3 versions of her running. At the  end, you feel very aware of how close you might live to momentary disaster,  especially in light of the effects of Lola's runs to the pedestrians and  drivers on the streets where she runs.  We found ourselves very caught up  in the film and wanted our own copy of it as soon as it was over, which we  did get.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B00000IN5G|5.0|Children of Bodom's sophomore effort shows how much they have matured since their first release. With &quot;Hatebreeder&quot;, CoB have accomplished the perfect sound for their band, that is both appealing to  fans of neoclassical and death metal, and that is very  original.<br />&quot;Hatebreeder&quot; is an album that shows how much  potential Children of Bodom have. Showing obvious influences by such  classic heavy metal bands as Iron Maiden and Judas Priest, Children of  Bodom introduce their own way of playing the classical leads in the new  century. Their combination of speed/neoclassical metal with death metal  sounds great, and with the vocals very fitting for the type of music, this  record is a one of a kind.<br />The musicianship of the band's members is  better than most of the so-called &quot;pros&quot;.  When hearing the solos  on this album, it's hard to believe that the person delivering those  amazing solos and riffs is also the band's vocalist. The song and music  writing is nothing short of great. Metallica would kill to be able to write  the intense riffs accompanied by the most wonderful solos since Iron  Maiden.<br />All in all, &quot;Hatebreeder&quot; is a must-have album for the  fans of melodic death metal (In Flames, Dark Tranquillity, At The Gates,  etc). But every metal fan should enjoy this record, and recognize the  mighty force that Children of Bodom will become in the near future.
B000002HRE|3.0|Quick takes:<br />-&quot;Fuel&quot;:In my opinion,the best track(and one of every Metallica's fans' favorites).Fast,fierce,and extremely powerful,right from second 1.Awesome drums by Lars,really powerful rhythm guitars and very  cool Hammett solo.This is what I call a Metallica song.It's got their  signature power. I give it 10/10.<br />-&quot;The Memory  Remains&quot;:Excellent song.Metallica always surprises.This time with  Marianne Faithfull!I know it sounds wierd,but it actually works,and works  good.Love the lyrics.The S&amp;M version is better. 7/10<br />-&quot;Devil's  Dance\\": Wow! How scary could you get?You just have to love this creepy  attempt of the devil to get someone on his side.The lyrics are  fantastic,and the melodies couldn't have been more appropriate for the  lyrics.Jason's bass is obvious here,since it's the intro.Hammett's work  here is just so creepy.It captured the meaning and essence of the song  perfectly.And just when you think that the song couldn't get any better,you  get the awesome ending&quot;:It's nice to see you here,HA HA!&quot;.A  must.8/10<br />-&quot;The Unforgiven II&quot;:Of course,no sequel will outdo  the original &quot;Unforgiven&quot;,but this MTV hit is actually very  good.James' voice is very beautiful here,and Hammett's role expands here a  little. 6/10<br />-&quot;Better Than You&quot;:Pretty powerful song(some parts  of it anyway).But I give it a 5.<br />-&quot;Slither&quot;:I love this  song.Pretty creepy at times.7/10<br />-&quot;Where the Wild Things  Are&quot;:The creepiest song I've ever listened to.It's just so scary.I  give it a 7 out of 10.<br />-&quot;Low Man's Lyric&quot;:Very touching song.I  think it's a Metallica first,because I don't hear Jaymz' guitar  here.5/10<br />-&quot;Attitude&quot;:Pretty traditional Metallica  song.5/10<br />-&quot;Fixxxer&quot;:an underrated epic,and it's always sad to  see that.6/10
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Iron Maiden have been around the heavy metal scene for over two decades, writing timeless metal classics that have inspired many bands.  When their tenth and eleventh albums (&quot;The X Factor&quot; and &quot;Virtual  XI&quot;, respectively) didn't do well, everybody most people believed that  metal really was dead, and that the Maiden crew should hang up their  coats.<br />That was until the &quot;Air-Raid Siren&quot; Bruce Dickinson and  Adrian Smith decided to rejoin Iron Maiden.  With their 12th album, Iron  Maiden went back to writing the kind of music that gained them world-wide  popularity, while still adding new elements to their music.<br />The album  consists of 10 lengthy songs, each maintaining its own charm and delivering  classic Maiden solos. From the hard rocking Wickerman, to the  Braveheart-like hymn Blood Brothers, this album is one of the most  well-written rock albums in this decade.  Every song has a meaning and a  story behind it, as the main song writer and bassist for the band Steve  Harris went back to writing songs like he used to write them in the 80's.  With 3 guitarists, the solos are delivered crispy clear and are written by  the 3 lead men themselves. With the blistering 3-guitar attack, one of the  best bassists of all time picking at his bass with all his might, and a  great drummer in Nicko McBrain, Iron Maiden's new album is set to win back  the hearts of those fans that thought metal was dead, and win the hearts of  those that still haven't heard the magical band that is Iron Maiden.<br />Up  the Irons!
B000002H2H|5.0|This is a great album.It combines the speed metal style of Kill em'All with flawless and drown out guitar riffs to create something totally original.Every song is a gem.Escape is the only weaker track.It's still  good though.The intro to Fight Fire with Fire is similar to some of the  great Led Zeppelin intros. For Whom the Bell Tolls is perhaps the best  example of Cliff Burton's genius.Call of Ktulu is a masterpeice with or  without the Symphony.Buy this CD, you want regret it.
0140277447|5.0|This is a good book that reveals one unknown side of WW2. I don't think this thin book fully covers about the Nanking massacre incident, but it surely spots a light on the subject. The facts in this book may be  incomplete (I guess god knows the truth of war; you know what I mean?),  however, still worth reading if you need to look back the past in China,  Japan, and other Asian countries. How horrible the invasion by the Japanese  empire at the time must have been for the invaded in Asia! This book seems  to stand for rather those victims than Chinese governers.       This book  is actually not finished really well, but gives an oppotunity to other  journalists for their further research. Also, I imagine arms bazaars in the  world are now targetting Asia for the future battle field, so don't get too  serious about &quot;your own countries&quot;. I'm telling you, a few Asian  idiots who are planning a meaningless war in Asia! Don't be stupid! Young  men who are in China, Japan, and in other Asian countries, don't waste your  time for your nebulous flags since they are just unreal products. Your  racial hatered just makes bankers, politicians, and weapon industries  happy. Stand up, and defend your peace from those devils! Don't be agitated  easily. Stay calm. And, keep learning your histories all together!
B00004TDVA|5.0|The impact of Arthur wasn't felt in America. Recorded before Tommy but released after it, critics failed to appreciate Ray Davies' conceptual masterpiece for what it was--the first true rock opera. Ray's narrative is  a bit clearer than Townshend's (since he had written a television script  for the album at the same time he was composing the music).<br />The  advantages of this Japanese import are many as are the disadvantages. The  packaging is faithful to the original LP down to the pull out lyric sheet  and graphics. The sound quality is actually better than the British import  (The Japanese pressing uses 20bit K2 superencoding to deliver the best  sound). This version isn't as thin sounding, has an improved range, sounds  warmer and has sharper details. Kudos to Victor in Japan for putting so  much work into this masterpiece.<br />The disadvantages are also apparent.  There are no bonus tracks (unlike the British version which has a number of  fine Dave Davies' b sides and mono mixes of some of the album's best  tracks). The booklet for the British edition puts the album into its  context and is enjoyable reading. It's kind of cool to know what the album  was like to record for those involved.<br />So it's a trade off. Better sound  (although not dramatically better when compared to the Brit version) and a  faithful reproducing of the original packaging make this well worth owning  for Kinks fans. In a pinch the British edition is fine I'd suggest  convincing a friend to purchase this and then check it out prior to  purchasing it.
B00002E233|2.0|Good special effects and sound effects, but absurd plot.  Another movie that exploits sharks as evil killing machines.  Many absurdities such as sharks being fooled by red wine in the water (thinking its blood).
0679721037|5.0|I read this book in high school. Yea sure, I got a B+ on the report, and forgot about it. Now, 30-blank years later I read it again, to see what I missed. WOW! <br />I am not a big fan of nuclear warfare, been to the 50's,  know &quot;duck-and-cover&quot;, and I wish it would all go away. So, I  thought that politics would be involved in this book, somehow. Well, let me  tell you, the stories in this book, all 6 of them, are remarkable and  without equal. When you think you've read or heard it all, there's more.  The pure harsh cruelity of man against man is hard to imagine, be it from  strangers, friends, family, authority, wherever it comes from. The  carelessness of suffering, friends &amp; family, and the casual attitude of  the situation is stunning, absolutely stunning. Never can the high school  student in me actually understand this book.<br />The Japanse culture is  wonderfully represented in the suffering they bore after the bomb. I  received a great lesson in the people of Japan and the way they look at  life and death. Having missed the war, I can't feel the hate for them that  some may, but to have lived through what they did, I feel now only sadness  and sympathy. God must have a special place for all these survivors.<br />This  book is an emotional ride that I was surprised by. 2 nights, and it was  over, but what a 2 nights. Mr. Hersey will bore into your guts and give  your real emotion. You will be appalled by the pain, calousness,  matter-of-factness, media hype, and even greed. I was stunned by the last  of these. The book takes no position of right or wrong, just relates the  story in a cold fashion that gets your attention. No drama, no excitement,  just the story, the facts.<br />Prepare yourself, then read this book. The  emotional roller coster awaits. Thank you Mr. Hersey.
B000001EHS|5.0|This CD rocks hard.  Take one look at the playlist of this CD and you will understand the title.  A virtual VAULT of hits that we all know and love.  Any fan of classic rock will love this album.  This is one of my top 10  favorite albums of all time.  This album is awesome, just sit back, crank  up the volume, and crack open a cold one.  You can listen to this CD the  whole way through and know every song!  This is a perfect example of how  great a Greatest Hits CD really is.  Pop this one and your CD player and  &quot;GET ROCKED!&quot;.
B000002J09|5.0|This album is an amazing bounce back from Led Zeppelin's lack of success with III.  Jimmy Page produces an awesome mix of sound and rhythm on the guitar.  Theres an awesome mix of accoustic and electric.  This is the  album is exploding with all time classic tracks.  The spiritual and  mystical ballad known as &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;, the signature hard  rocking and head thumping sounds of Black Dog and Rock n' Roll, and Going  to California.  Getting all of these classic tracks &quot;ain't as hard as  it seems&quot;.  Just buy Zoso, (or IV) the erie and haunting masterpiece  by Led Zeppelin.  Another immortalizing recording by the Gods of Rock and  Roll.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|This is one title that proves that you can see a film and enjoy it time and time again. Disney went all out to entertain us with this excellent fairy tale. You wont be let down by this one. Please Disney, Release this  title on DVD as soon as possible.  PLEASE&lt;PLEASE&lt;PLEASE&lt;PLEASE&gt;:PLEASE&gt;PLEASE. I hope you get  the message. To all you other fans, Write to disney to ask them to release  this one.
B000002B5L|5.0|I don't know about everyone else, but when I throw on this album the beats automatically make me bounce.  The mix of rap, raggae, r&amp;b, and Lauryn  Hill's sweet vocals just paralyzes you.  The slow, methodical rhythm of the  record just captures your mind.  From the grooves of &quot;Ready or  Not&quot; to the fast-paced hip-hop of &quot;Fu-Gee La&quot; to the raggae  remake of Marley's &quot;No Woman, No Cry&quot; to the most famous  &quot;Killing Me Softly&quot; ballad, the CD doesn't grow dull or allow you  to drift away.  Unlike most groups, the Fugees mix up their styles and  sounds in order to keep you rapt and attentive.  This album is great.
B000000OUJ|5.0|This album is one of the best rap albums ever.  GZA weaves a tale and this makes the whole record coherent with a unique flow that only RZA can produce.  Not only that, but the shaolin inserts are even interesting and  intriguing, which is something few MCs understand how to do...
B00004SCX6|5.0|This album is so good. All the songs are so clear and catchy. I thought &quot;Baby One More Time...&quot; was good but this cd is a 1000 tmes better. This cd has every thing from fast dance songs like  &quot;Oops..&quot; to wonderful slow songs like &quot; When Your Eyes Say  It&quot;. Plus songs like &quot;Stronger&quot; &quot;Lucky&quot; and  &quot;Don't Go Knockin On My Door&quot; make this my favorite cd.
1573226521|5.0|First off, The Beach should not be confused with that junk movie with DiCaprio in it.  Please don't let that dissuade from this excellent novel.  If ever the truism &quot;The book is better than the movie, this is  it&quot;<br />Second, the Beach, like the movie Fight Club, is often wildly  misunderstood.  I have seen many reviews that portray this novel as a Lord  of the Flies rip-off, which misses the point entirely.  The Beach is the  exact opposite of Lord of the Flies.  Whereas in that novel the lack of  society corrupted the schoolboys, in this novel society corrupts the purity  of nature.  This is a significant thematic departure, which completely  changes the effects of the events in the novel.<br />The style of this book is  instantly classic.  As a child of the 80s I was raised on videogames, tv  and a sanitized suburban existance.  Garland writes about people from all  over the world just like I am.  Therefore the book deals with the  signifigance of sport, gameboy, isolation, etc. to breathtaking affect.  I  was completely hooked from the very first page.  <br />This not a book you put  down after the last page and forget about fifteen minutes later.  The best  thing I can say about it, is that for weeks after, you will be pondering  the questions it raises.  To me, that is the definition of a great novel.
0671034065|5.0|I have read all of Linda Howard's books and this one is the best one yet and well worth paying hard cover price.  She started the book with a laugh and the relationship between hero and heroine kept me laughing all through  the book. The suspense had me guessing who was next and who was it. She had  her &quot;trademark&quot; cop hero but who cares-the book delivered. I  definitely recommend this book as a read even if you were disappointed with  her last one. Especially if you were disappointed w/her last one.
6305165912|5.0|...with two of the best characters ever on screen.  Walter (John Goodman) and the Dude (Jeff Bridges - also know as the Duder, or El Duderino if you're not into the whole brevity thing) float through this completely  hilarious movie from one perfectly strange situation to the next.  <br />I  appreciate any movie that can mix bowling, performance art (both painted  and danced), Saddaam, and Nihilistic German Pornographic Actors, without  blinking an eye.  <br />The masterminds behind all of this fantastic  cross-pollination are the Coen Brothers (Fargo, Raising Arizona, Barton  Fink, etc.).  I feel only in their hands could something that should be  random and pompous turn out so fun and tightly constructed.  Everyone  should own this movie solely for Walter's discourses on Vietnam and how it  relates to bowling and carpets.  <br />If you are at all a fan of movies that  stray from the typical Hollywood junk, this is for you.  Have fun.
B0000029J5|5.0|I got this CD back in 1994 and it just gets better with age. Keb' Mo' is able to mix acoustic and steel guitar with soulful pop and upbeat bluesy tunes. This CD is a must-have for anyone who has ever enjoyed a song by  Robert Johnson or Taj Mahal. Keb's right up there with the masters and his  other two discs have proven that he's here to stay.
B000002UBB|5.0|Steve Miller's transition from aquarius bluesman to top 40 hitmaker reaches a highpoint.Continuing in the same vein as 1973's THE JOKER;Miller's outstanding fretwork and friendly voice are now joined by  hit parade sensibility.Songs like SPACE INTRO/FLY LIKE AN EAGLE,TAKE THE  MONEY AND RUN,DANCE DANCE DANCE,ROCK'N'ME,SERENADE,and WILD MOUNTAIN HONEY  all have appeared on &quot;best of&quot; compilations(and rightfully  so).Steve Miller also pays tribute to his roots on fresh sounding covers of  YOU SEND ME and MERCURY BLUES.Miller's band follow him confidently through  different musical styles:blues,r'n'b,space rock,hillbilly.Although I would  not include many of Steve Miller's albums in my collection(THE JOKER,BOOK  OF DREAMS,and ABRACADABRA being the others),I always put on FLY LIKE AN  EAGLE when I'm feeling down to cheer me up.A perfect slice of mid 70's top  forty.
B00003CX95|5.0|It is rare that a film can be called one of the greatest love stories, war stories, epics, and so on, and so on.  Well it is.  It's basically the best  of everything and that might just be an understatement.<br />The acting is  superb and nothing less.  Mel Gibson gives the best performance of his life  so far and one of the best performances I have seen.  In this movie, the  characters really interact with each other on an emotional level,  they  fight for the things they have passions for.<br />Some say the movie is not  historically accurate.  Well I don't know if that's true, but who really  cares?  This movie is stunningly realistic.  The battle scenes really bring  the audience in.  There is no censorship here, and there is no looking  away, they are purely shocking.  The emotions that the characters go  through are realistic and moving, I dare anyone not to be affected  emotionally.<br />This movie is also beautiful visually and aurally.  The  scenery and art direction is right-on, and takes us to a different world.  The musical score by James Horner is haunting and melodic, not to mention  one of his best.<br />This movie is exceptional, it makes you part of it.  If  you haven't seen it, you have no idea what you are missing.<br />MOST HIGHLY  RECCOMENDED!
B0000214F3|5.0|Even though &quot;Meet Joe Black&quot; did not too well in movie theaters, it is an amaxing movie. The way the actors potray emotions and thoughts without saying a word, is what make this movie so great. The chemistry  between Claire Forlani and Brad Pitt is HOT. Though at time this movie can  be a bit slow and fairy tale like, is is truly worth seeing.
B00000BKDV|5.0|In the spring of 1983 I heard a song on the radio that introduced me to a world of dueling guitars, screeching vocals and pounding rythymns. The song was &quot;Flight of Icarus&quot; and the album from which it came quickly  became one of my all-time favorites. THIS IS CLASSIC IRON MAIDEN. The album  immediately grabs onto you with the crunching &quot;Where Eagles  Dare&quot;, from there Maiden concert staples such as &quot;Die With Your  Boots On&quot; and &quot;The Trooper&quot; explode one after another. The  closing number &quot;To Tame a Land&quot; has one of the best outro's of  any Maiden song. Maiden's sound on this album took a major step forward  with the inclusion of ex-Trust drummer Nicko McBrain, after originally  drummer Clive Burr left after 1982's Number of the Beast tour. The  production is hot and the songs are alive with aggression and fire. This  album set the table for Maiden's metal dominance of the 80's that has been  recaptured again with the recent release of &quot;Brave New World&quot; Any  Maiden fan would be remiss without a copy of this classic album.
B00000J7J4|4.0|C'mon, it's Carlos Santana we're talkin' about here! The album has to be good. The only disappointing aspect is that the maestro has to ride piggyback on the likes of Rob Thomas and Dave Matthews to break into  mainstream adulation. Pity! Well, my only hope is that these neo-converts  will travel back in time and discover what me and millions other did long  before Supernatural came along, that Sanatana is a phenomenon!  Anyway,  coming back to the album... it's a fairly eclectic collection, and the  changes in tone between songs leave you stunned some times, but on the  whole, it's a good listen. The vastly hyped &quot;Smooth&quot; is catchy  enough, but my personal favourite is &quot;Put your lights on&quot; with  Everlast, a nice acoustic ditty interspersed with dark alternative power  chords. Cool! The standard Spansih/African rhythms are also pleasing to  hear,as are Carlos' biting leads, and though Santana seems to have gone  overboard by getting all kinds of hiphop/aternative artistes to contribute,  it's a decent enough package, though it's quite likely to prompt some  diehards to scream &quot;Sell-out! &quot;
0780626478|5.0|Perhaps some people didn't like this movie because of it's lack of naked people and dirty language.  I found it refreshing and wholesome and I recommend it highly.  Brandon Fraser is one of the best looking men in  Hollywood and Alicia Silverstone is a very talented, beautiful woman.   Cissy Spacek was great and I liked her out of her usual role and  Christopher Walken was perfectly casted.  I didn't find it one bit boring  and although the ending was pretty predictable, it was still a very, very  good movie.  It's nice to see a movie today that proves you don't need to  swear and show certain body parts to make a good movie.  I give it a 5+  star rating.
0790736942|3.0|It is unfortunate that, in some circles (including on the Internet!), this powerful film is referred to as if it were &quot;camp&quot; because the special effects cannot match those possible twenty years later. Then again,  right from the beginning the Exorcist suffered from being considered merely  a horror film.<br /> I would recommend that one read the book in advance,  because it has far more dimensions and character development than the film  version. Basic elements of the story are excised - for example, one would  wonder why on earth Regan was possessed, where it logically develops in the  book. Karras's struggle with faith (and science), Kinderman's human  compassion and its conflict with certain elements of his profession, silent  Karl's hidden dilemma, the unanswered question of why Regan was drawn to  the occult, and, particularly, exorcist Merrin's own intense struggles are  among the reasons for the excellence of the book, and one has only a hint  of this in the film.<br /> The anniversary edition shows us a scene (which was  cut from the final print) of the conversation Merrin and Karras have  regarding why there would be demonic possession. It is unfortunate that  this brief but vital clip was omitted.<br /> Ellen Burstyn gives a fine  performance, but the characterisation loses much of Chris MacNeil's  vulnerability and personal questioning so vital to the novel's  development.<br /> It remains an engrossing film, but I believe viewers would  not have minded an extra hour's length which could have allowed the film  version to approach the book's excellence.
0790729342|5.0|The Road Warrior is every bit as good as it's said to be, delivering relentless suspense and exhilarating thrills in all its action sequences.  Known widely as the film that launched Mel Gibson to international fame The  Road Warrior is an incredible exercise in creating a pure adrenaline  rush.<br />Set in post-apocalyptic Australia, the loner Max (Mel Gibson)  travels in his car through the outback with a dog as his companion.  He  encounters a man known as the Gyro Captain (Bruce Spence) who threatens to  kill Max.  Max, however, reverses the position and becomes the aggressor.  In a desperate attempt to save his life, the Gyro Captain tells Max about  an oil refinery not far away.  Max, with his dog and hostage, reaches the  refinery and observes.<br />It seems like a relatively stable place but the  real problem is a group of bizarre warriors led by a hockey masked muscular  man known as the Humungus.  His warriors are vicious people who will stop  at nothing to get that oil and the entire refinery.  He offers a deal to  the people inside:  Just leave everything behind and he will offer them  safe passage.  He gives them 24 hours to decide.  Max, though, offers the  people another deal.  Let him bring a rig big enough to haul the tank of  gas and in return give him as much gasoline he can carry.  They accept the  deal and from here Max must bring the rig back and defend the fuel against  Humungus and his warriors.<br />It's not often you find films this exciting.   The Road Warrior features not one, but two of the best car chases in film  history (the other three go to Raiders of the Lost Ark, Ronin, and The  French Connection).  The first major chase in the film involves Max  attempting to bring the rig into the refinery while Humungus and his men  try to stop him.  The last fifteen minutes features one of the all-time  ultimate action sequences:  a near fifteen minute long chase with the  entire gang after Max and the gasoline.  It's an all-out battle for  survival.<br />Add to all this with a superb performance from Mel Gibson and  an adequate supporting cast along with fine direction from George Miller  and you have an action masterpiece.
B000001AJG|5.0|Compact discs were not around when this album was released in late 1979.   I remember taking the plastic wrap off of the double-LP and, much to my amazement and delight, inhaling the fragrance of roses!  The record company  (probably at Stevie's insistence) had perfumed the inner sleeves of the  album.  The album blew me away before I had even started to listen!  I  remember that the Rolling Stone review at the time suggested that it might  be the greatest album ever.  This music is still ahead of its time due to  its beauty and sensitivity to all living things.  This is my favorite album  of all time and I recommend that it be listened to as a whole in one  sitting, preferably in the most beautiful, natural place one can  find.<br />Stevie made the extra effort to record this album digitally, at a  time when the audio hardware didn't exist to take advantage digital  recordings.  This album is an outpouring of pure love from Stevie to his  fans, from the perfume to the music.
B0000399WI|5.0|I know I am not alone when I say this, but after seeing this movie probably 20 times or so, the ending still makes me feel like no movie ever has.  I never get tired of the sequence leading up to the beach.  The  ending was perfect, and I think the director purposely set it up so that  all of us are dying to go down to the beach and hug Andy and Red.
B000002572|5.0|Tom Scholz's proved to the world you don't need a studio to make a Classic album. Were still talking about this record after 25years.I've never heard music like this in my life.The over dubbed guitar's sound like thousand of  musician's playing the same cords.&quot;More than a Feeling&quot; is still  played everyday on the radio.I love Brad Delp's voice,and he sings harmony  with his own vocals.His range is unreal.The Masterpiece is  &quot;Foreplay/Long Time.&quot; It's fantastic how &quot;Foreplay&quot;  leads into &quot;Long Time.&quot; Even if Boston never made another  record,they would be remembered forever after this Beutifull,different  sounding Classic.
0767802470|5.0|I was absolutely engrossed in this movie, from the opening of the movie when written dialogue tells you that 30,000 out of the 40,000 German u boat young sailors died during World War 2.<br />I was amazed at how realistic the  movie was.  The sound and the realism of the u boat was amazing!  I felt  like I was right their in the boat.  At times I was even starting to feel  claustrophobic!  <br />The characters of the movie were very likable.  I could  really emphasize with their fear, intense panic, restlessnes, desperation  and hope for survival.  I cannot imagine living with the fear of being  attacked and dieing 24 hours a day, the way they had to.<br />This film really  showed me how senseless and crazy war is.  It was very clear that the  Germans in this ship killed only because they had to.  They were certainly  not ruthless, mechanical killers.  They were human beings, with wives and  girlfriends.  It was not their fault that they were fighting for the wrong  side.  They were only obeying orders.  <br />About half way through the movie  they were given orders to go on what amounted to a 'suicide mission'.  The  sailors knew this too, but they had no choice.  I cannot begin to imagine  how it would feel to be sent on a mission that was probably going to kill  you.<br />There is a real surprise ending to this movie.<br />I watched the  'Directors Cut' version, dubbed in English and I highly reccomend that you  see it.  I plan on renting the sub titled German version in the near  future.
0375501851|5.0|Impossible to top the review of Gary Jakaitas who explains the novel very succinctly...I was entranced by Zadie Smith's writing from the first page.  She is so absolutely in control of the third person omniscient narrator,  her voice so sure and full of gentle irony, she took my breath away!  Her  grasp of history and science and human nature reminded me of the great  Robertson Davies, but even R.D., who exhibits his stunning intellect on  every page, didn't write with the humor of Zadie Smith.  And I doubt that  he wrote anywhere near as well at 24 as he did at 42...or 82!  May Zadie  live a long, productive life and although it's hard to imagine her  improving, she undoubtedly will.  I await her next book with impatience.
0440133688|2.0|but it has a real ring of the ugly truth, heartbreaking and hysterically funny as it is. I read this book when my boyfriend (now husband) was in medical school and he swore that it is all true (with the exeception of the  sex...so either 1) times have changed; 2) the author exaggerated; 3) he's  protecting me).  I would recommend this to anyone with a loved one in the  medical profession--just to see where some of the frustration and cynicism  comes from.
B00003CXDV|4.0|There is not much to say about Galaxy Quest.  All you really need to know is that it is a FUNNY FUNNY movie.  It is a spoof of the whole Star Trek mythology and it works.<br />So I will keep this review short and sweet.  If  you want to watch a funny movie get Galaxy Quest!
B00003CX95|5.0|Fantastic film.  Its got something for everyone.  Battle scenes rose the standards as to what is now expected from a movie of similar sorts.  It  could have been a little less saturated with the love story braided through  it, but other than that it was increadible.  I would recommend this movie  to anyone, especially if they have seen and enjoyed the recent movie  &quot;Gladiator&quot;.  Mel Gibson is the man, and I only wish he chooses  to direct another.
B000005ITX|1.0|I read all of these glowing reviews, and I know one old &quot;Love&quot; song which I really like (&quot;7&amp;7 Is&quot;, which is NOT on this album). In addition, I have heard and enjoyed Arthur Lee's &quot;Vindicator&quot; album...So, with great expectations, I ordered &quot;Forever Changes&quot;....sigh, it's dated, really dated. I don't think I would have liked it much if I had bought it at its original release date. <br />Now, old isn't bad just because it's old and God knows new isn't good just because it's new.  And, hey, I think &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; is over-rated, too, so maybe I just don't &quot;get it&quot;.  But let's not overlook the flaws because of sentimentality for the 60's.  Great guitar work? What, are you kidding me? Great production?  Self-indulgent over-production, in my view.  Self-absorbed and pretentious?  Yep, now that reminds me of the 60's (and Pet Sounds, for that matter).  Look, I don't claim to know about Neil Young's involvement or the significance of the artwork on the original cover.  Here's what I know:  The songs are boring, the performances are boring, the production's bloated...I couldn't wait for the album to end...sorry to all who worship at the altar of this album...count me out!
B00003CWNR|2.0|The Cider House Rules is definitely NOT one of the best films of the year. Yes, it did have fine performances from all of its stars, the adaptation  was good, and the score was pleasant, but the film became far too long at  parts and I lost interest very early on in the film. I also think that the  subject matter was a little too controversial and is sure to upset many  viewers - myself included. I did not let the 'abortion' matter get in the  way of my opinions, however, but the film did not satisfy my hunger for a  good film anyhow. I was ultimately disappointed by this film and The Sixth  Sense. The latter was cheesily acted beyond belief and the performances by  all except Toni Collete were unbelievable. <br />The 10 best films of 1999 go  in this order. 1) Magnolia  2) American Beauty  3) Boys Don't Cry  4) Being  John Malkovich  5) Election  6) The Straight Story  7) Fight Club  8) The  Matrix  9) The Insider  10) Go OR eXistenZ OR Topsy-Turvy (I can't  decide).<br />Grade: C-
B000003TAL|5.0|Not many bands out there do more with guitars than Sonic Youth.  This is one of the best ALBUMS I have ever heard.  By this I mean it is truly an album and not a collection of singles or a few hits intertwined with  experimentation and filler.  Sure, &quot;Teenage Riot&quot; stands on its  own, but to me it sounds much better when followed by the frenetic  &quot;Silver Rocket&quot;.  The brilliance of this album is in its hooks.   Most albums have hooks in the form of catcy songs.  This album has hooks  buried within layers of guitar work.  A catchy chorus is followed by  inappropriate guitar riffs, which are my favorite kind.  Few bands can  wander as far as Sonic Youth and still keep the listener entralled with  what they might hear next.  I recommend this as one of the best  &quot;underground&quot; albums ever conceived.  Certainly a highlight of  this super-influential band's distinguished career.
B000003Z12|5.0|It is so hard to express with words the beauty in this CD. Notice how all the reviews are so short!<br />&quot;Beyond The Thunder&quot; is Neal's best piece of work by far. It truly deserves 10 stars! &quot;If you don't like  this, you'd better check your pulse!&quot;(a quote by av on one of her  favorite CD's.)<br />Neal expresses with his guitar the innermost thoughts and  feelings of my heart: faith, hope, beauty, friendship, laughter, chemistry,  longing, romance, passion and love. This music becomes a fantasy to me of  my wonderful husband taking my hand and walking me along a private beach  with high breakers at dusk; watching the sunset together, smiling,  laughing, talking and feeling the deepest love and connection with each  other imaginable.<br />Favorites are close to impossible to pick because this  is likened to a romance novel; each chapter is important in building the  story. You just have to buy this and hear it for yourself and you'll know  what I mean. (I'll take a shot at it and say my top 6 favorites are  &quot;Bandelero&quot;, &quot;Zanzibar&quot;, &quot;Carribean Blue&quot;,  &quot;Someone's Watching Over Me/Iguassa Falls&quot;, &quot;Deep  Forest&quot; and &quot;Call Of The Wild.&quot; (I couldn't tell you the  exact order by song after a million listenings!)<br />I wish the entire world  had a copy! Played regularly, there is a good chance the world would be  filled with happier, more compassionate people! I whole-heartedly recommend  you buy this! It is life-changing music!<br />Thank you Neal!
0823003035|5.0|For some time now I have been looking for books that will help me develop my drawing skills. I've got to say that this book impressed me a lot. Not only are the drawings beautiful (and worth the money by itself), but the  way the author teaches is both inspiring and pratical. Sick of those art  books that say a lot of nice things about art but dont teach you anything?  Or those books that don't teach you enough? This is the one you want then!
B00003CX8J|5.0|if you like the x men comics and love the cartoon, you will love the movie, great story, great cast, and gread effects, This movie will keep you glued to your seat, This is a great movie
B00000JCB2|5.0|If you're looking for a fresh, new, and unique album this it the one for you.  Limp Bizkit has the talent to make an album that can please most everybody.  Heck, my MOM doesn't even different mind a song or two.  Which  isn't a bad thing.  But there's also the hard rock that has good beat to it  and never slows down.  And, last but not least, you've got the rap-rock  aspect which, unlike some people, think they do very well.  This is a great  blend of music by an excellent band.  So again, if you're looking for  diverse music, this is the album for you.
B0000028PL|5.0|Everything Said And Played on this most powerful and hard-grooving album of all times is underlined with wit &amp; skill( I said Im with Will And That trippin Bassking From Sugarhill,Vernon with his axe on the kill&amp;  Corey sealing the thickest of thrills.)
0156711427|1.0|E.M. Forster paints an exquisite picture of India during the era of British Imperialism.  His language is beautiful with many stylized passages that create vivid mental pictures.  The pages are full of rich and detailed  images that I have found unparalleled in many cases.<br />But I do not  understand how this book can be praised as much as it is.  Beautiful prose  is like movie cinematography.  Great cinematography can make a good film  greater, but if the movie is bad to begin with, the cinematography, no  matter how excellent, cannot help the picture.  Forster seems intent on  portraying the conflict between the English culture and the Indian culture,  and while he does an excellent job, this is all he does for 362 pages.  The  brief extent of the plot is approxamately one-third of that and hardly  interesting.<br />The plot, to summarize, constitutes the assult of an English  woman in the Marabar Caves by an Indian.  The Indian is arrested and put on  trial.  The trial ends with the English woman saying that she was  hallucinating and the Indian is acquited.  The briefness of this whole  incident appeared to me as if Forster was scared of delving into a trial  and wanted a quick escape.<br />The most disappointing part about this is all  the preparations for the trial.  The English collect all these pieces of  evidence to use against the Indian, but nothing is ever used.  I, for one,  was hoping for a nice trial, where we could have a little interesting  action.  Nothing on the scale of Grisham, I don't expect Forster to have a  law degree, but let's actually PROVE this man's innocense instead of just  saying &quot;he didn't do it&quot;.<br />I can understand how some level of  praise can be given to this novel.  Forster does have good prose.  And  after having multiple years experience with English teachers and  professors, I know that they enjoy figurative language and it's  applications in a novel.  I enjoy it myself, too, but not to the same  extent.  A story with a good plot is much more valuable to me than a story  that is packed with figurative language and colorful prose.<br />I could not,  under good consciousness, recommend this book.  Despite the prose, this  novel is a tiresome read and focuses almost all of it's time on the clash  between the British and the Indian cultures, and while that does provide  for some well-rounded uses of irony in a novel (some of the best I have  seen) the whole premise gets boring and overused after the fourth chapter.   Forster could have been more successful with this novel had he expanded  more on the trial and used the culture difficulties to enhance that,  instead of the reverse.
068818071X|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Rachel's Holiday by Marian Keyes.  First of all, the depth of information it gave about addiction was astounding -- Ms. Keyes really seems to have done her research.  I don't see how anyone could  become an addict after reading this book!<br />What I especially found  interesting was the dichotomy of Rachel's viewpoints -- she thought one way  while she was still abusing drugs (and when she first started at the  treatment center), and a completely different way when she began to  recover.  There were people she considered &quot;stingy&quot; or &quot;no  fun&quot; while she was abusing drugs; she later realized they were only  trying to help her.  On the other side of the coin, there were people she  used to think were almost godlike, and she finally realized that these   people were human just like her -- and not really as great as she  originally made them out to be.<br />Above all, though, I found this book  entertaining.  Marian Keyes has a wonderfully wicked sense of humor that I  can truly appreciate.  I'm starting to figure out that I really like books  told in the first person; this book and Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married  (which I read first) both drew me in with their cozy girl-talk style.  I  know this is a major cliche, but I really did not want to put this book  down -- I felt so involved in everything that was happening to  Rachel.<br />The only problem I found with the book is that I thought the  ending was a little too convenient and a tad too predictable.  Anyone who  read it kind of knew how it would end about a quarter of the way through  the book.  That in itself was not necessarily so bad; to me, a lot of the  enjoyment in a book is watching the journey from point A to point B, even  if you already know what point B is.  (This is a key philosophy to keep in  mind when reading romance novels.)  However, it seems to me Rachel should  have had to work a little harder for that outcome than she actually  did.<br />All in all, though, it was a very pleasant, worthwhile read, and I'm  looking forward to reading more of Ms. Keyes' books.
079073382X|5.0|The only reason I went to see this movie in the theatre was because I was already a fan of Richard Linklaters first two movies: Slacker and Dazed and Confused.  Anyway, I was truly overwhelmed by this movie.  I thought it was  the most realistic and beautiful romantic movie that I've ever seen and I  still think so to this day.  Any person who either loves to travel or has  ever met a special person while on a vacation (and never saw that person  again) will truly appreciate this movie.  The ending scene where Celine and  Jesse's steps are traced is unbelievably moving.  I put this movie up there  with the book &quot;The Little Prince&quot; as two of the most touching  stories ever told.
0782008364|4.0|My boyfriend and I rented Bound mostly because he absolutely LOVES the Wachowski Bros work. He's studying film and so he loved the movie for all the incredible techniques Andy and Larry used throughout the movie, and  while I can appreciate those too, I liked it for the chick action (it had a  great plot too- don't get me wrong). We watched the movies 4 times in 2  days! Needless to say we absolutely adore the movie. We've picked up some  great one liner's from the movie that continue to keep us laughing! I think  everyone should give this flick a chance! If you like a good plot, and a  little bit of flesh (you know that any guy would love to see this- what guy  would pass up seeing 2 chicks go at it? ) go rent bound and see for  yourself. I guaruntee you'll like it!  Enjoy!
0880794968|3.0|I like this deck's colours, which are generally more attractive than those of the regular Rider-Waite deck, but the changed details are too much for me.<br />Examples -<br />The sun card : the flag is shown as having one side  orange as in the original deck and one side red as the book says the whole  flag should be, the sun is missing a ray, and the sun's face are painted to  look softer and feminine.<br />The High Priestess : the garments are coloured  differently (the inner white, the outer blue, and the head cover white),  which is nice but the effect of the garments turning to water is  lost.<br />The Lovers card : the leafs on the tree behind the man are mostly  yellow, and dont look much like flames like they should - it's an important  connection between the Devil card and the Lovers card.<br />And the list  continues, e.g. it looks like the sun rises behind the emperor and the  magician has a white hallo.<br />In my opinion, the details are very important  and those changes modify the cards' meanings, and being used to the  original details I feel uncomfortable using the deck.<br />The colouring's  advantage is to make the cards warmer and more attractive, which are pluses  for new readers who are a bit afraid of the original harsher colouring.
B00004U3UG|3.0|Please rent this DVD to decide whether you really want to buy it or not.   The extras (commentary, deleted scenes) are wonderful, but it's pretty  obvious that some of the scenes in this version of the movie (the  &quot;director's cut,&quot; for what it's worth) were taken from rough  footage.  The quality of the video gets so low that it looks like a VCD.  I  was slightly shocked that a new, shiny, special version of Army of Darkness  would have problems like this, but I guess that's why they call it a  Director's Cut.  I'm going to keep it, but only for the commentary and  extras.  I'll have to buy the plain-jane version if I want to watch the  movie.
0899663036|5.0|This book is quite easily the best book ever. It wonderfully descibses how life was, and sometimes is, in New York. It is sad at some parts, happy in some, and funny in others.
B00003W8NM|1.0|Major Hollywood Studios have to make money.  Thats not bad.  Thats why they pay megamillions to startlets;  because they know they magnet attraction to young audiences,  that have money,  and can go twice(?) to  see a movie.  Thats why Bradd Pitt is here:  to get that audience.<br />But  wheres the film?  Whats the morale? Get punched,  humiliated, try to do  the same and then feel better?<br />Or: Lets dont care anymore,  just bribe  our bosses,  get some easy money and travel thru the world creating clubs  where human beings are denigrated  constantly.<br />This is a dangerous  vehicle.  If you are bored with your life,  go and hit another one:   he  will like it.<br />Parabole of modern life?  Grasping excitement?  Cmon, get  real!
B00004T9UF|4.0|One of the best rappers out today.  He is not traditional rap and takes it in a new way.  Perverted, hatred and filled with alot of adolescent ways of thinking, but that is okay.  That is the flow of his rhymes.  I agree with  alot of what he has to say about it being the parents fault (to an extent)  for not raising their children right.  He is in a realm all his own when it  comes to rap, one that has never been before.  Not gangster, but dark and  humorous, talking his mind.  <br />However, this cd contracts from his first  CD.  It is more concentrated hate and less of the humor that I like.  In  this CD he is too worried about his own hates and worries.  It has it  pluses though.  He is his own brand.  Just like Kid Rock who has his own  blend of rock and rap.  Eminem's blend is new, fresh and if you can get  past the dark nature he is, then you will enjoy this CD as I did.  However,  it is not like his first CD and in some ways was not as good.
B00000BKE1|2.0|The most powerful pipes in metal take a coffee break on this album. Its hard to believe, in the midst of &quot;From Here To Eternity&quot; this is the same guy singing who brought us &quot;Run To The Hills&quot;. Another  neo-prog Steve Harris dominated affair, the production is flat, with  distant Bruce and poor Nicko suffering the most. There are some pretty  decent tracks on here - &quot;Be Quick Or Be Dead&quot; and Bruce perks up  a little on the silly &quot;Weekend Warrior&quot;. There's also a lot more  interesting prog-like song structure with &quot;Afraid to Shoot  Strangers&quot; and &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot;.  Such musical adventure  would be much appreciated on an album with good songs. At least  _No_Prayer_For_The_Dying_, insipid as it was, still had a really loose  sense of fun about it. This is the insufferably dreary, misanthropic  second-cousin to _7th_Son_of_a_7th_Son, although I can't help but think it  would have been helped by Steve Harris not hanging around behind the  console. 2-1/2 stars
B000002U8G|5.0|Meddle, from the openening pounding of One Of These Days to the Falsetto choir of Echoes, it provides the perfect soundtrack to surrealism. Have you ever been in that state where your almost asleep but still a bit awake.  That's the best description of this album. The music is so layered that at  times the Four man Floyd sound like a 100 piece orchestra, souring up and  down musical peaks and troughs.<br /><br />David Gilmour said that Meddle was when  it all started to come together. In a sense he was right. It started to  bring them out of avante garde compositions. Meddle, is and essential piece  in the Floyd cannon, surpassed only by Dark Side oF The Moon.<br /><br />One of  These Days opens a pulse pounding rythmic barrage of bass, organ, guitar,  and drums. Mason's pounding drums particulary stand out proving his  underrated talent. It is also one of his few vocals on a Pink Floyd  record.<br /><br />Pillow Of Winds is a gentle dreamlike song mixing great accoustic  guitar from Gilmour, along with good lyrics from Waters.<br /><br />Fearless, is the  albums rocker, with a catchy opening riff and great vocals from  Wright/Gilmour.<br /><br />San Tropez is one of Floyd's most versital songs. The  Hawaiian guitar by Gilmour is superb and Waters vocals are light and  Dreamy. Also present is Wright's jazzy piano.<br /><br />Seamus is a standard  accoustic blues number with delicate vocals by Gilmour and then blues by  Wright.<br /><br />Echoes is the albums finale. At 23 minutes, it is one of Floyds  greatest achievements. The music is dense, almost orchestral, and the  lyrics are both depressing and surreal. Gilmour and Wright share lyric duty  while the band themselves show each of their talents respectivly. The  climax of the song is truly awesome and Gilmours guitar solo is second to  none. Possibly Floyds greatest song.<br /><br />Once again another superb entry for  the band that defines emotion, lyrically, and musically.
B00004SVGE|5.0|The best of her kind..the kind US GUYS can go nuts for and her CD in DTS...well, you won't want to listen to her any other way! She's like right there in the room! Her sexy style, smokey voice, choice of songs and her  combo..the best there is today!
B000003TA4|4.0|This (in my opinion) is Nirvana's best. And everybody should own it(most people already do).
0790743523|5.0|This is one of the greatest stories ever to come out of Hollywood. I never get tired of watching this masterpiece. The 3 central characters are thrown together by fate and each has their own strengths and weaknesses. We see  them suffer through good times and bad and how each responds in their own  unique way. A tremendous study of the human psyche. They don't make movies  like this anymore because how can you even come close to this fine effort!  Today's jaded audience may not even have the patience to sit through this  film because there is no mind blowing special effects, cussing, sex, or  graphic violence. This is a gem from the classic era when films centered  around powerful acting performances playing out a great story line that  made an audience think and follow along. I can't praise this movie highly  enough, see it at any cost.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Firstly - if you are a Trekker and you haven't seen it get it, don't hire it get because you'll be watching this one over and over. As a long standing Trekker (no conferences but every ep. of every show on tape) there  are lots of gags and humor that will hit home and not offend.<BR> Secondly  - if you're not a Trekker but you are a Tim Allen fan then get it.  Not  only is the humor classic and timeless you'll be actually impressed with  Tim consistent character and the quality of the actual storyline.  Yes it  has a storyline - and for a parody of many different Sci-Fi series the  story line is internally consistent and actually pretty good.<BR> As for  the rest of the cast Sigourney Weaver gets to play a completely different  SciFi role as a blonde &quot;something&quot; I'm not exactly sure what her  role was but she was great in it. Alan Rickman does a great wounded  (mentally) actor in his twilight, Daryl Mitchell (ex. Veronica's Closet)  get to show he can do something else and host of other people get to be  some very funny aliens.<BR> By the way, you will need to watch it at least  twice so that you can get all the lines you missed the first time around.
0767903854|3.0|From the first moment I read Bryson's pre-published first bit of &quot;A  Walk in the Woods&quot; in the fall of 96 I have been a proponent of his  work... (Bill, you owe the royalties of several copies to my efforts..) But  honestly, &quot;In a Sunburned Country&quot; is superficial, and appears to  be written in the face of a looming deadline. <br />While I am the first to  admit that most Americans probably don't know that there is both an Austria  and Australia, I felt like this book might have been (better) written with  the help of a Discovery Channel documenatary, rather than your several  trips there.<br />I am an avid hiker, and am certainly familiar with some of  the basic facts regarding the Appalachian Trail. Nevertheless &quot;A Walk  in the Woods&quot; was both informative and inspiring. &quot;In a Sunburned  Country&quot; however, does nothing to inspire me to visit  Australia,...even though it is a place I have always dreamed about  seeing... You do a good job of back seat commentary, your sarcasm is  Twain-like, but you moralize better against the backdrop of a a goofy  side-kick like Katz. Oh, and what is with all the foul language now? i cuss  like a sailor and am anything but offended, but take a lesson from Adam  Sandler, Sometimes less is more..
B00003Q43A|5.0|The special edition if ID4 has both the original theatrical version and the 9 minute longer Special Edition which skews the story quite a bit.  The original lacked details of some of the key characters lives and backgrounds  and those extra 9 minutes certainly add a lot of it back in.<BR> Thankfully  when assembling the Special Edition they didn't put all of the deleted  scenes back in and they used the best ending (IMHO) while letting you still  acess all of the left out scenes through the extra's menu.<BR> Bill Pulman,  Jeff Goldblum and Will Smith still make a great combination of talents in  what has to be one of the SFX extravaganzas of the decade.<BR> Of course  you weren't getting this for the storyline!
0671891634|1.0|The problem with this book is that it does not provide a selling strategy for Bear markets.  Fortunately, I got completely out of the stock market and into money market funds shortly after Labor Day of 2000.  Although Peter Lynch is an intelligent man, his \\"Fidelity Magellan Fund\\" had the advantage of being in a very strong bull market during the 1980's.
B000000OE7|5.0|In November of 1991, Freddie Mercury announced he had AIDS. Less than 2 days later, he died. I remember the utter feeling of loss upon hearing this news. I had been a Queen fan since the mid-70's and the group was  instrumental in my discovery of my own musical ability. For days I listened  to Queen, from the earliest albums to Innuendo. I lamented the fact that  there would be no more music from this group. The months and years rolled  by. The Freddie tribute at Wembly Stadium was a wonderful tribute by those  who admired or were inspired by Queen. Then in 1995, I walked into a local  record store and sitting in the new releases bin was Made in Heaven. At  first, I thought it was another Greatest Hits album but looking at the back  cover I saw it was new material. Needless to say, I bought it and sat with  my headphones. This album brought a sense of closure for me. It gave a last  shining moment tinged with sadness as much of the album represented the  final months of Freddie's life. His performance is inspirational. In  Innuendo and Made in Heaven, both albums work together to paint a great  talent in the last acts of his life. The anger, bitterness and eventual  acceptance of his ending bring a fitting finale for Queen. As a group, they  will be missed. For Freddie, I hope he has found peace in the world beyond.
B00004SCX6|1.0|She can dance, she can wear sexy clothes, and she can smile real big, but lets face it, this girl can not sing to save her life.  The whole sacredness of the art of music has been lost.  The songs on this CD have  absolutely  no depth to them and have no variety in the style.  It is an  insult to the pop culture and to the music world in general.  I beg of you!   Do not waste your money!
B00004SCX6|1.0|OK this girl can dance. But she can't sing but sometimes when she dances she looks like a broken robot. Thats the way it is. Im tired of her whining sometimes she shouldn't dress like she does because she has little fans out  there. Ok about this CD its not so good her froggy voice is covered up by  all the background music and this CD is like a continuence of her first  which isn't good.
0393314804|5.0|Irvine Welsh's blistering debut novel hit the literary world like a meteorite on first publication,  spawning a deluge of pale imitators seeking to reveal the seedy underbelly of society to a readership  fascinated by the junkies, hooligans and losers that Trainspotting had  brought to life so vividly.  Welsh's book is the genuine article though, a  fragmented collage of tales based around the lives of Renton, the  anti-hero, cod philosopher and sometime heroin addict, Sick Boy, the Don  Juan with a heart of stone, Spud, the gormless, animal loving humanitarian  (and the only genuinely sympathetic charcter in the book), and Begbie, the  psychotic thug whose twisted logic all bow down to through motives of self  preservation.  <br />Those who have seen Danny Boyle's excellent film  adaptation will know that Trainspotting's plot (in the loosest sense of the  word) concerns the highs and lows, the thrills and despair of living on the  Edinburgh schemes during the 80s, and Renton's attempts to escape the life  he has built for himself.  The film omits large chunks of the book out of  the necessity to boil down the plot for the shorter attention span of  cinema-goers, but the essence of the book is still captured admirably.  The  moral neutrality of Trainspotting is a huge positive for me.  There is no  sermonising here:  Welsh makes no bones about the fact that using heroin is  seductively pleasurable, but equally he paints a grim picture of the  downside - Renton's attempts to give up the skag are particularly stomach  churning.  However, the book is exuberant in its appetite for life, and  those living on the edge of it.  The anti-right wing politics are present  but not especially overt, and accountability is never shifted from the  shoulders of the individual. The novel's shifting narrative, together with  Welsh's decision to write in the Edinburgh dialect, is initially  disorienting, but ultimately reveals events from several different  perspectives - illuminatingmore than would otherwise have been possible.   The language is visceral and pulsing with life - not for the faint hearted  (you may well find yourself reading in a Scottish accent in your head!).   Some of the episodes, such as the toilet scene and the bedclothes scene are  brutally, disgustingly hilarious: Welsh shows no regard for the finer  sensibilities of his readers and occasionally I found myself squirming in  my seat!<br />A certain amount of moral outrage has dogged Trainspotting since  it's birth, but this has not prevented the novel from building a formidable  reputation as an acute, funny, disturbing and painfully honest novel that  is not afraid to confront its subject matter unflinchingly.  It is one of  my favourite books.  If you can take it, it may well become one of yours.
0553108034|4.0|I've read 'em all: Anthony, Eddings, Tolkien, Modesitt, and many others, but no book has had me on pins and needles like &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;. Quite simply, the best first installment on a series that I  have ever read (repeatedly). The bar was raised so high for me that the  second book couldnt possibly live up to the first, could it? When I coughed  up the bucks for the hardback, I was not disappointed. The drama continued  to build, the plot thickened and my love for this series grew. Martin is  it, the real deal right now. He threw away the blueprint for epic fantasy  series' and has obliterated the competition, whom I am sure is awaiting the  third book just like the rest of us. I wish he could have just written a  30,000 page book, because I hate waiting for the next book. The harbor  battle was one of the greatest ever, I wish it could have gone on forever.  Six years is a long time to wait for this series to finish but Martin has  gained a fan for life here. Question: Does Tyrion's behavior constitute a  &quot;bad guy&quot;? I actually think he is emerging as one of the more  noble figures in the book and would love it if he stuck a knife in his  fathers back ( or sister or brother for that matter). Support this Author.
B0000027RL|5.0|If you like Grunge, or just like Pearl jam...get this CD.  Every song is a hit.  Only song that was kind of weak was Oceans.  Other than that,  great all around CD.  This is thier first CD and one of their best.  I enjoy it  very much.
B0000029GA|5.0|Well, my review is based on the facts of knowing where Nas is coming from. Everything that he talks about in his songs are very familar to me. We are from the same projects and went to school together. We saw the same things  and lived the life of hell there. It wasn't easy growing up in Queensbridge  Projects. I lived on the 41 side of Vernon and he lived on 12th street. I  just wish him the best of luck and keep representing.
0783242808|4.0|A surprisingly fresh take on Hollywood's most mercilessly pummeled dead horse--the I Hate Being A Virgin Teen Comedy. I'm sure the director has studied all of John Hughes' 1980s output...there's even a main character  who I could swear is consciously doing a dead-on vocal impression of James  Spader! What sets this film apart from, oh, say...&quot;Porky's III&quot;,  is that the writer, director and much to thier credit, the actors, treat  their characters with respect, as opposed to the usual broad cartoonishness  found in similar-themed movies. Even over-hyped &quot;gross-out&quot;  scenes are presented totally within the context of the character's  situation; they don't come off as gratuitous at all. Winning performances  all around, it was especially gratifying to see the highly underrated  &quot;SCTV&quot; alumnus Eugene Levy being so well-utilized. Newcomer  Allyson Hannigan nearly walks away with the movie with her &quot;One time,  at band camp....&quot; monologues. A true rarity these days, a genuinely  funny comedy!
B00004U30D|3.0|The world loves this film and so did the Academy giving it eight nominations (including undeserved ones for Editing and Score) and Oscared it five times (Film, Actor- Spacey, Director, Cinematography and  Screenplay).   I can see the noms for Spacey and Bening.  I can even see a  nom for Screenplay, but there it stops.   This film was merely diverting  and interesting - it was in no way the best film of the year.  Politics at  play once again.   When it was over I was not enlightened, intrigued or  uplifted.  It was a diversion - no more, no less.   Wes Bentley impressed  as a newcomer but other than that....  it's not a great film, I predict it  will be quickly forgotten.
B000001EXR|5.0|What an album!  It's a shame that the album didn't get the promotion that it richly deserved.  It's a shame that this version of the band split shortly after the album was released; what a way to go out.  Let's go  through each song on this great record.<br />1) Hate - Without a doubt the  heaviest song in the Kiss catalog.  Great screaming vocals by Gene.  5  Stars<br />2) Rain - A good simple riff by Bruce.  Great vocals by Paul in one  of his heaviest songs.  5 Stars<br />3) Master and Slave - Great Lyrics and  awesome bass line.  5 stars<br />4) Chilhoods End - Probably the deepest song  lyrically that Gene has ever written.  The song is about his best friend  committing suicide.  The child chorus at the end of this song is a nice  touch.  One of the most moving songs I have ever heard.  5 Stars<br />5)  I  Will Be There - A nice song by Paul about his young son.  A little bit of a  let down from the first 4 songs but a good song never the less.     4  Stars<br />6)  Jungle - This is the only single released from the album which  is a shame because there are better songs on the CD.  The Lyrics are so-so  and the only thing that saves the song is Genes awesome bass line.       3  Stars<br />7)  In My Head - This is probably the weakest song on the album.  The song sounds disjointed and rushed.  The lyrics suck!  2 Stars<br />8)   Never Goes Away - A slow burner.  Kind of bluesy with great pleading vocals  from Paul.  Strong lyrically.   5 Stars<br />9)  Seduction of The Innocent -  The Best Song on the album.  This song is a blatent attack on the catholic  religion primarliy and religion in general.  &quot;You kiss hand of the man  of all seasons and you don't know why&quot; has to refer to the Pope.  Gene  isn't big on any organized religion but it seems that he really has it bad  for the Catholics.  A song that makes you think.  A classic!      5  Stars<br />10)  I Confess - Another great song by Gene blasting the Catholic  religion.  &quot;You wash your face with holy water but it keeps looking  back at me&quot; line deals with the hypocrasy of people thinking they can  sin, go to church and ask for forgiveness, then sin again.  The truth be  told!   5 Stars<br />11)  In the Mirror - A solid song by Paul.     4  Stars<br />12)  I Walk Alone - The treat of the album; a song written by Gene  sung by Bruce (first time ever).  A great song about tackling life on your  own with confidence.      5 Stars<br />And there you have it.  Kiss and in  particular Gene Simmons had things they wanted to say with this album.   Every song on this album that's written by Gene is about something other  than getting laid or partying.  This album is his showcase with the  exception of &quot;In My Head&quot;.  You get learn about the Gene Simmons  the person, not Gene Simmons the &quot;Demon&quot;.  This album is a must  have for any Kiss fan or for any hard rock fan who appreciates songs with  strong lyrics and important subject matter.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I do believe this is one of the best albums that I've ever bought. It makes me want to get up and dance around my room. The lyrics are perfect if you're ever feeling angry or stressed out. I think Fred Durst is a great  lyricist and the band is one of a kind.
B000002IFP|5.0|I agree wholeheartedly with 'Music Geek'; this is the most consistent 'Simply' CD.  I've owned this album for over 10 years now (a couple of those years I had vynil, then purchased the CD when it became available).   'It's Only Love' is perhaps one of my all-time fav tunes. I also like  'You've got it' very much, co-written with the legendary Lamont Dozier (of  Motown's The Enterprise Fame).  I also like 'Enough', co-written by Joe  Sample.  Though there other fine moments on this CD, those are my fav  tracks.  The songs are sung effortlessly, the tracks are flawlessly  recorded, and the instrumentation is exquisitely mixed.  Kudos to the  musicians and engineers; oh, and to what's his name, Mick for thick vocals.  It's truly a must have.
0140282033|5.0|Chocolat was a selection of our women's book group, and it was a great choice and a great summer read.  Harris weaves a charming story around appealing and different characters. Plenty of sweet magic and warm moments,  with a few surprises. I looked forward to picking up the book and was sorry  when the story came to an end...maybe Ms. Harris will treat us to a sequel?  She's a lovely writer. I am recommending Chocolat to everyone!
3257229534|4.0|I have read only the English translation of this book (&quot;The Reader&quot;) but I can recommend it as an excellent novel. The story takes some interesting twists and time jumps but isn't difficult to follow - it's  very well-written. If you can, try to avoid finding out anything about it  before you read it.  The language wasn't particularly difficult, but I'd  imagine you'd have to have pretty good German (or a good dictionary and a  lot of patience) to read it in its original language; it's no kids book.  A  really interesting insight into post-WWII societal guilt in Germany.
B00004U45G|5.0|How to not offend? That's tough. After looking over several reviews of this recording, I find many people comparing James Patrick Page to Jimmy Page. He spent many years (27 to be exact) to make a compilation of his  Zeppelin works. Also in comparison are Chris Robinson and Robert Plant.  Hmm...seems so small. How do you compare blues artists? Chris Robinson, in  his own right, is an outstanding blues vocalist as is Robert Plant. Jimmy  Page, as well as Willie Dixon, are both vintage guitar players. Chris  Robinson has accomplished what most people have strived for, and that is  playing with the &quot;great&quot; Jimmy Page. Stop all the teenage  whining. Chris Robinson never tried to be anything more than the Crowes  vocalist. Robert Plant is not offended and nor should you be. In a nut  shell, this is a fabulous recording. Perhaps greater than &quot;The Song  Remains the Same,&quot; in that, &quot;not to offend,&quot; Jimmy Page has  finally found a group of musicians who can make the mark.<br />Now that I have  your attention, Jimmy Page has finally found a band worthy of recording Led  Zeppelin material. And if you have not previously noted, Jimmy Page has  used over-dubbing in many of the earlier recordings...In fact, all the  recordings. Now, does it not serve him well to be able to exercise that  &quot;over-dub&quot; into a live act? The recording allows Jimmy to perform  beyond the norm.
0446677450|5.0|I guess my dad would be considered the Rich Dad from Kiyosaki's book, as he is a business entrepreneur and has done very well in the automobile businees and other areas.  He has taught me many of the lessons that are  taught in this book over the years.<br /><br />However, I still found Rich Dad,  Poor Dad extremely helpful in laying things out so simply, clearly and  easily understood.  I will graduate from the University of North Carolina  in May and had just assumed I would eventually get married, get a couple of  cars and invest in a nice home.  I will take a completely different route  with my life now, investing more in assets than liabilities such as a home.<br /><br />I shared my excitement with my dad over this book and told him what I  had learned.  He was dissapointed to think that he hadn't taught me these  things already, but I explained to him how concisely this book laid these  lessons out that he had been abstractly teaching me over the years.<br /><br />I  asked my dad how he had learned the lessons of business, seeing as how he  came from a poor working class family.  He told me he was working for a car  dealer in Charlotte, NC who allowed him to look at his financial statement.  The car dealer was letting his \\"money work for him,\\" and doing  very well with it.  He was able to play golf and work his own hours while his employees were tied to the dealership.  It was at that moment my dad  decided he was going to own a car dealership no matter what.  And he does  now.<br /><br />This was very similar to the \\"moment of elightenment\\" I  had when reading Kiyosaki's book.  I highly recommend it.
0316777722|1.0|Having enjoyed the humor of Molly Ivins, P J O'Rourke, Dan Jenkins, and Larry McMurtry.... not to mention George Carlin and Steve Wright.... I kept waiting for the laughs to begin. Imagine my surprize when the book ended  (thank God) without as much as a chuckle. Oh well..... can't win them all.  Anyone need a slightly used book..... can't pass it along to my friends  either.
B000002NBY|5.0|This album need not be categorized in the hierarchy of Paul Simon's work, either solo or with Art Garfunkel.  It stands alone as a masterful work.  ...Simon credits Johnny Clegg in the liner notes to Graceland.  Thus, there is no need ...to bash Simon on &quot;unoriginality.&quot; Simon's work is beautiful, funny, touching  and smart, and it is accompanied by some excellent musicians and singers.   This album ranks up there with Talking Heads' &quot;Remain in Light&quot;  for an original melding of African music with American sensibilities and  lyrics.  Easily one of the finest albums of the 20th century.  A full 5  stars for this amazing work!
B00000AFGM|5.0|I don't usually talk about myself in reviews, but I'm afraid I must for this one to come across at all.      I am not a depressed teen, worried parent, or raging Christian. I am instead a 27 year old graduate student  with a well-paying job in the mortgage industry. I am engaged to be married  next year to my girlfriend, who is a Biochemistry major. I myself am  seriously considering law school. I have been a fan of Marilyn Manson since  Portrait of an American Family came out.      I realize the strangeness of  that concept. I admit I do not fit the stereotype of a Manson fan. Yeah,  I'm happy, yeah, I'm 'old', yeah, I'm well off for someone my age. I admit  all that. Yeah, the only black I wear is in slacks and ties, (yeah, I'm a  yuppie with a brown briefcase.) Yet I get in my 2000 X-Terra and blast  Mechanical Animals 'til the mirrors shake. Here is why.      One reason  lies in that the Beatles said that happiness is a warm gun that Mother  Superior jumped, yet the Fab Four are still sung in campier churches.  Jefferson Airplane lamented the 'stupid christians,' and said that 'no body  needs to baptize me; everytime I laugh, I've got religion.' I know parents,  however, who still hum that tune on the same day they burn their teen's  Marilyn Manson album. The overall message in Manson albums, the message  that America is a TV-whipped nation pulling its own string for instant  senseless quotation, is backed up by the actions of its people. We do talk  without knowing what we are talking about. We want to make a difference,  but only truth can make a difference. Opinion can only hang in the air,  inevitable, necessary, but fundamentally useless.      Marilyn Manson try  for truth. The frontman himself is basically a well-televised atheist with  strong feelings and words. Look how we react when we hear something we  don't know how to answer to. Look how we hate and fear something with real  strength (proveable) and musicality (my opinion.)That something is  Mechanical Animals and every other Marilyn Manson album.Think what you  will, but make sure that your opinion was not given to you.
B000002MP2|3.0|ARRGGGGGHH! Amazon should be providing 3 1/2 stars for us so we can rate these things better. Ok the album sounds great but I can't help but feel that every song is about the same thing. Twelve year old angst aside some of these songs are well written and sometimes funny. The hidden track is  pretty fun to listen to too. Buy it and you should be a happy  clam.
B00002Z88D|1.0|I bought this record because of a *feral* advice from a friend of mine, that now I realize needs badly some rest, some clean air and healthy food. This record is a miracle. At least, I deem a prodigiuos event to compress  such a huge amount of tediousness on a so small plastic surface. A lot of  wasted energy and a pompous monument to entropy in its most menacing and  distressing notion. Buy it anyway, beacuse  those poor boys needs badly  both your money and a small sign of benevolence in order to be happy and  keep on living. That doesn't mean that you have to play it and harass you  and your friends. If yu wanna play some music on your hifi try with  something else, let's say 'Pavement' or 'Eels' or 'Nine Inch Nails' or....
B000000OUE|3.0|This is a good album but not great. Granted the lyrics are funny and the guys really know how to put on a fun show. However after ten listens I've figured I only like about half the songs on the cd. Also songs like  &quot;I,Zombie&quot; or &quot;Electric Head&quot; really would be perfect  for an LSD warped Speed Racer drag racing type show. And &quot;Real  Solution #9&quot; is maybe the best song on the cd,even better than  &quot;More Human than Human&quot; (then again it's a song more suited for  radio).
B00004RHZU|4.0|&quot;Pink&quot; was not named after her hair color. It was a family nickname from childhood. As a little girl, Pink was someone who would blush very easily- turning Pink. Production aside, this girl has something to say, and plenty of talent. Pink has a  voice, a heart, and a brain. I've met her in person, and I've seen her  perform live. She's going places.  I can state the above with veracity,  since I am related to someone who represents her business interests.
B000002GQE|5.0|This is beautiful. A blend of 60's rock and classical music no band has ever been able to reproduce. Sure The Verve had &quot;Lucky Man&quot; and &quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; but with the Moody Blues every song was  just like them and better. This album follows the course of a day starting  with morning into night but sounding like a lifetime. Some could say this  is more about the stages in our life than a day. We are babies like the  morning happy and calm then become older. And when we are on our death bed  things are sad but still in some ways beautiful.
630575067X|1.0|George Lucas had years and years to make Episode I of the Star Wars saga, and this is what we get? One thing is for sure, it's obvious he hasn't directed a movie in 22 years. In this dry-toast re-working of the Arthurian  legend, the Republic is in a Newt Gingrich type deadlock as the film opens  with a 'trade-war' that is instigated by the Trade Federation: The IRS in  outer space. The Federation is about to attack the planet Naboo which is  ruled by a child i.e. Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman). Two Jedi Knights,  Qui-Gon (Liam Neeson) and Obi-Wan (Ewan McGregor) are sent by the Republic  in an attempt to prevent the Federation from attacking the planet.   <br />Needless to say, things don't go as planned and the Jedi escape to Naboo  where they run into Jar Jar Binks, an amphibious and obnoxious Naboo  'local' who is almost indecipherable. Together they 'rescue' the Queen from  the Federation's CGI battle droids and flee the planet. They then go to  Tatooine, the soul of the Star Wars saga, and things start to get  theosophical. They discover Shmi Skywalker (Pernilla August) and her young  son Anakin (Jake Loyd). And what do you know, Anakin was born without a  father. Qui-Gon is soon convinced this young boy is 'the chosen one' (think  the Matrix, Dune, the Bible) as he finds out young Anakin is 'genetically'  endowed with the Force to a very high degree. The film then gets to its  high point: The Pod Race. A Turbocharged rip-off of Ben Hur.<br />After the  Pod Race, they leave Tatooine and head on over to the capital planet of the  Republic. Here the film gets tied down in political talk so dull and  uninteresting, you think you're watching C-SPAN. We also find out that the  Jedi council is a boring bureaucratic committee (even Yoda is boring).  <br />Problems abound with this movie. The CGI characters and backgrounds are  so overwhelming, there is almost a sence of dislocation. It makes you miss  the cheap, but organic, backdrops of the old sci-fi classics. Andthe  characters, who are they? Who is Qui-Gon? What's his past? What do Qui-Gon  and Obi-Wan talk about when they aren't narrating the films over-wrought  plot? Because there is no connection to any of the characters, it really  doesn't matter if they get killed or not. Everyone is a wooden prop. R2-D2  and C-3PO have nothing to do. Darth Maul is only a standard issue villian.  <br />The fact that The Phantom Menace is only a 'table setter' for the next  two episodes is no excuse for the lifeless approach Lucas took with this  movie. I just hope he learns from his mistakes.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Forget about the declining album sales and the condescending magazine articles. Pearl Jam was the most consistently excellent rock band of the 1990's. No Code, the band's fourth album, is its finest work to date.  Despite its lukewarm commercial success, No Code has gained widespread  critical acclaim for its fearless explorations of diverse musical styles  and genres (such as the folk tale 'Off he goes', the punk rave-up 'Habit'  and the Middle-Eastern flavoured 'Who you are.') Finally breaking free of  the arena-rock shackles which began to weigh it down on its previous  release, Vitalogy, Pearl Jam makes full use of different beats and textures  to create an album that works as a seamless whole, trading hit singles for  cohesion and flow.
B000002JPA|5.0|The first time I listened to this album, I knew I was witnessing a band making history.<br />DT combines good-to-hear melodies with virtuosism. Their music is not a bunch of good instrumentists trying to prove they are good,  but a band that can write melodic songs with high quality  instrumentation.<br />Furthermore, they dedicated a lot of time to become a  band, rather than 5 guys playing together. Their sinchronization and  inter-dependent melodies are unparalleled.
B000002LQR|5.0|The defining album from a band at the peak of its musical powers. Initially dismissed by some as being overly long with too much filler, Blood Sugar Sex Magik has endured to become the showpiece in the Red Hot  Chili Pepper catalog. It is a remarkably cohesive song cycle and even the  so-called filler songs, such as 'If you have to ask' and 'Funky Monks'  underscore the spontaneous vibe that spawned the album. In much the same  manner as Exile on Main Street and Abbey Road, B.S.S.M. works best when  played from start to finish, rather than selected songs at a time. Yet  there are still a number of standout tracks such as 'Give it away',  featuring a charged-up sex rap from Anthony Keidis and 'I could have lied',  which showcases the emotive lead lines of guitarist John  Frusciante.<br />Recorded in a mansion in the Hollywood Hills, Blood Sugar is  the sound of a band living and breathing music as one, achieving the kind  of musical telepathy that was found in the best work of bands like Pink  Floyd and The Beatles. From the count-in intro of 'The Power of Equality'  to the stunning coda of 'Sir Psycho Sexy,' Blood Sugar Sex Magik acheives a  level of aural magik and spontaneity that set the standard for the rest of  the decade. No band, the Chili's included, has matched it since.
B00004THAY|1.0|Come on, its evident on this album that these two are nowhere near their peak form, its particularly evident on their sluggish guitar playing, bland song selections and uninspired vocals.  This cd is lifeless, unoriginal,  and dull to my ears.  How anyone considers a wealthy British guy a  &quot;blues&quot; artist (with a straight face no less) obviously doesn't  know the first thing about the true spirit of the blues.  This is not the  blues, this is two wash-outs in the twilight of their career looking for a  bit of extra retirement cash.  What respect I had for BB King walked out  the door when he teamed up with Clapton on this unimpressive cd which is  not worth all the hype it seems to be getting.  &quot;Riding With the  Jokers&quot; would be a more appropriate title.  For true blues, listen to  Robert Johnson, Muddy Waters, or Elmore James, not this commercial garbage.
630349255X|5.0|This film is not only a worthy successor to Koyaanisqatsi (Fricke's 1983 installment concerning similiar material, only taking place entirely within the U.S.) but is perhaps Ron Fricke's finest film.  That's not an easy  thing for someone who thought that Koyaanisqatsi was one of the most  visually breathtaking films ever made (along with Kubrick's 2001), but  Baraka expands its territory to include the entire globe, with a  combination of images and music that inspires thoughts as to what exactly  the filmmakers had in mind, much like 2001, in invites speculation as to  the meaning of its intent. Is Baraka simply gorgeous eye-candy?  Maybe, but  I really doubt it.  I can see how it would be very easily dismissed by  people of &quot;right-wing&quot; political values as being  &quot;New-Agey&quot; and &quot;ultra-leftist&quot;, but I think that would  be missing the point as well.  Filmmaker Fricke has presented us with a  meditation on the defintion of what is to be human, in all its various  guises, and in effect showing how rich our peculiar species really is.<br />Baraka is one of best indie films of the last decade, and one of the  most significant documentaries ever made.
B000002TYX|2.0|Because it was bad!  I am a lifelong Beatles fan, but I was incredibly disappointed with this collection when it came out, and 4 1/2 years later I'm still disappointed.  Are we that hard up to hear The Beatles that we'll  dig up any garbage they ever did?  Just because these tracks are historical  doesn't mean they are necessarily good.  The only track I play from this  set is Free As A Bird, a song which brought tears to my eyes when I first  heard it, and still does even after the past few years.  It deserves 5  stars on its own.  The rest of the disc is quite average, I'll stick to the  finished versions that The Beatles wanted out, not this rubbish.  George  Harrison even called this type of material just &quot;scraping of the  barrell for all the Beatles tracks people can find.&quot;
B000002GYW|4.0|If you pick this CD up today, you will listen to a record thatseems ambitous, out of place, triumphant, and lacking.  The Eaglesmade a country-rock concept album explaining all those statements. The Eagles start with the tale of Doolin-Dalton, gunfighters in the old West.  The trail unwinds through anxious young men to a man losing it, to a dying relationship, to a lonesome stargazer trying to find love, back to a gunfighter.  The second side echoes the first although the lyrics reflect the loss the first side had brought on.  It was a brilliant concept and it almost completely worked.  The album lacks a complete vision of one person bringing all the ideas together. Frey and Henley worked completely together and stood each other up on some issues while in England, Roger Waters always got his way over the others in Pink Floyd.  That is why Dark Side of The Moon is a masterpiece finished and Desperado is a masterpiece started.
6305648522|5.0|I saw this movie in the theatre when it came out, and ended up crying  through the final ten minutes.  The essential theme of the movie is memory,  and the power that the past has over our lives, even after years and across  oceans.  It is an extraordinarily powerful and also subtle movie, with some  of the best performances I've ever seen.  A word of caution -- you must be  willing to sit with the movie, without distractions, to understand the  impact.  I'm glad I saw it on the big screen first.  Also, get the  subtitled version.
6305892946|4.0|In English:<br />I think that &quot;Scream 3&quot; is a very good horror film, like the 2 other &quot;Scream&quot; films. You can feel the horror in the air. Recomand!<br />In Swedish:<br />Jag tycker att &quot;Scream 3&quot; r  en jttebra skrckfilm, precis som de andra 2 &quot;Scream&quot; filmerna!  Man kan riktigt knna skrcken i luften. Rekomenderas!
B00000B9N3|4.0|I knew Uri Caine in high school and college, and played (sax) with him in some small jazz groups in the Philaelphia area.  He grew into a world-class musician (I knew he would), and I turned to teaching communication.  It has  been a pleasure to follow his career, and to hear his re-interpretations of  classical music (he was classically trained, after all).  I think his  Mahler CD is a modern masterpiece, but for me this Wagner CD is hampered by  the source material.  Uri was inspired to find the serene qualities (and  even the ethnicity) apparent in Mahler's work, but what redeeming value has  he found in Wagner's music?<br />Maybe I'm missing the point here; Caine has a  great sense of humor, and maybe it's the laugh he's going for.  This could  be the funniest version of Wagner since Bugs Bunny and Elmer  Fudd.<br />Nevertheless, the musicians perform flawlessly.<br />So Uri, how about  a solo piano album of Jazz standards?
630575067X|3.0|So many years passed since the last Star Wars, and a lot was expected. I wasn't like these geeks who expected the greatest thing since slice bread, but I did expect a good piece of work. The movie was a letdown in almost  all aspects. The story resembeled Christianity a little too much. Young  Darth, the &quot;chosen one&quot;, and his angelic Mary-ish mother, just  too much! Anakin(I know spelled wrong!), was a little too talented. I know  he is supposed to be this great warrior, but it's never cool to see a  smart-ass little kid. And Jar-Jar was, well you know. The effects were good  but not great, the droid fight was too fake looking. I guess the only true  bright spot were the fighting scenes. I especially love the Jedi vs. Darth  Maul battle, very very good.
B000002KDX|5.0|Well, yes, the lyrics which sounded profound when I was 17, now cause me to cringe a little at 43.  But, oh, the beautiful sound of those accoustic guitars!  I can't begin to recall how many late evenings were spent with 3  or 4 herbally inspired friends hunched over poorly tuned six-strings,  trying to work out the &quot;perfect&quot; Riverside or Donkey Jaw.  For  me, &quot;America&quot; and it's follow-up, &quot;Homecoming&quot;, really  capture the essence of the late 60's-early 70's west coast folk-hippie  music experience every bit as much as CSN &amp; Y and the Byrds.   Music  from a time when wanting to &quot;mellow out&quot; wasn't regarded as some  sort of character flaw.
0812551508|5.0|This book is absolutely amazing. The only thing I didn't like is how she made the book third person (its really told by the sailor Robert Walton, and not Victor Frankenstein, which people seem to misunderstand.) Besides  that, the book is very well paced, and I found it very easy to understand.  For you readers out there who said they had diffuculty in understanding the  book you should pick up Cliff Notes or go to sparknotes.com to help you aid  your understanding of this book, instead of declaring its  &quot;garbage&quot; because you have failed to understand this brilliant  womans messsage. Anyways the book is about how the monster represents a  modern Adam and how mankind in general faces the dilemma of how to cope  with our existence. This book left me heart-broken and in tears at the end.  I felt horribly sorry for the monster who was more human this his juvenile  and  ignorant (yes, despite all the masters brilliance, he was ignorant)  creator Victor Frankenstein. Definitely read this, the book is exquisite :)
0440234743|2.0|This novel had a strong beginning -- even if somewhat implausible -- about an eccentric who is about to screw all of his heirs out of his billions and leave it to his unknown illegitimate daughter who has become a very holy  missionary.<br />I got as far as the alcoholic lawyer (likeable, of course)  finding the missionary and finally turned to the end of the book to see if  my suspicions about the plot were confirmed.<br />One question:  why were all  the heirs so stupid as to agree to such a huge contingency fee for the  lawyers?
B000001DYJ|4.0|THE BAND: Paul Stanley (guitar, lead vocals), Gene Simmons (bass, lead vocals), Bruce Kulick (guitar), Eric Singer (drum, percussion, backing vocals).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1993) 16 tracks clocking in just under 67 minutes. Included with the disc is a 6-page foldout containing band pictures, tour memorabilia, production crew (huge at 41 members), what songs came from which albums, and a KISS chronology of any/all members past & present. Recorded in Cleveland, Detroit, and Indianapolis during the 1992 tour. Label - Mercury.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Great sound production on this album. The band sounds tight and in tune. Vocals are top notch... Gene is at his demonic growling best, and Paul sounds great too. However, I am not a huge fan of their middle era stuff (mid/late 1980's). If you got into KISS when the make-up first came off, then this is the album you've been waiting for. This album is easily better than their 2nd live album, but probably a few miles away from their 1st classic '75 concert captured on \\"Alive!\\". \\"Creatures of the Night\\" features 3 songs - and deservedly so - \\"Creatures\\" was the best and heaviest album from the entire 80's. The band does an awesome version of \\"I Still Love You\\", as well as great updated versions of \\"Watchin' You\\" and \\"Deuce\\". It's a shame that only 4 of the 16 songs come from their first classic 6 albums of the 70's. While they have a schmattering of songs and albums to choose from - they've successfully scattered the selections. But, having been to many a KISS show, I always look forward to hearing the old classics from \\"Love Gun\\" (0 songs here), \\"Rock & Roll Over\\" (0), \\"Destroyer\\" (1), and \\"Dressed to Kill\\" (1). Only a few things wrong with \\"Alive III\\" - #1. Piped in crowd noise is unnecessary (in between tracks I suppose I can tolerate, but it really hinders the enjoyment of the music when they do it during a song); #2. - borderline poor song selection - a few too many pop songs like \\"I Just Wanna\\", \\"Forever\\", \\"Lick It Up\\", and \\"God Gave Rock & Roll To You\\"; #3. - liner notes indicate \\"Watchin' You\\" is from the self titled \\"Kiss\\" album - when any fan knows it's from \\"Hotter Than Hell\\"; and #4. - Francis Scott Key's \\"Star Spangled Banner\\" as an encore... this was better left to Jimi Hendrix at Woodstock.& Roll To You\\"; #3. - liner notes indicate \\"Watchin' You\\" is from the self titled \\"Kiss\\" album - when any fan knows it's from \\"Hotter Than Hell\\"; and #4. - Francis Scott Key's \\"Star Spangled Banner\\" as an encore... this was better left to Jimi Hendrix at Woodstock.
B00004T8RK|5.0|I have to say that Pearl Jam has completely outdone themselves with this release.  Moving, driving, progressive, and sincere are the four best words I can find to describe this true masterpice.  Most bands are burnt out of fresh ideas by the ten year point of their career, but Pearl Jam just keeps  on going.  Here's how I feel about this disc song by song.  A word of note,  like any Pearl Jam CD, this disc takes some time to grow on you, it kinda,  seeps itself under your skin and takes a hold of you.  I must admit, at  first, I thought that this album started great, but ended too bland, but  after listening, it has become one of my higest priority desert island  discs.  <br />1. Breakerfall- Must be heard loud for maximum effect, matt  cameron takes a hold of you right away with his drumming, eddie is great,  guitars are blazing, and jeff goes to town.  Very Who-ish.  (Isn't it great  how Pearl Jam always starts their albums with a relentless rocker?)<br />2.  God's Dice- Takes off right away after track 1, could be seen as a modern  day &quot;Spin the Black Circle&quot;.  A very focused track with great  lyrics and excellent drumming once again.  Another one to turn the volume  to 10.  <br />3. Evacuation- I don't see why people don't get this song.  So  what if it doesn't find a good hook, and goes three different directions?   Does pearl jam have to follow your traditional song formula? the lyrics  aren't that bad, and Stone and Mike really go to town on this one.  I love  the vocal harmony on the chorus, YEAH!   This is vintage pearl jam left  over from Vitalogy.  <br />4. Light Years- 1 of 3 perfect tunes on this CD.   Everything about this song is sincere, and has the most singable chorus I  think pearl jam has ever had since &quot;Alive&quot;.  The instrumental  break is so lovely and well done, and eddie's higher range sounds ever so  melodic and clear.  Beautiful song, and one that will surely live on.<br />5.  Nothing As It Seems- Not the best choice forfirst single(I still think  Grievance should have been the first single), but it's a great moody tune  with excellent work by Mike on guitar.  <br />6. Thin Air- Another great,  sincere mid tempo rocker that shows why Eddie is the best vocalist of the  last 10-15 years (sorry Maynard, you're a VERY close 2nd).  <br />7.  Insignificance- 2nd of 3 perfect songs on this disc.  This is a CLASSIC  pearl jam tune, with a rocking beat, a strong dose of emotional tension,  agressive guitars, and a great climax.  If you can't feel the energy on  this one, you must be dead.<br />8. Of The Girl- A tune with a strong eastern  vibe, kinda the oddball progressive tune on the album (a la  &quot;WMA&quot;, &quot;I'm Open&quot;), yet has an infectious groove and  some great bluesy licks from Mike, (well, sounds like mike, could be  stone).  I dig it, but it feels weird cause it's somewhat without a bridge,  so it sounds like just like one long vamp, but it rocks anyway.  <br />9.  Grievance- In my opinion, the best song on the album, and the 3rd of 3  perfect songs on the disc.  Probably also one of pearl jams 5 best songs  ever &lt;im my personal opinion&gt; (&quot;Alive&quot;,  &quot;Rearviewmirror&quot;, &quot;Do The Evolution&quot;,  &quot;Nothingman&quot;, &quot;Greivance&quot;)  This song has it all, it IS  everything pearl jam, Mike and Stone wailing away some massive licks on the  guitar, Jeff slamming down some huge bass grooves, Matt doing some TOTALLY  insane things on the drums and of course Eddie's voice soaring all over the  entire song, especially on the outro... I nearly lost my mind when I first  heard this tune on letterman.  DAMN!<br />10. Rival- Another misunderstood  song which seems weak at first, but grows on you.  Has a deliciously  dissonant guitar riff and great background singing.  <br />11. Sleight of  Hand- it's chilling that a band can create such a loose, liquid-like feel  and still sound so tight.  Eddie once again sounds magical... probably one  of Pearl Jam's best slower tunes since &quot;Nothingman&quot; or &quot;Low  Light&quot;<br />12. Soon Forget- GENIUS lyrics, with a great story, and of  course, Eddie rocks no matter what he sings (or plays).  <br />13. Parting  Ways- While I agree with a previous reviewer who said the he was waiting  for Pearl Jam to finally end an album with a straight ahead rock tune, it's  kinda become their trade mark to end with a slower song (Release,  Indifference, Stupid Mop (ugh), Around The Bend, All Those Yesterdays),  this one is so gorgeously done, it's hard to find it a bad thing.  Again,  the guitar textures are lush, and Eddie's voice sounds sincere and gentle,  yet still powerful.  A great closer.<br />As you can see, I have a great  adoration for the album, and I truly feel that it kinda takes the best of  each previous release, and creates something a summation of the bands first  decade.  After ten years, this is where they have come, and I can't think  of anything better.  Pearl Jam is still going strong, and doesn't show any  signs of slowing down.  As pretty much the SOLE surviving band of their  era, Pearl Jam have truly shown everybody what it means to survive in the  vicious world of the music business.  Bravo Pearl Jam, and keep the great  albums coming!
0767840968|4.0|Even though I love to watch movies with Tim Robbins in them, it was too hard to see him playing such a wicked man. It made me worry about today's society. Would anyone really go to these lengths? It could really happen to  you, me to anyone we dearly love. It left me wondering if his character was  really the &quot;bad guy&quot; Kept me on the edge of my seat, good  flick!
0671646788|5.0|The book is a guide, framework or map (call it what YOU will) to get to where we would all like to go. The book has helped me achieve, freedom, happiness, and personal growth. Use the information in this book  practically and you will realise you have the potential to change, to  become the person you wish you could be. <br />YOU will need to take action  but the word magic is accurate.
B000009QPE|5.0|I have been listening to metal for some time (8-9 years maybe?) and have heard a lot -- but nothing comes CLOSE to Reign in Blood (not even the masterpiece De Profundis by Vader).  Despite not having played it every day  for the last 8 years, I can (and do) replay it in my mind's ear from  beginning to end.  THAT is how memorable it is.<br />For the kids weaned on  Kid Rock, Limp Bizkit, and Korn: listen up.  This is the greatest and most  influential metal album ever.  EVER.  Even if you decide you don't like any  metal that doesn't have some oversexed lameass rapping in the foreground,  you should get this album simply to hear it once.  And who knows; you might  actually like it.
B000002B2T|4.0|I was totally shocked to hear such wonderfully soft & gracious melodies here - totally lacking in the crunchy guitar work of typical Alice in Chains and/or Pearl Jam albums. Layne Staley's heart was in this album  and not the Alice in Chains 'self titled' album of the same year (1995).  That AIC album was awful for the most part, while this album shines  brilliantly. Mike McCready's guitar work is fluid and seemingly effortless.  I don't know, sure some of these tunes are depressing, as only Layne can  tell us about, but they are also somehow someway spiritually uplifting.  Maybe because Layne is so far down in the dumps that we can't help but look  at ourselves and think we are ahead of the game. Best songs are \\"Xray  Mind\\", \\"River of Deceit\\", and \\"Artifical Red\\". A  wonderful album and a treat to listen to. It is not what you'd expect from  the guys making the music (based on the music they've put out previously  with their own bands). Wonderful.
0767903854|3.0|Bryson mixes a history lesson with his personal experience to bring his Australia to the reader. He gets to write the whole thing off as a business expense, I imagine. Nice for him!<br /> He covers a lot of ground, slaps a  lot of bugs, quaffs cold beer every night, and expresses a sincere  appreciation for the miseries of travel in &quot;A Sunburned Country.&quot;<br /> I laughed out loud on many occasions, expressed an occasional 'wow  really?' and overall, enjoyed the book.<br /> If I had not participated in a  very boring online chat with Bryson on CNN I would not have been familiar  with the book at all.<br /> I probably would not have missed very much.
B00004THAY|5.0|Three points: For people who have found Eric Clapton increasingly difficult to appreciate over the past 10 years, &quot;Riding with the King&quot; is a renaissance, a breath of fresh air.  It is as if God (the  &quot;real&quot; one) went to B.B. King and asked him to save his long lost  brother.  While there are moments when Clapton seems tentative (beginning  of track 5, e.g.), King pulls him back up or, rather, out of himself.  For  fans of his work in the 60s, one has to say Clapton (the &quot;real&quot;  one)is back. Second, with the exception of the over-produced, over-dubbed  title cut, this album is as clean and musically involving as any released  in the past couple of years.  One hopes that, with the sales and momentum  of this masterpiece, broader segments of the industry will &quot;get  it&quot;:  consumers are starving for music made by musicians who can  actually play musical instruments.  (Play this baby on a stereo system  which sets a musical sound stage and you can actually see Eric sitting on  the left and King and Lucile sitting on the right). And finally,  synthesizing these two points, I am thrilled that my daughter's generation  finally has an album that, on the hand, can introduce and take them into  the history of blues while, on the other, remaining &quot;cool,&quot; the  all important standard for acceptance by her friends.  In the instance,  however, &quot;cool&quot; is also durable.  Viva B.B. King.
0767849493|5.0|I had no idea what this movie was about when my friend asked me to see it with her.  I LOVED it the very first time I saw it in the theater, and I've seen it two more times since then.  I laugh through it every time, and I  continue to find new things I missed before.  The movie is witty and  brilliant and before its time.  It addresses a lot of religious issues that  have become taboo over the years, such as hypocrisy in the religions, but  mostly in Christianity.  The movie is not meant to be taken seriously, but  I think there is truth behind the idea.  The characters are verbose, so it  is easy to miss what they say.  I found the end a bit cheesy; however, I  agree with the statement it makes.  It was an appropriate conclusion to a  complex movie.  I left the theater feeling like I had accomplished  something because it helped me see another perspective on religion that I  wouldn't have ordinarily seen.  I thought about what the movie meant to me  for days after I saw it.
B00003CXAR|5.0|Where do you start? Benchley writes a bestseller. Young, relatively  unknown, mastermind director Spielberg directs. Support from a wonderful  cast: Roy Scheider (the town sheriff), Richard Dreyfuss (the out of town  shark expert), and the late great Robert Shaw (the fisherman &amp; his  boat). This movie follows the book for the most part with the exception of  Hooper (Dreyfuss' character) living and not being a statistic at the  movie's end. Some memorable scenes... The opening scene of the first victim  taking a skinny dip at night, 2. a mother dressed in black talking to the  sheriff after her son fell prey to the shark, 3. Hooper almost gets eaten  while diving in the cage, 4. Quint (Shaw) meets his demise, and 5. Brody  kills the shark. Some memorable lines... Mayor Vaughn: &quot;We have caught  and killed a large predator that supposedly injured some bathers.&quot;  Brody: &quot;You're gonna need a bigger boat.&quot; Quint: &quot;The thing  about a shark, it's got lifeless eyes, black eyes, like a doll's eyes. When  it comes at you it doesn't seem to be livin'... until he bites you, and  those black eyes roll over white.&quot; Some tongue &amp; cheek humor mixed  in with high drama and suspense. The only drawback I saw with this movie  was the ending. I thought it was a bit corny at first. But after watching  the movie for about the 50th time I noticed that the book on sharks that  Brody is flicking through features a shark with a diver's tank in its  mouth. This movie is tied together very well - from beginning to end.  Awesome &amp; ahead of it's time. Essential in any movie buff's library.
B00000634J|5.0|I know!  You've heard these songs before. and are probably tired of all the &quot;remastered&quot; Greatest hits collections floating around.  Frankly speaking, so am I.  <br />However, this CD is different, and here's  why.  &quot;Shaved Fish&quot; was the first (or, should I say, Apple)  greatest hits package.  This was released in 1975.  Needless to say,  &quot;Shaved Fish&quot; is outdated and terribly incomplete.  Next we have  the &quot;Imagine&quot; sound track collection which ventures back into  John's Beatle days and includes songs like Revolution, Help, The Ballad of  John and Yoko, etc.  This Imagine sound track collection falls into the  same trap that hurt the George Harrison Greatest hits collection back in  1976 -- It included too many Beatle numbers.  <br />Well, the Lennon Legend  avoids all the pitfalls of the past.  For openers, it is timely.  This CD  covers John's Apple years as well as the Dakota period.  This CD includes  the very best John has to offer as a solo artist.  No, you are not going to  be treated to any of John's Beatle numbers on this CD.  <br />The sound  quality on these &quot;remastered&quot; tunes are absolutely outstanding.   John's voice and the instrumentation never sounded better.  Those of us who  still have vinyl immediately notice the difference in sound quality.   <br />I  do have one complaint about this CD.  The Imagine Sound Track collection  included John's version of Real Love.  Listening to John's version of Real  Love, you would immediately notice that the version the  &quot;reunited&quot; Beatles included in Anthology 2 is different then the  direction John was going with this tune.  The Lennon Legend CD should have  included John's version of Real Love to make this collection truly  complete.  <br />As it stands, this CD is definitely a plus for any  collection.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|To be honest, the only reason i started to see this film was because the dog reminded me of one from my own life that had passed away (Yoyo)...however, many viewers will find much to identify with, dog lover  or not... the film immediatley drew my whole family in with it's nostalgic  look at youth and the lessons learned...and the narration in the film  brings wisdom, which will echo many of our own thoughts as we grow older  and will strike multiple emotional chords...the deep bond between the dog  and the boy is merely a vehicle in which to display the passing of  childhood and the lessons learned...I agree with a previous commment that  this a film to own, because it is one that captures many moments that most  of us can identify with...it will surley become a classic of it's  genre...and I think it even transcends it's genre...it's truly American  cinema at it's best...and should prove to be a film that will grow richer  with repeated viewings...
B000002WU9|5.0|After the Wu Tang Clan's debut CD, they had taken the rap world by storm.  Classics such as &quot;Protect Ya Neck&quot;, &quot;C.R.E.A.M&quot;, &quot;Can It Be All So Simple&quot; and &quot;Method Man&quot; was fresh in  everyone's minds.  The Wu Tang Clan had stated from the beginning they were  trying to make the success of their debut CD beneficial to other Wu Tang  members so that they would be able to get solo contracts for each artist as  well.  It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out which two Wu Tang  artists stood out the most, Method Man and ODB.  However, when both of  their solo CDs came out there was something missing.  Both CDs sounded like  they were rushed, especially Method Man's.  They both had good singles and  their were some other classic songs as well, but you didn't get that on the  whole CD like you did on Wu Tang's debut.  The next one up to bat was  Raekwon, which surprised me at first, because I would have figured GZA  would have been released as the 3rd solo CD.  The first time I heard  Raekwon rap without being featured with a Wu Tang artist was on Mobb Deep's  &quot;Eye For An Eye&quot; on Mobb Deep's &quot;The Infamous&quot; CD.  His  lyrics were razor sharp as usual but I did not think that Raekwon could  carry a whole CD.  Enter, Ghostface Killah.  The Wu Tang Clan probably  figured it was easy for Method Man and ODB, but they knew that only die  hard Wu Tang fans would know about Raekwon.  I'm sure that the pressure was  on the Wu Tang Clan to make sure that they did not disappoint their fans.   With Raekwon and Ghosface Killah on the mic and the RZA on the boards, they  figured it wouldn't be a problem.  The first single, &quot;Glaciers Of  Ice&quot;, demonstrated that.  The track featured Raekwon, Ghostface Killah  and Wu- affiliate Masta Killa.  At the same time this was released,  &quot;Criminology&quot; featuring Raekwon and Ghostface was also released  and the buzz of the killa bees had started again.  &quot;Only Built 4 Cuban  Linx&quot; was Raekwon's solo debut, but this was the breakthrough CD for  the Wu Tang Clan and Ghostface Killah.  Tony Starks is featured on 75% of  the CD. This CD sounded like RZA had something to prove and it's definitely  in my top 10 of all time, as far as, hip hop CDs are concerned.  While the  whole CD can be listened to without fast forwarding there are definitely  some stand out tracks.  &quot;Guillotine (Swordz)&quot; w/  Raekwon,Inspectah Deck, Ghostface and the GZA, &quot;Rainy Dayz&quot; w/  Raekwon, Ghostface and a nasty hook by Blue Raspberry, &quot;Incarcerated  Scarfaces&quot; w/ Raekwon holding his own and &quot;Ice Cream&quot;  w/Method Man, Ghostface and Cappadonna.  I have to agree with reviewer  &quot;John Storm&quot; and say that the best song on this CD is  &quot;Verbal Intercourse&quot; w/Raekwon, Ghostface Killah and Nasty Nas.   This is one of Nas' best verses of all time.  This track is also one of the  RZA's best tracks of all time.  This song had the stereo repeat button in  constant use when this CD first came out.  To any hip hop fan, this is a  must have for your collection, it's as simple as that.
B000002OZY|5.0|The Who had previously released a concept album with 1967's Who Sell Out and Pete Townshend had written the mini-opera &quot;A Quick One (While He's Away)&quot;, but neither of those could have predicted the masterpiece that  Tommy would be.  Townshend created the story of a deaf &amp; dumb blind kid  who would inspire a messiah-like following in true operatic-style. It had a  book &amp; libretto, but instead of classical music, it used rock.  The  music was a departure from the Who's typical hard rock style as they  employed horns and strings for the first time.  While some of the songs can  stand on their own like &quot;Pinball Wizard&quot;, &quot;I'm Free&quot;  &amp; &quot;Acid Queen&quot;, most are best listened to in the context of  the album. Many have derided the album as pompous and overblown, but few  can criticize it earnestness and ambition.  The Who upped the ante in rock  music with this album.
0780628551|1.0|This movie has it all: bad dialogue, bad story, bad acting and of course bad directing. You can tell that the director is trying really hard to affect the audience but he's just not good. The dialogue is among the  cheesiest I've witnessed in 1999 (and I thought films were getting out of  that type of dialogues bar The Matrix). The acting? From stiff to  over-dramatic to &quot;huh?&quot; - even cult-figure Johny Depp is a let  down. The director is obviously trying hard to make you feel un-easy, or  whatever  he's trying to get out of the audience, but he just can't pull it  off! Borrowing elements from Rosemary's Baby this movie isn't worth  watching other than a good unintentional laugh if it doesn't bore you  throughout. Trying to watch it and get some sense out of it will prove a  hard task since this movie shows no signs of answering the questions it  creates. Why? Why would the creature/alien/whatever do what it did? For  what greater purpose? and blah blah blah to reach the &quot;Why am I still  sitting here watching this?&quot; question. This movie is just not  complete. Try Rosemary's Baby instead.
B00000IMCW|4.0|The reviews previous to this are pretty much accurate.  Romero's follow is probably one of the 10 best Horror movies of the 1970's.  However, while other (such as the Texas Chainsaw Massacre) trys to grab you by pushing the  limits with shock, Georgie boy goes the other way by getting you to think  just a touch.<br />This movie is not really a sequel to Night of the Living  Dead (one of the top 10 of the 1960's), but can be seen as related (set 1~2  years after).  Man is in dire danger, as the dead have come back to life.   Civilization is breaking down and choas is helping the Zombie's win.  Four  survivors take off in a helicopter and are forced to land on the roof of a  shopping mall, surrounded by Zombies.  <br />The movie paints broad strokes,  the characters are just not really developed enough.  The movie is about  materialism and greed, and how our current society is based more on  emptiness (using the shopping mall as a mecca as an example) rather than  any sound foundation.  <br />The DVD is bare, with a few features (the  funniest being an advertisement for the mall, where the movie was shot).   There is no audio commentary and the soundtrack was in Mono.  However, if  you like horror movies to be alittle less about T&amp;A and Gore, try out  the Dawn of the Dead.....Before there is no more room in hell....Rating: B.
006097625X|5.0|I am not a comic artist (or even a reader) but rather an information visualization scientist.<br />McCloud touches on some incredibly subtle issues around the composition and presentation of information visually, which I  find  unparalleled in any other work.  <br />He addresses the duality of  content and style (style as content?) and the issues of time and causality  clearly and effectively.<br />I can't wait for REINVENTING COMICS.
B000003BF1|5.0|Let It Bleed is the bluesiest of all the Stones' records and this probably has to do with the addition of former Bluesbreakers guitarist Mick Taylor to the band.  He adds some fine slide and blues guitar work to the band.  This album sounds like it could have been recorded in the Mississippi  Delta.  In fact &quot;Love In Vain&quot; is an old blues song that the band  sings in a dirge-like fashion.  &quot;Midnight Rambler&quot; sounds like  something that Muddy Waters could have written.  &quot;Let It Bleed&quot;  contains just a simple guitar and drum backing, but is a great song.  &quot;You Got The Silver&quot; has Keith singing lead and it is some of his  best vocal work ever.  &quot;Country Honk&quot; is a country reworking of  their number one hit rocker &quot;Honky Tonk Woman&quot;.  There are some  hard rockers on the album including the opening track &quot;Gimme  Shelter&quot; and the scorching &quot;Live with Me&quot;.  &quot;Monkey  Man&quot; is one the most underappreciated songs in the Stones catalog.  Martin Scorcese used it brilliantly in the film &quot;Goodfellas&quot; and  it contains some classic screeching by Jagger.  Of course the most played  track on the album is the last one, &quot;You Can't Always Get What You  Want&quot;.  It's the Stones slap of reality to the hippie's love &amp;  peace movement and a foreshadowing of the violence that would pierce the  country, including their own Altamont show.
B000001GPX|5.0|My search for the perfect recording of Beethoven's 5th ended here. When I bought the CD I wasn't very familiar with the 7th symphony, but I can tell it is conducted passionately and with impeccable attention to the blend of  the orchestra. Kleiber knows just how to emphasize the important parts and  exploits Beethoven's orchestration to produce a powerful sound. I am  convinced Beethoven himself would highly approve of this recording.
B000002H6C|1.0|I liked metallica's black album and Load.You could hear what they were saying.This album sounds like 20 drunks yelling as loud as they can with some guy trying to talk over them.
0060977493|5.0|This is a difficult book.  This is a mindblowing, awe-inspiring, masterpiece of a novel.  Much of the critiism it receives stems solely from the fact that people do not have the patience for its complexity.  But it  is inspiring, shattering, and brilliantly presented.  A must-read.
B00000DMJF|5.0|Many people consider Sgt. Peppers not only the Beatles greatest work, but the best album of all time.  While it is excellent and innovative, my money's on this record.  From the opening sounds of an airplane on  &quot;Back In The USSR&quot; to the closing &quot;Good Night&quot;, the  Beatles take us on a musical adventure that moves from the simple to the  bizarre.  The album is like four solo efforts combined together.  Each of  the Beatles took control of  their own songs, with the other three more or  less serving as sidemen.  You can see the blueprints of their future solo  careers being shaped on the album.  It is this diversity of sounds that  makes the album great.  You go from silly sing along songs like  &quot;Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da&quot;, &quot;Rocky Raccoon&quot;,  &quot;Birthday&quot; &amp; &quot;Bungalow Bill&quot; to simple love songs  like &quot;I Will&quot;, &quot;Blackbird&quot; &amp; &quot;Julia&quot; to  songs of indictment like &quot;Piggies&quot;, &quot;Sexy Sadie&quot;,  &quot;Revolution 1&quot; &amp; &quot;Me &amp; My Monkey&quot;.  McCartney  has never rocked harder than &quot;Helter Skelter&quot;, Lennon shows his  trademark acerbic wit on &quot;Happiness Is A Warm Gun&quot;, Harrison got  Eric Clapton to play on his poignant &quot;While My Guitar Gentley  Weeps&quot; and Ringo contributes his first ever recorded composition with  the goofy &quot;Don't Pass Me By&quot;.  There is some filler like the two  &quot;Honey Pies&quot; &amp; &quot;Mother Nature's Son&quot;.  &quot;Revolution 9&quot; is a little too avant-garde and can be skipped.  Despite the occassional lapse, the album is filled so much great music,  it's impossible to list them all.
B000002L9J|5.0|The Smiths were an incredible band. Led by Johnny Marr's driving guitar beats and Morrissey's bleak singing, the band had many great songs. Their third actual album, The Queen is Dead, is one of the best albums of the 80s  and of all time. Although the Smiths sound like acoustic pop music, it is  actually much deeper. The music is much more complicated than it sounds,  which is the reason for the fullness of their music. The lyrics are  anything but pop. Many of the topics of the songs are often frightening if  you read them. All these things make up the Smiths incredibly unique  sound.<br />Each of the ten songs on this album are classics. The Queen is  Dead is one of the darkest songs on the album, while Frankly, Mr Shankly is  much lighter. I Know It's Over is one of the best on the album. It is  Morrissey at his best. Never Had No One Never is very simple, but a great  song. Cemetary Gates is one of the brightest songs on the album and also  one of the best. Bigmouth Strikes again is made up of demented lyrics set  to beautiful music and singing. It works perfectly. The Boy With The Thorn  In His Side is probably the best song on the album. Vicar In A Tutu and  Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others are both great, while There Is A Light  That Never Goes Out rivals The Boy as the best song on the album. <br />The  Queen Is Dead is an incredible album. It is the Smiths best album and  should part of everyone's CD collection.
B000002H6C|1.0|I liked metallica's black album and Load.You could hear what they were saying.This album sounds like 20 drunks yelling as loud as they can with some guy trying to talk over them.
0780623134|5.0|One of the best films to come out. When it was released in 1994, it lost credit to the ever pop-culture appealing, Tom Hanks fueled film Forrest Gump (not a bad movie, but come on) this movie had far better storytelling,  acting, impact and endurance. Now I am glad to see people stand up and  really embrase The Shawshank Redemption in all it's glory. <br />Tim Robbins  is brilliant as the character of Andy Dufrense who personifies hope,  patience and persistence, during his long spent time in Shawshank Prison  for a double murder, in which he was framed.This is basically what The  Fugitive would have been if the bus didn't crash, with Kimble  escaping.<br />Morgan Freeman is beyond brilliant as Ellis &quot;Red&quot;  Redding who personifies friendship and a great heart, and has a really  heart warming ending narration.And it's about time to mention his narration  throughout the move which is perhaps the best ever, only rivaled by Robert  De Niro's narrations in Taxi Driver. <br />This film works as both a character  study and a feel-good movie.When Forrest Gump becomes less respected, this  deserving contender will rise even higher! Has it all! 1. Historical  Importance 2.Defenitive or career making performances. 3.Excellent  big-screen directorial debut. 4.Great ending. 5.Realism. 6.Escapism(now how  is that possible, well it is!) 7.The ability to extract a strong emotional  reaction in which many movies can't.(Even from somebody who found  &quot;Seven easy to watch, and not bothered by gore, like in Blade) 8.The  cult following this film has recieved speaks for itself.<br />Pure cinematic  art and entertainment rolled into one brilliant film!
0743200799|5.0|To me this book is a very good book it keeps me wanting to read his book.  I have read many other spaceflight books but this one tops them all.  It is great to see a flight director writing a book because i am and 19 year old  and i have read and i have watched all the NASA movies i have a huge  collection of all of the Apollo missions at home.  To me Gene Kranz book  just justifys what goes on in mission control and what happens behind the  kurten.  To me when i read the chapter about Apollo 13 it just told you  that a mission controller will go to any lengths to save the crew even if  he is the Flight director i am almost done with the book but to me if you  go out and buy this book you will be on the edge of your seat the whole  time.  The first time i started to read i didnt want to put book down.  To  me it touched something in my heart that told me this man went from the low  man on the totom pole to what he was and in my mind is still today and that  is the flight director.  That to me is my opinon on his book.
B000002L5P|5.0|Although the Smiths debut album is not their best, it is an essential album. When I sy it is not their best, i don't mean it isn't good, I mean it just doesn't quite equal The Queen Is Dead. It is very close, but this  one just falls short. As far as a debut album, it doesn't sound like one.  This album sounds like a band in their prime that has been around for a ten  years. Songs like Reel Around The Fountain, This Charming Man and Suffer  Little Children highlight this album, although all the songs are great. Buy  this along with The Queen Is Dead.
630518299X|5.0|This movie makes me laugh, makes me cry, and makes me think...There is so much to be amused by in this film. For instance, Jim Carey's acting, which always seems to amuse me. After watching it a few times, you catch onto the  lines and start talking along with the movie. Atleast, that's what I found  myself doing. The ending is just about the most captivating half hour of  film I've ever seen. Truman Burbank(Jim Carey's character) found all the  answers at the very end, and that scene really touched me. The music in  this movie is also well-done. It fits each scene perfectly.
B00004RHZU|5.0|PINK DEBUT ALBUM IS COOL! I SAW HERE OPENING FOR NSYNC AND I SAID I GOT TO BUY HER ALBUM.I LOVE THE SONG &quot;THERE YOU GO&quot;(THE 1ST SINGLE).THE SLOW SONG &quot;STOP FALLING&quot;.BUT MY FAVE IS HER NEW  SINGLE &quot;MOST GIRLS&quot;.GOOD LUCK TO PINK AND YOU HAVE TO PICK THIS  UP!
B00000IMTF|5.0|Blackmore underrated, eh?  Not by himself, certainly.  Still, this stands with Sabbath's Heaven and Hell as the best setting for Dio's dark, other-worldly lyrics and dramatic delivery.  Put aside prejudices about  Seventies pomp-rock ('cos it's certainly that) and enjoy it for what it is.
B00000739S|4.0|Lou Reed Live is the same show as the Rock And Roll Animal show. Rock And Roll Animal, especially the new, remastered CD, is one of the greatest live albums of all time. Lou Reed Live falls short. One of the reasons is the  sound quality. This album needs to be remastered for the better sound. If  this was done, it might be as good. Eventually, someone will put both CDs  into one deluxe live album, which would be incredible. The songs on hear  are all great, but there are only six. This album is worth a listen, but  Rock and Roll Animal will be in my CD player much more.
0553108034|5.0|Martin's first foray into the Song of Ice and Fire set the stage with a very good set of characters and a very intricate plot. However, it only gets more interesting in this second book of the series. In this book, the  War brewing between the contenders for the Throne explodes, with well  scripted battle scenes as well as the behind the scenes pre-battle  intrigue. Off over the sea, dragons have been reborn, and magic is slowly  returning to the land with sometimes comical results. To top it all off,  that one underdeveloped character in Book one we all knew somehow we  couldnt trust, (Theon), proves us all correct in one of the most  heart-rending examples of betrayal I have ever read.<br />Characters seemingly  on the sidelines in the first book come to the fore, adding their own well  developed personalities and ambitions to the already tempestuous brew.  Magic and Sorcery rear their (so far) ugly heads, as a mysterious female  priest of the Red God enters the picture and begins to tip the scale in the  early stages of the War in favor of one of the conflicts main participants.  Tyrion, the deformed genius, steps to center stage, and he turns out to be  a likeable rogue whose blemishes aren't all physical, but who demonstrates  he has a heart and soul under all that scheming, Lannister exterior. Jon  takes a bit of a back seat in the action until the end of the book, while  his brothers receive more character development. Sansa, the most annoying  character, stays annoying, though perhaps a little wiser.
B00004RHZU|5.0|PINK DEBUT ALBUM IS COOL! I SAW HERE OPENING FOR NSYNC AND I SAID I GOT TO BUY HER ALBUM.I LOVE THE SONG &quot;THERE YOU GO&quot;(THE 1ST SINGLE).THE SLOW SONG &quot;STOP FALLING&quot;.BUT MY FAVE IS HER NEW  SINGLE &quot;MOST GIRLS&quot;.GOOD LUCK TO PINK AND YOU HAVE TO PICK THIS  UP!
B000002H97|1.0|i have no respect for a group who says it hurts cd sales even though the sales are up since napster came out .  They have low sales cuz there music is bad and they r old.
0792845730|5.0|Starring Peter Weller, Nancy Allen. Directed by Paul Verhoeven. 1987. Rated R (for violence, nudity and language.)<br />The man has such a fragile body. And it can be ripped apart, very  easily, brutally and grotesquely.  And when it comes to man showing us how brutal man can be injured, Paul  Verhoeven is as good as they come. <br />Paul Verhoeven shows us what bullets  can do to the body. But that's not all he can deliver in his worlds.  Robocop is one of my favorite movies ever. It's incredibly funny with it's  often black humor and action-packed...and don't forget about the strong and  classical sci-fi elements. Then again, the humor and action and all the  other elements of the film all meet classical depths. It's been called one  of the best action films of all time, for example. Another example is that  some may call it the best sci-fi film of all time. <br />Robocop of course  starts off with hilarious aspects and such, and  then a few minutes pass,  and we get to one of the most disturbing parts in movie history, as far as  I'm concerned. Murphy's death. The villains in this movie deserve to be  called, some of the most brutal and cold-blooded in cinematic history.   They are indeed very evil individuals. <br />After we've seen the film, we  look back on it. We met un-predictable moments, disturbing moments,  hilarious moments, and poignant moments. <br />It's one of the best 'revenge'  movies ever made in my mind, from what I've seen. And if I've seen  everything than it's probably still one of the best 'revenge' flicks ever  made. <br />I saw this flick when I was 4 years old with my fellow-4 year old   brother and our father. And I was captivated by seeing Robo kick  butt  then...I still do...and always will.
0425129586|5.0|This is probably one of the best mysteries ever written!  And I read a lot of them.  Poe had nothing on her in this book!  It was fantastic! The characters, the plot, everything.  Farfetched, yes, but it is still so  incredible!  10 strangers are invited to an island and one by one they are  being killed.  It is just too good for words!
6305161879|5.0|funniest movie ever! from ken's stutter to wanda's foreign language fetish to otto's bad driving, this movie would make anyone laugh (except maybe  poodle lovers)!
0679746048|4.0|As with most movies, there is a good book lurking somewhere in its past. And &quot;Girl, Interrupted&quot;, is no exception. Author and central character of this mesmerizing memoir, Susanna Kaysen, gives us a well  defined exacting profile of near madness.<br />Tweny-five years after placing  herself under the watchful eyes of her &quot;keepers&quot; at Mc Lean  Hospital for psychiatric treatment, Kaysen reveals her two year stay in the  teenage ward back in the late 60's. A time itself of diagnosed  disturbance.<br />Richly portrayed characterzations of her fellow  &quot;inmates&quot; and their doctors vividly depict everything from  suicide, medications, the meaning of a crazed life, and harrowing journies  to recovery. <br />I truly enjoyed this 168 page book. Possibly more so due to  the fact that I, myself, can say--&quot;been there, done that, bought the  T-shirt.&quot; And agree, the interruption is not my life, it just may be  those mannerless people around me.<br />Thank you for your interest &amp;  comments--CDS
0140366954|4.0|Sequel seldom works but this book is better then the first one, 'cause it explores the minds of it's charecters more truthfully then the first one.Here in this book they look more real and alive.The lose of the Beth is the great one but they bear it truely. Jo's charecter comes out so vividly that it dominated the whole book.It was a delight to read this book.
B00004LN16|5.0|Stiff Upper Lip, Meltdown, Hold Me Back, Safe In New York City, Can't Stand Still, Satellite Blues! This is great! Whoever said Brian is a homo will forever BURN!  Bon would be proud! Also check out RAZORS EDGE and  POWERAGE!
B00003CXA4|5.0|The movie depicts reality quite well. There is a misconception that Ben Kingsley is a British actor. He is an Indian, his real name being Krishna Bhanji, and has merely Anglicized his name. Inspite being too long, the  movie holds your attention. Those wishing to see more of the Mahatma see  the movies - &quot;Making of the Mahatma&quot; - where he is depicted more  as a human, than as a saint and also the movie &quot;Sardar&quot; , about  Vallabh Patel.
B00004LN16|5.0|Stiff Upper Lip, Meltdown, Hold Me Back, Safe In New York City, Can't Stand Still, Satellite Blues! This is great!  Bon would be proud! Also check out RAZORS EDGE and POWERAGE!
B00000G3PA|2.0|While there are parts of this film which I found truely entertaining,  there are two things which ultimately cause its downfall...<br />1. Script  (bleh) 2. Liv Tyler (You call that ACTING?)<br />Tyler's big final scene (Oh  DADDY! &lt;sob sob&gt;) is SOOOOOO awful.  Instead of inducing tears I  found myself laughing hysterically.<br />Get rid of her and you might have  something worth owning here.
B00004SST6|5.0|Bought this together with Ronny Jordan's Brighter Day and where Ronny's sometimes similar-sounding CD slips into blandness at times, this one, while very mellow and laid back, just swings from start to finish! I don't  know if it's still hip or even legal to use the term funky, but listen to  The Ghetto and try to think of another word :)
B00000FC5H|5.0|The incomparable Earth, Wind &amp; Fire have been going strong for almost 30 years.  The recent Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame inductees released this concise overview of their greatest hits in 1998, and it is a 70-minute  funkfest!  From &quot;Shining Star&quot; (a #1 hit in 1975) to &quot;After  the Love Has Gone,&quot; all of their classics are here, even if they  aren't presented in chronological order.  EWF have consistently maintained  a sound characterized by a big horn and brass section, incorporating  African and Latin rhythms.  Their music continues to be played on AM and FM  stations because it has a timeless, universal appeal. So go buy this CD,  and let the party begin!
