079073639X|5.0|This Micheal Crichton movie was so scary i almost peed my pants. The special effects were the bomb. It leaves you wondering how it will end and whats going on. Whatever you do do not drink alot of fluids before watching  this movie at night.
6302649943|4.0|when I first saw &quot;IT&quot; I thought it was great besides the ending.then I read the book.boy was I wrong.but is worth the price for curry's acting
0792106989|5.0|After watching this film AGAIN, and thinking of John Wayne, John Ford, James Stewart, Lee Marvin, et al, and all the things one could say, I am reduced to the following statment:  This is the finest western that was  ever made.  It has everything a western should have, and everything a great  timeless Classic movie has. How I wish it was in DVD....<br />Note:  Magnificent 7, High Noon notwithstanding, this has everything.
006017322X|5.0|To tell everyone the truth, this book is the best book in the whole entire world. When I was told to read it in 7th grade, I looked at how big it was and I thought I was never going to be able to finish it. When I read the  first page, it actually grabbed my attention. By the end of the chapter, I  was so in tunned with it, that I didn't want to stop. Scout made me realize  so many things in life. Actually, Scout kind of resembled me. I learned a  lot about Africans and I think every english teacher should recommend this  book for the students. I got a real kick out of the book. It was so  hilarious, but then there were a lot of parts that actually made me want to  cry, because it seemed so real. I know sometimes its hard to read a book  because at first it seems so boring and too long but what i do is pretend  im actually in the scene and thats how this book brought so much attention  to me. I think this book is the greatest book ever written, because when i  actually read it, it seemed like I was actually in it.
B00000ILE6|5.0|To anyone who assumes that the video quality is poor or too &quot;grainy,&quot; please keep in mind that James Cameron and photographer Adrian Biddle chose to make this film look the way it does.  Some say that  it adds to the realism, making the film look like historic war footage.   Others argue that it helps to minimize the &quot;European studio  look.&quot;  This film was made at Pinewood Studios, where such classics as  The Shining and The Empire Strikes Back were produced.  But Aliens looks  radically different.  This film actually looks as if it was filmed on an  alien world.  14 years after its initial release, I still can't believe  that this film was produced for under $25 million!  I think the  adrenaline-to-cost radio is the best of any contemporary summer  blockbuster.  Gale Anne Hurd and James Cameron pulled off an artistic and  financial masterpiece.  And it's Cameron's best screenplay to boot.  And it  even has a Vietnam War analogy.  To this day, action films seldom get as  good as this!
B000002952|4.0|i really enjoyed Gloria Estefen on this one.her voice&amp;the music go together really well.i find many of her pop songs to be so-so at best.but here she really shines.
6305750750|3.0|George was trying too hard to make this film accessible to kids.  But he must have known that everyone who spent 10 years of wondering (and an additional 6 years eagerly awaiting, once Lucas' outlines were leaked on  the Internet in '94) was his &quot;target market.&quot;   This film is  still a marvel.  However, I wonder if Lucas will gloss over the imminent  genocide in Episode 3 with more cute characters a la Jar Jar Binks.   Genocide is not something you can gloss-over, George.  I pray that Episode  3 is a dark and gritty film for teens and adults only.  Lucas definately  needs help in the screenplay department. In the meantime, we should enjoy  the two sequences on Episode I that will stand the test of time: The Pod  Race, and the final lightsaber duels.  Amazing stuff!
B00000612G|1.0|this guy can't sing at all.about as good of a guitar player as Cece Deville from Poison.at best 3rd tier.this disc is a bad joke.he should continue to strum on the 12 string with Jon Bon Jovi and sing Wanted dead  or alive.just like that Hair Band that had a few catchy songs his career is  in the hands of Heather.who isn't that talented either.oh well?Bon Jovi is  Overrated and anything that comes out from them.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I loved it.  For any fan of Alanis' that can appreciate her natural way of expressing herself and her emotions, this is a must cd.  My only displeasure was &quot;These R The Thoughts&quot;.  Sorry everyone that  liked it, I just can't do it.  I must say that &quot;No Pressure Over  Cappuccino&quot; is one of the best songs that she has ever written.  If  anyone ever sang a song like this to me, I would be their's forever.   Comparing your lover to Jesus, a Kennedy, and Noah...odd combination...but  it really shows how much you look up to them and admire them for their  strengths.  It is just an amazing song.<br />Wishing she had done un-plugged :   &quot;Forgiven&quot;, &quot;Mary Jane&quot;, &amp; &quot;Not the  Doctor&quot;.  Those would have been awesome live.<br />Oh, and &quot;That I  Would Be Good&quot;...perfect.
B00000JNNY|5.0|hearing Etta James sing is a treat period.she has a drive in her voice that sends chills down your spine.her version of Stormy Weather is tough.and at last is a classic that is timeless.the Lady is bad.if Tina  Turner had have stayed (i Respect her alot)more blues than Pop she might  have sounded like Etta James.
B00003CWPR|5.0|The movie is great, but this version of it is the edited R version, so do yourselves a favor and wait for an unrated version of this masterpiece!
B000002IFN|3.0|i always dug there style.songs like the right thing,shine&amp;maybe someday sound pretty good.
6305750750|5.0|First off I love the movie, I see where Lucas is headed with Episode I...he's doing a lot of setup for the next two.  I've heard people complain that the Trade Federation isn't a good enough enemy.  Duh.  They aren't the  enemy in this movie people, thus the title &quot;Phantom Menace&quot;  (sigh).  Anyway, people shouldn't be to hasty to bash this movie because  you've only seen 2/3 of the whole thing.  As far as VHS goes?  Bwahahahaha!   No thanks.  I guess I'll get it and promptly throw it away when the DVD  comes out...some year.  Am I the only one that thinks releasing this on VHS  is a travesty!
B00000IKSC|5.0|This is the best Movie the Backstreet Boys have released yet!If you missed the dance moves in *A Night Out With the BackstreetBoys* buy this, and you get all the dance moves that you can handle! Each of the guys sing a solo, such as Nick sings *I Need You Tonight*, and A.J. sings *Lay Down Beside Me.* Other songs such as *Hey Mr. DJ*, *I'll Never Break Your Heart*, and *Quit Playing Games* (when the guys take over for the band) are among the songs sung!  This is a good investment, and I DIDNT HAVE N E REGRETS! I bought this movie the day it was release as I did with Millennium, and NOW IS BETTER THAN NEVER!
B000002UB6|5.0|A near-masterpiece -- only Harrison's appealing but lightweight contributions bring this album down a half-notch.  It starts with out Two of Us, a playful acoustic rock song.  Check out Spector's amazing  post-production on this live-in-the-studio recording.  The acoustics sound  exceptionally good.  Dig a Pony is a throwaway.  Across the Universe is one  of the high points of the album, again enhanced by Phil Spector, who slowed  down the tape, deleted the annoying bird sounds and added an orchestra. I  Me Mine and For You Blue are George's catchy but lightweight contributions.  Let it Be is another highlight, one of the greatest songs ever written.   I've Got A Feeling is a great rock song -- with Lennon's haunting ballad  'Everybody had a hard year'(which sounded better in the slow acoustic  arrangement) added in.  One After 909 is a great rocker, written by Lennon  in 1959.  The two other highlights are The Long and Winding Road and Get  Back, which really need no explanation if you've ever owned a radio in your  lifetime.  An amazing album, although (like a lot of their stuff) constant  exposure on the radio has maybe dulled it's greatness just a bit.
6305750750|3.0|I must admit the first time I saw the movie I was so hyped up with anticipation that all the movie could do was leave me with a feeling of disappointment. I am an avid follower of Star Wars and followed every move  of the pre-production notes. I decided to see the movie a second time and  enjoyed the film much more so than the first time.  Watch it once and you  miss a lot because things move so fast.  Watch it for a second or third  time and you begin to love it.  Despite the lack of character development  of Qui-Gon and Obi Wan, it definetely lives up to the Star Wars name.  The  only reason I give this movie 3-stars instead of 4 or 5 is because of  Anakin.  Put in a kid as the focus of a movie and you usually end up  disappointed by their lack of acting skills.  Episode II should prove much  better - the kid is grown up and you can focus more on the Dark Side.  Just  please don't ruin part II by casting Leonardo DiCaprio.
0385484518|5.0|I've enjoyed Mitch Albom's appearances on ESPN's &quot;The Sports Reporters,&quot; but this is Mitch in a whole new light.  His journal about the last days of his beloved professor sends a clear message about what is important in life: slowing down, listening, loving, touching.  The book is  an easy read, instantly moving the reader from laughter to tears.  It makes  a wonderful gift for family, friends and those who need some gentle  prodding to &quot;stop and smell the roses.&quot;
B000002TYX|3.0|This album is a lovely compliation of the early Beatles but really the songs haven't been changed much. There are live versions, which just have a bit of audience noise on them, demos and early takes which have John  changing some lyrics and if your lucky a few different arrangements. Apart  from the very first bit with recordings before they became big this doesn't  really have anything new. Free as a Bird is nice but if you want it get the  single.
B000003TBP|4.0|Beck is the most innovative artist out there, and this album is strong proof of that. Sure, it has its hits (where its at, new pollution, devils haircut) but still, those are very good songs and they deserve the radio  play they have been given (which hasnt been very much, anyway). My favorite  songs are the party-hit &quot;where its at&quot;, two rocking tracks in  &quot;Novacane&quot; and &quot;Minus&quot;, and a very quiet, easy  listening song, &quot;Ramshackle&quot;. I am pretty sure whoever has this  cd wll agree with me about these songs. The rest of the tracks are also  solid, but with all the great Beck songs, I dont have the time for these  just-above-average songs. All in all, get this cd, and if you come to  realize you are a true beck fan, pick up &quot;midnite vultures&quot;,  which i also have, or any of his other cds. Thanks for reading this, and I  hope you like the cd as much as I do. Peace.
630575067X|3.0|The Phantom Menace was a great movie excellent special effects, great fight seens but... It still &quot;In my opinion does not match the hype the media gave it&quot;. Think about it, In the commercials Darth Maul looked  like he was going to have a nice roll in the movie.  It disapointed me to  see him in a few seens.  There also were some cheesey lines in the movie.  Such as the line anakin says to his mother about helping people in the  galaxy. Jar Jar Binks was a complete moron, He probley dies in the next  movie. Ok now I will stop downing the movie here are some positives, Ob1  and Quan had one of the best Teacher student relationships I have seen In  years.  I applaud great actors I Think They worked together well.  I saw  that in the opening Sceen. the timing between them was as If there really  was a Force. and not something make belive.  Seeing a young ob1 Makes you  respect the old ob1 even more.  He is just an apprentice but uses the force  10 times better than luKe does in all the other films.  I am about to end  my review but one more thing. When you see the movie and please do.  notice  how much better everything looks in the movie.  I am talking about the  City's the weapons the Ships, Is'nt the Phantom Meance Acutually about 40  years before luke is born. I thought as time goes on things or places Tend  to modernize more. Or is there a re starting point for the people in these  galaxys due to The Clone Wars That are going to happen in the future  movies.
0684872153|5.0|I decided to read this book out of curiosity--to see what everyone was talking about and also because of the onset of the new movie. I am truly glad I have read this novel. It has become, in an instant, my favorite book. I found this book to be so moving, and it brought me to tears. Mr.  McCourt lived such an impoverished life, one so poor I don't think I'll  ever have to be in that situation. But his story makes you realize how  fortunate and lucky you are for what you have. They didn't even have what  people on welfare have now. Can you imagine living off of tea and bread for  periods at a time? Can you imagine having your father make money, but then  spend it on himself by drinking it away?  It really makes you stop and  think and appreciate what you have because these people had nothing, but  each other.  Also, the way the book was written itself and the humor in it  add to its superiority. I am so grateful to have read this book, as it has  truly enlightened my thinking and reminded to be thankful for life and what  I have. Read this book, you won't regret it, and hopefully it will add  something to the way you view things regarding life.
630575067X|4.0|I'TS A GOOD MOVIE, YOU HAVE THE CLASSIC ELEMENTS OF GOOD AND EVIL, AND WE ALL READY KNOW HOW THE STORY ENDS, GREAT SPECIAL EFFECTS AND A GOOD STORY, HOW MANY MOVIES CAN YOU SAY THAT ABOUT? WORTH EVERY PENNY.
B000001TVD|4.0|If for anything, buy &quot;Maggot Brain&quot; for the  amazing title track, 10 minutes of Eddie Hazel burning up his amplifier.  Other highlights are &quot;Hit it &amp; Quit it&quot;, &quot;Super Stupid&quot;,  and the lengthy outro track, &quot;Wars of Armageddon&quot;, which sounds  like something the Chemicals Brothers would try to do with their tons of  electronic equiptment and drum machines.  Another mind borrowing experience  from Clinton and Funkadelic.  Also highly recommended is the 1978 album,  &quot;One Nation Under a Groove&quot;, which not only contains &quot;One  Nation&quot; and many other funky rock songs, it also has the live version  of &quot;Maggot Brain&quot;, not to be missed, especially by the aspiring  rock guitarist.
B00003BDXG|5.0|I first saw this film years ago on video and loved it, so i had to snap the DVD up as soon as it came out. The DVD is a excellent package with some great extras, the deleted scenes were good to watch and i reckon 2 of them  should've been in the film. The courtroom scene and the Denis Leary scene  (maybe the latter as i'm a big Leary fan, Where's the DVD of No Cure For  Cancer? )Overall this is a excellent film, from the soundtrack down to the  animation and old TV clips that feature throughout the film.  So click on  the &quot;buy me&quot; button now and add this to your collection!
B000000W5H|5.0|Being an avid classic rock listener in general, I certainly believe this is a great album of that genre. Although many may not believe that this album is up to par with the albums from 1968 to 1972, the songs on this  album truly are excellent. From the opening rocker of &quot;If you can't  rock me&quot; to the raunchy &quot;It's only rock'n'roll&quot; to the  beautiful guitar work of Mick Taylor on &quot;Time Waits for no One&quot;  to the final funky closer &quot;Fingerprint File&quot;, there is not a  single weak spot on this album. Even if the album isn't up there with the  Stones' very greatest, isn't that a hell of a lofty expectation to think  that a group can continually produce works of absolute genius? If this  album were by a less known group with no reputation preceding them, the  reviews would be very different. People may argue that this is not the  Stones' best, but nonetheless this a great album. Don't listen to the  people giving it one star.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I cannot get this CD out of my player!  Soulful, danceable, and often rocks as well.  A complete listening experience.  This is definitely the one album to own from the past year.
B000002LOE|5.0|Best REM album to date.  Not a bad song on the cd.  REM has proven once again that they are the best band on this earth!
0792106989|5.0|This movie stars John Wayne, and James Stewart.  How can it 'not' be good?  And with Lee Marvin as the evil villain, this makes a wonderful movie to watch.
B00001NFCY|4.0|Creed is an awesome rock band, with their grungy+heavy guitars, and their great beats and sound, all around a close to perfect rock band. I think they were better on this cd then their old one.  They are harder than on  their older one. Although &quot;My own Prison&quot; is awesome too. I like  their harder side better. The songs &quot;Higher&quot;, &quot;With Arms  Wide Open&quot;, and &quot;What If&quot; are my favorites.  &quot;What  If&quot; is probably one of the hardest, It's still awesome.  I reccomend  this if you like rock. It's a great cd to add to your others.  BUY THIS!
157492589X|5.0|A sweeping saga with traditional real west grit to it.Anyone who wants to experience a western cattle drive in the 1800's will love this mini-series. Robert Duvall is exceptional as &quot;Gus&quot;. He is surrounded by and  All Star cast. One of the best I have seen!
B000031XCR|4.0|Never mind all the hostile comments towards Celine's album. Some have an agenda to put down others when they are successful. Celine album rocks. It's one of those albums that stands out and stand the test of time. Why  else would it be in Billboard's Top Ten still after 3 months after it's  release, and consistently in Top 10 at Amazon. This album is a good thing.  I appreciate it; It has both quality and quantity. I recommend it.
B000002WU9|5.0|This CD is unbelievable.  It ranks up there with Gza'a Liqiud Swords.  This CD is where the Wu-Gambino attitude became real clear.  No matter WHAT kind of music you like.  You will FEEL this.
0515127485|1.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Harris' previous books, which seemed well-written (though occasionally over-written) and engrossing. I was excited to get hold of this...but wow! what a disappointment!  This book was a terrible  dud--hard to get into, full of nothing but laughable stereotypes. It simply  plays to the moronic caricatures of Soviet Man that we were raised on and  does not even begin to suggest the causes for the terrible state of much of  Russia today. This is a book strung together out of cliches of thriller  fiction, including the boring anti-hero--and furthermore the writing is  just plain bad.<br />Cheap thrills for the ignorant. I suppose Harris is  hoping it sold as a film.<br />I  hope the star I gave it is taken as a zero,  which was not an option. By the way, I've been to Russia several times, and  it was nowhere in this book.
0684874350|5.0|Perhaps the best book ever written. One doesn't read this book so much as one becomes Frank McCourt. Objective observation and an inherent innocence makes for a truly entrancing novel. Described in such a way that one almost wants to live a similar life so that such a worldy view might be obtained.  Sheer excellence!
B000023VR6|4.0|Seven years later the doctor back in another classic cd, one of the best albums of the year featuring SNOOP DOGG, XZIBIT, EMINEM, MARY J BLIGE the album has 22 traks every one whit elegantly new style. since N.W.A to DEATH  ROW DAYS to CHRONIC 2001 DRE still superstar.
B000031WD9|5.0|Friends and I went to see this movie when we were attending Yale this summer. Its by far one of the funniest movies weve ever seen. One question for ya if youve seen it, &quot;Whats my name b----?&quot;!  lol.
B000001ESJ|5.0|Any Rush fan--or music fan, for that matter--must either BE a wiener or have them stuffed in his ears to not be able to appreciate this classic album by my favorite group of all time.  It is melodic, complex, striking,  caressing, powerful and gentle all at the same time.  This disc and Caress  of Steel are works of art that can only be listened to in one way, and that  is AGAIN AND AGAIN.  I, too, have worn out numerous tapes of this album:   That is why the CD was invented!  That is enough for now:  My Bratwurst is  waiting on the table....
6303340830|3.0|Dolph Lungren seems to be one of those actors with a brain who is always stuck with poor to average scripts! This movie is one of his better ones because he plays upon his strengths: physical abilities and intellectual  capacity. His acting takes this average script one notch higher. Of all his  movies, this and The Punisher are my favorites. My advice is to buy the  movie, enjoy it, and don't admit to anyone that you have it!
B00002E23H|4.0|This is one movie that took me by suprise. I thought it was going to be pretty stupid, but I ended up seeing this twice in theaters! Not since Jaws has a shark movie offered so many shocks, thrills, and chills. Almost 2  hours of non-stop suspense, which is a real shocker considering the lack of  marketing this one got. It should have been the #1 summer  &quot;blockbuster,&quot; not Wild Wild West or Blair Witch Project or Sixth  Sense or whatever else there was. Lots of the summer hits were pretty  entertaining, but this is what summer movies are all about: action,  explosions... and more action! Sure, it doesn't have the best acting in the  world, but it's a Renny Harlin film. What were you expecting? As far as I'm  concerned, it couldn't possibly have been constructed in a better way and  should be sought out by adventure-seekers. The sharks are very lethal,  though not exactly convincingly real looking. Still, it convinced me never  to stand near an open pool like Samuel L. Jackson did. Yikes!
B0000047CX|5.0|I am 47 and remember this album when I was a young teenager.  It's not only nice to have it as a CD reissue but as a Valentine's day gift to a very young fiancé who has never heard it before is going to be my Cupid's  arrow.<br />I am a widower at a young age and for me to have the opportunity  to have met someone so beautiful and so much younger and who shows real  promise as wanting a lasting relationship is such a stroke of good fortune  for me.  I know that this music will make our love grow strong enough that  my marriage proposal will be accepted.<br />I hope you see this, Honey and  know who sent it!
B000003TAB|5.0|This is the most diverse Nirvana album, some short are short, some are long-ish, some are poppy some are dirgey/freakout. Whichever record company puts this out in Australia is an idiot for not including the liner notes  which are very much like a zine spiel. I also resent that some people don;t  regard it as a 'proper' album, if you look @ the pop marketplace where many  singles comes out to be followed by an album w/ them &amp; filler, then  there must be a lot of 'improper' albums, a similar album of mixed up  recordings is WEASELS RIPPED MY FLESH by the Mothers of Invention. I  actually like the weirder tunes a lot. 1 thing that must be said is that  anyones who loves Aneurysm [or the band in general] MUST get into Sonic  Youth, the grinding escalating guitars in that song are similar to in SY's  songs like Catholic Block, Dirty Boots &amp; Brother James, go down that  road &amp; not the other redundant stuff that just happened to be @ the  right place/time, you know who I'm talking about.
B0000042MY|5.0|Well, I remembered seeing this movie in the theatres 8 years ago (was it that long) and the music was very inspiring to say the least.  The music is powerful and very, sometimes, nerve-racking to listen to.<br />One  disappointment on the CD for me is that they excluded the credits music,  which was sad and very emotional considering the ending of the movie.  Also  the version of the Clannad song is shorter and different, but all the songs  sound different from what they were on the movie, which was a  disappointment for me (especially the promontory part of which I would like  to add they spelled wrong on the CD...)<br />Finally, I would like to add that  most of the music is a variation of something already done, which is not a  bad thing, but it just seems weird that they don't give some of the credit  where its deserved.  The movie credits mention &quot;The Geal,&quot; by  Dougie Maclean and the rose garden house song I can never remember.  But  the canoe/massacre song is from Carmina Burana, and I have never seen any  source give reference to that.<br />Overall the music is very good, even if  not the exact same as the movie.
B00000JGOJ|3.0|Okay so it wasnt a huge heart grabber, but the casting could not have been better. Madeline Stowe, as always, showed realism. Angie Jolie stole the movie with her sincerity and convincing detail into the depths that we  would travel for love. Sean and Gina...well need I say more? A must see at  any rate, DVD or not.
0684872153|1.0|As you will read, the 4 and 5 star ratings all come from emotionally dominated saps. Search out the 1 or 0 star ratings to get a realistic review before you waste your money and time on this overrated treatise. All  who did like it, go back to watching Oprah and Rosie. Your opinions in the  literary world are so much fluff.
1573226521|4.0|I read The Beach for an on line reading group.  It's not something I would normally have picked up  but I must say I very much enjoyed it.  Garlands writing is straightforward and easy - a pleasure to read, simple to follow.  The story is fantastic. By mid way Garland had the plot built up to the  &quot;edge of your seat&quot; feeling which he maintained beautifully until  the end. Although I tried throughout to figure out where the plot was going  it ended up much different than what I'd expected.  It's a page turner.  I  agree with many of the other readers in that Leonardo may not cut it as the  main character in the film version.
B000009EOR|2.0|I really enjoy Kiss, but I just don't think any of the early studio recordings can beat the richness of Alive and Alive II.  It just seams like something is missing here. The four extra soungs are probably just some  extra tunes Paul had written that could not make it onto another album,  like Unmasked, at the time.
0385484518|5.0|This book will make you step back and review the way you live your life. When things are on the edge, you think and feel differently sbout the past, present, and future.
B00001QGPR|3.0|I'm having an exteremly difficult time getting into this release, even OUT of context with Bowie's past. Where did this stuff come from, in light of the artistically challenging &quot;OUTSIDE&quot;?<br />Is this all packaging  sans content? Some of the sonics are crisp and delightfully satisfying, but  I have to agree with Paul Hodson's review; &quot;Hmmm...&quot;
B00002Z88D|5.0|This whole CD is great! People say that putting one of America's greatest bands with one of America's greatest symphanies together is a bad idea, but the symphany makes the already fantastic songs spookier! I love the whole  CD, but my favorite is &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot;. &quot;Feul&quot;,  &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;, and &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; come in  at a close second.
6305750750|3.0|For the beginning of a saga that is already rich in fairy-tale and fantasy tropes, The Phantom Menace lacks the density it needs.  Even for the beginning of a prequel trilogy that may be fairly self-contained, this  first of the three is surprisingly weak.  Biological explanations of the  Force are not enough--we need to know about the relationship between the  Sith and Jedi now.  The fact that the first film largely ignores such  interesting material leaves me wary of the next two films (even though  they'll be darker and probably more interesting), because they will now  have to take up the issues that Phantom ignored.  I do admire Lucas's  attempt to create a political fantasy, but despite all the talk in the  original trilogy about governors and senators, the Star Wars saga is not as  political as Lucas seems to want it to be.  Even Return of the Jedi  surpasses Phantom in that Lucas kept himself honed in on the fantasy--the  emotional struggle, even the high dramatics were far more interesting in  that weakest film of the first trilogy.  Now, we have Phantom, which is,  surprisingly, even simpler than A New Hope.  With all the richness already  set up in the first trilogy, it pained me to see that Lucas ignored it.   Phantom is a decent action film with incredibly realized fantastic worlds.   And that is about it.
6304466498|3.0|It's not as consistent as earlier Brooks works, it isn't the greatest SF spoof (see hitch hikers guide to the galaxy original radio series, Red Dwarf). <br />What I enjoyed most was trying to catch the references to other  movies/TV series. I was especially happy to see the Betty's from Quark  making an appearance. Quark (for those too young to know) was a TV series  made by Brooks' old Get Smart co-creator Buck Henry. It should be released  on video as it would show what Spaceballs was missing - believable  characters. I mean Pizza-da-hut? All that for one lousy pun?
B00000DQT7|5.0|Wow,you say? How can you say that? Well the reason this is the best album ever made is simply because of four things: Genius song-writing(Robbie Robertson,Richard Manuel)Wonderful playing(Garth Hudson,Levon Helm, Rick  Danko) Funk!-(Garth Hudson's Clavenette on &quot;Up On Cripple Creek&quot;)  and most importantly-Great songs(Across The Great Divide,Unfaithful  Servant,King Harvest,Jawbone.) Many say Sgt.Pepper or Dark Side Of The  Moon,  but those albums have no funk,or fun in them! And I own and love  those albums! But &quot;Band&quot; is  a album I always come back to to  have fun,or to  seriously listen to.So please get this album for me!
068484267X|5.0|Bordering between horribly sad and extreemly funny and then back again and all the time keeping my attention as I followed young Frank through his life. Living in the Pacific Northwest of the USA I know cold and damp days. But what I have felt on my most miserable day here cannot compare to what  Frank McCourt has told in this tale of his childhood. <br />The style of  writing with the absence of quotation marks grabbed me also. Roddy Doyle  writes in a similar way and it's to me, refreshing to read this way.<br />I've  ordered the sequel &quot;'Tis&quot; which should arrive in a few days. I've  heard some rumbling from friends (and have read reveiws here) that it isn't  as good as &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot;. I'll have to see for myself.<br />This  one will stay with me for awhile.
0553213105|5.0|Wow!  What else do you say after you read such an incredible book?  Jane Austen's timeless characters like Elizabeth Bennett, Mr. Darcy, Miss Bingley(oh, don't you just love to hate her), Jane, etc. all add to this  intricately woven plot.  Elizabeth Bennett is arguably one of the most  complex characters ever written (well, Lucy Snowe of Villette wins the  prize).  This novel is an excellent example of Austen's literary power.  Her heroines are to be admired for they all dared to marry for love and not  for social status which so often happened to women in their predicament  back then.  You will laugh, you will cry, you will be angry, and above all,  you will fall in love with Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy.  However, don't stop  after Pride and Prejudice; read Sense and Sensibility, read Emma, read them  all. (It won't take long; she only wrote six- I was disappointed that there  weren't more) Jane Austen's work is incredible; the only fault I find is  that she has so many characters, it is difficult to keep up with them all.  Pride and Prejudice has to be read at least twice to catch everything and  everybody.  But it won't be a chore to read it again, more like opening a  treasure chest.
1573226521|5.0|I bought this book because of all the hype in the media about the film.  Generally speaking the book is always better than the film and and this book was brilliant.  Garland brings the characters to life and you find it  hard to believe that they don't acutally exist.  He gives a good insight  into the world of the backpacker and is knowledgable about different  culture without boring us to death.  I read this book in less than 3 days  and found it hard to put it down at night to go to sleep. For any of those  people who did Lord of the Flies at school there were definate  similarities.  Absolutely fantastic.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie is amazing!  It has the best animation I have ever seen.  Period.  When it was playing in my city, I enjoyed it so much that I went to see it twice in the same week.  The story is complex and entertaining.   The English dub isn't bad, in fact, compared to most Anime, its quite good.   However I'm still really hope that the DVD release has a subtitled version  as well as the dubbed version, and that they keep it in widescreen (most  DVDs are pretty good about that).  Anyway, thats about it...if you get a  chance to see this movie...don't pass it up.  You won't be disapointed!
6305546789|5.0|In 1978 a truely frightening movie came out in theatres.  It was this movie HALLOWEEN.  You see, nothing like this movie was ever released before in theatres.  The pure terror and horror that this movie had was not really  experienced in movie theatres before.  In 1978 this movie broke new ground  in Hollywood and imitations have been made ever since by horror/thrasher  movies, basing between 75% to 95% of the plot on this classic.  From Jamie  Lee Curtis to Donald Pleasence everyone in the movie did an outstanding job  portraying that horrifying night on October 31, 1978 in Haddonfield,  Illinois.  The music of John Carpenter is truely scary and I never did look  at a carving knife or a pumpkin the same way again.  Yes, Laurie Strode  there is a boogeyman and he will be back for you 20 years later.  A highly  recommended classic horror movie.
031286504X|5.0|The title says it all. The last days of the last man on Earth. Richard Matheson paints a pretty grim World, and of the conflicts of Robert Neville as he struggles to cope with the loss of his wife and child and of the rest  of the known world. Matheson expertly puts us in Neville's position and the  sadness and futily at times in overwelming. A superb testament to the  writing of one of the best writers of the 20th century. Buy it...buy it  today.
B000020617|5.0|Ok LISTEN UP...The new album from the Foo Fighters, entitled &quot;There is nothing left to lose&quot;, is one of the best albums of 99' If i don't say so myself. To write a follow up to their previous albums &quot;Foo  Fighters&quot; and &quot;The colour and the shape&quot;, would have to be  nothing short of bloomin' marvelous and as it turns out...yup you guessed  it, it is twice as good as that. With songs like &quot;Stacked  Actors&quot;, &quot;Generator&quot; and &quot;Learn to fly&quot;, this  album has to be in the top 10 of my greatest albums of all time list. But I  must say that the only dissapointing thing about his album is that, it  doesn't feature the track &quot;faternity&quot; that is featured on the  austrailian version of the album. But can't complain about that because the  rest of the album more than makes up for it. So here is a WELL DONE AGAIN!  To DAVE, NATE AND TAYLOR             CHEERS GUYS!
6305076634|5.0|The most fun you're likely to have with a musical. While not for everyone, I recommend this movie to anyone looking for something different and those who are just courious; SEE IT, but be open-minded. The soundtrack is great,  not a dull song in the whole movie. The actors are perfectly cast, Tim  curry is pure Dynamite as the out-of-this-world bisexual transvestite Dr.  Frank N. Furter, and Susan Sarandon is Gloriously Sexy as Janet. SEE this  movie, you'll either fall in love with it, or left wondering what is this  weird thing on screen, it's worth a viewing (or five) anyway!
0684857219|5.0|This book is great for any amateur bodybuilder looking for quality information on training, diet, and competitions.  All the basics are covered in this work of art.  It will get anyone motivated to get in to  shape!  Nevertheless, if you have experience in bodybuilding, and have been  lifting for six months or even six years it will spark up your motivation  to a new high.
B000023VR6|4.0|OK i was reading through these reviews and some of the people are right. it is kinda weak in some points. FIRST OF ALL XXXPLOSIVE is the tightest song and i dont care what anyone else has to say. that being said, on with  the review. as another reviewer mentioned, the reason why it did not get a  5 from me is the fact that the beginning of the cd is tight, but towards  the end, the songs start getting weaker. its still a MUST BUY. this is the  tightest cd out right now. nothing out right now can touch this. Jay-z's cd  is alright, because it has a song with dre on it. but his beats are like  BLAH right now. so go get both of these cats' albums.
0446525537|5.0|I loved this one.  I sayt down and read it cover to cover in a little over two hours and was surprised at how much emotion I had during the reading.  The story will keep you interested and wanting more...  By far the best of the three.
B00001NFCY|5.0|After hearing the song &quot;higher&quot; on the radio, I knew I had to get this album. I'm glad that I bought this album because it has over 55 minutes of great, non-stop music. I like the grunge sound of all of the  songs too. This album will appeal to STP, Pearl Jam, and Soundgarden fans,  but at the same time, this album does not copy the bands at all. I like  &quot;What If&quot; and &quot;Higher&quot;, I think that these are the two  best songs on the album. But the other 9 songs are wonderful, too. So I  reccommend that everyone should buy this album.
B0000024R8|4.0|This first Bob Dylan album sets the tone for the 60's folk movement. Many of these songs were later recorded by artist like Led Zeppelin (In My Time Of Dying) and the Animals (House Of The Rising Sun), but these versions  have the feeling that is needed. Dylan is very raw for his first album and  he didn't write all the songs, but his choice of songs is stunning. Three  songs that I highly recommend are &quot;Talkin New York&quot;, &quot;Song  To Woody&quot; and &quot;See That My Grave Is Kept Clean&quot;&gt; They  will absolutely move you want more by this talented and very important  artist.
B000002UDV|5.0|Take away comparisons to the Beatles and you've got an album here that just says &quot;I feel good about life!I'm not sure about everything but I feel good about it&quot;It's very serious,deep and emotional music given by  a man who was and I suppose still is very emotional.Brian Wilson was full  of love and a positive vibe around this time and it shows through here.This  would be,for all intents and purposes,his last great hoorah.And what a  finish!The listener is taken to a mystical ethereal place where young  &quot;unsuredness&quot; is expressed in the most lovingly imagined way  through a musical genious.I feel like saying what another review said:  &quot;Listen,listen,listen.....to his heart..beat.&quot;
0780628551|2.0|The biggest problem of the film is, that there are no new ideas in the story. There are a lot of holes you can't ignore, a lot of incidents you can predict. The Ending too is not very surprising. Most of all, I ask  myself why the things that happen are so bad. What is so bad about the  twins? I couldn't find anything. For me is a lot senseless. But there are  also good things in the movie: Johnny Depp and Charlize Theron are great  (as usual). They made me forget that there were so many bad things about  the film. There are also a lot of exciting scenes, that have the right  tempo. But all in all, I wouldn't recommand &quot;The Astronaut's  Wife&quot; to my friends. Only the actors save the day.
6305750750|5.0|The overall impression I have is that this film will go down as one of the most brilliant visual effects movies ever.  As a fan of Star Wars, I marvel at how George Lucas' vision is translated in an art form.  Mr. Lucas has  created something very special in this film in that he was able to use his  very creative imagination to his fullest.  Yes, I will agree that the  dialogue in the movie can be sketchy at times, but it didn't bother me in  The Phantom Menace.  I do like good writing in films, but Mr. Lucas writes  what he wants to with the story or stories, HE creates.  The action  sequences are memorable, especially with Darth Maul and the two Jedi and  John Williams' electrifying music to go along with it.  No matter how bad  most people think it is, it should be nominated for some Academy Awards.   I'm thinking:  Visual Effects, Costume Design, Makeup, Sound, Sound Effects  Editing, and Art Direction.  The expectations were way too high for most  people and I for one looked at it as a different movie with different  characters and different stories.  Star Wars: Episode I-The Phantom Menace  will be hailed as a technological breakthrough and a continuing tradition  through Industrial Light &amp; Magic, which is primarily responsible for  most of the special effects in movies today.  Companies have spun off from  ILM with its influence.  I just love the movie and anticipate it on DVD in  the coming years.
6304457383|5.0|this movie is absolutely brilliant.  audrey is great, as are all the other actors.  the plot is engaging and i would recommend this to anyone.  it is a must see for audrey hepburn fans and otherwise.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is ABSOLUTELY the BEST album I have EVER heard! The music and lyrics are INCREDIBLY good, I have never heard anything like it (though Silverchair comes close with Neon Ballroom)! My favourite songs on the  album are Wash away those years, With arms wide open and Faceless Man, but  that doesn't mean the other songs aren't BRILLIANT as well! If you haven't  bought this album yet, buy it NOW, because this album is a MUST!
B00001ODGR|4.0|I liked this D.V.D. a lot but when I run it in 5.1 surround I don't here anything on the center channel. I recently picked up another copy that suffered from the same problem. Oh well, It's still an excellent disc. A  total 70's, 80's flashback.
6304913176|3.0|Let's not beat around the bush here- this is not a good movie. It's bad. In fact, very bad. However, it's bad in a good way. I'll explain:<br />There is, in my opinion, such a thing as a good bad movie. What is a good bad  movie? Well . . . you'll know it when you see it. Unlike bad bad movies,  you actually enjoy a good bad movie. You just enjoy it for all of the wrong  reasons. &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; is the ultimate bad movie.<br />Based  on the classic sci-fi novel by Robert Heinlen, Troopers is the story of a  group of soldiers sent to fight on another planet against a bunch of really  big and nasty bugs. I have never read the novel personally, but I hear from  those who have that Heinlen's portrayal of what space combat would be like  in the future is totally butchered by the film's producers who opted for a  lower-tech (and probably easier to film) look to the Troopers weaponry. The  problem is hard to overcome. This may be the future, and these guys may be  fighting from spaceships in orbit, but they are equipped with weaponry that  looks like it was used in WW2. I also sense that the book's ending was more  interesting than here, which was clearly designed to set up a series of  some sort.<br />Where did this movie fail? The script phase is a pretty good  place to point the finger. It's nothing short of terrible. Cliched  dialogue, overdone lines, a weird story structure, etc. The  Archie-Betty-Veronica character dynamic between Johnny, Dizzy and Carmen at  the start of the film was pretty silly too. It's hard to regard a movie as  a serious exploration of warfare when the actors seem like they are reading  lines for &quot;Beverly Hills 90210&quot;. It's also hard to take a movie  seriously when you get to see male and female soldiers showering  together.<br />Acting? Michael Ironside and Clancy Brown are both good in  supporting roles as the troopers' commander and drill sergeant,  respectively. Everyone else? Well, this is not a film which will spawn many  acting careers. Denise Richards? I'll give her this- she looks good in a  tanktop. Darn good. Otherwise, the less said the better. Dina Meyer? Casper  Van Diem? Neil Patrick Harris? I've seen them in better roles. <br />I feel  bad for Paul Verhoven too. He's a good director. He deserves a better  script than this.<br />Music is fine. Basil Poleduris did a brilliant score  for &quot;The Hunt For Red October&quot; and his music does a wonderful job  complimenting the action scenes.<br />But do not get me wrong. I enjoyed  &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; immensely. It was a great movie in some  respects, just for all of the wrong reasons.
0767802772|5.0|This movie was great.  I absolutely loved it that I thought that maybe it could happen to me, so I rushed in and am now married to the man of my dreams.
0780624890|3.0|i gave blade a 3 because of the excesive cursing.I usualy dont have a problem with that but blade just seemed to bother me.The violence is extreme with vampires blowing up into blood and being melted by light  etc.DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH GORE!blade wasnt  that great.If you want an auwsome movie you can really enjoy,than go rent  matrix.ITS A HELLUVA LOT BETTER.
B00000JZC4|5.0|In 1994, Filter unexpectedly jumped onto the scene with the hit single, &quot;Hey Man Nice Shot&quot; and as a direct result, their debut album Short Bus had sales near platinum. Short Bus was an intriguing, interesting  piece of work that lacked varied sounds and any substantial depth or risk  in terms of sound or song structure.   1999's Title of Record finds Filter  expanding its sound to new leaps and bounds, adding in hints of  psychedelia, electronica and other sounds and the end result clearly yields  better, deeper songs. Songs such as &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot;,  &quot;It's Gonna Kill Me&quot; and &quot;I Will Lead You&quot; carry much  of the same riff-intensive bluster like much of what was found on Short Bus  on tracks such as &quot;Dose&quot;, &quot;Take Another&quot; and  &quot;Consider This&quot; but with greater attention to melody and  cohesiveness. Filter also branches out to new territory with songs like  &quot;Skinny&quot;, &quot;Captain Bligh&quot;, &quot;I'm Not the Only  One&quot;, &quot;The Best Things&quot;, &quot;Cancer&quot; and, of course,  the single of the moment, &quot;Take a Picture&quot;. Both  &quot;Skinny&quot; and &quot;Take a Picture&quot; feature intricate use of  the acoustic guitar, and &quot;The Best Things&quot; finds the band  combining the sounds of the Chemical Brothers and STP for a very cool, fast  paced, room-shaking rock song.   As a whole, the songs, though varied from  the hard driving rock of &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot;, the slow-build up  of &quot;Cancer&quot; to the Radiohead-esque crooning of &quot;I'm Not the  Only One&quot; and &quot;Miss Blue&quot; flow together quite well. Though  indelable singles like &quot;Take a Picture&quot; may confine this band to  a radio-ready novelty act(let's hope not), the newfound depth and  songwriting exhibited here is quite a pleasant surprise.   Title Of Record  may be unworthy to be placed alongside records such as &quot;Play&quot; by  Moby or &quot;Battle of Los Angeles&quot; by RATM(arguably the two best  albums of the year) in terms of 1999 masterpieces, but it still remains is  one thorough, diverse piece of art worth checking out.
6305627347|5.0|This is the funniest movie I've ever seen!  Cartman,Stan,Kyle, and Kenny are back, and they just get ruder by the second!  I'm a die-hard South Park fan and and I reccomend this movie to anyone that likes South  Park! <br />Even the tiniest things are funny: From Cartman singing the  hilarious song about Kyles Mum(then discovering that she heard him), to  Satan and Saddam hussein's erm... unusual relationship! <br />You'll laugh,  you'll cry, an you'll wet your pants!
630575067X|2.0|When I went to see the movie, I had high expectations.  I hadenjoyed the first three films and thought this would be as good. I wassadly disapointed. The only good thing in the whole movie was the pod racing scene. It had better effects, but lacked the same plot, suspence and character that the three older films had.
0822203073|2.0|I have only one thing to say about this story...I thought it was plain STUPID!  What is it with people's obsession's with Anne Frank anyway?  Her diary is one of the most BORING stories I have ever read. There is nothing appealing about Anne's story. She focuses only on herself and  barely explains any of the characters. Overall, this was an AWFUL book and  Anne had no impact on me whatsoever.
0060194995|5.0|i first read this book in high school.  After i read it the first time i read it again! this book was simply amazing Harper Lee write a story with all the important pieces that make To Kill a Mokingbid great.  Read this book!
6303159966|2.0|I enjoyed the novel, I really did, but this film is just awful. All the scenes are abrubt and the dialogue is choppy.It was like reading the novel with only a quarter of the events and one eigth of the believability. I  can't believe I kept this movie for some many days past its due date. The  best actor has got to be the director, who actually convinced a company  that he was competent of directing a film. I'm not a harsh horror critic,  im a big fan in fact, but this is just unconvincing and bad. Read the book,  but leave it at that. Your imagination way outdoes this film.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|i got this cd because all my friends told me it rocked i listened to them and bought it it was one of the best investments i have made(literally) tom morello is the best guatarist i have ever heard. By the way check out born  of a broken man it is a Phat song!
0767802519|5.0|I have just watched the DVD, having owned the VHS short and long versions since the L&eacute;on came out.<br />The picture quality is first rate and the sound has really benefitted from the DD 5.1.<br />The only extras are the theatrical  trailers, I was dissapointed to see no background info (in the style of the  books that Besson released over here).<br />The film remains as masterful as  ever, I just wish they would release the long version on DVD.
B000002UCE|5.0|This is the BEST cd i've ever heard.  Yes OVER-ALL some of the tracks are - sub par.  but Jealous Guy, How Do You Sleep, and IMAGINE make up for ANY and all losses!  Buy this album!  IT BELONGS in ANY &quot;Music  conniseurs&quot; collection!
B000002H97|5.0|I can only type 1000 words?Damn!This album is pretty much their best album.(duh) Metallica is, was, and may always be the greatest metal band around.I dont care if they sold out.I dont think anyone should care.They  still have too much talent to be on the same charts as these modern pop  bands.Had they not sold out, they would not be as popular today.Before this  album, they were the measure of any metal band. The Black album wrote a new  book. They will continue to write their book. Metallica's effect on music  will live forever.Limp bizkit, korn, kid rock, rage against the machine,  and any other part of this no-talent modern hick-hop genre will be  forgotten.
6303617719|5.0|I loved this movie. I read the review and I couldn't disagree more!  There was a definite chemistry between Meg Ryan and Kevin Kline. This is an excellent example of how theatrical reviewers expect too much from a movie.  This was a funny and satisfying love story, not Ghandi. That's why I'm  adding it to my home video collection.
630027179X|5.0|While I know virtually nothing about the whole Arthur legend, this movie was fascinating a captivating nonetheless.<br />It's got amazing battle and siege scenes with plenty of swordfighting and gore to please anyone, but it  also keeps to relevant areas of the plot.  Even so, it takes 2.5 hours, but  it's succinctly told, so you don't feel like you're drudging through a  never-ending bore.<br />I feel that one of the most important aspects of any  movie is the music.  This one does an amazing job.  From the eerie  frightening music when the Lady of the Lake appears to the renderings of  the epic &quot;O Fortuna&quot; when they are riding off to battle, this  movie has an absolutely grand score.<br />The acting is good, if a little  awkward at times, as are the character development and the humor.  I also  noticed a lot of familiar faces looking a lot younger.  There was Liam  Neeson, Patrick Stewart with some hair, and I'm not sure but I think I  recognized Gabriel Byrne.<br />Although not terribly historically accurate in  terms, this is a very good movie.  The only other King Arthur movie which  is this good is Monty Python and the Holy Grail.  Very Highly Recommended,  and at a great price.
630280082X|4.0|Ralph Macchio has little or no talent in this movie,  not very convincing as a classical or blues musician.  With his aspirations of playing with the best blues man in the world,  it makes for some zany times with this film.   The story line was decent,  but the dialouge and the overall execution was  not that good.  The only really reason that makes this film worth watching  is the amazing duel between Ry Cooder and guitar prodgiy Steve Vai, where  Vai does some amazing tapping, a classical peice, and a riff that would  later structure his song 'Bad Horsie' from album 'Alien Love Secrets'.  But  then again,  I am a Vai fan,  so it may not be for casual viewers.
1573225517|5.0|Yes, Nick Hornby's &quot;High Fidelity&quot; is--I believe--a perfect novel. Perfect in the sense that it hits all the right notes in its rhapsody about the foibles of becoming a man. &quot;High Fidelity&quot; soars from the beginning and ends with a heartwarming flourish so true that  it is at once painful and comforting. In Rob, Hornby fashions a complex,  likable yet boorish character that almost every man--gay or straight--can  empathize with. Once the dust begins to settle on the decade that was the  '90's, &quot;High Fidelity&quot; will emerge as the quintessential  chronicle of life and love in the time of grunge.
1573226521|5.0|I read this book 2 1/2 years ago, before there was any mention of a movie. when I started reading this, I couldn't believe how accurate his depictions of the backpacker culture were. I felt , whilst reading this I could have  written it myself as I had travelled the exact route Richard had 3 years  earlier.His experiences were identicalto mine for the first half of the  book. I loved his characterizations.I'm sure we all know some of those  characters.I felt this book was written with such honesty,that I'm sure  some of us have thought the thoughts of Richard before. An excellent read.  I have been telling anyone who will listen to read this book for  years.Anyone of the Generation X will empathise with this character.I saw  the movie this week and I was quite pleased with how it turned out,although  the nationality switch of Richard was disappointing and I feel they played  safe with the portrayal of Richard,in that as soon as he started showing  his madness they pulled the character back. The performances were  commendable &amp; I think Leonardo did a good job although he wouldn't have  been my first choice, Robert Carlyle was superb as usual. The saddest part  was that they butchered the ending, Hollywood couldn't resist the Happily  Ever After!
B00001W9G0|5.0|As Compared Nowadays Love Story, This Gave Me An Impression That Love Was, Is, Will Be Forever And Continued. Needless To Say Again About The Talent Of Main Actress And Actor,Barbra Will Remain As A Lover For Everyone  Forever.<br />Actually I Shared A Similar Experience Just Like Between Them. I  Almost Had What I Wanted Relatively Easily, But My Ex-Partner Got A  Deferatedly life. We Also Had A First Meeting At Our Campus As Medical And  Art Student. She Couln't Take An Easy Time In Our School Days. We  Unfortunately Made A Parallel Life Between Us, Finally We Had To Say  &quot;Good-Bye&quot; After 2 Years.<br />If You Had A Similar Experience Like  Us, I Guarantee That Catch Your Mind!
0783226691|1.0|To say this picture is stupid is to over rate it! I don't understand why such stars would lend their names to a script that must have been written by a committee of dum dums.
B00001W9G0|5.0|As Compared Nowadays Love Story, This Gave Me An Impression That Love Was, Is, Will Be Forever And Continued. Needless To Say Again About The Talent Of Main Actress And Actor,Barbra Will Remain As A Lover For Everyone  Forever.<br />Actually I Shared A Similar Experience Just Like Between Them. I  Almost Had What I Wanted Relatively Easily, But My Ex-Partner Got A  Deferatedly life. We Also Had A First Meeting At Our Campus As Medical And  Art Student. She Couln't Take An Easy Time In Our School Days. We  Unfortunately Made A Parallel Life Between Us, Finally We Had To Say  &quot;Good-Bye&quot; After 2 Years.<br />If You Had A Similar Experience Like  Us, I Guarantee That Catch Your Mind!
6301208773|5.0|If high voltage gunfights teamed with snappy one-liners and explosive action backed by a multi-million dollar production are your idea of a good action movie, then this one's your cup of tea.  We all know the  story...lone good guy versus tons of bad guys in a Los Angeles highrise,  with only balls and banter at his side.  Of course, this is the one that  set the standard for just about any big hollywood block buster action flick  for years to come, the only things that changed were the locations (witness  Under Siege and the double threat of Die Hard sequels).  I'm not  particularly a fan of American action movies, but this one's just plain  awesome.  Alan Rickman, as Hans, is the best movie villain since Darth  Vader.
B00000JCB2|1.0|&quot;scores of people seem to be oblivious of the fact that this is THE MOST ORIGINALE ALBUM in years.&quot;   No.   &quot;First, Fred has the highest male vocal variety.&quot;                     No. You must have  never heard a talented male vocalist before.<br />&quot;lyrics just scream  with the 1999 reality.&quot;<br />No.   &quot;Guys, get real, this is the  best, most original, no-nonsense album in years.&quot;<br />No. If you can't  appreciate good musicianship buy this album.
B000044U4B|5.0|Ride The Lightning, is Metallica's second best album in my opinion. Only second to Master Of Puppets. The DCC Gold disc offers a more audiophille-like approach to CD mastering (as opposed to the original RTL CD release). One can tell a slight difference in sound quality with a careful ear. But it's not that much difference to warrant paying the extra price for finding such a rare disc.
079073804X|1.0|All my life I have heard about &quot;The Exorcist&quot; and how terrifying it was. I recently bought it on dvd and was very disappointed. There were only a couple of interesting scenes involving Linda Blair. The rest was  very boring. This movie was probably seen as scary when it first came out,  but anyone my age who is 18-24 and grew up watching &quot;A Nightmare on  Elm Street&quot;, &quot;Hellraiser&quot;, &quot;Phantasm&quot;, etc, will  not like this movie. Im not saying that a horror movie has to be very  graphic, because I do like the lesss graphic movies like Bram Stoker's  Dracula and the original Frankenstein, but The Exorcist is not worth your  money if you are looking for a good scare. The Exorcist is honestly the  most boring movie I have ever seen. If you really want to be scared, check  out the Phantasm series- particularly part 3.
6304578458|5.0|Grosse Pointe Blank is one of the least publicized yet most enjoyable movies of the 1990's. John Cusack deserves praise for his script as well as his acting.  The casting was well thought out and the chemistry between  John Cusack and Minnie Driver made the movie entertaining.  The dialogue  was humorous and quirky and the music gave the film more of an upbeat feel.   This movie is a must see for movie fans who are looking for something out  of the ordinary.
B000002C4J|4.0|Not the album, the review below me! The reviewer must be listening to Korn or something like that. Celine is fabulous! Her voice pierces you all right, but in a good way!
B000002PB2|5.0|Night Ranger is one of the very few Exceptional bands of the 80's. They truly were one of the bands that defined an era of history that can never be matched again.  The songs &quot;Night Ranger&quot;, &quot;Sing me  away&quot;,&quot;At night she sleeps&quot; And &quot;Don't tell me you love  me&quot;  Define the album and the bands style. Night Ranger will always be  a legendary band that was unique and could bring different musical styles  and types and combine it to make a sound all their own. Only one other band  was able to do that and pull it off and that was E.L.O But if you truly  want a CD that will give you a tremendous experience and be a great listen.  Get this Disc.......
0449227545|2.0|I agree with many of the comments stated thus far; this was not one of Follett's better novels.  The storyline is interesting, but he focuses too much on unnecessary subplots (eg the sexual deprivation of a main character). It reads very much like a script from the latest (insert  Big-Name-Actor here) action movie, which is not  bad in-and-of-itself but I  expected more after reading some of his other novels. If this is the first  Follett novel you've experienced do yourself a favor and read The Pillars  of the Earth...I guarantee that you will not be disappointed as it is  fantastic.
B000002UA9|5.0|After two hit singles(Love Me Do &amp; Please,Please Me which eventually became the albums title track) an album was inevitible.But since The Beatles didn't have the  clout for even a  budget sized production,this  album was recorded in one day.In these days of artist spending millions,and  taking years to complete an album,PPM is amazing in the fact that they  practically banged this one out and 37 years later dispite many rough  edges,it still sounds fresh.Another amazing facet was that 60% of the album  was self composed,especially at a time when musical acts recorded other  writers songs suggested by their producer.This was essentially their stage  show in the studio,where they even topped it off with their no holds barred  performance of Twist &amp; Shout.The originals(especially I Saw Her  Standing There,Ask Me Why,PS I Love You,&amp; Do You Want To Know A Secret)  follow up on the precedent that the two aforementioned lead singles had  set.The cover songs aren't no slouches either(the sweet Anna,Boys,A Taste  Of Honey and of course Twist &amp; Shout).Some of todays mainstream music  listeners may be put of by the rough edges,flubbed notes and shaky  vocals,but its those flaws that give PPM its charm.
B000001Y79|4.0|I've had this CD for ages now and just recently began to listen to it again. I'd forgotten what a decent album it is.
B000002UAC|5.0|On my 16th birthday back in the 80's,I recieved The Beatles Collection,A box set containing the original twelve albums in their British configuration(on vinyl even)thus even before the first wave of CD  releases,I was weaned on these versions.The US release Meet The Beatles(the  difference being the inclusion of the With The Beatles originals,Till There  Was You,I Saw Her Standing There,and the I Want To Hold Your Hand/This Boy  single)was once called the soundtrack to Beatlemania.A little more snappier  than its British counterpart,but it doesn't give you a full picture.With  The Beatles continued the progression of the group as a well oiled unit.The  rough edges of Please,Please Me are smoothed out and the  originals(especially All My Loving,I Wanna Be Your Man,&amp; It Won't Be  Long) display a much needed injection of confidence.The covers displays the  group as versitile stylist(from the rockers Roll Over,Beethoven,Money and  the Music Man's Till There Was You).Even George's melencholy Don't Bother  Me shows he's on the right track(especially with later songs like  Taxman,While My Guitar.. and Something).Most acts rest on they're laurals  after a success like PPM, but WTB shows that this is another stepping stone  to the next level of success.
B00003CXAT|2.0|I Keep reading how original this concept was,It's west World with dynosaurs.typical Spielberg mind candy.
B000002UAF|5.0|Well it was Paul's grandfather of course.  (He's very clean). It's hard not to feel the excitement that was Beatlemania coming through on this recording.  It came at a time when society's attitudes were beginning to  change from the staid 50's and sluggish early 60's. (How many teeny-boppers  who saw the film in '64 wondered why John Lennon was sniffing a Coke  bottle?).  Although this album is a light-hearted and fun-filled collection  of songs, that doesn't diminish its importance as a watershed recording in  rock and roll history.  This is the album that arguably kicked off the  &quot;swinging sixties&quot; as well as establishing a standard for rock  groups to write and perform their own material.  &quot;A Hard Day's  Night&quot;  is a recording that deserves 5 stars not only because of its  importance in rock and roll but for the album's cohesiveness as well  as  the vibrancy of the music still to this day.  It is, in the truest sense of  the word, classic.  (&quot;Hey mister, can we have our ball back!&quot;)
B00000IPAX|5.0|So what did i think about blink 182's new cd? IT ROCKED!  they could not have come better in my opinion and i loved all the songs
B00001PE4D|5.0|You must buy this film. It has one of the best DvD featuresaround and that's not even to do with the film (there's loads todo). If you don't buy it in DVD then buy or even rent the movie. The acting is superb and the plot is constantly changing at every turn. The characters and their emotions are constanly changing, the acting is brill. This film has comedy and drama, Cecile is the most hilarous character ever and I loved to hate both Kathryn and Sebastin (RP is so cute! ) but I didn't like Annette. The soundtrack is fantastic even without the movie. The ending I believed should have been different but even though. Dialogue is great and funny. There is more than just sex in it (which parents don't seem to understand! ) (infact there's hardly any nudity and the thing is that there is suggestiveness of sexual stuff) Don't miss this once in a lifetime outstanding film, which provides a modern translation of the ideas of Dangerous Liasions for modern day teens.
1573301183|5.0|This is refrence quality material. The audio &amp; video is subperb. Listen to this with 5.1 &amp; the house rocks!
1573226521|5.0|So, you are planning to buy this book? well, then you shoulsn be reading this, you should already been buying it Do it now. Do it and you will see Dont even think of watching the film first.
0792839730|4.0|Cornelius Ryan is a legendary writer of the history of World War II.  Sometimes ponderous, this movie faithfully reproduces a battle that is little known to most Americans.  Most people lose perspective and have  never learned of the major battles between D-Day and V.E. Day.  The  exception is the Battle of the Bulge.  The movie explores the situation on  many levels, looking at common soldiers, the division between Montgomery  and Patton, the courage of airborne forces, the leadership of many of the  same generals that led the D-Day invasion, and the trials of fate.  The  movie hilights the bond between the British and the Americans.  Two  countries that have always stepped up to right wrong at great sacrifice.   Poignant also is the participation of the Poles and their commitment to  liberate Europe even as their own country was trading German oppression  with Soviet oppression.  The all-star cast is top notch.  In the days when  epic movies do not keep the attention of viewers, this movie is an  exception.  The sadness one feels as the Allies are eventually stopped in  what has become a futile effort is mitigated by the knowledge that the  allies would eventually win.
6305426651|5.0|As I watched this movie I was laughing my head off, but one thought was going across my mind: &quot;How could they portray the most evil time in human history with such levity&quot;. The people in the concentration camp  didn't lose weight, nor did they seem to suffer much in the movie.  I  thought that this movie did injustice to the survivors.  Until the very end  of the movie. When the movie finally reveals from who's point of view this  movie was being told the whole weight of the movie hit me, and hit me hard.  One man's undying love for his wife and dedication for his child move me to  burst out in tears when it was finally revealed who's story that was.  This  is the most incredible and most loving story I have ever heard. As this  movie shows and reminds again; in a man's life his father is the greatest  hero.
B000002LRX|5.0|It's really hard to describe how great this album is but I think all previous reviews here are a good way to start.  This has to be the most underrated album in history that slipped through the cracks.  I loved FNM's  &quot;The Real Thing&quot; CD, but was disappointed with &quot;King For A  Day...&quot; and waited until recently to finally buy &quot;Angel  Dust&quot;.  I can't believe what I missed.  Incredible!
6303140157|5.0|This movie was totally great and if you pass up a chance to see it, you've made a bad mistake!  It was great, but most of all,the music just lifts your spirits and makes you want to dance!  Whoopi Goldberg is absoulutley  fantastic in this film.  She is hysterically funny!  Like I said, don't  miss this EXCELLENT movie!
B000002AGE|5.0|Sure, talking heads abound.  The reason real-life working musicians (like myself) cherish this album is obvious.  We understood that this band was breaking new ground and we paid attention.  Volumes could easily be written  about this album. Give it a listen.  This is what &quot;good&quot; sounds  like.
0875845851|5.0|This is a fascinating and frightening book for anyone who works in an industry where a product can become obsolete quickly. Christensen uses computer disk drives to tell his story, but the principle is basic. Public  companies can't afford to abandon profitable old technologies for newer  generation products, but will lose market share later if they don't.  Christensen provides all the graphs and tables you could want to make his  point.
0767805712|5.0|This movie is extraordinary. It's filled with beautiful symbolism of the human will, the plot is supurb, and the acting is top-notch. I myself like sci fi...but that is not the reason I liked this movie at all...in  fact...the movie isn't really much of a sci fi film to begin with. I have  seen this film several times...and I can not find any flaws in it  whatsoever...everything is perfectly fit together.
B00002Z88D|5.0|S &amp; M is a great 2 CD album for anyone. If you are a heavy Metallica fan, then S &amp; M will very well complement your collecion. It is also great for new fans, if you don't want to go buy all their albums then this  is perfect for you. It has a list of great songs: &quot;Call of the  Ktulu&quot;, &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;The  Memory Remains&quot;, &quot;No Leaf Clover (new)&quot;, &quot;Devil's  Dance&quot;, &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, &quot;Until It Sleeps&quot;,  &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;, &quot;- Human (new)&quot;,  &quot;Wherever I May Roam&quot;, &quot;One&quot;, &quot;Enter  Sandman&quot;, and &quot;Battery&quot;. My favorite of them is &quot;Master  of Puppets&quot; well buy it, now!
B000003TAR|4.0|I first heard this album around 1995 and i bought it a couple of days after i heard it i still play it most days still.If you like Nevermind or any of Nirvana's Album or even the first Foo Fighters album buy this you  won't be dissapointed.
B000022TSV|5.0|The music and acting were supurb.  I have seen and loved this opera many, many times.  I was not expecting much when I bought the DVD -- I was really suprised how wonderful it was.  In addition to the wonderful voices, I  loved the setting in which it was filmed.
B000002MP2|4.0|This is Dookie just as good as nimrod but a bit more punkier if you like that sort of thing i know i do. With the most famous song Basket Case on the album and the song She you can't go wrong with buying this album.
B00003BDXG|4.0|Oliver Stone's &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; stands alone as not only a good film, but as a message to the viewers about how they should feel about violence.  Although it might be self-contradictory in that it &quot;adds to  the problem&quot;, as well as Stone's belonging to the media, which was the  film's sole source of attack, &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; had a  positive influence on me.  It shocked me not merely for it's violence,  which is very extreme, but because of how little people notice how deeply  they are interested in it.  My original intention for renting &quot;Natural  Born Killers&quot; was to see how violent it really was.  I found something  terribly violent, but I also found that the film was about how attracted  people are towards violence, and that pointed out something I never knew  about myself.  I wanted to see violence!  From then on, I've had a  different opinion about violence.  In terms of the quality of this DVD, it  could be better.  For one thing, there's not much difference from the tape  set and the DVD, with the exceptions of a 5.1 soundtrack, audio commentary,  and a Nine Inch Nails music video that is missing on the DVD, but is  included on the tape.  The biggest drawback is that the DVD is not  anamorphically enhanced.  For a brand new DVD, anamorphic enhancement  should be a must.  The transfer is derived from the letterboxed edition  used to make the laserdisc and the tape, which has some faults in it.  One  restored shot in the director's cut is in fullscreen, and then it reverts  back to widescreen.  After seeing this on the tape, I expected it to be  fixed on the DVD, but it wasn't.  Also, they could've at least included a  collecter's booklet of sorts, but that too was missing.  I suppose that the  DVD is the best version available, but for a special edition DVD, they  forgot a lot of things.
B000002N2P|3.0|This is Insominac Green Day have somehow let themselves down a little bit here because the record starts off drownish and luckly gets better as the record get's up to 86 now this is when it changes and you get all the cool  punk stuff anyway if you are a die hard Green Day fan buy this now but if  you are a regular joe who is just trying out Green Day for the first time  go to better records like Dookie or Nimrod.
0790729628|4.0|I personally like the director's cut better.  It is missingHarrison Ford's narration which, quite frankly, stated the obvious,and it removes the corny happy ending that distorts the overall tone of the film, which was supposed to be dark and dismal.  It might also help you to know that a shot of Deckard dreaming of a unicorn was also included in the director's cut, hinting Deckard's existence as a replicant at the conclusion of the film.  People say that editors have power over all, but &quot;Blade Runner: The Director's Cut&quot; is Ridley Scott's version.  I'll have you know that Ridley Scott strongly objected to the version of &quot;Blade Runner&quot; released in 1982. The narration and ending was added in by Warner Bros. executives, hoping to get a better reception from audiences.  Both the narration and the ending ruined the film's artistic qualities, and it ruined &quot;Blade Runner&quot; by preventing it from being the film it was supposed to be, which is a thinking man's sci-fi film.  Better still, it is missing the bits of violence included on the original videotape release(a shot of Roy Batty pushing Tyrell's eyes back into his head), which I felt, ruined the overall enjoyment of the film.  I was annoyed at the lack of extras on this DVD, as well as the sound, which is a standard Dolby Surround track.  But the picture quality makes up for everything.  Thanks to anamorphic enhancement, which allows an incredible amount of detail into the picture, &quot;Blade Runner&quot; now looks better than ever!  I'm suprised people were dissapointed in it.  I would give this DVD 5 stars, had they included extras of any kind.  That annoyed me, yes, but the picture quality is stunning.  I heard that they are preparing a special edition of &quot;Blade Runner&quot; for DVD.  That would be great, although I am quite content with the existing version.  I also heard they are preparing a special edition of Ridley Scott's &quot;Legend&quot;.  It was torture watching the Americanversion, and would be more than happy to see Scott's vision of what the film should be!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I have been a Metallica fan since fourth grade, and I've been captivated ever since that first time I heard &quot;One&quot;.  Now, they have brought into reality what i have played over in my head a million times (yes, i am  a classical fan as well) and i have to say it blew me away! the voilins and  trumpets and chellos added so much depth to the music i thought i would  fall in. Some say that Metallica sold out and their fans blindly follow  because of Mainstream media influence...uh, hello? what media?  MTV is  playing rap all day and gives the guys a half hour special with Carson  Daily when a new album comes out.  We listen to Metallica because  Metallicas great, and so is this album. Buy it. Now.
1573226521|5.0|you need to read it !  it's really great and the best book so far for the generation X like they call us. I kept taking it again after putting it down at 2h30 AM with work at 7 the next morning... you can stop reading it,  but I didn't wanted it to end, as I was so much into the characters and the  story. I haven't seen the movie yet, but, I already have a movie of this  story in my head, thanks to Garland's wonderful way of writing. Do I need  to say more ?...order it right now !
0393317552|4.0|Many years ago a New Guinea native asked Jared Diamond a simple question: \\"Why is it that you white people developed so much cargo and brought it to New Guinea, but we black people had little cargo of our own?\\"  Only  slightly rephrased, Diamond devotes this book to answering the question  why, from the depths of the primeval forests of Africa, mankind emerged at  different rates, some achieving the heights of civilization and technology  while others remained virtually in the Stone Age?  And why did people on  some continental landmasses prosper while people on others lagged behind,  especially because some locations, like the California Coast, are mild and  desirable while others, like Northern Europe are harsh and  forbidding?<br />Diamond's thesis is that some populations got a head start  over others in the development of civilization.  But the head start  resulted from favorable geography and natural resources, not from any  innate superiority.  Given the same location and advantages, any group of  people over time would have reached the same result.  The first beneficiary  of geography happened to be the Fertile Crescent.  The \\"cradle of  civilization\\" not only had all five major large mammals (sheep, goats,  cattle, pigs, and horses) available for domestication, but they also  possessed the major wild seed groups that would become domesticated grain  and cereals.  Not all areas are so favorably endowed. <br />Once hunting and  gathering gave way to food production, population density took hold, which  in turn made possible civic development and technology.  The head start  then spread roughly along the same parallel east to Asia and west to  Europe.  Diamond contrasts Eurasia's wide girth and similar climates with  America's and Africa's narrow waist and elongated longitude.  Technology  and culture can shuttle back and forth vast distances between east and  west, but climatic zone differences as well as mountain ranges and deserts  inhibit flows north and south.  <br />I have two criticisms of the book.  One,  it has no footnotes so that one can source out the author's materials.  For  example, on page 108 Diamond asserts that early man, because of his ego,  would rather hunt giraffes than gather nuts.  Is that theory his, or  someone else's?    The very nature of a book such as \\"Guns, Germs, and  Steel\\" requires that it pile theory upon theory to make a picture puzzle of  a distant and hidden past.  If key pieces don't fit, the picture may take a  decidedly Cubist theme.  A few footnotes would help the reader who wants to  delve deeper into a topic.  <br /> <br /> The second criticism is the author's  failure to address the role of human intelligence in the development of  civilization.  Considering the grief Charles Murray took into for writing  \\"The Bell Curve,\\" which held that certain populations have actually raised  their intelligence level through centuries of using their brains to solve  problems, one understands why Diamond steers clear of the topic - no  academic can afford to be tinged with even a hint of racism or euro  centrism.  Plenty of professors on the leftist fringe stand ready to point  the accusing finger any anybody who deviates from the acceptable norm.  But  surely scholars can deal with the role human intelligence in a non-racist  way; after all, the physiology of the human brain is the same in all Homo  sapiens.  Diamond owes it to his readers to complete the mosaic he has  created.
6305750750|5.0|OUT OF ALL MOVIES OF ALL TIME ONLY A HANDFULL CATCH THE ATTENTION OF VIEWERS FOR GENERATIONS AND STAR WARS HAS BEEN ONE OF THE ELITE. A MOVIE SHOULDN'T BE BASED ON THE EFFECTS ALONE OR THE KILL TOTALS COMPARED TO  ANOTHER MOVIE, BUT WHETHER OR NOT IT TAKES YOU TO THAT SPECIAL PLACE IN  YOUR MIND CALLED THE IMAGINATION. TO ME THIS MOVIE IS EASY TO DREAM ALONG  WITH FOR CHILDREN AND ADULTS ALIKE. 20 YEARS AGO ME AND MY FRIENDS RAN  AROUND THE SCHOOL YARD TO THE ORIGINAL AND MY KIDS WILL WAGE WAR ACCROSS  THE GALAXY TO THE LATEST .  MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU!
B000001IQH|5.0|in my opinion this is the best ranicd cd up to date.  the lyrics are great- not just like so many other bands expressing mainly anger and angst against society- rancid has lyrics that deal with life, friendship and also  some of that other stuff as well.  what i really like about rancid is their  east bay 77' sound- which isn't as popular as the &quot;new wave&quot;  poppy punk sound, such as blink 182 has made popular- but more unique  sounding.  rancid is one of the greatest punk bands of all times without a  doubt- surpassed (in my opinion) only by bad religion. the point i want to  make clear is that ...and out come the wolves is a great cd from a great  band and we should all have it.
B00001MXWX|5.0|Resistance is Futile.  You will be assimilated.  We have traced your communications back to your homeworld, and will orbit your plant, which will now be known as the third planet of system 659001, in less than three  of your days.  You should not have released &quot;Insurrection.&quot;   Although it provides the average Trek junkie with enough &quot;beam me  up&quot;s and &quot;make it so&quot;s to give him his fix, it failed to  generate enough tension so that the denoument becomes a true resolution and  release.  As you will not be when you have been assimilated.<br />The old  gang, as they now are physically and in our minds, look remarkably good  considering that their series went off air  over five years ago.  But once  we have assimilated them and all of you, physical appearance will become  meaningless.  We have studied your species and its preoccupation with  externalities.  You will thank us for relieving you of this worry as well  as your free will.  Resistance is futile.
6305627347|5.0|South Park: Bigger, Longer &amp; Uncut has not only been the best movie i have ever seen- it is also the funniest and the cutest movie as well (besides the fact that it was pretty sick- but nothing a kid can't handle).  This also brings up the point about this movie being for an exclusively  adult audience- if anyone believes that this movie is too intense for their  children to handle- i think they should reconsiter- if a child can handle  it, that's great- if not then you they will probably not know what the heck  the characters are talking about anyway.  The first half of the movie is  extremely funny- matt stone and trey parker at their best.  the songs are  incredibly cute, and it's just overall a really great movie that i will  love forever and ever...
6303212263|5.0|Me am real Superman.  Me am Bizarro Superman.  Me not like pretty-boy Reeves put moves on Lois.  Lois love only me.  We am boyfriend-girlfriend.  Metropolis no big enough for two Superman.<br />But the Metropolis in the  Warner Bros. production had little bearing on the vibrant city after which  it was modeled.  Though the New York skyline at night provided a serenely  urban yet glittery backdrop to the aerial scenes, the acts of kindness  which Superman performs rank no greater than picking up litter off the  street.<br />Me wipe up street with false Superman.  Me Bizarro lay down  challenge!  You Superman meet me at statue of big lady!  Then we see who is  real Superman!
B00000IGGA|5.0|When I first heard this it was not exactly what i expected. I was expecting rock but this was just desolate. I thought it was rubbish but then i actually listened to it and started liking some of the ongs. It now  hasn't been out of my CD player for weeks. There is not a single bad track  on here. What's He Building is very surreal and Filipino Box... is a  masterpiece. I can't go through every track though because they are all  great.  If you like masterful song craftsmanship and excellent mixes of  instruments and genres, i would suggest you get this album.
6303921248|5.0|Dude!<br />Like, whazzup with all the long dresses?  Where be  all the bikini babes and beautifully bronzed buxom blondes?  An' what's with all this &quot;Mister&quot; and &quot;Miss&quot; jive?  Yo!  I be expectin' some  booty!  But I barely got a whiff o' wrist!  Aw[...]<br />Still, considering  the earlier BBC attempt, with the uninspiring Elizabeth Garvie playing the  most perfect female protaganist ever imagined, the present version offers a  most wonderful sense of freshness and life that would have been better  still if the broads had just shown a little skin!<br />HoooWeee!   Oh yeah!   Love those British babes with them cute accents!<br />The current production  opens with an inspired idea, putting Austen's unforgettable opening  sentence into Elizabeth Bennet's mouth, at once letting the audience know  that this Miss Bennet is not to be taken lightly.  Jennifer Ehle, however,  far from seeming shrewish or cunning, combines all the best aspects of  Austen's literary heroine.  She is intelligent, arch (how Austen does love  that expression!), playful, proud, generous, and filled with those  qualities in such proportions that would warm the heart of any man.<br />And  warm him in other places if she just showed a little skin! <br />Ooooh baby!   Love that Liza Bennet!
630575067X|5.0|I love Star Wars, so you can't take my word for what I say.  I thought that it was a brilliant movie, but it could do with a bit more lightsaber action, thought the last 45 minutes were absolutely incredible.  It is an  absolute MUST SEE!
0790734249|5.0|May I clarify a few things before speaking my mind?<br />I read &quot;Peter Shaffer's Amadeus,&quot; and I put quotes around both author and title to emphasize that is certainly his &quot;Amadeus.&quot;  Shaffer wrote a  wonderful play using historical characters, using both the life and music  of Mozart as a springboard for his imagination.<br />Forman took Shaffer's  text from the theatre to the opera house.  People who know anything about  Mozart and the people of his time will barely recognize any of the  characters in the movie, except possibly for Baron van Swieten.  He was  truly a great patron and received many dedications from both Mozart and  Beethoven.<br />As a work of entertainment, art, and historical fiction,  &quot;Amadeus&quot; may be favorably compared to &quot;Ivanhoe,&quot;  easily one of the greatest historical romances of the English language.  Or  even to the &quot;history&quot; plays of the Bard hiimself.  But  &quot;Amadeus&quot; has an unfair advantage over all of them.  It uses a  visual and audible means of storytelling which, especially in the music,  cannot be easily, if at all, rendered into words. <br />And what magnificent  music!  It is said that the angels play Bach for the Lord, Beethoven for  men, and Mozart for themselves.  His music at times seems to be the  eavesdropping of mortals into the immortal.  What becomes unbearable is the  recognition of a spirit so pure, so otherworldly, yet so recognizably  human, that in hearing Mozart, especially late Mozart, one feels that one  has experienced beauty of a kind that transcends both body and death, yet  retains echoes of both, leaving the listener both enraptured and  desititute.  It is a most exquisite pain.
B00000K19E|2.0|Fantastic idea..maybe even a little too close for comfort! But shame about the film, mediocre acting,very ordinary photography ( I was hoping for something on a par with bladerunner here )....a B movie with ingenious  special effects....Edward Muybridge must be smiling to himself up there!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This cd is wonderful. Even better than her first. I bought this album because I loved her first album so much!  I made a good decision. I am mesmerized with this album. He meloncholy lyrics in  &quot;Love  Ridden&quot; are incredibly touching, yet &quot;Mistake&quot; hits all too  close to home. This album identifies with many peoples' feelings of life in  general!  I totally love it!
0790736314|4.0|The Exorcist - Possibly the only film ever made that terrifies you and moves you, all at once. A superb soundtrack, Mike Oldfield's Tubular Bells for a start, and a very powerful performance from the young Linda Blair as  the demon-possessed Regan, and set of petrifying sequences...the head  rotation, the crucifix masturbation and the final exorcism...gripping  stuff.
6304474652|5.0|This is my favorite romantic comedy ever.  Selma is beautiful in this movie and she really shines as a funny and likeable person who gets involved with Perry, who has much of the same qualities.  You will find  yourself rooting for them the whole time!  This movie really made me swoon  with its funny and realistic plot as well as its theme that love will  always win.
B00000JNGG|5.0|I thought this was a new and needed album. Slipknot are a good blend of Korn's riffs and Beastie Boys mixing styles. It also has a more fresher sound. How the singer (corey taylor) has such different and effective  singing methods is just amazing. Although the single &quot;spit it  out&quot; is a good song, I believe the song &quot;surfacing&quot; is a  much more amazing song. I think that although I compare Slipknot to Korn  they are an equally good band and also have quite a different sound. I  believe this band will have a good future and even better forthcoming  albums. If you don't already have this album and like bands such as Machine  Head and Korn then this is an essential.
B00000JCB2|1.0|No musical value.  This group has talent only for shouting obscenities into microphones.  And parents let their kids listen to this garbage?
B00002MZ12|4.0|I am not a great fan of Alanis Morissette, but I have to say that I was most impressed with her version of &quot;King Of Pain&quot; on her MTV Unplugged CD! I heard the song blasting from my daughter's room and was  immediately drawn to it.  &quot;King of Pain&quot;, originally done by  Sting has always been one of my  all time favorite songs, as he is one of  my all time favorite artists.  Not everyone has the vocal ability to  perform the song so well, but Alanis has certainly accomplished it.  I find  myself listening to it over and over again.  Job well done!
B000002N3J|5.0|You will probably know most of the song on here if you have ever turned on an FM radio station. The songs on here are classics! I like this album alot better then the Immaculate Collection for the greatest hits! Songs like,  &quot;I'll Remember&quot; and the title track, &quot;Something to  Remember&quot; are some of the most beautiful songs! I myself appreciated  &quot;You'll See&quot; because I thnk if you are going to write a break up  song it should be done in a classy manner...this song tells off whoever she  was mad at in a way that she is not trashing anyone! The reason I bought  this album was &quot;Take a Bow'', but there are other gems here. Take for  instance &quot;Rain&quot; and &quot;this used to be my playground&quot;.  All I can say is this is a beautiful album...and even if you don't like  Madonna, you will like this album!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|These guys knew they had to make a memorable,great album,and they let nobody down. For new Rage fans,this album could take a few listens,but give it time,and you are sure to love it. Tom Morello did a great job on  guitars,especially in the middle of &quot;Born of a Broken Man&quot;,when  this amazing solo kicks in. A memorable album that will live on for sure.
079073639X|4.0|In spite of such as great actors like Dustin Hoffman, Samuel L. Jackson and Sharon Stone it is not a great movie, it is good, trying to play with some arguments like time (present past, future), astrophisics and several  more aspects.  The Director failed to adapt the Michale Crichton's book to  the movie, he left out several action aspects which maybe helped a lot.  I  recommend it, but don't expect a very spectacular film.  Is has very good  sound a very good quality in images.
6305558167|3.0|Great movie, But a great shame the tops of heads are missing in some scenes. When will they get it right when transfering movies to DVD ?
B00000DQT7|5.0|Every single track on this CD has something to commend it.  Rarely is this the case, but every member of The Band is (or was) an incredibaly talented musician.  Music From Big Pink is also a great record, but this second  album contains a more varied, thought provoking collection of songs.  The  pain of The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down is tempered by the rock and  roll meets ragtime groove of Rag Mama Rag.  The last track, King Harvest,  has Robertson playing one of his finest guitar solos, and it only last a  few seconds at the end of the track.  If I only had 2 choices of CD to take  to the moon, this would be there, along with Neil Young's Harvest,  admirable for similar reasons.
630575067X|2.0|Years before the Empire was formed, the Republic send two Jedi knights to deal with tax problems.<br />It was nice to see the Star Wars opening theme again after all these years, and there are cameo appearances throughout the  film by characters such as the Jabba the Hutt, Yoda, etc.  The soon-to-be  emporer is present, is a well-acted and marvellously scheming  character.<br />But the main problem with this film is that the aliens are on  the level of cartoon characters.  Some people found the Ewoks silly, but  they're far more believable than the 'Muppet Show 1999' on display here.   And the 'big fish eaten by bigger fish eaten by still bigger fish' sequence  is straight out of a comic strip.<br />Another problem is the fact that this  film is so obviously based around commercialism.  The hundreds of different  kinds of aliens are present to sell toys, the pod race is there to sell a  video game.  In fact a lot of this film felt like watching somebody playing  a video game.  The actors play second fiddle to CGI effects, are hardly  ever given the chance to show any real character.  Darth Maul is  well-designed and looks impressive, but is just wasted in a minor  role.<br />Certainly worth seeing if you're a Star Wars fan, but once you've  seen it once there's no reason to ever watch it again.
B000035Z2L|5.0|This movie is the best if you're ok with sexual comedy.  A mix of Billy Madison's comedy with Varsity Blue's perverted comedy.  Hilarious, a must see for all teens!
B00002MZ12|5.0|I bought this CD because of Joining You.  Simply because out of all her  CD's to date, Joining You is the song I most relate to.  It's the song that  sort of told us &quot;No, I'm not what I used to be (JLP) but I've still  got some left.&quot;  Also, the lyrics are the best.  There's just nothing  to compare with it.  <br />So when I heard that Joining You was on Unplugged,  I naturally had to have it.  Before this purchase, I had never thought that  there would ever be a better recording of Joining You.  I was wrong.  This  version (unplugged) is so quiet and serene.  It captured everything that  the original never did.  It is just so beautiful.<br />The rest of the CD was  as powerful, as well as the un-released songs, of which &quot;Princes  Familiar&quot; was my favorite.  However, there is a reason why I wish  there was the options of half stars.<br />I would have much rather given this  CD a 4 1/2 stars.  This is why.  &quot;These R The Thoughts,&quot; although  beautiful, did not have the same sort of meaning the others held.  It was  nice, but not enough.  &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; was another  disappointment.  I loved the original, but this one lacked the anger that  made the song what it was anyway!  (Although it was genious because I never  knew that song could have a soft side!)<br />Ofcourse, &quot;Ironic,&quot;  &quot;I Was Hoping,&quot; &quot;Uninvited,&quot; and the others previously  mentioned are all masterpieces, and the shining light of this recording.   <br />Buy it because you want to, not because I told you to.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I'm 17,and i've never been the slightest fan of Santana.More than 30 years ago,my dad became a great fan of his music,in his teens.Now 45,he got his latest recording.I decided to give the album a try,and i was really  surprised!His music is one word:Natural.Atop of that it is definately  smooth!Over the years,Santana has mastered the art of playing the guitar,to  the point i believe,of being a Maestro! Santana's music,a mixture of Rock  and Latin Pop will definately appeal to anyone!Each track may sound the  same to many,because of the latino beat.But frankly,each one is unique in  it's own flavour,beat and most importantly the feeling that is inspired by  each song.Santana's music,i've come to discover,is full of feeling and  spirituality.Each track mesmorizes the listener and creates a sense of  emotion!Moreover,the lyrics to the music,are simply excellent in inner  meaning!It does not matter who is singing,it's the music,Santana's music  that has captivated me!Now,looking back at the music,i've come to realise  how fast a fan of Santana i have become!My recommanded and favourite  recordings are:Track 2,3,5,6,7,10 and 13.Santana in my opinion will be my  number one vote for the 42nd Annual GRAMMY Awards! Trust me,he's going to  sweep through all his 10 nominations!He will walk away with a Grammy!
B00002MZ12|5.0|I bought this CD because of Joining You.  Simply because out of all her CD's to date, Joining You is the song I most relate to.  It's the song that sort of told us &quot;No, I'm not what I used to be (JLP) but I've still  got some left.&quot;  Also, the lyrics are the best.  There's just nothing  to compare with it.  <br />So when I heard that Joining You was on Unplugged,  I naturally had to have it.  Before this purchase, I had never thought that  there would ever be a better recording of Joining You.  I was wrong.  This  version (unplugged) is so quiet and serene.  It captured everything that  the original never did.  It is just so beautiful.<br />The rest of the CD was  as powerful, as well as the un-released songs, of which &quot;Princes  Familiar&quot; was my favorite.  However, there is a reason why I wish  there was the options of half stars.<br />I would have much rather given this  CD a 4 1/2 stars.  This is why.  &quot;These R The Thoughts,&quot; although  beautiful, did not have the same sort of meaning the others held.  It was  nice, but not enough.  &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; was another  disappointment.  I loved the original, but this one lacked the anger that  made the song what it was anyway!  (Although it was genious because I never  knew that song could have a soft side!)<br />Ofcourse, &quot;Ironic,&quot;  &quot;I Was Hoping,&quot; &quot;Uninvited,&quot; and the others previously  mentioned are all masterpieces, and the shining light of this recording.   Buy it because you want to, not because I told you to.
0446910201|5.0|This man's courageous story-is sad but triumphant in that he has given hope to more people.  This book is extremely popular at this time-due to the fact that Denzel Washington starred in the movie-Hurricane...Which is  supposed to portray Rubin's life.  I give this man my applause and  honor..For truely, he is a man of many gifts. My hat is off to Rubin.  In  the days of trial and tribulation-some people need to know that injustices  are real and can be corrected to some extent. The pain and suffering that  one man faced are not to be forgotten or down-played-in any sense of the  word. It is the author's heart that sends a message to others. He had the  perserverance to stay focused on what was right. It's true that not  everyone has the determination and courage to face and battle a situation  that was marked for failure.  I am extremely impressed by the heart and  soul of this man-I wish to commend him for a job well done. He has inspired  a great many people.
B000006045|5.0|I first heard this CD in a candle lit room while drinking African tea, and in a matter of minutes I was totally held by the music. It is beautifully and artfully composed, with hauntingly sexy vocals, spiritually tingling  sounds, and it completely lulls you into a state of meditation. It is  definately one of my favourite CD's, and every time I listen to it I hear  something new. It is quite simply a brilliant work of art.
B000021Y77|5.0|I don't need to explain.  It's a great movie, among my top 10. Buy it and watch it over and over, because thats the kind of movie it is.  Oh yeah, watch the German version with English Text.  It doesn't add words and bad  Grammar..Like the English dubbed version does.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is an amazing book.  Not only is the plot incredibly original, but it almost seems believable.  The characters are not the same as the people in real life, but it almost seems that you can relate to them.   Lowry does a great job of creating mood and thickening the plot.  Jonas  still had a lot to learn as the Receiver, and I think that others can  relate to that, too, for the fact that learning never stops.  Learning  continues no matter the age.  The ending lacked a few qualties, as in a  total solution to the problem.  You are kind of left hanging at the end.   The concept of the society may be a little harder for younger children to  understand, I would recommend this book for children over 12.  I thought  that this was a great book, and everyone should have the chance to read it.
0800187881|5.0|The movie is a great way for people to understand that looks play a big part in a relationship.  It teaches you that you have to feel the person is beautiful physically and mentally. Without both, its not a true  relationship.
0060926317|5.0|The term &quot;mutant&quot; has nothing to do with genetics - it's an &quot;attitude&quot; - the author learns how to deal with this attitude as she sheds her mutant skin; in its place she forms a new world view that  everything is connected and humans need to return to ancient thoughts,  eliminating their fears at the same time.  A wonderfully written book - I  recommend it to anyone who has a keen interest in understanding themselves  and the universe.
6305169187|5.0|Wow! This film is so good. Near the ending where Bruce Willis dies, just rips out your heart! It was so sad. The rest of the crew just made you laugh. Also the storyline was quite realistic and the stunts were  excellent. With Ben Affleck in it too, it made the perfect girls-night-in  film!
6302517036|4.0|The step-sister of &quot;An American Werewolf in London&quot;, in that it mixes legend with humor, but doesn't skimp on the horror.  Both movies have great jokes, good characters, excellent special effects, and plenty of  scares.  Not as funny as the '99 version of &quot;The Haunting&quot;, but  infinitely more lovable.
B000001GGV|5.0|Ivo Pogorelich performs superbly on these 15 beautiful and varied sonatas. I became interested in them because of a ballet arrangement of k. 87 in B minor done by Vincenzo Tommasini (ballet: Le donne di buon umore or The  Good-Humored Ladies). When fully orchestrated, it is poignant and moving. I  decided to listen to the original version, played on piano (not a  harpsicord fan at all), and Pogorelich did not disappoint. The other  selections offer many tempos and moods and the artist shows extraordinary  dexterity with the complicated two-handed interplays. This is a lovely  album to listen to while reading or while watching the birds on the  feeders.
B000002UDV|2.0|Never a Beach Boys fan I had to listen to this much hyped album after hearing rave reviews. What a dissapointment. I just don't get it. &quot;God only knows&quot; is indeed a masterpiece, but the rest of the album is  filled with boring music that does nothing for me. I've tried multiple  listenings to make sure I'm not missing anything, but the plain truth is  that this album stinks. I was expecting some deep music as described by  some Beach Boys fans, but the best use I can get out of this album is using  it as a coaster. In a word, BORING.
0670647500|5.0|I just want to find out what the quote was in the movie regarding the power of writing when Rubin first met Lezra.  As a writing teacher, it would be a marvelous quote for a bulletin board.  I can't find the book and  when I looked in the excerpt, it was not there.  Could anyone help me with  the quote?
6303433766|5.0|I love this movie. Smart and talented, the cast should've gotten Oscars! Excellent film. Moves you on a 1000 different levels. Please see this movie! I think it's superb.
0792837614|4.0|This is your classical Romeo and Juliet movie set in thefifties. The actors are pretty good (Try Beymer and Wood) some of themkind of stink (I won't name any names.) For those of you who haven't seen it, this movie is about two racial gangs (white and puerto rican). Tony, co-founder of the jets, (white gang) falls in love with Maria (sister of the leader of the sharks) and it causes some conflicts. I cry every time I watch this movie and am constantly amazed at the choreography. The songs are pretty good too.  If you're in for a romantic, touching, tragic story watch West Side Story END
1577311523|5.0|The best book I've read since I discovered Vernon Howard's writing 18 years ago. Exceptionally clear, succinct, accessable. As one reviewer here stated: &quot;5 stars are not enough&quot;. Congratulations, Mr. Tolle.
6301969251|5.0|This film isn't as accurate as &quot;Jesus of Nazareth&quot;, but it's still worth watching. Max Von Sydow (pronounced Max von Sue-doff) is, I think, the best Jesus. The way they shot the movie is beautiful and very  inspiring. I get chills up my arm every time Jesus raises Lazarus from the  dead. THe problem with this video, though, is that they focus on the major  stars who only got teeny tiny roles, like John Wayne as the centurion, or  Sydney Portier as Simon of cyrene. It tends to take the focus off of the  main characters. The movie is also a bit choppy- a lot of scenes were cut.  THe movie is really beautiful, though, and it's a wonderful movie to watch  during Easter.
B000005JXG|5.0|By far the Pogues finist hour. 5 Stars is an injustice to say the least. From the title song, all the way through to epic end, a masterpiece. So quite your grinnin' and drop your linnin', get yours now!
0684874350|5.0|Angela's Ashes is truly unforgettable. I highly recommend this book for it has touched me deeply. As Frank McCourt steps back to his ferocious childhood, we the readers are drawn to his life as he struggles to survive  in the slums of Limeric. He takes us on a journey of great sadness, great  despair, but also of great joy--for he has survived to tell his story. This  memoir will bring alive every emotion within you. It is truly a work of art  and will live forever in the minds of the people who have read it.
B00001OH1S|5.0|I have seen the movie many times and think its a great suspense/caper/romance movie.  Actually, its a little bit of all that.  the soundtrack fits the movie well.  The songs from Sting and Nina Simone are  excellent.  And Bill Conti's jazz-style score ranges from the plinky piano  tunes of the two &quot;Glider&quot; tracks to the smooth jazz lounge feel  of &quot;Cocktails&quot;.  The only problem I had with this otherwise  exceptional soundtrack was the lack of the theft sequence music.  Although  it was more rock than the rest of the score, the theft sequence theme would  have rounded off this CD perfectly.
0780622553|4.0|I have a poor laserdisc of this. After seeing it the second time, I want to upgrade to DVD. Sutherland is excellent as the doctor, his acting is on a par with Sean Penn. Rufus Sewell is very convincing, but who is this masked man? I haven't seen him before or since. I need to look harder I  guess. Jennifer is always gorgeous but I wish she was a better actor. Hurt  is always very good and he did not disappoint this time. If you don't enjoy  this movie, then you are probably not a sci-fi fan. I enjoyed it more than  Blade Runner. I needed to watch it twice; first to follow the story line;  second to appreciate the acting. The brief nudity is not contrived and this  film shows that we can have convincing dialog without resorting to foul  language. I hope it was a financial sucesss so that Hollywood can provide  more exciting films like this one.
B000002J1I|2.0|Which is to say, it's a fine record by anyone else's standards to be sure. Some great moments surface, and the song 'Onward' is a true classic. Overall, \\"Tormato\\" is largely an uninspired affair, due to Rick Wakeman's unusually drab performances and a shockingly cold and flat production. 'Arriving UFO' may well be a silly song, but it does manage to entertain in a strange way, and Chris Squire does some amazing bass work, especially on 'Circus Of Heaven'. It seems that Yes had pretty much run out of gas by the time \\"Tormato\\" appeared, and a change was in order. Worst of all is the cover art, a really unfortuanate choice for a Yes album. After so many great Roger Dean covers, this. If you're a true Yes fan then you will have to own this. To casual Yes listeners I'd say avoid \\"Tormato\\" and pick up \\"Drama\\" and \\"Relayer\\". Certainly not a bad album by any means, but it is among the four least important Yes efforts.
6304504012|4.0|The movie Evita is a wonderful musical to not only watch but to listen to as well. Madonna not only looked like Evita Peron, but she truly was Evita in this film.Her voice was great and her acting was even better. This movie  has many emotions, which you can feel within each song. Antonio Bandera  also is a great actor in this movie, and I for one enjoyed how he was  always there to &quot;fill in&quot; the viewers about the movie. My  favorite scene had to be when Madonna sings &quot;Don't Cry For Me  Argentina&quot;. It is a very beautiful scene of the movie. And the song is  very beautiful as well. I reccomend that you should see this movie musical  tonight.
0446310786|5.0|The injustice in To Kill A Mockingbird is neither forgiving nor moral.  Just because a person has a different skin color or look does not give anyone the right to accuse them of rape, or anything.  Judge others fairly  and moraly.  To Kill A Mockingbird is a great book for one to read.  I  deeply enjoyed this book and I recommend this to mature people
6305718954|5.0|This was an amazing film.  No matter what your faith, it will leave you asking questions long after it has ended.<br />Arquette was truly astounding as the afflicted innocent.  The actions the Church takes in light of her  obviously real stigmata and her message have more than a hint of realism.   While the staging is dark, after a few scenes you feel that the story could  have no other backdrop.<br />This story was uplifting, thought-provoking and  I'd recommend several viewings to anyone left saying &quot;I don't get  it&quot; after the first playing.
B000021XS0|2.0|Reading the 1999 poll wich voted above album as the best album of 1999 I ran to the store and listened to it. I hoped to hear a symphonic orientated album but instead I had to look for the album in the Hard Rock section Listening to it I came to the conclusion that i  liked the &quot;softer&quot;parts of the album but that I hated the heavy  pounding guitar work. But that is my taste. I'm more into Steve Howe or  Steve Hacketts guitar style. I think i'm a little bit misled in the style  of what to expect of Dream Theater. But that doesn't mean it's a bad album,  i'm sure that the hard/prog/rock fans like it very much.
0440234743|3.0|I've heard so much about Grisham books that while I was stuck in an airport for 9 hours, I bought The Testament. In my situation, the book was fine. It wasn't the worst thing I've read. The story does move quickly at  first, but then it slows down to a snails pace and not much worthwhile is  going on. This is not the type of book I expected. I thought Grisham books  teach a little about the law while engaging the reader in a page-turning  tale. I learned nothing from this one. Not what I expected.
0670647500|5.0|that you can't find this book in the USA!  What does it say?  Sure we can read another boring account of some so call &quot;star&quot; from the tabloid press, yet we don't have the compassion to hear  a courageous story  until 25 years later!  God bless those who read this story earlier and  reversed an injustice.  Here's to you Rubin! And to you John Artis!  Thanks  alot!
B000000NN1|3.0|Hope you see this message.  I read your review which remined me of my similar experience with Oxygene at age 6.  I could almost picture the alien landscape. As a child I had many dreams of space because of it. I still  listen to the copy my father made me 17 years ago.
1573225517|5.0|I've read this book about 15 times now.  And its just as funny each time.  Poor Rob wth his record collection and his list of ex-girlfriends has become an old friend.  There was a woman who reviewed this earlier and said  that she couldn't understand why Laura would go back to Rob. She felt that  Laura should be dating a partner in her law firm.  I loved the ending.   Call me a romantic, but I loved the idea that even though they were very  different they decided to stay together.  This book reminds me of every guy  I've ever dated (and I have the mix tapes to prove it) If you don't  understand why your boyfriend/husband is the way he is--this book may help.   Especially if you are 30-40 and urban.  God I hope they don't screw-up the  movie!
6305268843|4.0|This is an excellent example of what good actors can do for a film. The story is beautiful but flawed and weak at points....but it is the chemistry between the actors (Stephen Dillane conveys pain so real and understated it  makes one's heart hurt.) and the beauty of the score and sets makes one  forget about the weaknesses. I bought it the day after I saw it. I NEVER do  that. I have caught my husband playing this movie during late-night  feedings of our baby to soothe him. It mesmerizes. Buy it and watch it in  an endless loop.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I don't care if people think she misses a few notes or blends the words together when she's singing.  This is a masterpiece.  All of her songs are written in under 15 minutes, and she tries to get the point of music across  - this is how she feels at this very moment, and she's putting notes to it.   Her lyrics are simple and her tunes are easy to hum.  Her music is raw,  unedited, and that's the way music should be.  It shouldn't be tweaked so  it sells more copies, because then it becomes the editor's version of her  music.  This is a person, just like everyone else, who can play the guitar  well and has a sweet voice.  She's not trying to sell you a corporation,  she's trying to sell you her thoughts.  Most importantly, this album proves  her passion for her music.  It's very gentle and light music, and as you  look back upon the day you bought this CD, you'll be saying to yourself  &quot;They just don't make music like that anymore.&quot;
B00002EPJH|5.0|When a dear friend lent me her pre-release copy of this disc in November, I did not know what to expect.  Would this be the Jarrett of the Cologne Concert or the Sun Bear Concerts?  The Jarrett of a Detroit concert some  twenty years ago where he berated the audience for sneezing and coughing,  made everyone sneeze and cough to get it out of their system and then  started from scratch?  Perhaps the Jarrett of recent recordings of Mozart,  Ha¨ndel or Shostakovich?  Yes and no -- and perhaps all of the above.   <br />After a career-interrupting bout with chronic fatigue syndrome, Jarrett  is ready to embrace life and its beauty as well as its bittersweet nature.   His deep love and affection for his wife Rose Anne (Colavito) Jarrett is  obvious in the care both in arranging and in performing the carefully  chosen works on this album.  The &quot;Shenandoah&quot; positively sent  shivers down my spine.  <br />My wife and I haven't been able to put this disc  away (we actually have separate copies so we can listen at home and in the  car).  We have bought copies of this disc for all of our immediate family  members, scattered across the country, and included the disc in our holiday  packages. <br />Previous reviewers have diverged from my positive take on this  disc, but if one expects only a monochromatic approach from a performer,  one will always be disappointed when a different set of colors emerges from  the playing.  I cannot recommend this disc highly enough -- listen to it  and form your own opinion.  I'm sold!
6305131090|1.0|Mahler was a great Ken Russell film. It should have been presented correctly on DVD. Instead what we get is a washed out, blurry, scratched up mess. The sound is bad and the beauty of the cinematography is totally  lost. This would be laughable if it weren't a shame. Honestly, the VHS  version of this film blows the DVD away (huh?). Mr. Russell was a pioneer  in his time and respected by people who enjoyed his mischievous touch. This  film needs to be redone by someone who cares!
B000031WD9|4.0|A good way to spend a couple of the hours is the best way to describe this film. The tennage angst movie have of course been done before but this film manages to take it further than before. Sometime tries to be clever but  best moments include the father/son chat and the &quot;band camp&quot; nerd  suddenly turning predator. Unrated Special Edition Dvd seems a bit  overrated as seems to be the same as at the cinema
0783216084|5.0|Jaws isn't just a great movie,but also one of the rare films that stands the test of time,like classic films do.When you think of the films of the seventies,the are a handfull that come to mind right off the  bat.&quot;Rocky&quot;,&quot;The Exorcist&quot;,&quot;Saturday Night  Fever&quot;,and &quot;Star Wars&quot; are some to name a few,but &quot;Jaws  is the film that started it all.With brilliant direction from a then young  Stephen Spielberg,an Oscar winning score by John Williams,sensational film  editing by Verna Fields, and terrific performances by Roy Schieder,Robert  Shaw,and Richard Dryfuss,&quot;Jaws&quot;is still the ultimate warm weather  hit.
B000031WD9|4.0|A good way to spend a couple of the hours is the best way to describe this film. The tennage angst movie have of course been done before but this film manages to take it further than before. Sometime tries to be clever but  best moments include the father/son chat and the &quot;band camp&quot; nerd  suddenly turning predator. Unrated Special Edition Dvd seems a bit  overrated as seems to be the same as at the cinema
B00000JPH6|5.0|This work is perhaps one of the best fantasy adventures brought to the big screen during the 1980's. The combined imaginations &amp; talents of Jim Henson &amp; Frank Oz bring a fantasy world, unlike ANYTHING you've ever  seen, to life. Worthy of such classics as Frank Baum's &quot;Wizard of  Oz&quot; &amp; J.R.R. Tolkein's &quot;The Hobbit&quot;; this 1980's  classic, much like Disney's own classic  &quot;Fantasia&quot;, is only now,  coming into it's own years after it's original theatrical release. With the  re-release of this work on DVD with additional footage &amp; extras make  this a perfect addition to the library of a serious fantasy enthusiast.
6304675348|5.0|You'll hear people say that Scream is not scary. Don't listen. It's chillingly scary. True the killer is an accident-prone teen making him more stupid when the chase comes, but the mask is really creepy and the phone  calls make you wanna stop the movie then and there they are so scary. Be  careful when you see it, though, because the ending is very dark and gory.  Even worse because TEENAGERS are doing this. Anyway, it's still a great  movie.
6301016289|5.0|This movie is a terrific and interesting movie about how anyone can get caught up in money and corruption.
6305013578|1.0|I have nothing to say about the movie,but the DVD quality of the film may be the worst i've ever seen.VCD or a bad quality VHS copy could be a better or a cheaper way of watching this classic monster.  They better remaster  and print the DVD version.
B000000W3G|5.0|The Aeroplane Flies High is the most amazing set of Smashing Pumpkins songs I have ever heard.  Melon Collie was great by itself, but to have 33 more songs come out that are just as great made me listen to the Pumpkins  more often. With soft tracks like Medellia of the Gray Skies and Rotten  Apples to hard tracks like Mouths of Babes and Marquis in Spades. It is  just great, enough said.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Santana provides some good latin rhythms and great guitar solos in this album. The quality of the music is certainly high which provides Santana a good way of channeling his energy. Also, the vocals and guitar playing  provide a good mix.
0767802659|5.0|This impeccable movie presents an all-too-believable future vision for planet earth. An incredibly-powerful, profoundly-alien race of space beings is conducting all-out war on earth, and has transformed it utterly. Only  military veterans are eligible for &quot;citizenship&quot; and the vote.  Civilians are reduced to the rank of tourist. A profound gulf exists  between the two groups.<br />The movie justifies this change, where it takes  every bit of their energy for child-warriors to engage and fight the  implaccible foe. The communal lifestyle, the violence, the military stance  of society and the government are all necessary if we are to engage the  foe, if we are to have any chance of winning the war.<br />And the movie  successfully supports the changes in society. The foe is surely the  deadliest conceivable, and the dedication to its eradication is utterly  necessary.<br />Along the way, we meed gifted young actors, stunning computer  animation, great action-adventure, and a fine story. This is one heck of a  film, and bears repeated watchings with grace and excitement.
6305263248|5.0|If you like action movies, this one is for you. The story may be a little thin but it still is worth while. The stunts are absolutely great. Gotta like Jean Reno (The Professional).
6305358613|3.0|&quot;A feast for the eyes,&quot; &quot;Incredible production and costume design,&quot; &quot;Cate Blanchett shines.&quot; So true, and yet somehow just not quite enough. Cate Blanchett is wonderful here, the best role I've  seen her perform. The scene where she is preparing to speak before  Parliament is humorous and believable. However, most of the people I know  who've seen this movie haven't understood a third of it, as they knew  nothing of Elizabethan history before viewing the film. I did know  something of Elizabethan history before viewing the film, and I was the  poorer for it, as the glaring historical inaccuracies made it difficult to  sit back and enjoy the &quot;feast for the eyes&quot; that the film really  is. If you like period dramas, you will enjoy this movie as long as you are  willing to take it as just that, a story rather than a history. Geoffrey  Rush is great, and some of the minor parts are played very intriguingly.  Take this film for your candy, but look elsewhere for the brain food.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is one of the best CDs ever. Itr displays a variety of wonderful, breath-taking, mind moving,exquisite songs that will catch your brain from whatever you are doing. It makes you dance, play, be like whoever you want  to be. When I first heard it, I was relieved! Santana takes your mind off  what your mind is on.
0812550757|5.0|When I had first finished reading the masterpiece that was Ender's Game, I was kind of horrified to learn there was a sequel. What could follow this? I thought. I did not read Speaker for several years, but I finally caved  and read it. If you think that Game was amazing you have to read this. Card  captured Ender again, and did it with the beauty and realism that I love  about his work. Card, as always, draws on the emotions of the characters so  deftly you could swear they were real. Read it, and let Ender touch you  again.
6304813759|4.0|A cheesy sixties tourist film runs over the credits, and we get a peek at Sheffield's heyday as a British industrial super-city on the grow. Contrast that with the low-wage or no-job watseland of Sheffield in the 90's, and  the desperatation is easy to understand.   <br />One of the men, played by  Robert Carlye, is about to lose visiting rights with his son if he can't  earn the 700 pounds to help support the boy.  After dropping in on a  Chippnedales review, dad and a pudgy pal figure it might just work for  them.  Now keep in mind, these guys are no studs.  They're from the  eat-now, weigh-later school of thought.  But despite their physical  shortcomings, they've got drive.  <br />You've got to like a movie where  characters, fully aware of the embarrassing possibilities, embark on a  no-holes-barred adventure to reclaim their last shred of dignity. The Full  Monty, which is a Brit-speak term for taking at all off, squeezes a lot out  of a little, and at times the mens' aimlessness makes for slow going.  But  in scenes where they practice their stage moves or wait in an dole line  unable to control their happy feet, the movie is supremely silly--a romp  that's inconsequential but never less than fun.
B000002C1X|5.0|If the amazing moody music doesn't drag you in, the powerful lyrics will.  This album is definately the most powerful and moving ever, using strange phsycidellic techniques, but never losing its musical integrity.
B000023VR6|4.0|This cd rocks to all you west coast fans!The best songs on this cd are defenitely Still DDDRRRRRREEEEE!Forgot About Dre and Whats the Difference. The rest of them in my opinion are okay. The reason why I gave this cd 4  stars and not 5 is because some of the beats are the same as others and are  too slow and boring. But I enjoy listening to the artists like SNOOP EMINEM  HITTMAN and XIBIT! The lyrics are also funny. Overall its a good cd and I  thuink I got my money's worth
B00000IOSU|5.0|Ever since I picked this album up, after being mildly entertained by Sarah's previous two studio albums, I could not stop listening to this one. The songs mostly come from &quot;Fumbling Towards Ecstasy&quot; and  &quot;Surfacing&quot; - but sound much better in the live versions. The  great voice, arrangements even better than the studio arrangements, as well  as the fans' interactions make this album come alive. Whether I am cooling  off on a weekday evening or flying across the oceans, I always listen to  this album. As said by so many other people - this album is a must-buy.
B0000025SB|5.0|If you love music, great lyrics, and a window into a mans soul, you will love this album. I don't like Roger Waters as a person, but I love Roger Waters as a musical Genius. If you pick this album up it will chill you,  especially those that may have forgotten, or weren't around to expierience  Just what it was like to have &quot;Paraniod Eyes&quot;. It captures the  Cold War without missing a beat. The title song, &quot;Your Possible  Pasts&quot;, &quot;The Final Cut&quot;, and &quot;Not Now John&quot;, will  more than make you forget of your disdain for Roger Waters. If you wish to  capture the full scope of all Pink Floyd you need this album, Please put  your Bias aside, and pick up this album, I did.
B000002LAC|4.0|This album is dated and a little overshadowed by Trio II and the Emmy Lous Harris collection.  Nevertheless, it has some of the sweetest harmonies you can expect to hear anywhere.
B000002L3P|3.0|Excellent guitar but let's please not draw parallels with the Legend  Stevie R.Vaughan.This CD starts off well with Born With A Broken Heart and  carries off well with Everybody gets the blues but the best has to be the  very bluesy guitar play on While We Cry ,one number which even the  uninitiated would appreciate.All in all a great effort with Corey Sterling  adding the sugar.This was a Valantines present from my fiance...all the more  reason for me to be appreciating it. Check out Johnny Lang's 'Lie to me'  and 'Wander the world'...definetly worth picking up.
1573226521|5.0|A brillant book on many fronts.  On one front, it was &quot;just&quot; an adventure book but somehow, from the first few lines, my imagination was captured by the vividness of the scenes described.  What was best of all  was the depth of the main charcacter who was an anti-hero and yet remained  sympathetic to the reader.  He was delusional, and rational in turns.  Always there, and yet sometimes he viewed himself from a distance.  How  many of us have not experienced that &quot;disengagement&quot; at some  point in our lives? <br />His characterisation of Jed, Sal,Bugs and Daffy,  were well fleshed out and realistic.  Many times,  I found myself asking  whether Daffy was really there or whether he only existed inside Richard's  head. And as a reader (unlike watching the movie), I felt free to interpret  and imagine as I liked. I feel strongly also that the author, Alex Garland,  must had lived much of what he wrote, as he did it so unerringly.<br />I'm  glad I read the book before I watched the movie.  Before the movie came  out, I already felt  that it could obviously  not allow us to explore the  psyche behind the main character &quot;Richard&quot; and that was so  interesting and pivotal in the book.  (Just for the record, the movie was  alright, quite enjoyable but lacked the brillance of the book)  For  example, in the book, we are always within Richard's head, knowing his  thoughts and feelings. <br />I highly recommend this book.
B00000DGUM|4.0|Alas! All good things come to an end.Skid Row would never be the same without Sebastian Bach.This should've been a double CD,great no.'s like In a Darkened Room,Mudkicker,Sweet Little Sister,Riot Act are missing but  still this album Rocks!  18 And Life must be everybody's story.Forever and  the remixed version of Breakin' Down are great.For anyone who's been  listening to Skid Row this review shouldn't be that important since they  must've picked up this CD by now.Anyway..just go ahead and pick it up and  experience what Skid Row was all about-powerful vocals,songs you could  relate to and great,great music!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed does a terrific job carrying on the grunge tradition.  The sound is definitely early 90's Seattle, yet it still seems fresh and original.  Every song on this album is good, and there is quite a bit of variety from  one track to the next.  The lyrics are powerful and intelligent.  Human  Clay is a fantastic album.
B00001U03Q|5.0|I'm only 17 years old, and heard Clapton for the first time on my dad's &quot;Slowhand&quot; LP. About a year ago, I purchased &quot;Cream of Clapton,&quot; which is a great CD, as with &quot;Clapton Chronicles.&quot;   This CD is much softer than Cream, but still great, I look forward to him  recording a new CD
B00000K0T8|5.0|I am a die hard Wu fan and sometimes that makes me biased to they release, but I can honestly say that Ghostface Killah released music that would enlighten any hip-hop fan. The lyrics used on his tracks made you really  listen to what he was saying and not get lost in the phat beats. This is a  define must have for serios listeners of hip-hop.
B000000W4M|5.0|for one, the song listing for this cd are wrong.  the songs are the same as that on the unedited version.  the change beween the two cds is so minute that it is hard to tell a difference.  only a die-hard fan of the  pumpkins such as myself could tell the difference and this is after  listening to the two cds a couple of times. hence if you already have a  copy of this cd, be it edited or not, DO NOT buy both copies. why wast your  money on a cd you for the most part already have.
1881273156|4.0|What I love about this book is that it is a resource that helps me with people in my life.  The title mentions &quot;mate,&quot; yet the book gives insight to how all of us speak different love &quot;languages.&quot;  It  doesn't necessarily mean within a romantic relationship.  Some people are  more inclined to give little gifts when showing someone they care.  These  are people who usually &quot;expect&quot; little gifts to show them how  much they are cared about.  The same goes for physically affectionate  people, people who believe words said are most important, and so on.  This  is a great gift book for those going into relationships, those suffering  from a recent relationship ending, as well as those who are in a present  relationship.  It's for women and men equally.  Read it and find out what  language you speak and therefore desire.  You'll probably realize why roses  aren't always the answer!
B000002C1X|5.0|Alright, I'll agree that it really wasn't that much acollection, but with out a doubt, a definate work of art. About 6-7years ago, when I really got in to rock, This and several other bands where the stuff I looked for. But this group, there was something about them. So I bought a copy of Dark Side.It wasn't what I was looking for, though. So I went and bought a copy of The Wall. Awesome! I love the way each song runs together.(I recomend listining on head phones it gives the right psycedelicness.) if you are more a fan of lyrics than sound effects and actual music- than I got three words for ya- NOT FOR YOU! (exsept 3 or so songs) Okay time I get started on the actual review... In the flesh-okay-Shows Floyds true metal potential mixed in with a little psy stuff twards the end.Not a real biggy.The thin ice, one of the slower,more ballanced tunes,with a bit of heavyness that digs. My rating average. Another Brick in the wall-Not so much a clasic,kinda pointless actually,but what makes it so good is its brothers that it runs into, the happiest days of our lives , and another brick in the wall pt2. Awesome classic tune that will be digged by people of all ages for years to come.It has Psy in it, as well as some good tunes and those sing-along killer lyrics.Fave line is at the end in the back ground when roger says &quot;If you don't eat your meat you can't have any pudding, how can you have any pudding if you dont eat your meat-&quot; mother, well considering the album is a story it really just a story teller with no real tune to, and no I do think theyll try and break your balls, and mother probably says nonsense.(you won't under stand until you hear the song) -Blue Sky more of a classical piece. A sleeper if you ask me.Emty Spaces, Starts of as Weird music and then picks up a cool more modern pitch as it begins Marry lust. Two thums up. from Dont leave me now a rather gayish song to the end, its really just noise with a couple of hot spots here and there. The next one, the wall pt2, ( included in the wall)however has an awesome set of tunes, so don't worry, the cd's review is only half way over, we still have another 13 of 26 songs to go, but unfortuantly, my neck cramp isn't even half way over, so wait until next review, besides, I couldn't fit the next review within the word limit, so for now Bye-Bye to all you Floyde Freaks!<br /> N.S.Anonymous<br /> ps.  Floyde 4 L Babe!
059035342X|5.0|After seeing this book on the bestseller's list for months and encountering it ostentatiously displayed in every bookstore I entered, I decided to take the plunge.  I purchased Harry and the Sorcerer's Stone to see what all the fuss was about.  I'll admit I was sceptical at first.  One  day later, after reading it cover to cover without pause, I am addicted.   This book is a definite page turner.  I couldn't put it down! I just had to  find out the results of the Quidditch match, and discover what was hidden  under the heavily guarded trap-door.  This book, written in the Roald Dahl  style (Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, James and the Giant Peach),  will entrance you and will fill you with such an obsession that you simply  can't get the sequels fast enough to find out what adventures await Harry  during his next term at Hogwarts.  What are you waiting for?  Get this book  today, and discover a world that you never dreamed possible-and from which  you will never want to return.  As for me, I'll be searching for Platform  Nine and Three Quarters at the King's Cross Station...
B000000H6D|5.0|Hey, kiddies, if you're here because you just **luuuuved** the to-tally awesome cover of &quot;Summer Breeze&quot; in &quot;I Know What You did Last Summer,&quot; head on over to a more appropriate CD.  I would  recommend the &quot;American Pie&quot; soundtrack or anything by Blink 182.   <br />Consider yourself warned.  I myself have never seen the film but am  sure that it's along the same path as &quot;The Faculty&quot; or  &quot;Scream.&quot;<br />And fans of such films aren't cut out to be Typo O  followers.<br />Enough said.  I've had this CD since it came out, and have had  to replace it three times now.  Go ahead and turn your friends onto it, but  don't lend it unless you're willing to give it up.<br />Yes, October Rust is  better, but this gets five stars just for the stunning, operatic version of  &quot;Jesus Christ Looks Like Me.&quot;  Like a dream, only better since it  can be enjoyed over and over.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|JENNIFER LOPEZ'S FIRST ALBUM &quot;ON THE 6&quot; IS JUST GREAT! WITH THE #1 SMASH &quot;IF YOU HAD MY LOVE&quot; AND THE TOP 5 SINGLE &quot;WAITING FOR TONIGHT&quot; AND THE BEST ONE ON THE ALBUM &quot;FEELING SO GOOD&quot;  WITH FAT JOE AND THE LATE BIG PUN I PLAY THAT ONE OVER AND OVER. JENNIFER  HAS A GREAT VOICE (HEY,IT IS BETTER THEN BRITNEY SPEARS)I  THINK EVERYONE  SHOULD PICK UP THIS ALBUM. IT HAS POP,ROCK,RAP-EVERYTHING ON IT!
B00004HYLF|5.0|Out of all of RTF's albums', &quot;Romantic Warrior&quot; in my humble option is one of the best fusion jazz albums ever made. Putting such great musicians as keyboardist Chick Corea, bassist Stanley Clarke, drummer Lenny  White, and then 21 year-old guitarist Al Di Meola in the same room,  something magical was bound to happen, and it did. Fusing together jazz and  rock, subtle touches of baroque music, with the virtuoso musicianship  featured here this album is still awe-inspiring nearly 25 years later.  Stand out tracks include the title track, &quot;Sorceress&quot;, and the 11  and a half minute opus, &quot;Duel Of The Jester And The Tyrant(part 1 and  part 2)&quot;, which features Di Meola and Clarke trading off incredible  solos that never seem overdone or showy. This album is fusion jazz before  it got too pompous and overblown. Required listening for anyone who loves  music that takes chances.
B000000OYN|4.0|A lot of people don't care much for this album, and I could never figure out why. This is a straight-forward hard rock album, though it still has a lot of the bluesiness (which was ditched soon thereafter). Songs like  &quot;Young Blood&quot;, &quot;Bloody Luxury&quot;, and the original  &quot;Crying In The Rain&quot; are all excellent! There were maybe 3 or 4  songs that don't stand out, but the rest I find very enjoyable. It's a  shame that Coverdale had to turn 'Snake into a glam rock band in the  mid-late 80's. If you are looking for hair bands, buy the S/T or Slip Of  The Tongue...if you're looking for good, out on the town music...buy this  album!
6302732875|5.0|It doesn't have special effects.  No fight scenes, no sex, no hot chicks, no giant plot twists, no chase scenes.  It's not particularly inventive or revolutionary as far as a movie goes.  However, it is perfect in what it  does.  The performances are absolutely flawless, and the dialogue is simply  genius!  Mamet is like a modern day Shakespeare.  I watch lots of movies,  and what I like sci-fi and action the best.  So why would I say this is my  favorite movie of all time?  Well, it is the only movie that I can watch  over and over without getting bored.  There is always something to analyze,  and the creativity and timing of the conversations never gets old.   Admirable!  If you are open-minded and really like movies, I would  recommend this.  But don't expect to get blown away when you see it.  I  didn't really know what to make of it the first time I saw it.  I thought  it was neat, but not very interesting.  I had to watch it again.  And  again.  And again.  Now, where is my DVD version of this with two  commentary tracks?  I'm dying to see this in widescreen.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|Gwyneth Paltrow's Emma is cute and delightful, mischieviously irritating, but Jeremy Northam fares much better as Mr. Knightley; he manages the rare feat of giving nuances to a comic character.  Paltrow and Northam are a  good love match, and one must admit, the movie's devilishly funny and  heart-warmingly sweet.  Visually, the movie is stunning, and the score is  absolutely enchaning.  A superb directorial debut from Douglas McGrath,  &quot;Emma&quot; is a very good, witty, and charming adaptation.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is probably one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. I finally got a chance to see the English version tonight, and was blown away. It had, by far, the BEST animation that I have ever seen in a  Japanese film. The English dubbing was near PERFECT, and the voices were  VERY suiting for the characters. Claire Danes (San) and Gillian Anderson  (Moro) were by far the best, but the rest were all fitting too. The plot  itself was excellent, and I was not bored once. I sure hope that more  movies like Mononoke get translated into English with this amount of  quality.
B000001GS4|5.0|You just wouldn't believe how this 2-piano version of this magnificent piece is performed.  Personally I have not yet heard an orchestra play this piece with such energy and tenderness at the same time. Nicolas Economou  proved to be a great transcriber.  It should be mentioned that Deutsche  Gramophone chose not to reproduce the original cd, featuring this work  along with the Rachmaninov Symphonic dances, Op. 45, so it is a collector's  item.  The first concerto I am afraid is not the best I have heard from  Martha.  I personally prefer the first version of it with Abbado. But still  some wonderful moments are to be heard from the most loved woman-pianist of  the century.
B000000W5L|1.0|As even Mick Jagger once said to an interviewer &quot;yeah,we were band No.2&quot; referring to the fact that the Stones will always considered second bananas to the four horsemen.ie Beatles. Having said this I quite  like the Stones but this is tripe.Instead try a best of compilation with  real poppy stones type songs such as Jumpin Jack(great song)Gimme  Shelter,Street Fighting Man and  Satisfaction.Hot Rocks or Rolled Gold will  do. Long live band No.2!
6305499365|5.0|Excellent movie!  I've rented it 2 weekends in a row now, buying it today...absolutely hilarious.  The cast is perfect.  Anyone who has worked in this enviorment can relate completely...you'll think it's your life on  camera.  With my company downsizing at the moment, this movie couldn't have  come at a better time...life truly is to short to put up with the BS of the  corporate world...This movie is just what I needed to finally make the  decision to leave! WOOHOO!
0790744295|5.0|Steven King and George A Romero with effects by Tom Savini bring you Creepshow, the greatest homage of E.C. Comics. There are 5 tales presented by The Creep, the best and scariest being Father's Day and The Crate. Fans  will notice there are few seconds of added footage in each tale. The  trailer is a treat, presented in a classic 50's style with a dose of 80's  horror. &quot;Creepshow, the most fun you'll ever have being scared&quot;
6305263248|5.0|Anyone who has ever driven on the Paris 'peripherique' (beltway) will relate instantly to this tale of post-Cold War mercenaries.  The chase sequences are second to none; Frankenheimer obviously recalling his 1966  film 'Grand Prix'.  If you wondered where the field full of unsold Peugeot  605s went - well, most were destroyed in a memorable early chase along the  Cote d'Azure!<br />De Niro is even better than he was in 'Heat', Reno is  basically Leon again ( or the Drummer in 'Subway' if you can remember that  far back....) and Pryce is a reasonably convincing though not very scary  Irish freedom fighter.  McElhone, though, is scary.....<br />The sub-plot with  the ice skater is frankly clumsy and hard to follow but other than that  small point, the acting and French scenery make the film very  watchable.<br />Check your rear-view mirror and if a large German car is  behind you, move over!
B000002UB6|5.0|What more do you need to know?  Just like Mozart anything the fabs did was a masterpiece. If the beatles did an album of stones covers it would still be worth getting,though the material wouldn't be up to their usual  standards.And why  do people who hate the Beatles write reviews?  Its  because so many love them so much and it really irritates them.As for the  CD its another Beatles masterpiece with classics such as Long and Winding  Road,I Me Mine,Let It Be and Across The Universe,you cant go wrong.I also  agree with some other reviewers who want the original Get Back released.DO  IT EMI.NOW!
B000002U8G|5.0|When a friend let me borrow his copy of the CD, I was skeptical. Despite the lack of knowledge of this album's brilliance, this is a must for any floyd fan. Echoes is paricularly brilliant. It's 24 minutes of mind numbing  music comparable to the dark side of the moon. There is not one bad song.  All of the songs flow together as in a natural collection
6305622825|5.0|I first saw this movie at the theater. The commercial made the movie sound intersting, so I went to see the film. It was so good. There was a perfect blend of action, romance, drama and mystery. Every one that I know who saw  it loved it too!  They should make a sequel.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is an amazing movie!  I have loved it since I saw the previews.  I suggested it to all of my friends, but it is showing so far away from where we live! It is very creative and very fun to watch.  I normally hate  annamated movies but this was truly an amazing movie.  If you like animals,  war, love stories(not to much, but just enough), curses, creativity...then  you'll love this movie I guarntee it!
0380977281|5.0|Gainman is of course...a he not a she. Sorry about that
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is, simply put, the best cd I have ever bought and am likely to ever buy in my life.  From &quot;Airbag&quot; to &quot;The Tourist&quot;, every song is beautiful and emotional, and the songs only get better every time  you listen to them.  I listened to it so many times I wore my first copy  out and had to buy another.  Buy this cd. Now.
B000035Z2L|5.0|I just saw this movie a couple hours ago and loved every minute of it. I thought Chris Klein was cute and a great actor (keep it up, Chris!) I hope he's in more movies, because he's great! I thought the laxative part was  the funniest and especially since it happened to Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas).  It's obvious that the guy who screwed Stifler's mom would have a bad  moment! I couldn't stop laughing over the funny parts and oohing and aahing  over Chris Klein!
0679428887|2.0|ARCHANGEL starts off with great atmosphere and detail, and the suspense builds through three-quarters of the novel.  Unfortunately, the ending was contrived and absurd by comparison.  It almost read as &quot;X-Files Visits  Siberia&quot;!
1573226521|5.0|The Beach by Alex Garland is a great book and should be included as one of the best freshman books ever.  It's fast paced (but not to fast paced so that you don't know what's going on half the time) and can easily be read  by even a casual reader in less than a week and a half.  I'm only 14 and it  took me only two weeks.  You can't put it down.
1573226521|5.0|Isn't it unfortunate that this absolutely phenomenal book had to be adapted into such a terrible film?  I am the first one to say that this book would make for a great movie but what in the world was Danny Boyle  thinking when he decided that Jed and Cassie, or for that matter character  development as a concept, weren't important for the film?  Or that the  movie needed a happy ending?  Or that every single telling moment of the  book should be cut?  Or that the audience wouldn't understand anything  remotely subtle?  The film is perhaps the most condescending literary  adaptation I've ever seen.  There are childrens films with more depth and  insight than the film The Beach.  If you love the book, don't see the  movie.  What was Danny Boyle thinking?  Who knows.  Perhaps the movie was  an adaptation of the Cliff notes he skimmed through one day.
B00002EPJH|1.0|This is the worst.  Even when I did not care for Jarrett Igave him credit for taking chances and he was rarely boring.  This isinsomniac's delight. Don't bother unless you like really boring music.
0380002930|5.0|I read this book because my sister did and loved it.  This is pretty amazing, because my sister never likes anything.  When i first started, I thought, okay, talking bunnies, sounds like redwall.  But as I got into it  more, I found it to be much different, and a whole lot better!  The  characters are far more developed, and their personalities are far more  unique (it seems every readwall characters name is martin or logalog)  Most  people i find who hate it were required to read it for school ( i said most  not all) and perhaps they just didn't want to read it so they went in with  a bad attitude.  This book can teach you alot if you want to know it.  I  have learned alot from reading it only once, and i found it intriguing and  fanscinating.  Anyone who read it and hated it should read it again. You  can learn alot from little talking bunnies if you just try!
B00000IN5G|5.0|Deffinately a must own for any fan of melodic death/thrash/speed metal with a classical influence. After putting this cd in my cd player, I cant take it out. CoB are all teenagers, but the music they produce is purely  unbelievable. Lead guitarist/vocalist pulls off riffs and solos that would  make any proffesional jelous and he is 19 for god's sake. Keyboards fit in  very nicely as well and the double bass drumming sound like machine guns  are going off through out all of the songs. Deffinately a classical  influence there as well and you will know what I mean when you hear the  guitar solos. Note that the vocals are death metal vocals, and there are no  clean vocals here what so ever. The faint of heart need not apply but a  deffinate must own for any metal fan who enjoys that extra heavy push that  just makes you want to mosh and bang your head non-stop. If you love In  Flames and other melodic death metal bands you will love Children of Bodom  as well. Do yourself a favor and get this album now, while you are at it,  check out CoB's first album(Something Wild) also a great masterpiece.
B000002H38|5.0|What a voice.This was Anita's second Album,and what a Joy. &quot;You bring me Joy,&quot; is one of my favorite songs ever,next to Carly Simon's,&quot;Were so Close.&quot; I play this song everytime I'm on  vacation,and looking at the Ocean. I hit the repeat button over and over  again. Every song on this CD is great.&quot;Sweet Love,&quot; the first  single from the record was a huge hit for Anita,along with &quot;Caught up  in the Rapture.&quot; I have bought every CD Anita's recorded after this  one,and never have I been dissapointed,but this one's the best She has  given us. I hope Anita gets back in the recording studio,and we get another  taste of that beutifull voice.
B000002I27|4.0|Jimbo nearly made himself into a real poet on this one. None of that silly Oedipal stuff from the debut album &amp; none of the bullcrap love songs with horns that sunk later LPs. The two &quot;Strange&quot; songs are what  we'd hoped for from this band. &quot;My Eyes Have Seen You,&quot;  &quot;Moonlight Mile&quot; &amp; &quot;You're Lost Little Girl&quot; are  first rate album cuts. &quot;When the Music's Over&quot; is more  interesting lyrically &amp; musically than &quot;The End,&quot; based so it  seems on a riff from &quot;Soul Kitchen.&quot; The slackers who think  Morrison was an 80 proof literary genius can keep &quot;Horse  Latitudes.&quot; I prefer &quot;Strange Days&quot; as a rock &amp; roll  album, more or less. Fun cover pic, too. <BR> <BR> Bob Rixon, WFMU-FM
157492589X|5.0|The mini-series Lonesome Dove is a great movie and the best entertainment value for the price. There is a misconception that the single tpae Hallmark veriosn is 2 hours shorter than the orginial. The baox does say it is 4  hours but is a typo as I timed it and it is indeed 6 hours.  Also a two  tape version is now coming out.
0425170055|5.0|This book was outstanding!  I loved every single page of this incredible story.  I read this book the summer it came out during that time the embassies in Africa were bombed, Rainbow was looking very good about then.   This book has one of the best storylines i have ever seen!   It makes you  think if we really have a group like this out there i think it would be a  good idea.  They aree probably operating right now......and we would never  know.  If one of them is reading this keep up the good work.....
B00003IPFK|5.0|The mini-series Lonesome Dove is a great movie and the best entertainment value for the price. There is a misconception that the single tape Hallmark version is 2 hours shorter than the orginial. The box does say it is 4  hours but is a typo as I timed it and it is indeed 6 hours.  Also a two  tape version is now coming out.
B000002LFU|4.0|The album that introduced the world to REM before the sales conquering Out Of Time. Political and questioning, Green was REM's most commercial offering yet. Orange Crush has stood the test of time, still vibrant and  Stand was the catchiest song REM penned in the eighties. Turn You Inside  Out and Get Up are the most rocking numbers and You Are Everything brings  in the acoustic instruments. So another fine REM album, but when hasn't  there been? One final note, check the CD packaging of Green and you will  see that track 4 `Stand' is listed under the letter `R' when all other  tracks are numbered. On the front cover, under a bright light look closely  at the letter `R' in `Green' and `REM'. What was the band's intention  behind that?
0449227545|2.0|Having read all of Ken Follett's novels I was very disappointed with this one. This is an entertaining thriller to read while you're on a plane or at the beach but Ken Follett can write so much better.<br />I actually had the  same feeling after finishing &quot;Eden's&quot; predecessor, &quot;The  Third Twin&quot;, which was that Mr. Follett did a very superficial job on  the story. It could have been a good thriller but it's way below his usual  standard.<br />Read &quot;Triple&quot;, &quot;Pillars&quot;,  &quot;Needle&quot; or anything else except Ken Follett's first two and last  two novels.
B00002E23E|4.0|I've had the vhs for years and without question this is a beloved, incredible, definitive rock classic. I could be wrong; but the vhs version appeared to me to be equal or better quality than the dvd! Come on Jimmy,  you've remastered everything else. Why not give us TSRTS movie all cleaned  up and with the extra concert footage. While I'm at it, we desparately want  videos from all the other major tours also. How long must we wait for  Seattle '77?
0790733226|5.0|When I first saw &quot;Contact&quot; in the theater, a few audience members walked out on it. So buyer (or renter) beware: This is not a science fiction movie for everyone. If, however, you are interested in a  sci-fi movie that puts ideas before special effects...look no  further.<br />There are no ray guns in &quot;Contact.&quot; There are no  bug-eyed aliens. No explosions. (Actually, strike that. There is one  explosion. Perhaps the most spectacular explosion I've ever seen in a  movie.)<br />What &quot;Contact&quot; has instead is ideas. What will  mankind's first contact with an alien species really be like? It won't be  pointy-eared Vulcans landing in their spaceships. It won't be nasty, slimy  aliens blowing up the White House. It will, more than likely, go something  like this: A young, driven radio astronomer (Jodie Foster in a role which  surely should have gotten her another Oscar nomination) hears a radio  signal from somewhere out there...<br />Incidently, how many of you know that  Carl Sagan started working on the screenplay to &quot;Contact&quot; before  he started writing the novel? Sometimes the wheels of Hollywood turn very  slowly.
B000002UUX|3.0|Is it just me, or am I the only metal fan in the world who isn't blowing his proverbial wad over this album?  Hey, I love Megadeth, but compared to their earlier, anger-fueled albums (see So Far, So Good...So What! for the  prime killer), this sounds cold, vacuous, and, well, sales-oriented.  It  starts out promising with the masterful &quot;Holy Wars...The Punishment  Due&quot;, but then shifts down to cruise for almost the entire remainder  of the album. This is a seriously dumbed-down 'Deth that lacks the wicked  cleverness and snotty sarcasm that were so wildly entertaining.  Hate to  say it, but General Mustaine was a lot more fun and thought provoking when  he was shooting up.  I dunno, maybe I just don't get it...still a riff  monster, though.
6302424887|5.0|A friend at work saw me reading Shakespeare on my lunch break.  He complained that he couldn't wrap himself around the Bard, but he pointed out he hadn't read any Shakespeare since high school (he was now in his  thirties).  I pointed him at this rendition of Macbeth, and he was  hooked.<br />I bought this video on a blind recommendation, a leap of faith  that really paid off.  Roman Polanski does what most other directors are  afraid to do -- he treated the script like one that came over the transom  yesterday, cutting and fitting to make it tell the story he wanted to tell.   This was brave on his part, an untested method, a leap of faith that  really paid off.  Compare this to Branagh's Hamlet, in which the director  was afraid to cut anything out, and created a product long enough to  stultify even Cecil B. DeMille.<br />Some people complain about the violence.   Bear in mind this was Polanski's first movie since the death of his wife,  Sharon Tate, at the hands of the Manson cult.  Some complain about the  short shrift given the female characters.  Polanski tried to tell a story  about the murderous impulses in men; the women to him were storytelling  devices.  There are imperfections -- it was made by a human being after all  -- but it's the best cinematic Shakespeare you're likely to get this side  of resurrecting the Bard and getting him to direct it for you.
B0000028RR|5.0|This first Rage album is incredible. Fierce, passionate lyrics behind great music. Tom Morello is one of the only guitar-heroes left. this album is just barely better than Battle of Los Angeles. The best tracks are  5,6,10,1,2 and 3. Also, check out track 4, which I think is good. If you  have the Matrix soundtrack and liked Wake Up you will love this album  because that is one of the worst songs on the CD.
0060922583|5.0|I think it's a great book.  I'm not going to go into detail about it since so many others have, but I will say that allthough some of it gets farfetched, it remains interesting and gives you questions you never even  thought about before.
B000007T1M|4.0|This CD is great. Although it is no classic it still is a very good CD. Check out tracks 1,3,7 and 10. If you like Rage Against the Machine and other metal bands, you should like this CD.
0393316041|5.0|This book is a jewel.  One would be hard pressed to find a more comical and enjoyable book to read - anywhere.  Feynman is the scientist who breaks (or should I say, shatters?) the stereotype of the lab-coat physicist who  wears thick, taped up glasses.  The great Richard P. Feynman is a testament  to how great we as a race can me.  I like to think of him as a cross  between Goethe &amp; Robin Williams (and I do NOT mean that in any sort of  deragatory way).  As a physicist, he was top notch, but as a person he was  something even more.  He had a marvelous sense of humor &amp; enjoyed  playing pranks on people.  His love of life spilled over to all the people  he met during his sojourn on the planet.  I only wish that I had been one  of those lucky few to have met &amp; known him personally.  Perhaps what is  most remarkable about him is that he had friends from all walks of life.  Many were scientists, yes, but many more were &quot;ordinary&quot; people  off the street.  That is rather noteworthy given the fact that so many Ivy  league-calibre professors feel that they too &quot;intellectually  gifted&quot; to associate with the rest of we mere mortals.  Someone once  said that Edwin Hubble wasn't a humble man, but then again, Hubble didn't  have very much to be humble about.  I would argue that one could say the  latter of Feynman as well, but not the former.  READ THIS BOOK and share  the experiences of one of the most extraordinary and yet fun loving  personages of the 20th century (if not all time).  I guarantee it will make  you laugh like few other books you will ever read.
B000000OUJ|5.0|This is an absolutly amazing album,  and cetrainly the Best of the Wu tang solo efforts.   From Liquid Swords, to Labels, and Shadowboxing (featuring a great method man verse) Liquid Swords is among the top hip hop albums  ever.  Critics will say Raekwon's Only built 4 Cuban links, is the best of  the Wu solo efforts,  but dont belive the hype.. its GZA and Liquid Swords
B00001XT76|5.0|I thought that this movie was very good. It is a forbidden love story with a lot of dancing and is a movie I never get tired of. It is about this family taht goes to stay  in a hotel where the staff are not treated so  well. Baby (Jennifer Grey) helps one of the staff pay for a doctor but she  and Jhonny (Patrick Swayzee) have to do the dance and so he teaches it to  her and they fall for each other. I really loved this movie and I think  that everyone should give it a try.
B00000K19E|3.0|i really enjoyed the movie...the concept was creative and different i thought. It was a fast moving movie with lots of special effects...it was really good right up to its limp end...i was left feeling...thats it? thats  all of it?
0465068359|1.0|There is no question that the Sino-Japanese battle in Nanking was an especially bloody affair.  Also there is little doubt that, as in many similar conflicts, many civilians were unnecessarily killed. To say that no civilian lives were lost would obviously be absurd.  However to portray  the Nanking battle as a &quot;holocaust&quot; is merely to play into the  hands of communist Chinese propagandists.  The civilian death toll in  Nanking was initially put at 140,000 during the military tribunal in Tokyo  shortly after WWII.  Today serious scholars inside and outside Japan reckon  that they have managed to piece together what really happened.  The battle,  they think, probably involved 40,000-60,000 deaths. What makes the  Chinese claim that up to 300,000 civilians were slaughtered by Japanese  troops particularly distasteful is not only the sheer magnitude of the  overestimation but also the cynical calculus behind it.  The Chinese  leadership in Beijing wants to ensure that the Nanking tragedy was of  greater historical significance than the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and  Nagasaki, in which approximately 210,000 civilians were instantaneously  incinerated.  Hence the fictional 300,000 figure. That a communist  propaganda book like Chang's \\"Rape of Nanking\\" has passed without  much scrutiny in this country is a tribute to the openness and tolerance of  our society.  It is also a frightening reflection of our own historical  ignorance.
6304935870|4.0|I'm not a big fan of war films, but this is one of the best.  The suspense builds and the attack scene is one of the best staged battle sequences I've ever seen.
6305603847|5.0|To begin, I wasn't a Pink Floyd fan until I saw The Wall while in high school.I bought the movie and the CD the next day.You don't have to be a Floyd fan to enjoy this movie!  It has an excellent story line and an nice  visuals, even better with some &quot;chemical enhancement.&quot; The  picture and sound is a definite improvement over the VHS version, which I  still own. The interactive menus are very cool,as is the hour plus of  documentary. One of my favorite extras on the DVD is the trailer!  Very  early 80's!  Even if you already own it on VHS, buy it on DVD! You WON'T be  disappointed!  Trust me!
630575067X|1.0|This movie is all hype.  I tried not to get excited about seeing the movie so that I would not  expect too much, but finally I did watch it.  I would give this movie two stars if it were not for  the fact that it was a Lucas  film.  This movie is  not half as good as any other Lucas film including  Willow.  The dialogue is terrible and none of the characters are  sympathetic.  Young Annakin is the worst character of them all.  Jar Jar  Binks is the worst creation in the history of computers.  He is not funny  at all and he doesn't look real either.  Am I the only person who thought  the special effects were terrible?  The entire battle scene was boring and  fake.  I can not enjoy a movie if the characters have no personality.   Little kids may like this, but I'm sure they would prefer the original star  wars trilogy.  This movie makes me wonder if George Lucas really cares  about making a good movie, or if he is just in it for the billions and  billions of dollars the movie will make.
0553278223|5.0|Martain Chronicles was one of the first Science Fiction books I have read, and I enjoyed it thoroughly.  The books power lies not in the fact that it is scientifically accurate or plausible, but that it forces its readers to  think.  As a high school student reading this book for a project I found  that it is very easy to write on.  It is without a doubt one of the best  books I have read in high school and I feel that it is not a book for those  who have read little other material.  An interest in Poe, and also some  knowledge of F451 was very helpful and lends a great deal to the value of  the book.  I hope that you decide to read this book, because it is a great  look at the past through speculating on the future.
6304711875|4.0|I thought that SCREAM used many of the same assets as HALLOWEEN. I did not find it frightening, although, the ending was original. Overall, the movie was pretty good.
068484267X|5.0|This is a memoir of humor, tragedy, and the trappings of culture and religion.  Not being Irish but raised as a Catholic, Angela's Ashes brought back memories of catechism classes taught by strict rules adapted to the  culture of the times.  I remember being taught that only Catholics went to  heaven and that any and all sexual thoughts or deeds would damn one to  Hell. This is not to undermine, however, the book's trajic story about  poverty, alcoholism and growing up in a culture where the &quot;drink&quot;  is associated with many social activities.  Additionally, Frank McCourt  writes a memoir that personifies the American dream.  It touches a chord  inside all of us because we have all heard similiar stories passed on to us  by our own parents and grandparents.  Angela's Ashes makes us both proud  and sad to be Americans, lets us snicker at some silly long-held beliefs,  and forces us to question the wisdom and the teachings of our religious and  societal rules.  It is a book that stays with you for a very long time.
0780020685|5.0|The commentary on the DVD version of Seven Samurai is extremely informative for any Gaijin.  The commentator explains all kinds of subtleties not apparent to the non-Japanese viewer, such as how many of  even the smallest non-speaking parts are played by famous actors familiar  at the time throughout Japan.  Lots of fascinating stories behind the  stories.  Really taught me to appreciate Kurosawa and Toshiro Mifune.  If  you own a DVD player you must buy this DVD, even if you already own the  film on tape.  I wish all Japanese films had English-language commentary  like this one.
6304385668|5.0|Historical films are notoriously inaccurate. (&quot;Braveheart&quot;, for example, is a terrific movie but all over the place historically.) Drama, after all, is oftentimes inconsistent with the tides of history. Which was  why I was so impressed to read a magazine article some time ago touting the  film's attention to detail and accuracy. I made a special note of wanting  to see &quot;Michael Collins&quot;. Am I ever glad I did. This is a  wonderful, wonderful movie.<br />&quot;Michael Collins&quot; is the story of a  member of the Irish Republican Army who succeeded in leading Ireland to  independence, but at great cost. A participant in the famous &quot;Easter  Rising&quot; of 1916, Collins was arrested and became a leader in the Irish  independence movement. Collins was an extraordinary leader who devised  guerilla warfare tactics to fight the English army that would later be used  by the Viet Cong, and daringly rescued Eamon DeValeria, the man who would  become the leader of Ireland and whom many believe was responsible for  Collins death. Collins also negotiated the treaty which ended 700 years of  English rule in Ireland, and as Commander of the Irish Provisional Army was  forced to fight against guerillas opposed to the treaty (which left the  northern six counties a part of England and delayed full independence). The  irony was that Collins was forced to hunt down and kill the very men he  trained. Many in Ireland look on Collins as a hero, others as a traitor.  His death is, like the Kennedy assassination, a great controversy- nobody  has the faintest idea who killed him. As historical figures go, few are as  controversial or as romanticized as Collins. The film covers the 1916-1922  era of Collins life, from the Easter Rising until his death.<br />Writer &amp;  Director Neil Jordan clearly has passion for the project and it shows.  Collins is a real hero to Jordan and the director goes to great lengths to  be as accurate as possible and to show us Collinsin action. <br />Perhaps  Jordan's best move was in casting Liam Neeson in the part. Neeson is a very  talented actor who delivers a terrific performance in the title role.  Neeson's Collins is firey, angry, passionate, hates war, longs for peace.  It is hard to imagine anyone else in the part.<br />The rest of the cast is  good- Alan Rickman is impressive as Eamon DeValeria, a difficult role to  play given how much DeValeria and Collins are at odds with one another in  the end. Aidan Quinn, Julia Roberts, and Stephen Rea are all also good in  their supporting roles as Collins best friend, the woman the two men  compete for, and the English agent who provides Collins with critical  intelligence.<br />In terms of location and cinematography, it is hard to do  better than this. Jordan has painstakingly recreated Ireland &amp; Dublin  of 1916-1922, and it looks stunningly beautiful and stunningly realistic.  One actually feels like you are seeing the real Ireland of the early part  of the century instead of a recreation.<br />&quot;Michael Collins&quot; is a  wonderful film that history lovers and people fascinated with Ireland will  adore. Highly recommended.
B000002ADT|5.0|I've purchased several disks of this as gifts for friends, that haven't got into Jazz yet. Perhaps the best intro to Jazz there is. This is a monster CD! With Miles, Trane, Cannonball and Bill Evans alone you've got a  good percentage of some of the titans of the modern Jazz world. Music that  wows me everytime I listen. Go Miles! And go out and buy this essential  disk that belongs in any collection.
B00000K19E|5.0|this is the best movie there is,and probably ever will be.(except for maybe the sequel)This movie is pure genious!I had to watch Matrix more than 2 times before i understood it, but now that i do it is auwsome!I watched  blade,thinking it would rival MAtrix,but it didnt live up to my  expectations because of minor flaws.Go out now and watch and or rent this  movie!
6303421563|5.0|This is simply one of my favorite films.  Luc Besson's style is irresistible and brings this familiar and formulaic film to live. Gary Oldman is always good as a villain, and Natalie Portman's debut is moving.   But it is Jean Reno who steals the show.  His quiet and subtle performance  makes him one of the best actors now a day who's not good looking.  This  film is emotional and explosively entertaining through out. A must see!
0783226004|5.0|&quot;Sneakers&quot; is the perfect movie, it has absolutley everything you could want in a movie, action,suspense, comedy, thrills, everything. The excellent cast does superb work. I really like this movie it is one of  my favorites. My only complaint is a minor one and it isn't even about the  movie, the DVD version says on the cover that the film is in widescreen but  it is not. (I like my movies in widescreen).
B0000024RZ|4.0|This album is a good listen from beginning to end. From the title song, right through to then end, this is an accessible album that shows an open and honest Dylan. Part protest, part sarcasm, and all emotional, the songs  within speak the true Bob that many don't know. I won't even single out any  particular songs, as I feel the whole album must be taken in it's context.  One last note on this piece of work. In listening to &quot;Restless  Farewell', the closing song, I am reminded of an Irish traditional song  entitled, &quot;The Parting Glass'. If listened to closely, the  similarities both in lyrics and music can be spotted. Honest folk fans  won't be disappointed.
0767803434|5.0|&quot;Air Force One&quot; is a great movie, one of the best action thrillers of it's kind since &quot;Speed&quot;in 1994. Harrison Ford as always is perfect in this role as the president of the United States, and  the rest of the cast give good performances also. The action scenes in this  movie are clever, original, suspenseful. The DVD is also great while there  arent many extras on the disc the transfer was just as good as it was in  theaters if not better, the sound is actually better and if you have a good  sound system it's even better.
6304666799|2.0|This production is not for everyone, especially fans of traditional ballet and Tchaikovsky.  While the overall production is of a very high caliber, I found occasional vocal interruptions by the cast during the performance  (yowls of &quot;hurrah!&quot; for instance) to be especially disturbing.   Do not purchase this video unless you are familiar with the contents.   Definitely not appropriate for children!
0790729725|5.0|&quot;Goodfellas&quot; is a masterpiece, one of my favorite films and one of the best ever made. The DVD is very dissapointing though. When Warner Bros. released &quot;Goodfellas&quot; on DVD it was one of the very first  titles released thats why the DVD is weak, after an hour you have to get up  and turn the disc over, very annoying. Hopefully Warner Bros. will  rerelease this movie on DVD but for now stick with the cassette. Besides  the DVD though this is an amazing movie, amazing acting,directing, editing,  music, everything.
0671042858|5.0|I am an avid reader of Steven King. The last book that I read of his was one by Richard Bachman, The Running Man, and what a difference! King paints a masterful picture, leaving you up at 4 a.m still reading. Don't turn it  down because if it's size. It maybe short, but it is jam packed with  details. Steven takes you back to when you were a kid. And all of the  horrific fears that went with it.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Full of insight, so close to us, yet so far. It brought my mind above the clouds. It's a real piece of art and touches all the senses. Funny, dramatic, poetic, tragic, real, unreal. The actors were great and the  camera excellent. Sam Mendes won't be forgotten.
078322608X|4.0|The reason why I gave &quot;12 Monkeys&quot; 4 stars instead of five was that the movie was WAY too wierd and the asylum was too much to handle. The movie is good because of the camera angles and origanalism. &quot;12  Monkeys&quot; is like a wierder, better, cookier &quot;The 5th  Element.&quot;
B000002HPV|5.0|Buying this CD is like getting your hands on Pandora's Box... it's a treasure chest with a whole new, magical world inside just waiting to be discovered!  From the tense, sparse opening of Hunter to the mellow,  soothing sounds of 'All is full of love', this CD will never cease to amaze  and delight the listener with the wide range of musicality and mysticism.   It's as if Bjork herself has a crystal ball and is looking into the future  of music, and bringing us back just a taste of what is to come in the new  century.   The outstanding tracks for me are 'Joga' and 'Bachelorette',  both with soaring string arrangements and astounding lyrical content, but  the simplicity and touching quality of 'Unravel' will haunt you for as long  as you live.  Buy it! This album WILL change your life.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine and Rene really outdid themselves this time. It was a perfect collection of her songs including the 7 new ones. &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; is a great new pop song that sounds like it was made in heaven.  The melodies, the harmonies, the beat, the expression and feeling that  people are able to get out of this song is just amazing. Then the duet with  Frank Sinatra &quot;All The Way&quot; I'm a huge Frank Sinatra fan, and so  is my father. For a choir singing show we did the duet together. Everybody  bragged for us. We rocked! So, this is a definete yes for anyone who loves  different types of music.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Although I thought Savage Garden's first album expressed a wider range of music, I absolutely ADORE this album.<br />By reading the previous reviews, I think I must be very strange because my favorites are &quot;Crash and  Burn&quot; (without a doubt) and &quot;Two Beds and a Coffee Machine&quot;.  I think &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; is a perfect example of true friendship.  <br />This album is definately different than the first one. I suppose overall  it is more pop than than the first one, but that is NOT a bad thing. There  is not one song on this album that I don't like.<br />I will definately listen  to this album over and over and over again (in fact, I listen to it as I  write this). I LOVE it.<br />One note that I would like to make is that this  is an album that I truly would rather LISTEN to than see videos from it. I  think we lose the impact of lyrics when we have video producers/directors  tells us what we should feel about these song. Personally I cry when I hear  and LISTEN to &quot;Crash and Burn&quot;. I don't know if that would happen  with a video.
B00003XB8K|4.0|It is good enough so I bought it, but it feels like the whole album was thrown together in a month or so. There's plenty of inspiration out there. Perhaps Mihai should get out into the real world a little. I wouldn't mind  seeing a great concert a la Jean Michel Jarre mode. I wished Sandra would  still be part of the project since I like her voice (she's very pretty as  well). Well... let's hope the next one will be surprisingly new and good  and that we don't have to wait a decade for it to happen.
0440234743|4.0|I finished the book, so it at least gets three stars.  I looked forward to reading each day, so add another one.  Was it great!   Nah, but I was moved by the main character accepting Christ into his life.
B000002LHT|2.0|Brain Drain was the last album to feature Dee Dee Ramone as a member of the band.  The band's inner turmoil is evident in what is their second-to-worst album (their prior album, Halfway To Sanity, is the worst).   Fortunately, there is still some good songs, including &quot;I Believe In  Miracles,&quot; &quot;Punishment Fits The Crime,&quot; &quot;Pet  Sematary,&quot; and &quot;Mery Christmas (I Don't Want To Fight  Tonight).&quot;  The album also contains one of the Ramones' best cover  songs, &quot;Palisades Park.&quot;  While the Ramones never recorded a  terrible record, Brain Drain is not among their best.
B000002GYR|4.0|It's 2:00am and that bottle of Jack is paying you back, whispering loneliness.    You think back to the girl you once loved - the girl you lost.  You know you shouldn't think of her, but it's as if the memory  itself is what drives you.  <br />Tom Waits gave us a nice collection of tunes  with this album.   &quot;Martha&quot; is beautiful.  &quot;Lonely&quot; is  what it is.  It's funny...  Mention Tom Waits to most people, and - if they  even know who he is - they'll just see him as this Charles Bukowski guy  with a hoarse voice.  The early Tom Waits gave us some of the most  beautiful ballads.  He paints a picture that few (Springsteen, Nick Cave  are the only ones that come to mind) could ever rival.    His work is  infused with poetic grace; his is a drunken ode to melancholy.<br />This  album, like &quot;Frank's Wild Years&quot;, is a perfect introduction to  his music.  Check it out...
B000002IZ4|4.0|Core may have hit harder,&amp; Tiny Music may mix bravery with bubblegum,but Purple is where STP shed the quipes at being the &quot;Stone Gossard  Pilots&quot;.They come into they're own sound as well as bring in  a varied mix of songs.Interstate Love Songs is the best of the lot as well  as the hypnotic Vasoline.Big Empty is superior to the similarly sounding  Creep(from Core).Even the non singles stand up well(Meatplow,Pretty  Penny,and the third track which slips my mind at the moment).Even if the  industry washes STP of their hands(due to Scott Wieland's recent woes and  no.4's less-than-stellar chart performance)Purple will stand as the one  album where they survived the barbs as well as the sophmore slump.
B00000K19E|5.0|Move over Phantom Menace and George Lucas cause The Matrix totally destroyed Star Wars 1.Our world a computer generated world made by artifical intel designed for one reason to make us slaves.<br />   Under there  power to keep us under control for energy.Neo who is played by Keanu Reeves  who is a software programmer and by night a software hacker is approched by  a mysterious girl named Trinity a strong willed feedom fighter for a band  or rebels. The question will be answerd for him '' What is The Matrix'' by  a man named Morpheous.<br />    He gives Neo a choice either remain in the  computer generated world or see and find out the truth he gives him a blue  and red pill to choose from.He takes the red pill and after that he gets a  slimey rebirth in a machine,challenges morpheous with super quick  reflexes,learns how to rebound bullits,and holds a helicopter with his  hands.<br />   Until Neo becomes the one with godlike powers like being able  to slow down bullets and destroy<br />The Matrix program.<br />   This is an eye  popping visually stunning wild  ride.Just as Star Wars did 22 years ago The  Matrix did by designing there own style of visual effects and digital  animation wich very well could get the Acadamy Award,it's much more lush  than Star Wars 1 ,the dvd will give you an inside look a glimpse of  bringing this hugely succesful movie to life and show you key scenes to a  incredible science ficton epic.All in all The Matrix is a technical marval  and a truly entertaining film it's a ride buckel up cause this one sky  rockets.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Not since Steely Dan and Boston has a group used the studio as an additional instrument along with guitar,bass &amp; drums.The attention to detail is amazing and even the songs tempo shift and key changes make this required listening for three chord Charlies everywhere.Each song stand on their own merit from the kick booty opener Cherub Rock to the sweet open ended closer Luna(which they improve upon on MCATIS'sGoodnight).Disarm uses cellos and acoustic power chords to unbelievable effect while Quiet's unexpected time signature change feels instinctual.Silver**** the one chord 8 minute jamfest is the epitomy of grunge improv while Mayonase was composed due to a junky guitars tendency to emit a wailing sound.Soma goes from dreamy to screamy and back.Like other visionaries of music Billy's not the greatest singer,but like Dylan before him,it's about what he's conveying than how he sings it.One of the greatest albums of the 90's Siamese Dreams has yet to be preceded.
B000000FG8|5.0|When I first heard this CD I loved it.  It's one of those CD's where you can play the whole thing through and every song is great.  Still to this day I'm not sick of them.  I reccomend this CD to anyone who likes ska/  punk without any horns, just pure bliss.  You won't regret it.
B000023VR6|4.0|Dre 2001 is a killa album.  He and eminem are flowin.  There is a wide range of bass lines and tempos that keep you listening to the whole cd. This is one of those you will keep in your car cd player for weeks!
6300248550|5.0|I have always been a Jane Eyre fanatic.  I have all of the movie versions which are available .  This video version of the novel is the best of them all.  You really feel the story from Jane's earlier years as a child  through her ripe old age of 19.  Timothy Dalton does some of his best work  as Mr.Rochester.  Ruggedly handsome and masterful.  Julian Amyes was a  delightful suprise as Jane.  I had never seen her before this video .  I  enjoyed her acting immensely.  She becomes less mousy , more beautiful as  the storyline unfolds and you begin to see her for her personality and dry  sense of humor.  Anyone interested in a great love story that has a well  written script with believable acting will love this period piece.
0783225970|5.0|This being my first and currently only DVD title (I bought this months before the player!), I cannot compare the screen quality with others. However, I am very pleased with the features! I've noticed things I've never seen before with the widescreen format, have had fun reading the  subtitles to figure out what characters have been saying all along, and the  extras are great -- the Making Of documentary, the outtakes, etc. One  drawback: I would have liked to have seen the extra footage included in the  televised version! Otherwise, this is a fabulous disk, and arguably Al  Pacino's best role and acting to date! Absolutely recommended for all  Scarface fans.
B00000DC10|5.0|I was pretty doubting this would be the shape of punk to come, but is the most amazing cd I have ever heard.  As charged as Propagandhi, with more innovation than I thought possible with &quot;punk&quot; music...  WONDERFULL MUSIC!
6305265488|5.0|I love this movie so much because she stole my heart as always and I've seen it before because it's the story about Cinderella,who lives with her stepmother and her sisters and it's the perfect movie for all times.
0195067142|5.0|E.B. Sledge has written a first hand account of the island hopping campaign against Japan with the flair of a historian and the brutal reality of one who was there. This theater differed so much from the battle against  Germany, and Sledge does a wonderful job of relating the hellish aspects of  these battles, while showing the day to day operations of Marines against  not only a fierce and deadly-cunning enemy, but also how the tropics, with  it's intense heat, disease and lack of cover contributed considerable  casualties themselves. This book graphically recalls the almost inhumane  suffering of the Marines against a completely committed and suicidal enemy,  and the enormous sacrifices these men had to make, without ever once  straying into a patriotic and flag waving history lesson. His descriptions  are vivid and unforgettable, such as when he trudged up a hill and saw what  remained of a dead Japanese machine-gunner. &quot;He sat bolt upright in  the firing position behind the breech of his machine gun. Even in death his  eyes stared widely along the gun sights. Despite the vacant look of his  dilated pupils, I couldn't believe he was dead. Cold chills ran along my  spine. Gooseflesh tickled my back. It seemed as though he was looking  through me to all eternity, that at any instant he would raise his hands,  which rested in a relaxed manner on his thighs, grip the handles on the  breech, and press the thumb trigger. But he would rot, and the brass slugs  would corrode. Neither he nor his ammo could do any more for the  emporer.&quot; This is but one of many excellent descriptions of  battlefield hell.  Maggot covered corpses bloating in the sun, hand to hand  fighting with special night infiltration squads, even a column of soldiers  who charge at port arms across 300 yards of open field in a suicidal  display of bravery, it's all here.  This book will not disappoint.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Personaly i found this to be a very enjoyable album.  To many people bought this cd for &quot;take a picture&quot; then come here and complain about why it sounds like &quot;welcome to the fold&quot; in places. Patick  has emotion filled lyrics and great guitar riffs.  The music is easy to  identify with, and works as a release for those of us who need it.  Over  all it isn't the best album i own but a very good one non the less.  well  worth the money.
B00001U0DP|5.0|As a comedian, Roberto Bengini has few contemporaries, ranking on the short list that includes Jim Carrey and Robin Williams. His films are `monsters' in Italy, and it is only through using this tremendous influence  that \\"Life is Beautiful\\" was able to be made.<br />A delightful fable of  innocence and love---how can life be beautiful when it's set amongst the  most grizzly and disturbing circumstances of our lifetime? only through the  enlightened vision and dedication of the filmmaker.<br />Life is Beautiful  will garner its share of Oscar noms, and will likely be seen in the US by  more people than any non-English speaking film. If you haven't seen it,  shame on you.
B000002KBU|5.0|I'm 17 and am just getting into Joni Mitchell music, and this is the first album of hers I've gotten. I decided to get this after hearing Tori Amos's cover of &quot;A Case Of You&quot; and I wanted to hear Joni's version, and  I'm very happy that I did. <br />&quot;A Case Of You&quot; is wonderful and  completely different from Tori's (which is also beautiful), and the entire  album is like a breath of fresh air. Joni has a pure lightness about her  voice that I haven't heard from anyone else, and she moves so easily from  the lower notes to high ones. Her songs are fun to sing, it's no wonder  they've been covered by so many artists.<br />The particular songs on this  album are a nice mix of slow, sad songs like &quot;Little Green&quot; and  &quot;River&quot; and bouncy upbeat ones like &quot;California&quot; and  &quot;Carey&quot;, and some songs that fit in between. The songs mesh  nicely, and are about love, life, and loss, which, while not different from  what most artists are about, are worded very eloquently, with beautiful  melodies and chords that are still unusual even with all the different  music available today. <br />If you're just getting into Joni and don't know  where to start, I'd definitely recommend getting this album. I've listened  to it repeatedly since I got it and it hasn't tired one bit. I look forward  to getting more of her music.
6303014100|5.0|Wonderful depiction of the events leading to a pivotal battle of the Civil War, the battle of Gettysburg, with a focus on 3 key individuals: Confederate General Robert E. Lee (played brilliantly by Martin Sheen),  Lee's second, Lt. General James Longstreet (Tom Berenger), and Union  Col  Joshua Chamberlain (Jeff Daniels).<br />Truly classic storytelling beautifully  presented. Each key event is intelligently and gently depicted leaving  little of the battles, the personalities, and the actions to be  misunderstood. I felt much closer to the unfortunate events that were our  Civil War than I  ever imagined. I don't consider myself ignorant as a  rule, but to tell the truth I never envisioned that the battles were  basically fought hand-to-hand, face-to-face, long lines of fighting men  falling, almost randomly, on both sides.<br />This movie, along with John  Frankenheimer's \\"Andersonville\\" jump-started a serious interest for me in  these historical docudramas, and the Civil War in particular. Thank you Mr.  Frankenheimer, and Mr. Ronald Maxwell (director of \\"Gettysburg\\").
B00000163G|3.0|All Eyez On Me is a fly album, but it's not as good as Tupac's first three albums. Compared to his masterpiece, Me Against The World, this is not that good. It still contains some gems though. We got classic cuts like  &quot;California Love&quot;, &quot;I Ain't Mad At Cha&quot; and &quot;Got  My Mind Made Up&quot; (an ill possecut with Redman, Method Man and Tha Dogg  Pound), but then again we also have boring songs like &quot;No More  Pain&quot; and the horrible &quot;Check Out Time&quot;.<br />So, if you  haven't got any of Tupac's albums, I recommend you buy Me Against The  World, Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z or 2Pacalypse Now before you buy All Eyez  On Me. If you already have those albums, then you should look in the  bargain basket for this album. It's not really worth full price.
6302491940|5.0|It sounds trite to say `it's an all time fave', but it's true. Very few of the 99 minutes are wasted, the plot perky, the setting, London in the late 60's, by mere definition is FAB.<br />Michael Caine is brilliant in the lead,  and when he's on, there are few better. Both Noel Coward and Benny Hill  (yes, kids, Benny Hill) are just about as funny as is humanly possible.  Aside from Alfred Molina in Boogie Nights I can't think of more enjoying  supporting (limited) roles in film.<br />And who doesn't like a good caper  movie? The crooks a collection of misfits who bungle most every facet of  the heist? Grab the microwave popcorn, the dill pickles and sit back.  <br />You're in for a treat with this one.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I have known of Slipknot since about June or so of '99. I love this CD. I still listen to it to this very day. Creed decided it would be fun to include the in the Scream 3 sound track along with many other  &quot;unknowns&quot; of sorts. I hope they don't become too famous like ICP  is doing b/c it ruins the music. I have yet to hear any reporvisions of any  of thier songs on the radio or whatever. I really enjoy this CD. So if I  like it, you like it. BUY. Thank you, please drive through............
0783226888|2.0|Picture this if you can. Somewhere in the LA area, a junior (I mean junior) studio exec stumbles into a local video store to get a copy of Bad Lieutenant . The resident video geek puts him on to Fred Zinneman's  masterful `The Day of the Jackal' instead and faster than Lemmy can sing  `No Class', a remake is in the works.<br />Forget that the political climate  in 1973 was far different than today, and that the essence of the tension  in the original all emanated from that. Forget that `The Day of the Jackal'  is just too good a movie on its own to be embarrassed with any sort of  remake. It's inappropriate, offensive.<br />But we're smart guys, too smart   to be easily diffused by anything that resembles judgement. Let's load up a  bunch of high tech stuff to diffuse the scintillating psychological drama  of the original. Let's throw in a couple of overpaid male leads (into what  was essentially a character piece before) including one who the public  would absolutely NEVER believe could handle a gun. Add Sidney Poitier for  racial balance, Diane Venora for gender balance, and before you know it,  you're on to the next.<br />Do yourself a favor and see Fred Zinneman's `The  Day of the Jackal\\" --enjoy a fine film, and leave The Jackal to the  Hollywood jokers.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|One of the greatest albums I've ever heard.  Couldn't wait to purchase the &quot;remastered&quot; version with the &quot;original artwork restored&quot; until I turned the CD over and saw the title of track 19  printed on the CD jacket.  This isn't the original artwork.  &quot;Train In  Vain&quot; wasn't originally listed as being on the album.  I guess it's to  try and sell more records. How disappointing.
6303433766|4.0|Juliet Hulme (Kate Winslet) and Pauline Parker (Melanie Lynsky) are best of friends, teenagers in 1950's New Zealand. Their friendship quickly becomes intense, obsessive, and as each pushes their own families farther  and farther away, they wander jointly into a world that is more fantasy  than reality. <br />Peter Jackson's dramatic recount of the true story of  matricide in Christchurch is aggressive as well as imaginative. Jackson's  creative method of storytelling includes a combination of traditional  story, with first person narrative by Pauline, and fantastic lifesize  `claymation' like portrayals of the girls' fantasies. Pauline Parker's own  diaries were contributive in reconstructing many of these events.<br />As  their parents begin to question the `healthiness' of the relationship, a  decision is made to separate the girls from contact. Jackson implies that a  sexual relation existed between the girls as well, and it's this  implication and the resulting separation that ultimately results in the  girl's joint decision to kill.<br />When I first saw this film, it was also my  first exposure to Kate Winslet. Her on-screen presence is so commanding,  it's virtually impossible to take your eyes off her whenever she is on  screen.<br />I understand that, in real life, Juliet made a career as a writer  of mystery stories subsequent to her release, but Pauline is nowhere to be  found.
6305750750|4.0|For those of us who remember to just have fun and enjoy a good old fashioned swashbuckler this movie has it all. Ewan Mcgregor does a fantastic job bringing us a young Obi-Wan Kenobi and Natalie Poortman is  wonderful as the young queen forced into a confrontation out of her  control. Hey! I even loved Jar Jar Binks! For those who think he's  annoying, try watching a Chris O'donnell flick. These movies were never  meant to save the world. They're meant to remind us all to be kids and have  fun. You want reality? Watch the news. Enjoy it!
B00000EZTQ|2.0|I thought Halloween 2 was an enjoyable movie to watch, but it was pretty stupid the more I think about it. Instead of Micheal hiding in the shadows he was always seen walking around.  The overuse of blood was so opposite to  the original.  I still recommend this for a good scare or a good flick to  watch on Halloween night.
B00000JYGX|5.0|I saw the box set in Limoges during December of '98, as well as the cd single of &quot;Belle&quot; and thought the box set might be a worthwhile purchase, if only for the exquisite packaging.  I didn't know that the song  &quot;Belle&quot; was the beautiful song I had been hearing on French  television.   After a dinner party a few nights later, the other guests  noticed that I had bought it and begged me to open it and play it for them.   Everyone sang along with &quot;Belle&quot;.  Though it had just been  released, all of France seemed to know it by heart.  After returning home,  I listened closely to the cds a number of times, in awe of the beautiful  singing and orchestrations, even in this live cd set.   I just hope that  the english version will be as beautiful and inspiring as the gorgeous  French cds.
B000002TP7|5.0|I have everything ever put out by the beastie boys, and this album is their best. It is also pure genius, no other album in the history of music brings so many styles together. This album would have still been the best  ever even if it only has half the tracks it does. If the beastie boys had  quit after this album and not made hello nasty they would have never put  out a bad track.
B000002NIW|5.0|I got this cd about a year ago and i didn't even know who the deftones were.  I listened to it and i thought they were awesome.  If you like awesome hardcore music, buy this cd.  my favorite tracks are be quiet and  drive, headup, rickets, and my own summer.  In this album they have kinda  mellowed out from the first one, adrenaline.               Chino, you rule,  and i am looking forward to buying your next cd when it comes out.  Keep it  up.
0385493800|1.0|I have read a number of Grisham novels and this one is by far his worst to date. The storyline is weak and so are the characters. The ending is predictable and too many questions are left unanswered. Grisham's strong  point is courtroom drama and writing more of it would serve him well. If  you have not read this book don't waste your time. The only reason I gave  this book 1 star is because I could not find a 0 star rating.
078322804X|5.0|I found this movie to be one of the great movies in the 80's.  It has dynamic music and superb actors.  The movie was able to get many first rate performers to act in the movie like Aretha Franklin, Ray Charles, and James  Brown which only helped the movie's performance.  I found the plot to be  amusing and fun to watch play out.  I recommend the movie to any on who  loves music or just a good time.
B000002LRX|5.0|Well what can I say, I'm speechless. This by far is one of the greatest albums of all time. The second FNM cd (out of 5) that I aquired this has to be one of the best. With great vocals and excellent beats this cd is second  only to FNM's King For A Day Fool For A Lifetime cd. I mean who couldnt  love songs like Malpractice and Jizzlobber. This is a MUST BUY for any FNM  fan, or anybody who likes hard rock and sadistic lyrics. If your a fan of  Limp, Korn, Stained, etc, and buy this cd, I know AngelDust won't  dissapoint you.
079073639X|4.0|First of all I think most critics have savagely attacked this movie unfairly. The movie is not your typical sci-fi movie in several regards. <br />1) It does not have a \\"special effects blowout\\" at the end,  actually the movie doesn't even have a climax (do all movies have to have  one?). I think this bothered a lot of folks.<br />2) It is not driven by  special effects, the only effects are there to service the plot (I wish  more movies could claim this).<br />3) It is a bit talky, but then Michael  Crichton's stories always have a solid foundation in science, and usually  have a diverse team of scientists to explore whatever phenomena the story  is about, so of course these scientists are going to talk! In other words,  it is mindful rather than mindless.<br />4) It is logically consistent. What I  mean by this is that, since it is science FICTION, of course it is going to  make stuff up that isn't real science. But is it consistent? That is, if  you take the movie's premises about the spacecraft and the sphere to be  true, does the rest of the movie make sense? I say yes.<br />5) Lastly, the  movie has haunted-house elements, which bothered me at first until I  realized, along with the characters (as the plot unfolded), what the nature  of these elements were. Again, the movie was consistent.<br />I saw this  movie after a good friend recommended it, but knowing that it was trashed  by most critics. So see it with an open mind, and you just may enjoy it for  what it is, an atypical sci-fi movie.
B00003CWOL|5.0|For those of you familiar with the other films in the &quot;Jersey Trilogy&quot;, this film is exactly what you would expect from Smith when tackling a subject as involved as the Bible.  In-depth storytelling,  facinating characters (including Linda Fiorentino as the morally confused  descendant of Christ), and a large amount of dialogue.  Smith has never  been afraid to tell a story through the words of his characters.  DOGMA is  no different.  If you aren't afraid of a movie that will make you think  about your own beliefs on the Almighty, I highly suggest picking up DOGMA.
6301871952|5.0|Superb satire, send-up, and homage, &quot;Gremlins 2&quot; is light years better than the original. Director Joe Dante creates a loving satire of horror movies with Christopher Lee spoofing mad scientists, Phoebe Cates spoofing the first &quot;Gremlins&quot; film, and Tony Randall as the Genius Gremlin spoofing everything from Susan Sontag to Broadway. Watch on a very large screen television so you can see all the details (the homage to It's a Wonderful Life on the monitors in John Glover's office; it's in color and then in black and white), the Gremlin tee shirts with Gizmo on them with a red circle and line through him; the label on the Canadian beer at the new &quot;trendy&quot; Canadian restaurant etc. The film satirizes Ted Turner and Donald Trump in the character played by John Glover as well as trends in movie making (listen for the announcement about the showing of Casablanca with the new, happy ending). And watch for one of the most brilliantly directed scenes in any movie: Just after Gizmo gets wet and bears some offspring, pay attention when janitor John Astin is on the phone describing how the younger workers are forcing out the older ones -- while the new Gremlins are doing just that to Gizmo. It's as if he's reporting what is happening to Gizom.<br />All in all, Dante out did himself with this film. It's a shame that Warner Bros. did not know how to promote it. Interestingly, &quot;Premiere&quot; magazine's chart of movie reviews for the year in which Gremlins 2 was released showed that it was the best reviewed film of the year, averaging 3 1/2 stars from the nation's film critics. It's a loving homage to films in general -- don't miss it, especially if you love a big Broadway number.<br />Coda: I met director Joe Dante in 2000 when the Chicago International Film Festival honored him ... with a showing of Gremlins 2. Turns out that he did the film only because Warner Bros. insisted -- it was the only way he could get to direct other films for them. Sohe set out to make Gremlins 2 the &quot;sequel to end all sequels&quot; in Dante's words. He may have succeeded.
B000001A9P|5.0|Stevie in concert, simply magical and electrifying, need i say more
0788821075|5.0|The 10th anniversary edition has enough to make any person without a DVD player happy (ezcept for the absense of an alternate widescreen edition).  It's a director's cut with about 5 minutes additional footage which  includes more to the sequence when Edward picks up Vivian in the Lotus, a  completely new sequence taking place the night of Richard's day off when  Vivian's unable to find Kit at the Blue Banana before being confronted by  Carlos and his thugs, plus many other small worthy additions.  One of the  new scenes removes a continuity error at one point in which Vivian takes  Edward's shoes off under the tree, before they miraculously appear back on,  by omitting the mistake and replacing it with footage of Richard and Vivian  riding horses.  After the movie they show the full-length theatrical  trailer, followed by a not-so-noteworthy behind the scenes featurette,  followed by the forgotten &quot;Wild Women Do&quot; music video by Natalie  Cole.  The tape is definately worth they money, I reccomend it to any fan  of the movie.
B000000WHC|4.0|I first heard the title track &quot;Still Got the Blues&quot; at 3 a.m. while on a 17 hour road trip.  It immediately woke me up, and I intently listened to find out -- who is this guy?  Wow, what a tune!   Bought the CD  as soon as I got home.  Found that the rest of the album was awesome.  He's  since become one of my all-time favorites.  While this is far from  &quot;classic blues&quot;, what is?   It's simply awesome guitar work and a  great new style of the blues guaranteed to attract listeners that might  otherwise not bother (that aren't true blues lovers).  <br />His rendition of  &quot;Too Tired&quot; with legendary Albert Collins is terrific, as is his  crazy blend of guitars in &quot;Pretty Woman&quot; with the blues giant  Albert King.  The fact that Gary Moore paid tribute to these two blues  kings on this album and future CD's speaks well of his roots.  <br />But, the  title track &quot;Still Got the Blues&quot; is special.  Hope he continues  to do blues in his style, and should never be swayed to think that a newer,  cranked-up version isn't &quot;exceptable blues&quot;.  Because this is  exactly what all the past blues legends did -- they took the blues and  played it their way.  &quot;Still Got the Blues&quot; is indeed -- Gary's  way!
6305171769|5.0|H20 is awesome- Even if you've never seen any of the other Halloween movies!Jamie Lee Curtis does a great job and so does Josh Hartnett(John in H20).This movie also stars LL Cool J and Michelle Williams(Dawson's Creek).  Everyone did a great job on this movie. I love H20 and I think you would  too, esp. if you are the kind of person that loves scary movies!
B000002UJQ|5.0|I bought it last Friday. I've already listened it a couple of times... Saturday evening I went on cinema to see &quot;American Beauty&quot;... The mix  of those 2 events made me KO... Now it's Monday evening  (14-th of  Feb. SanValentino big-blabla feast here in Italy)... Is this just me that  has strange Lester-ish (Kevin Spacey's character) feelings about afterlife,  or what !  &quot;No alarms and no surprises...&quot; Numb but happy...  somehow... 5 stars are not enough for this album...
B000006NPY|4.0|When I first heard the CD I was puzzled.  I'd just heard &quot;Ava Adore&quot; and thought it was going to be more rockin' uptempo Pumpkins.  I was surprised by the brooding...the mellowness didn't, they've had mellow  songs on every CD since Siamese Dream (&quot;Disarm,&quot; for example).   So I put it away and gradually started listing to it...and listening, and  listening, and listening.  The CD gets quieter, yet more intense, as it  goes along; like a person with a very soft voice, you find yourself  listening harder to catch what they're saying.  Every song is a take on  phases of relationships, culminating in &quot;For Martha,&quot; which I  take to be a song to a dead or dying lover.  It keeps morphing into  something else, getting better and better, and finally ending on some  &quot;Frippertronics&quot; type guitar loops.  WOW.  This is a truly great  CD, although for sure one that needs some serious listening to appreciate.   It's worth the effort, and can't WAIT for the next release!  GO PUMPKINS.
0312853238|5.0|I am not the greatest reader in the world, and am not one for experimenting with authors I am unfamiliar with as I am afraid of wasting time reading a novel that leaves me cold and unmoved. I read about Orson  Scott Card's &quot;Ender&quot; saga on Amazon.com and in Sci-Fi magazines,  and because the book wasn't an oversized tome I decided to give it a try.  I'm so glad that I did because it had me gripped from the first chapter,  and the memory of Ender's story stayed with me for days after I'd finished  reading it.<br />With the exception of The Lord of the Rings, no other book  has left such a lasting impression on me. Also, like the aforementioned  book, it is a novel that can be appreciated by almost any age group. The  story is fast paced and action packed for the younger readers, but covers  profound topics for the older reader. Ender experiences friendship and  love, ostracism and loneliness, guilt and forgiveness. The final chapter is  tragic but ultimately uplifting, and as with any great sci fi book will  leave you contemplating for many days and drawing parallels with the  present world. This would be a great book to study at school and  discuss.<br />If you are like me and only read a handful of books per year,  this book will remind you of how rewarding a good read can be. I will  definitely read the other books in the series.
B000002BFZ|5.0|I'm not sure how anyone can criticize this album. There are no radio hits, no &quot;Jeremy&quot; or &quot;Betterman.&quot;  What is No Code though?  Pearl Jam's best album.  It has all the elements of Pearl Jam -  &quot;Habit,&quot; &quot;Present Tense,&quot; &quot;Off He Goes,&quot;  &quot;Hail, Hail.&quot;  These are 13 amazing songs!  And they hold up even  better live.  I'm not sure there are too many albums in the 90s that come  close to the musical perfection Pearl Jam achieved on this album.  This is  the album most people quit listening to Pearl Jam, but why?  They achieved  creative perfection on this album.  To the comment that &quot;Mankind&quot;  is a waste - you're upsurd to think that.  Stone finally gets the credit he  has deserved from the Mookie Blaylock days - truly the rock behind Pearl  Jam - where would a good deal of PJ's songs come from without Stone?  Eddie  is there, yes, but Stone - you can't beat his laid back, musical perfection  he brings each and every song.  Eddie comes with his best effort to date,  &quot;Off He Goes&quot; on this album, and while he says &quot;Present  Tense&quot; is his favorite Pearl Jam song, the utter emotions and feelings  felt in &quot;Off He Goes,&quot; is short of amazing.  If you don't have  this album yet, you truly have zero taste in good music.  If you don't like  it, listen to it again. Cause you're missing genious here.
0792156684|4.0|First time I saw it on the screen, the images haunted me for weeks. Visually stunning, romantically breathtaking. The reduced star is from the fast-forwarding in the handcuffed-while-they-sink scenes. Eliminating that  would not have detracted from this otherwise beautiful film (not to mention  shortening it considerably).
6303626416|5.0|This version of &quot;Oliver Twist&quot; is a scant 74 minutes long, but contains much more of the book (including a portion of the Rose Maylie sequence) and retains a highly Dickensian flavor when viewed alongside other adaptations.<br />If you are new to silent films, this could be a good  one to whet your appetite.  If you are already a fan, give this one a try.   The film is primarily a vehicle for Jackie Coogan, which proves to be just  fine, as he is delightful in the title role.  His expressive face and tiny  stature are dead-right for Oliver, and he has more spunk than most  exponents of the role, which helps to allay the saccharine nature of the  character.<br />Fans of Lon Chaney may be disappointed with the little screen  time he is given, but he makes the most of it.  Subtle touches Chaney adds  (such as gently laying a hand on Bill Sikes' chest) give a wealth of  subtext and nuance to his performance, and adds immeasurably to our  understanding of Fagin as petty thief.  <br />The rest  of the cast is good, with a fine performance from Gladys Brockwell as  Nancy.  She is another aspect of the film which rings true to Dickens: she  is less the &quot;hooker with a heart of gold&quot; than a complex,  hardened woman who has grown up among criminals yet retains her  conscience.<br />Mention must also be made of the fine production design.   Many scenes look as though they were lifted from the original Cruikshank  illustrations (especially the meeting at London Bridge) and the men look  particularly appropriate for the period.  Some of the women retain the '20s  look in makeup and hair, which is typical of Hollywood period movies  through the 1970's.<br />The title cards also are well-done, either quoting  directly from Dickens or retaining his authorial flavor.<br />All told, this  is a winning adaptation of a perennial favorite.
B00000HYXB|3.0|Considering the masterpieces Blind Guardian have released in the past, this latest CD is very disappointing.  Perhaps my expectations were too high, but when a band can put out shear brilliance in Imaginations From the  Otherside, Somewhere Far Beyond, etc, etc, you may agree that this Tolkien  thing is abit dry.  Honestly, I'm not interested in someone else's  rendition of a children's story.  I can rent the video tape.  I want Hansi  and the gang to delve into themselves and write music from their heart ...  not some lame adaptation of a fiction story.  Blind Guardian has come a  long way, and the only reason I demean them at this time is because I don't  want them to continue to follow this path.  It's taking them the wrong  direction.  They're capable of writing some of the most stunning music I've  ever heard.  This was not it....
059035342X|5.0|Since I am semi-adult (actually 28) I knew ahead of time that these books were aimed at younger readers but I could not resist and thank goodness for that! These are some of the best books I have read in a long time.<br />J.K.  Rowling obviously wrote these to entertain a younger audience but I found  that the writing and the plot kept me involved as well. I read the whole  thing in one day and had to wait for the other two books to arrive. I then  polished those off in a few days and can't wait for 4-7!<br />I highly  recommend these books - it has been a long time since my imagination has  been fed such a good meal!
B00000FBRE|5.0|I don't know why other people don't like this CD. It's really awesome with great guitars and great lyrics. I especially love &quot;Everything Turns Grey&quot; and &quot;Leave the Light On.&quot; But I love all the songs.  They're great and you should buy this CD if you're at all into punk music!
B0000028W9|5.0|The online reviews are usually misleadingly high because too many people give 5 stars too easily, but this is not the case. This album is a major masterpiece. Everything in this recording is in a way that places it at a  different level with respect to the other discs, being something that  really enters in your life, like the true Art does.  It is almost shocking  to hear such strong lyrics, but it is a good shock that most of us need.  This is food for our brain and our soul. Have this at all costs; it won't   make you a better person, but will make you feel alive.
6303014100|5.0|This is one of the best movies of the last 30 years and one of the greatest war movies ever. As a life-long student of history in general, and the Civil War in particular, I was prepared to be very picky with this  movie. But the historical accuracy is excellent - I took exception to very  few things (Lee's meeting with Jeb Stuart, for example, which, by all  accounts, didn't happen the way it was portrayed). The battle scenes are  outstanding, the musical score is the most haunting I've ever heard, and  there were at least 4 or 5 Oscar-worthy performances, most notably Jeff  Daniels and the late Richard Jordan. The only real problem I had with the  whole thing was that it seemed as though the producers couldn't decide if  it should be a theater release or a T.V. mini-series. It started out with a  very brief theater run and then nothing until many months later when it  appeared as a mini-series on T.V. If it was going to end up as a  mini-series anyway, then the length wouldn't have mattered and they could  have done an even better, more complete job. But all in all, a towering  achievement.
0385486804|3.0|Alex Hamilton Feb-14-2000 Book Review<br />Into the Wild written by Jon Krakauer, narrates the story of a young man who left everything behind, left to the woods of Alaska and died. Throughout the novel the author tries  to explain why the main character, Alex McCandless, decides to leave. The  novel talks about his journey right after he leaves his town in 1990, until  April 1992 when he dies.<br />In my opinion, the novel could have been better.  It never clearly states why he decided to leave, and live a life like he  did (which was not very good to our eyes). I found it interesting how he  meets different people through his journey, and he gets to be really close  to them.<br />Jon Krakauer could have explained better why he thought  McCandless had left, but as a whole the novel was acceptable. I would only  recommend this novel to the people who like to analyze things, because in  this novel you can conclude what you want.
B000003BEV|5.0|I'm glad to give five stars to an album the critics despise.  (I also liked Self Portrait by Dylan, another critics' target.)  Satanic Majesties (and a couple of singles of the period -- Jack Flash/Child of the Moon, We  Love You/Dandelion) does a beautiful job of filtering psychedelia through  the jaded tough-guy rhythm 'n' blues of the Stones.  Conceptually, the  whole album hangs together pretty well (distance, alienation, death, sleep,  street life, etc., intruding into the flower power cocoon), and underneath  are some great riffs from Keith (e.g., Citadel).  The real point, however,  is that here the Stones were willing to experiment, even if they were  accused of being derivative or misguided.  They experimented even more  successfully the next time with Beggar's Banquet before the perfection of  Bleed, Sticky Fingers, and Exile gave them a successful formula (throw in a  countryish tune, a blues/soul remake, etc.) that unfortunately dampened  their willingness to take these kinds of risks again.
6304702205|5.0|Whenever you're down,it cheers you up. Whenever you're happy,it makes you fly. I have been watching Yanni's video again and again. My whole family enjoys it. Hope to buy a copy in DVD format and squeeze every single note  to its fullest.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|Wow, 120 songs on 4 CDs, and they are almost all killer, no filler.  You know the sixties was an absolutely incredible decade for music when even the *obscure* stuff was good!  Never mind the Beatles, Hendrix, Dylan,  Stones, Doors, and all the rest, a lot of this stuff ranks right up there  as my favorite '60s tunes.<br />For all its seeming breadth, however, this  4-CD collection barely scratches the surface.  I am still waiting for  cleaned up, remastered versions of tunes like &quot;Crackin' Up&quot; by  the Wig, &quot;I'll Be Gone&quot; by the Opposite Six, &quot;You Better  Look Now&quot; by the Rogues, &quot;I Can't Stand This Love&quot; by the  Others, and on and on.<br />If you want to dig a little deeper, check out the  &quot;Essential Pebbles&quot; collections.  The sound quality isn't as  stellar as Nuggets, but the songs are.
0679721037|5.0|Hiroshima is a very fascinating book written by John Hersey. It is basically a compilation of a variety of stories told by 6 of the survivors or &quot;hikubusha&quot; of the Atomic Bomb dropped on the Japanese city on  August 6, 1945.<br /> The whole book is written in a very sadistic tone, where  many of the character's stories are told on how the each received the  initial impact and how they experienced the weeks after the detonation. It  also includes many occasions where some of the characters interact with  each other, adding to the &quot;plot&quot; of the book.<br />Although the book  has no technical &quot;ending&quot; or &quot;climax&quot;, it does contain  many deep themes related to the war, such as the reasons the Americans had  for using the most devastating attack in the history of warfare.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I THINK THAT ONLY IF SOMEONE LISTENS TO THIS ALBUM CAN FEEL THE ENERGY AND THE VIBES COMING FROM IT!I AM SURE THAT I WILL BE HEARING THIS ALBUM FOR AGES...SO JUST TRY IT BECAUSE I THINK THAT THE RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS ARE  SIMPLY G R E A T !
B000006NPY|5.0|Adore s soft,beautiful,melodical and appeasing,keeping a sugar taste left.It has different emotions and tastes hidden inside.Whatever they say about their change,I know they'll never be one of the bands gone rotten on  the inside;have nothing to do except repeating the same old tunes just to  keep the people satisfied.They'll always be diggin' for sth new.I think  that's what makes the music creative and that's why I love the pumpkins.So  buy it or don't.I'm not the one to say.
0446310786|4.0|To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee has conquered the hearts of millions of young readers around the world.  Touching controversial issues such as racism in a  so-called democratic society this novel has become one piece  that many people regardless of age group, can relate to.  To Kill A  Mockingbird deals with the theme of racism in a prejudice society.  The  novels' main conflict is trial against a black man for allegedly raping  Mayella Ewell, s lonely white girl from the suburbs of Maycomb.  The  dilemma of the book is to prove whether or not a fair trial can take place  in the South.  The novel is narrated through the eyes of Scout, a seven  year old tomboy who is unknown to the prejudice society she is part of.   Her father, Atticus Finch is a well-respected lawyer.  Aside, from the  theme of prejudice, in this highly acclaimed novel, the author creates a  mysterious character that is the center of distraction for the vast  majority of Maycomb citizens; Boo Radley.  Both Scout and her brother Jem  become fascinated about this mysterious person and refuse to give up until  they discover his true identity, and because of this they end up getting  into a series of problems.  Regardless of age groups, this novel  touches people in a personal level that anyone can feel reflected on.  At  some points of the novel the reading is so intense that it truly is  necessary to put the book down.  As a 16 year old reader I would recommend  this book because it truly is an extremely influential novel touching on  themes that even today are hard to touch on.
6303027016|5.0|I love this movie. The first day a watched it, I watched it over and over. PLAY, REWIND, PLAY, REWIND... Excellent movie and excellent songs of the 60's. if you liked the movie, get the soundtrack!
1563890119|4.0|I never was a comics fan, in fact the word comics to me used to mean cheap Superhero stuff. Used to, because obviously I had to change my mind after reading this first issue of the Sandman series. A friend loaned it to me,  and said that I had to read it, since it would demolish my narrow-minded  perspective on comics.  And she was right. It's so smart, and sometimes  deeply ironic. The intelligence of the writing had me literally pausing at  some points to savour Gaiman's wit -- I was fascinated by the Sandman's  perspective on hell. <br />So it's supposed to be a graphic novel, and it  wouldn't be fair not to acknowledge the graphics also, but it was really a  lot of Gaiman's writing that struck me. <br />Read one, read the rest of the  series. In fact I've just finished &quot;A Game of You&quot;. I'd have to  say some of the issues are weaker than the rest, but are still of a  particular thought-provoking standard.
B000002P2W|5.0|The Who is not my favorite band but this is my favorite album(by any band).  Pete is old enough and experienced enough to write with sophistication, yet young enough to tap into his angst.  And tap he  does...deeply!
1558908498|5.0|This was a pretty good movie, for a horror movie. Even I liked it, which says a lot because usually I hate horror movies. It is fast-paced, which I like, but a warning: If you haven't seen Scream1, you will be confused.  Overall it is a great movie though, and if you liked Scream you will  definitely like Scream2. Courteney Cox and Neve Campbell are great in it!
0380002930|4.0|By the looks of it, those who hate this novel pass it off as a children's book, or as rediculus, simply on the basis that it happens to star talking rabbits.  I will try to withhold from being negative but...<br />Anyway, the  point is that the book is trying to convey an environmentalist message, you  know, like how humans destroy nature and what its doing to the animals.   You simply could not have done that had humans been the main characters.   No, it HAD to be from the point of view of the animals. Saying that  Watrersjip should star humans is like saying Tolkien shouldn't have made  Middle Earth or that Feist shouldn't have made Medkemia... Why the hell  would that make the story better?  It would actually be worse because its  farv more fantastic that way.  We know Elves and Dwarves don't live on  Earth, so putting LotR on Earth would be stupid.  But how do we know if  Middle Earth exists?  We don't.  Far more plausible.<br />NO WHERE do the  Rabbits talk to HUMANs, they're always talking to each other and  occasionally other animals.  This is plausible because we all know animals  have some form of communication (Otherwise how would they keep PRides or  Warrens together?).  If they had ever talked to a person (not counting  Fiver's dream later on) you critics would have a point.<br />For me, I  personally thought this book was great. Nice but rather simplistic story,  and excellent characters.  This book is MUCH better than the overrated Lord  of the Rings trilogy.<br />TW, About Rabbit Language... did you expect them to  speak Plain English (all the time)?
B00000F5KH|5.0|This is a fantastic product of the new cinema made in Brasil. The story is touching and real. Very well Done! Fernanda Montenegro is suberb. Buy this now!
0449227421|5.0|This was the first time , I read a novel by Ken Follett and I must say that it was  hard to put down. I'm now reading &quot;Eye of The Needle&quot; which is supposed to be even better..wait for that review soon  ! Its interesting to read about the potential dangers of  human cloning;  though it seems far fetched to believe its impact now, this will be a major  ISSUE in the next decade or so. Ken Follett may have opened our eyes sooner  rather than later ..let's hope that his forthcoming works are just as good.
6305078564|5.0|During my college years here in Samoa, English Language &amp; Literature was and still is a compulsory subject at our schools.  In my 5th Form year (or O Level in the British system of education) we had two novels to study  and one of these was Pride &amp; Prejudice, and at 16 years old then, the  size of the book with its fine print looked daunting indeed. <br />But, I fell  in love with the book from then on and still have in my possession the same  copy (quite tattered now) from my college years.   <br />This movie adaptation  of Jane Austen's novel is the BEST I have seen and has become a classic in  our family.  The movie script is so true to the novel that I studied so  many years ago, with its clever use of language and the nuances of how  women in those days were no more than chattels to be married off to the  right man, and so cleverly captured and portrayed by the 2 main characters  Lizzy &amp; Darcy!  Mr Colins made me want to throw up then and the movie  character does just that to me!  The 3 younger sisters who I thought then,  as a 16 year-old, were such airheads and generally typical of 16 year-olds  (! ) also registered the same emotions and impressions from the movie.  And  beautiful Jane who I had wanted to shake for being ever so nice and mousy  in character is the same in the movie! And so on.... In short, the same  feelings evoked by the book in a 16 year-old are all recaptured and some...  in this beautiful movie adaptation of Jane Austen's gem.  Very rarely have  I seen a movie adaptation that captures the essence of the author's work  like this beauty.<br />A MUST SEE for ALL AGES!
0440234743|3.0|Even though The Testament has its good points, it's not the best piece of modern fiction that I've read. You never, in my opinion, get a REAL feel for the main character, Nate O'Riley. The end was disappointing and the  furture of Nate is left unclear. Is Mr. Grisham laying the foundations for  a sequel? If he is, I'm not sure I'd want to buy the next installment.
B000002GAF|5.0|I was 12 when I first heard Gino. He sang an enigmatic(for a pre-teen at least) song entitled 'Love of My Life' and I was forever hooked. It sounded fresh and different. I purchased Brother to Brother a few years later because I liked the singles, and then remembered he was the one who sang Love of My Life. At first, I only listened to the B2B singles - I Just Wanna Stop, Wheels of Life and Appaloosa. When I ventured beyond the singles, I was unprepared for the rest of the album.  He simply floored me! I prefer Gino's 'non-singles' - I find them to be more corageous, more passionate. His voice, his lyrics, conviction blew me away then, and they continue to do so today. He is a treasure! Get as much of his music as you can - just don't try to catagorize him, because he does so many styles of music so well. I don't think you will regret this purchase.
0783114222|5.0|'Adventure', 'Imagination', 'Danger', 'Bravery', 'Heroes' - all these things are the ingredients which writers and film-makers have used throughout the ages to enthrall and entertain us... This series had the  added benefit of being the story of the incredible genius and bravery of  some extraordinary human beings... It saddens me, as a British film-maker,  that Britain no longer has the imagination or the ability to make such a  series... Thankfully, there are still real film-makers in the States and,  using the talents of so many skilled and gifted people, they made this  unmissiable series... It is a fitting legacy to the men and women who were  and who still are the right stuff!
B00003CWPR|2.0|The fact that the set design and cinematography were the best parts of this film proves that Kubrik finished his career with his worst film.  The score had to be the most monotonous thing that I have ever heard, and this  is one of the many places where Kubrik's films usually shine.  Add to that  awkward dialogue and a poor performance by Nicole Kidman, and you have a  movie that I wish was never released, for Kubrik's sake.
6304806434|4.0|&quot;Con Air&quot; is an action film where you just sit back, put logic aside, and enjoy the ride. This isn't the action masterpiece that Jerry Bruckheimer's previous film, &quot;The Rock&quot; was but this is still a  well-done action movie that manages to keep us entertained and a little  thrilled all the way through. The special effects and action sequences are  flawlessly done and make this more into a showcase of skill in the action  genre. Director Simon West does a great job and the screenplay by Scott  Rosenberg has nice comic edges that add a cool lightness to the material.  The characters are all entertaining in their weirdness and Nicolas Cage  gives a convincing, entertaining and sometimes touching performance as a  convict desperate to get home to his wife and kid. I don't know why so many  other reviewers have dogged the film for being &quot;dumb.&quot; &quot;Con  Air&quot; is just in the tradition of silly action fun. This is a movie  that is meant to be entertaining, to be fun and funny. I was never bored  and always going along.
B00001ZT6Z|5.0|A majority of Sabbath fans over the years never adjusted too well to the changing frontman situation after Ozzy's departure in 1978.We've seen Iommi take down and re-assemble this band a number of times since 1980 and fans  are divided on the issue of whether or not his 80's efforts are indeed  &quot;Black Sabbath&quot; or are they merely &quot;Tony Iommi and his  backing band&quot; hmmmm..the debate rages on.Who could not take a stand on  Ozzy.Yes..in a way Ozzy was &quot;Sabbath&quot; in the classic legendary  sense,however,Iommi should've gotton more credit than received for his  post-Ozzy works as well.Bringing in Dio was brilliant move,but then  Gillian:ehhhh! Glenn Hughes:No comment! If Tony wanted to bring credibility  back to Sabbath,he needed a dynamic frontman that could turn some heads.He  found him in Tony Martin back in 1987 during sessions for &quot;The Eternal  Idol&quot; as Ray Gillen backed out midway through the recording..Martin  re-recorded the vocal parts and it turned out to be a new era in the  Sabbath legacy.Due to the commercial flops of &quot;Born Again&quot; and  &quot;Seventh Star&quot;,long time label Warner Bros. and Iommi said  'adios' along with Iommi dismissing the &quot;Idol&quot; band as well with  one exception.Retaining Martin as his frontman,and on &quot;Headless  Cross&quot; it is easy to see why. Securing a new deal on IRS Records and  showcasing talent such as long time keyboard whiz-Geoff Nichols and veteran  drummer Cozy Powell (Deep Purple,Whitesnake) Iommi and co. unleash  &quot;Cross&quot; in the spring of 1989.This effort wasn't Iommi and his  &quot;backing band&quot;.Musically,it had the same depth and aura as the  self-titled debut back in 1970.The eerie opening of &quot;The Gates Of  Hell&quot; sets the tone to a powerful collection of mythological and  spiritual anthems in Sabbath tradition.Tony Martin's performance here is  the best of his years with the band.His  aggressive,dynamic,three-dimensional lead vocals give the material the  character it so deserves (most notably on &quot;When Death Calls&quot; and  the title track).The solid rythym section led by Powell's fluid performance  brought life to upbeat cuts like &quot;Kill In The Spirit World&quot; and  &quot;Call Of The Wild&quot;.All around,Iommi lays down his trademark  rythym laced with leads that howl on every passage.Criticized by some for  being &quot;over-produced&quot; and &quot;generic&quot;,the verdict is that  these tracks needed this kind of heavyweight sound of fat,bold drums and  multi-layered vocals to showcase it's complexity.If you want Sabbath  re-defined in the 80's,this is the one!ve the material the  character it so deserves (most notably on &quot;When Death Calls&quot; and  the title track).The solid rythym section led by Powell's fluid performance  brought life to upbeat cuts like &quot;Kill In The Spirit World&quot; and  &quot;Call Of The Wild&quot;.All around,Iommi lays down his trademark  rythym laced with leads that howl on every passage.Criticized by some for  being &quot;over-produced&quot; and &quot;generic&quot;,the verdict is that  these tracks needed this kind of heavyweight sound of fat,bold drums and  multi-layered vocals to showcase it's complexity.If you want Sabbath  re-defined in the 80's,this is the one!
630512762X|5.0|John Woo's &quot;Face/Off&quot; is one of the best of all action films because it isn't just driven by great action sequences and style, its true force is behind the great performances by Nicolas Cage and John Travolta.  What's amazing here is how we are completely convinced that one character  is suddenly playing another with the other's face on. This isn't just a  showcase of superb, hyper action, but also of great acting. Travolta  incredibly seems to have Cage's first role and Cage seems to perfectly be  Travolta's first role. Now about the action, it's also superbly done. No  one films violence like John Woo, who gives gunfights here an artistic  quality in the moves, the guns, the clothes, the way the camera moves.  There is a shoot-out near the end inside a chapel and Woo let's us see the  bullets in slow motion blast out from the barrels. He doesn't make action  boring as do some other action filmmakers, he gives it tremendous art  potential. &quot;Face/Off&quot; is never boring, always active and has  enough plot for an entire series. The screenplay is full of imagination and  the entire film is rich in detail. I have seen few action films done so  well. Many of that kind are rare like &quot;The Rock.&quot; Woo has a great  eye for style that vibrates off the screen. &quot;Face/Off&quot; is a  fantastic action piece because it's driven more by it's actors and  performances than by it's action sequences. This one deserves to be seen  more than twice!
B0000062Y2|2.0|The roles of Jesus and Judas on this album are played by the Broadway UNDERSTUDIES.  Ben Vereen added Motown soul and original interpretation to the role of Judas, while here Carl Anderson provides a second-best  performance.  Ted Neeley sings in a manner that will either make you love  him or hate him.  The dramatic pauses in his singing may have worked well  with visuals, but do not make for extraordinarily fluid listening.<br />Also,  the sound quality of this album is some of the worst I've ever heard.   Sadly, the original Broadway cast soundtrack is available only in Japan, so  the best available version of Superstar to buy is the 1970 original  concept.<br />This was the fourth Jesus Christ Superstar album to be released,  following the original concept album (Gillan/Head 1970), the original  Broadway cast (Fenholt/Vereen 1971), and the original London cast  (Nicholas/? 1972).
0812550706|5.0|I first read this book in 8th grade and immediately fell in love with it.  Although I own all the books in the series, Ender's Game is by far my favorite.  The beauty of the book is that it is not depended upon the  sci-fi aspect.  While the futuristic setting does make things interesting,  it's only dressing for the real story: that of a boy growing up in a  demanding environment.  Card does an excellent job of portraying Ender's  development as the story progresses.  It is nearly impossible *not* to  identify with Ender.  Even if you aren't a sci-fi fan, you should  definitely read this book.  There cannot be enough said in favor of this  book.
B000001FDQ|5.0|There are many current guitarists who use classical style riffs in their music, but few do it with the precision and the stylistic mastery of Yngwie Malmsteen.  As a student of Ritchie Blackmore and Jimi Hendrix, Malmsteen  has created a solid fusion of thrash metal and the classical world.  Who  says the Baroque can't rock?  Most of the pieces are instrumental and  though they showcase mainly Malmsteen's lightning fast neck-spanning riffs,  this album does showcase some of his work on bass guitar and highlights the  keyboard work of Jens Johannsen, who still remains one of the pinnacle  keyboardists in the business.  Now only if you could have heard this stuff  at mass, church would be a lot more interesting, right?  <br />Anyways,  Malmsteen's debt to the Classical and especially the Baroque tradition is  enormous.  On the &quot;Icarus Dream Suite&quot; the solo guitar at the  beginning is adapted from Albinoni's Adagio in g minor, originally written  for strings and organ.  The rhythms are written in short, staccato  flourishes and balanced with nice soothing adagios that make the soul  relax.  <br />This album is a great fusion of the classical and metal  traditions.  It is sad that Yngwie is often called lifeless in his later  works, but this is not the case here as this is his quintessential work.   Unfortunately, one cannot surpass perfection and there will never be  another &quot;Rising Force&quot;, which makes this album all the more  necessary for any music devotee.
B00003CWPQ|4.0|This is Kubrick's most human picture, and it unfortunately suffers from an abundance of people intent on seeing some serious sex. Settle down, watch the movie, and enjoy. The only problem is the penchant the characters have  for repeating dialogue unnecessarily, as if to heighten the melodrama.  Otherwise, it's a good movie. Underline movie. Not a work of art. Not a  temple to the Gods. Just a movie.
B000006ZPY|5.0|In 1989, Black Sabbath had a lot to prove. They were in danger of being  superseded by younger metal bands, they offended many with an ill-advised Sun City gig, and many  fans considered Black Sabbath to be merely a  name  for Tony Iommi's solo career.<br />After a painful period with various member  changes, in 1987 Iommi found Tony Martin and they set about to re-establish  Sabbath's legitimacy. \\"Headless Cross\\" was Tony Martin's second  outing as frontman, but artistically speaking it's the first to feature his  true  full participation. He does not disappoint; not only was Martin Black  Sabbath's greatest  vocalist, but also their finest lyricist. Here he  serves up what admittedly are the most cliched  lyrics of his career, but  they are also  quintessential Sabbath: dark, evil, menacing. The decision  to do a satanic album, which \\"Headless Cross\\" most certainly is,  meant typical Sabbath lyrics and Martin did his job very well. As a singer,  he really shines here. He reaches for the notes and every time he nails  them.<br />Laurence Cottle, the bassist, was only part of the band for this one  studio album. He does some impressive work too--noone is going to miss Dave  Spitz. Geoff Nichols  proceeds to take full advantage of his increased  importance, delivering  some of the most ambient- evil keys of his career.  Tony Iommi is, well, the same old Iommi. He catches fire quite a bit, and  comes up with some great solos. What's most impressive about Iommi on this  album is his willingness to allow the rest of the guys to fully contribute,  which wasn't the case on the last two Sabbath albums. He is emphatically a  team player again, and it shows to great effect throughout \\"Headless  Cross\\".<br />Cozy Powell may well be  the hero of the album,  though. When  Cozy joined Sabbath it wasn't long after his ELP project and a lot of  people were  sceptical about his  ability to fit well in Black Sabbath.  From the gate (this was Cozy's first Sabbath album) he proved them wrong.  His drumming is brilliant throughout; such tracks as 'When Death Calls',  the title track and  'Nightwing' prove he was the greatest drummer that  Black Sabbath had ever had. When Cozy died it left a huge void in rock and  progressive music.  I do not think that \\"Headless Cross\\" is the  best album of the Tony Martin era. I actually think it's the weakest, as I  find the relentlessly evil themes a little dull at times. But it's still a  five-star album. Buy this cd, by all means. You'll love it. I would  recommend \\"Tyr\\" first though; I really think \\"Tyr\\" is  the all-time greatest Black Sabbath album and it's with the same legendary  lineup as this one except for Neil Murray on bass. When Neil joined,  Sabbath achieved their greatest lineup and proceeded to make two of their  greatest ever albums. \\"Headless Cross\\" is quite obviously a major  step towards that development and everyone should own it.His drumming is brilliant throughout; such tracks as 'When Death Calls',  the title track and  'Nightwing' prove he was the greatest drummer that  Black Sabbath had ever had. When Cozy died it left a huge void in rock and  progressive music.  I do not think that \\"Headless Cross\\" is the  best album of the Tony Martin era. I actually think it's the weakest, as I  find the relentlessly evil themes a little dull at times. But it's still a  five-star album. Buy this cd, by all means. You'll love it. I would  recommend \\"Tyr\\" first though; I really think \\"Tyr\\" is  the all-time greatest Black Sabbath album and it's with the same legendary  lineup as this one except for Neil Murray on bass. When Neil joined,  Sabbath achieved their greatest lineup and proceeded to make two of their  greatest ever albums. \\"Headless Cross\\" is quite obviously a major  step towards that development and everyone should own it.
B00003CWPR|1.0|I had never had an urge to walk out of a movie before I saw this wreck.  Waaaaay to slow and the acting was horrid.  Plus, they took two hours to actually set up what seemed to be the plot, and then they make the ending  ridiculously ant-climactic.  If you like to be entertained when you watch  movies, stay away from this 3 hour long nightmare.
B000002KIK|2.0|Although there are a few great moments on &quot;Never Say Die&quot;, there is no  doubt in my mind that it's the weakest album that  Black Sabbath have ever released. Not one song can pretend to be among the band's best.  Even what may be the finest track, 'Junior's Eyes', isn't particularly  memorable. It just gets lost amidst all of the mediocre material. Ozzy is  particularly  unimpressive, and even Tony Iommi seems  uninspired. The  original US cd release sounds lousy so avoid that one. &quot;Never Say  Die&quot; is better-sounding on the UK remaster, and the notes are  interesting as with  all of the remasters. The best-sounding version of  &quot;Never Say Die&quot; is the 1993 cd (Spectrum 550 131- 2) from the  Netherlands.  This one may be hard to find, but for some reason it sounds  splendid. For an album as inherently weak as &quot;Never Say Die&quot; is  by Sabbath standards, it helps a lot to hear a good version of it, believe  me.
6303921248|5.0|It is inconceivable to me and my wife that there could ever be a better screen adaptation of Austen's masterpiece.  Certainly there hasn't been one until now. Mrs. Bennett is a little over-the-top, but all of the other  characterizations are superb.  We have watched this repeatedly with only a  month or two between viewings, and it holds up exceedingly well.  Like all  great works, each time you watch, you see something you missed before.  We  don't have the self-control to watch it one episode a week, as it was  produced.  We typically start about 2:00 or 3:00 in the afternoon, watch  the first three episodes, break for dinner, and then watch the rest.   (Sometimes we even eat while watching the second half!)  If you love  Austen, this certainly will not disappoint you.
B000002BQK|5.0|When I first heard gHoneyh on the radio, I didnft like it too much.   It sounded too gHip-hoppishh compared to gAlways Be My Babyh and gOne Sweet Dayh, which are also two of my favorite songs by Mariah.  But after  a while, I bought this album and I loved gHoneyh and all the other songs!   There are some songs that sound similar ( like gFourth of Julyh compared  to gUnderneath the Starsh ) but they are wonderful all the same.  My  favorite song is gClose My Eyesh, because the lyrics are so emotional and  the tune is beautiful.  Also I love gOutsideh, because it carries a sort  of message that says eBe true to yourself no matter how much you are  different from othersf.  ( Ifm not criticizing those who donft, but)I  think there should be more artists like Mariah who carry a positive outlook  towards life&gt;&gt;
B00002MZ12|5.0|Just when you thought she was done, she goes and makes another great album.  Not only does she prove she sounds just as good, live (if not better)than in the studio.  I was so excited to know that uninvited was on  the album.  It is a beautiful song, performed by a fantastic artist.
B000004286|5.0|is an incredible feat.  Although I haven't heard the sequel soundtrack, the first is plenty.  The music is uproarously loud, much like APOLLO 13.  The war music, usually very generic and unexciting, is instead, here,  presented with themes of their own.  Themes of passion, betrayal,  excitement, fear, and utter triumph are all expressed here in hummable  celtic beats and sweeping novel strings.  A must for anyone who is a Horner  fan.  His true soul is written all over this CD, and more can be found on  MORE MUSIC FROM BRAVEHEART.
B000023VR6|5.0|I LIKE IT TOO MUCH THAT I LISTEN TO IT EVERY DAY,buy it and you wont be disapointed,with a lot of collaborations,snoopdog,eminem,exhibit,maryj blige ....
B000021Y77|5.0|I almost did not rent this movie, but was pleasantly surprised that this was a foreign movie. I rent a lot of foreign language movies to get away from the Hollywood schlock. I rank this movie with Wings of Desire and Das  Boot among the top German movies. My version of the movie was subtitled but  that was not necessary to tell the story. This is the story of a woman's  love and what she will do for her man, to the point of refusing to die  herself and refusing to let him die. By force of will, Lola shows us how  deep a love can be. The music is not something I would look for on  a CD  but it was certainly a driving force and fit so well. Also Lola had me  exhausted in the first part of the movie with her running but as the movie  wore on it became subserviant to the storyline. The repeated scene of Lola  and Mannie after what must have been sex ties the movie together and  establishes their relationship.  The 81 minute length of the movie was  perfect, you can get too much of a good thing. I don't know why this movie  is &quot;R&quot; rated unless it is for violence, but come on, what little  violence there was was not gratuitous.  I hate to waste 2 hours watching a  bad movie. Lola was filling and satisfying in 81 mins.
B000002A3T|5.0|I have been a Pink Floyd fan for the last 20 years  and this album ranks amongst their best. I don't understand the negative comments attached to the departure of R Waters, what really matters is that Pink Floyd moved on  in their unique and typical unmatched style. Truly this is the best Band  the world has ever heard !
6304712936|5.0|I wish I owned a Dolby 5.1 receiver, but even w/ just Dolby Pro Logic Amadeus is a pleasure to see and hear. So much talented collaboration collaboration from every field: Peter Shaffer, Milos Forman, Tom Hulce...  all provide beautiful key elements that lift Amadeus to the highest shelf  on my meager DVD rack.<br />The DVD features an interesting set of bonus  materials, such as a music-only rendition, but the video quality to me  seems not quite up to par with more recent DVD releases. The disc also uses  only one layer, and must be flipped halfway through.<br />Despite these very  minor setbacks, there are few better ways to put your home theater system  to the task of delivering a thoroughly enjoyable yet somewhat disturbing  suggestion of Mozart's life and death. Was it rheumatic fever, or was it  the music itself? The answers are not here, but you will find a a screen  full of fabulous costumes against a glorious soundtrack. The music-only  mode provides well enough spirit to convey the film just as effectively as  when the dialogue is included.
B000002A3T|5.0|I have been a Pink Floyd fan for the last 20 years  and this album ranks amongst their best. I don't understand the negative comments attached to the departure of R Waters, what really matters is that Pink Floyd moved on  in their unique and typical unmatched style. Truly this is the best Band  the world has ever heard !
B00000K19E|2.0|clearly overrated and totally unoriginal<br />it's just a mixture of william gibson's neuromancer (william first introduced us to the matrix.. almost ripoff warning here) Ghost in the Shell and Dark City  + some hong kong  martial arts<br />and so there are uncountable holes in the plot<br />i give it a  little credit for the special effects and i can't deny i enjoyed watching  it..  but i demand much more than that from a film
B000003S09|5.0|For all those that know this recording, &amp; in particular, for all those that are fond of this recording - this is a must have. It sounds HUGE! I have the original viny, the remastered cd from 1988 &amp; I gotta tell you  - this represents thisRecently I picked up the 24 bit re-release (8-99) of  King Crimson &quot;In The Court Of The Crimson King&quot; - a definite  personal favorite of mine. I had the 1988 20bit remastered version. While  I'm sure the bit factor isn't the only difference, I have rarely heard such  an important &amp; drastic sonic improvement such as the jump from 20bit to  24bit... recording like I have never experienced.
0385493800|5.0|I was hooked in the first chapter and was curious to see what would happen. The characters are great and this is not your typical courtroom novel by Grisham. In fact, a large part of the novel takes place in a  foreign country. If you like Grisham, this is a book you cannot miss.
B000023VR6|3.0|Dre as usual made everyone shine with his dope beats. No one can do it up like Dre. However, a lot of the emcee's on here came pretty weak, not to mention they weren't big names.<br /> Xzibit,Dre,Snoop,Nate,Kurupt, and a few  others shined, but as for the rest it just wasn't happening. A lot of the  emcee's on this joint weren't exactly wack, but they were nothing  spectacular. Like the dude on the car bomb song. He was awight and due to  Dre's tight beat he shined. However had Dre not been his producer I would  have probably slept on the dude.<br /> Bottom line, DO NOT BUY THIS CD if you  are a person that likes to listen to MADD ill lyrics. This album obviously  was dedicated to DRE because he came through with both mic skills and  beats.<br /> Personally I would buy this CD because Dre's beats can really  make peeps shine. For example, The only reason why I bothered to listen to  Eminem was because I heard Dre was his producer. That should be enough  said.<br />peace,<br />Mic-12
0385493622|5.0|This book sat alternately in boxes through many house moves or on the bookshelf for a few years before I had the courage to pick it up.  When I finally did, I rediscovered my love of mathematics and most especially of  number theory.  I was one of the students Simon Singh speaks of -- who, for  a brief moment, toyed with the idea of solving one of the most long-lived  mathematical problems in history: the proof of Fermat's Last Theorem.  I  still remember when my Number Theory lecturer at University brought a  newspaper clipping to class which said the theorem had been solved at long  last!
6303443214|5.0|I finally saw this movie this weekend, and then watched it once each following day.  I was spellbound.   ALthough I have always been partial to vampires and the 18th and 19th centuries, this movie went beyond that...  with just the right amount of humor mixed into the darkness, it strikes a  perfect balance, and Tom Cruise gives an amazing performance (I absolutely  fell in love with him, even though he was a completely narcissistic jerk.).   I highly recommend this movie.
6300216039|3.0|For goodness's sake, Franco, do we really need to see gratuitous shots of Romeo's derrierre?  I think not.  And Shakespeare wrote this as a play, to be performed as written, not to have crucial parts taken out or changed.   And don't get me started on the absurd costumes!  Yeesh!  Well, I suppose  it is the best version of Shakespeare's most famous play that's out there,  which isn't fair.  Where's Kenneth Branagh when you need him?
B00000K19E|4.0|This movie is a lot of fun.  The visual effects are awe-inspiring and fresh-looking and the story is very imaginative.  I was intrigued the whole way through even though some of the acting was a bit stiff or, in some  cases, overplayed.  Since the characters are secondary to the universe  surrounding them and since some of the performances are quite good, the few  mediocre actors never really hurt the enjoyment of the film as a whole.   I'd definitely recommend seeing it on DVD, too.  The picture and sound are  staggering.
078062999X|5.0|Absolutely fantastically amazingly superb.  And that's all I have to say.  Well, not all exactly.  The acting was positively outstanding, the costumes greatly superior to those in the Zeffirelli version, and, unlike the  aforementioned Franco Zeffirelli film (which also has its good points, like  Mel Gibson's acting), it's all there in order.  The actor playing Polonius  was much better than the other version as well.
0440224764|4.0|Although John Grisham sticks with a pretty simple premise for most if not all of his novels, it is pretty darn effective.  The Partner is no exception.  I read the first 160 pages in a few hours one evening and found  it very captivating.  Its very interesting as the storyline unfolds where  the protaganist's character evolves into something somewhat unexpected.  Grisham provides enough details and subplots to keep the story interesting  yet not overly drawn out to the point where the reader is left  wondering,&quot;gee what happened?&quot;  Anyway, its a fairly quick read  so go buy it.
6303168507|5.0|My review is mainly a response to the uneducated individual who makes fun of someone who can't spell Holocaust, but yet they need to check their OWN spelling of opportunist! Schindler's List should be recognized for it's  realism of actual events, rather than what one person believes about the  notion of racism by a director they think is against a certain race of  people. What does that have to do about the movie- or the Holocaust itself?  The film should be glorified for it's portrayal of the Holocaust, not  someone's preconceived notion of something absolutely irrelevant.
B000007SIN|4.0|Whereas this record can not comapre to Pretzel Logic or other earlier releases, it is without a doubt worthy of high qualiity status.  Again like Aja it is more of a smooth jazzy flavoring and has limited moments of  upbeat pizzazz. However, the arrangements and songs were constructed with  such fine detail you can not help but admire the beauty of the overall  work. The lyrics are just so out of the ordinary.  Hoops McCann's saga in  The Glamour Profession is so true to life with todays overpriced prima  donna basketball players that it seems like Steely Dan's music can indeed  be timeless. I certainly hope with the new release, Becker and Fagen are at  least as productive as they showed on Gaucho.
B000024QML|5.0|When I was working on my Ph.D. in music I first came across this masterpiece at Falcons music store in Belmopan, Belize.  At the time the Falcon and I had just made friends and he told me that he used to listen to  this record every time he was lonely and usually within a few minutes a  flock of girls came by to entertain him.  I tried it and believe me, it  works!
B000007SIN|4.0|Whereas this record can not comapre to Pretzel Logic or other earlier releases, it is without a doubt worthy of high qualiity status.  Again like Aja it is more of a smooth jazzy flavoring and has limited moments of  upbeat pizzazz. However, the arrangements and songs were constructed with  such fine detail you can not help but admire the beauty of the overall  work. The lyrics are just so out of the ordinary.  Hoops McCann's saga in  The Glamour Profession is so true to life with todays overpriced prima  donna basketball players that it seems like Steely Dan's music can indeed  be timeless. I certainly hope with the new release, Becker and Fagen are at  least as productive as they showed on Gaucho.
0486211045|5.0|One of the few books that I constantly refer to in figure drawing.  Although the content was written way back in 1920, the concepts are still as valid then, as now.<br />The simple pencilled illustrations provide easy  guidelines as to where one muscle stops and another begins.  This enables  one to draw a muscly figure with a few lines and shapes to show bulk and  depth, especially with comic book illustration.<br />Finally, the price is  perhaps as great a drawing factor as the content.  Some comic book artists  swear by Geoge Bridgman's books.  You might also want to try some  publications by Jack Hamm.
B000002LCB|5.0|This has got to be one of the very best soundtracks that I have ever heard. It fits perfectly with the movie. Florin Dance is so much fun to listen to! I can't help but tap my feet whenever it is playing. If you are  into the middle ages or that type of music than you have to get this   soundtrack. And even if you haven't you should get this CD. It is truly  wonderful!
044022165X|4.0|This book was great, right up until the end. I don't know what it is with Grisham but his endings are often a little lame.  Moreover I was not too impressed with Rudy Baylor as a character.  I didn't like the way he looked  down his nose at his paralegal.  He was too derisive of what was after all  quite a likeable guy.  This weakened Baylor's appeal.  In fact the failed  barrister tended to upstage Baylor in terms of the paralegal's greater  resourcefulness and practical business sense.  It isn't all about  educational prowess.   People count more than degrees in my book.  This is  why I think the plot ran out of steam.  Baylor was a brilliant court room  attorney but he failed to win as a man. Having said all this, I personally  could not put down until I had read every word.  It was, aside from  anything else, yet another excellent Grisham study in all things legal,  and, more especially in this case, the hard reality of legal practice in  and out of court. Grisham has a great sense of humour and an elegant style.   This should be mandatory reading for all law students.
0393312836|5.0|Such a complex book to review.  Let me get to the point: if you are at all queasy about violence or not ready or willing to contemplate what makes us human- this is not the book for you.  On the surface, it is simply the tale  of a &quot;droog,&quot; reformed, then unbrainwashed, and then redeemed.   The Russian slang adds incredible flavor to the story, but also another  layer of difficulty.  And the final chapter...  This is not an easy book to  read, dispite its length.  It is, however, an important book.  A rare  thing- this Western novel of philosophy.  Where does our free-will begin  and end?  If we can be killed for our crimes, why not taught to be good?   What is the place of the individual in society, and when must its freedom  be sacrificed for the &quot;greater good&quot;?  All questions are address  but few are are answered.    Yes, a dense a complicated book.  But if you  have the stomach, the persistance for the language, and a questioning  nature this book is well worth the time spent reading it, no matter what  your final conclusions.
B00001OH7T|3.0|&quot;Young Americans&quot; es una de los discos ms personales de David Bowie. En l no intenta sorpender al pblico sino ir hacia algo ms &quot;standard&quot;. Se trata de un lbum ms digerible, pero no por ello  al que hay que dedicarle menos atencin. Las canciones son para escucharlas  y sentirlas. Puede ser que no sea lo ms brillante de Bowie, pero abundan  temas notables como &quot;Young Americans&quot;, &quot;Fame&quot; (a do  con John Lennon) y la conmovedora (hasta las venas) &quot;Across the  Universe&quot; (s, la de Los Beatles, tambin con Lennon). Recomendable.
B000002C1X|5.0|I don't care what any reviewer has to say, this album is great. In the words of Ferris Bueler, &quot;It is so choice. If you have the means, I highly suggest you pick one up.&quot;
B00000JQFL|5.0|This is an excellent live/studio album from EWF. &quot;New World Symphony&quot; is the best cut on the album. At 9 minutes and a half of pure bliss, the song starts of slow with a kalimba and ends with one of the funkiest rhythms I have ever heard in a blazing bass by Verdine White. Hearing EWF in concert is simply magical. &quot;Can't Hide Love&quot; is also a stellar track. I also love the song &quot;Sunshine&quot;. This is a must have album for all EWF fans.
6304126344|5.0|This is a video I watch repeatedly. Good story, action,suspense.Cameron knows how to deliver good sci-fi with strong female characters. The classic &quot;Arnold&quot; movie no fan should be without.
630575067X|5.0|Let's get this out of the way first, Episode 1 did lack the feeling of magic and wonder that the old films posessed. Now let's make an excuse. Episode 1 is set in a completely different time frame (40 years earlier I  believe),with new (old?) characters and struggles that are entirely  political, and thus action will not be heavy until the final confrontation  at the end. This movie does not make a heavy first impression, but  definitely DOES grow on you. Only recently when reflecting back on the film  do I start to get the nostalgia I have with the other three. Sorry critics,  but I think you'll find a healthy chunk of us found Jar Jar endearing. This  film is good in the sense of a Saturday morning cartoon. It leaves you with  a sigh of &quot;well that was fun&quot; at its end. Those who worry about  it being too childish may have forgotten what it was like to be a child.  I'm assuming that the lightness of this film can be accredited to the  guaranteed darkness of the next two, which will have their own sets of  critics. But in ten years, society will reflect back on all six and think :  &quot;Man, what a ride!&quot;
0312084986|5.0|All of James Herriot's books inspire everyone to give, and keep giving.  They give real examples of how life can and should be lived.
014028009X|4.0|We can all testify to having Bridget days/weeks/lives!  Very funny (even when things get really bad for B. -- at least you're not her!)
B0000028RR|5.0|This is my favorite CD. Listen to Killing in the Name and Know Your Enemy and you will see why. This is the most energetic band in the industry. Tom Morello is the best guitarist and Zach de la Rocha is awesome. A must buy.  I don't know one rock fan who does not like this cd.
B000002UAR|5.0|Although &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; has been endlessly praised(and deservedly so), the album that preceeded it definitely is worthy of the same praise. &quot;Revolver&quot; is still one of the most ambitious and innovative  records ever made. From &quot;Taxman&quot; to &quot;Tomorrow Never  Knows&quot;, this album really shows the Beatles stretching out and a great  willingness to try things that most successful rock bands would have been  scared to do. Straight up rockers(&quot;Taxman&quot;, &quot;And Your Bird  Can Sing&quot;), great ballads(&quot;Here There, And Everywhere&quot;,  &quot;For No One&quot;)and wild experimentation (&quot;Tommorow Never  Knows&quot;, &quot;I'm Only Sleeping&quot;), this album has everything.  Truly one of their finest moments.
B000002UAI|3.0|An album the Beatles threw together to meet a quota. It's still the Beatles though, and you could buy worse albums.It's one of Loveys favorites.
6305078181|3.0|DRACULA    (USA - 1979)    Aspect ratio: 2.39:1 (Panavision)  Theatrical soundtrack: Dolby Stereo    The first thing you'll notice about most home video versions of John Badham's DRACULA is the almost total absence of color. In fact, to all intents and purposes, this Technicolor film is now a black and white production! Apparently, the director felt his movie would play better this way on TV. It doesn't. In fact, it looks bloody awful. Go figure.     Anyway, the film itself is a rip-roaring Gothic melodrama, designed and photographed with a visual flourish that may seem old-fashioned and melodramatic, but compels attention in a way that almost completely eluded Francis Ford Coppola's take on the legend thirteen years later. The script retains the basic structure of Stoker's novel whilst adding enough fresh ideas of its own to keep boredom (bred of familiarity) firmly at bay. For instance, Dracula's comeuppance during the climax is a million miles from his fate in the book, but it works here on purely cinematic terms. Frank Langella's rather unfortunate pompadour hairdo detracts from the power of his performance as the Count, but his deceptively romantic interpretation is fully in keeping with the film's  approach. Lovely score by John Williams, too.
6305750750|5.0|Lucasdefinetly hit the bullseye this time, episode 1 was the best, most exciting movie of the year, and the 2nd best star wars film of all time (my fav is return of the jedi). The only mistake lucas made with episode 1 was  JarJar, i really dont like him. A very good story line and great SFX. BUY  THIS VIDEO!
B0000025DD|4.0|I borrowed this CD from a friend and immediately had to get a copy of my own.  I had never really listened to any solo work of Gilmour, but I fell in love with this at first listen.  It is just soothing guitar music.   'Raise My Rent' is my favorite track, I also love 'Theres No Way Out Of  Here'.  If you're expecting a Pink Floydish-sounding album that's more  stripped-down this is the one.  Its very easy on the ears!
6304007523|2.0|Stallone gets cross, sweaty, throws a few punches..... And then I woke up
B000002UB3|5.0|BRILLIANTLY EXECUTED (oops, sorry Lennon fans) MUSICIANSHIP AND A DAZZLING PRODUCTION MAKE THIS A MUST HAVE. AFTER THE DISASTEROUS &quot;LET IT BE (over) SESSIONS, GEORGE MARTIN DECIDED TO TAKE A STAB (sorry, Harrison  fans) AT ANOTHER BEATLES RECORD. IT WOULD BE THEIR SWAN SONG.
0451450523|5.0|I'm not typically a fan of science fiction or fantasy. Generally I think this plane offers enough material for me in my quest for readables.  This book however, is a delectable indulgent, lonely, beautiful experience.      It took me years of reading between the lines of the movie before i finally  opted to open the book and I was predictably smitten with the prose form.   Within the book i found a thousand treasure troves of what i had loved and  sought after from the film through childhood and adolescence.        Each  familiar character and scene commands new evaluation in the book. There are  many scenes and subtexts and sensations not present in the film which I now  deem essential parts of the whole.  I recommend slow digestion with a calm  mind and a willing heart.  its a book worth committing to for a deeper  understanding of that other plane so rarely glimpsed.
B000002HAJ|5.0|never under-estimate the cure,they are really good at what they do and that is making music everyone will like! best songs are:friday i'm in love,letter to elise,high,end...oh the whole thing! please do yourself a  favor and get this. i promise you wont be dissapointed. and while your at  it get pornography,disintegration,and paris. those cds are really great  too! as are all cure cds.
B000035Z2L|5.0|This has got to be one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.  It was hilarious the first time I saw it, and even better the next time, and the time after that...and the time after that.  American Pie really teaches  kids that sex is more then just some thing you have to do to be cool.  It  gives a good moral, as well as a great story.<br />There isn't much difference  is rated and unrated, but the unreated does have about three extra  scenes...so if you NEED to see them, get them, but it doesnt really matter.
0792842731|2.0|After proving that there was life after Dalton with the credible &quot;GOLDENEYE&quot;, the follow up film falls somewhat short, as a stunt training video, its a masterpiece, but with only the videocover to remind  you it is indeed a story, it is disappionting. The Evil press baron is more  Ian Hislop than Robert Maxwell and Teri Hatcher looks decidedly pregnant a  times (at the time of filming she was indeed). Pierce Brosnan tries to be  more Roger Moore than Roger Moore, and fails.  However, they all redeemed  themselves with &quot;The World Is Not Enough&quot; which is in a different  class alltogether.
B000002TYX|4.0|Disc one should be titled: &quot;THE BEATLES, WHEN THEY SUCKED AND COMPLETELY LACKED DIRECTION&quot;. Disc two really shines, with insights into the band's live performances and a few cool studio out-takes. The  liner notes are epecially good. The entire series should be titled  &quot;Fanthology&quot; because people who are just starting their Beatles  collection may be a little disapointed. I would suggest a foundation of the  &quot;RED&quot;,&quot;BLUE&quot; and &quot;PAST MASTERS 1&amp;2&quot; CD'S  FOR ANYONE JUST BUILDING THEIR BEATLES COLLECTION, first.
B000021Y74|5.0|Fast-paced and gut-wrenching, &quot;Lola&quot; is definitely one of the best films of 1999.  Creative, exciting and fresh, it has the viewer in tense expectation all throughout the 80 minutes.  A Must-See!
0446310786|5.0|To Kill A Mocking Bird is one of the most interesting novels Ihave ever read. The story takes place in a small town called Maycomb, Alabama in cine1960. The story is about a black man who is being defended by a white lawyer, because he was being accused of raping a white woman. The lawyer  who's name is Atticus had two children that were Jem who is a 12 year old  guy and Scout who is a 7 year old girl. The two children have their own  secret. They wonder who lives in the old house across the street in the  corner. They were scared every time they walked by there. They heard  stories that the people living there were murderer's. Well of course if you  want to find out if the black guy is found guilty, and what happens with  the old house across you have to read the book. I love the way Harper Lee  expresses herself through her characters. I love the way she writes. This  book gave a good insight to what life was like in America in the 1960's and  the kind of prejudices people had to live with in everyday life and how  they coped with it.
6304119046|5.0|Like the protaganist Charles Foster Kane, this film is indeed the sum of its contradictions. The film is breathtaking, Orson Welles' masterpiece. I highly recommend it.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This Album is Brilliant. My favourite song is Coma White. It is a great album for the whole family. The kids may enjoy 'Dope Show'.
6305662371|5.0|This is the best movie ever made!From beginning to end it's as scary as hell! I am one of the lucky people who have the limited box set with the book and cd soundtrack and much more... I look through it every day. From  the first time i saw this movie ( 20 years ago ) until now it gets me every  time!  Great actors, great special effects, GREAT MOVIE!
0451198670|1.0|By mid-way nothing had happened that was remotely interesting.  The character of Helen came across as a domineering 40ish woman who had no friends (although everyone was supposedly in love with her for whatever  reason) who hung out with her teenaged employees and obsessed over a  ridiculous letter.  I couldn't care less who wrote the letter or what  happened to Helen so I gave up before wasting more of my time.
0385486804|4.0|This is a really good book. This is the type of book that whenever I read a page or a section I want to keep going more and more each time to find out what happens next. Unlike other books that are the same type, that make  me want to keep going, whenever I do go on reading nothing interesting  happens. When I was half way through the book I realized that this wasn't  really a survival book which was what I was hoping for, so I was somewhat  disappointed but it is still a really good book. Krakauer, the author,  instead of writing an adventurous Alive or Cliffhanger type book he decided  to tell a story about the inner-self of a complicated, idealistic and  intense young man. Even though the book wasn't really about survival or the  point wasn't whether the guy died or not I really didn't like the fact that  when I started to read I already knew that they guy dies in the first  couple of chapters.
B00000J8EK|5.0|In do not like the way that everyone has been criricising this beautiful peace of music. I like this new Chems music a lot.   Coming from a house music and faithless fan, this is closer to the stuff everyone likes.   The  best track is undoubtably &quot;hey boy, hey girl&quot; this is so because  it stars of a normal rhtmical beat, after a couple of minutes, the music  changes into a distinct, high octane club tune, before mixing out into the  next+tune. Wow.   Also liked is &quot;the sunshine underground&quot;  another slow beat at the beginning, but after three or four minutes you  will hear some of the most unique music, you will ever know of.   Also  listen to the excellent &quot;surrender&quot; the slow beat tune mixed  straight in after &quot;hey boy, hey girl&quot; and &quot;out of  control&quot;, featuring some excellent vocals. Cushty.
630575067X|4.0|A Prequel must move us from a trilogy that I watched from start to finish over 30 times and fit into the sequence as smoothly as possible.  The Phantom Menace did that for me.  Yes, there was some lack of a specific  villian but it had to tie back into the trilogy and get us back to Darth  Vader.  We're there and ready for the next action packed movie.  I intend  to buy this on DVD and suggest that you consider the same action.
B00003W8NO|5.0|Wow, now here's an animated film that is amazing on many fronts. The technological achievement in the computer generation is facinating. But best of all is the true character of the story. It's hillarious, fun, and  intelligently witty. The story has elements of real issues (jealousy,  guilt, love) synthesized in an entertaining film. And it's cute!  I highly  recommend this picture for both children and adults alike.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Cool, precise and it never lets up. The weapons handling and effects are some of the best ever.<br />I liked the underlying Marine vs. Marine touch. They never say that McCauley was a Marine, but when he ditches Edie early  in the morning, he has an Eagle, Globe, and Anchor tattoo on his left arm.  Little things like this are what make this movie so cool. You look forward  to watching over and over again to see what other details you may have  missed.<br />I think that the jerks that give this movie bad reviews should at  least learn how to spell right first, i.e., &quot;Pachino, 'badd', and  'stuupid'&quot;.<br />Really, people, if you can't even spell words like  &quot;bad&quot; right, I hardly feel you have any say on how well a movie  is constructed.<br />TWO THUMBS UP! BEST OF THE BEST IN CRIME DRAMAS!
0425166805|5.0|Thisis an excellent book, as are his others.  Remember thatbelieving in the Bible is just as big of a leap as believing Danikens thoughts. Many aspects of the Bible are true, but not all.  Many of the things have been proven false or are speculation.  Check Exodous 19:18, this is when Moses is about to receive the ten commandments.  Very intresting that God must come down from the sky, and on top of that with fire and smoke blazing all over the place, sounds more like something else to me. I recommend any of his books to people who are  intrested in learning the truth behind our past.
B000003CKH|5.0|Cake rules.  These guys just sooth me so I feel good about EVERYTHING, (unbelievably).
B000021XS0|5.0|It's a very good album, but the story line is like &quot;Dead Again&quot; try to look out for it...
B00000JCB2|1.0|'Significant Other' is yet another hideously hackneyed hybrid of horrible hip-hop and harrowing heavy-metal. <br /> Fronted by 'hip white boy' Fred Durst, Limp Bizkit aggressively peddle out a panoply of alarmingly tuneless songs in the name of contrived nihilism ('Break Stuff' and 'Show Me What  You Got'). And once they've ceased petulantly stomping their feet like  little troglodytes that haven't gotten their waterdishes filled, they turn  their contempt towards ex-girlfriends ('Nookie' and 'No Sex'). <br /> Don't  bother looking for any progressive or tentative elements in  &quot;Significan Other', or you'll set yourself up for a let down of the  Millennium Bug kind. Limp Bizkit is nothing more than a fifth-rate Pantera  that attempts to cleverly conceal inevitable comparisons by rapping in  double-negatives.
B000001DYA|5.0|I remember seeing Blue Cheer playing a gig in a Haight-Ashbury club on a TV movie.  Summertime Blues.  I distinctly remember thinking something to the equivalent of &quot;Welcome to the next level&quot;. They set me up,  and Black Sabbath spiked it right through the heart with their first album.
0451198670|1.0|It's very, very seldom that I come across a book that's so bad it actually crosses the line from 'bad' to 'evil,' but this one definitely does. Ten times my allowed 1000 words wouldn't be enough to even ENUMERATE all that's  wrong with every single aspect of this booklet, let alone do details. And  like all evil things, it prompts good to DO evil - for instance, it  wouldn't take much for me to agree to have every copy of this wretched  piece of sentimental porridge piled in Times Square and burned. Avoid it at  all costs.
0679721037|5.0|Hiroshima, a novel by John Hersey takes the reader back to 1945 when the first atomic bomb was dropped.  John Hersey takes the stories of six survivors of Hiroshima.  In this short novel John Hersey describes what  happened to these six survivors when the bomb exploded and what happened to  them 40 years later. Switching from character to character with suspense  hanging from every page I think that I would call this book a &quot;Page  Turner.&quot; I think that it was an excellent book because of how the  author makes the book both interesting and full of facts.  The book not  only takes you back to the day of the bombing but at the same time it helps  you learn the truth and pain of Hiroshima's survivors.  The book gives you  a lot of facts from Hiroshima as well.  Hiroshima takes you into the lives  of these 6 lucky people. Throughout the book you experience the pain of  these people (not as much of course). Even though the book is very  descriptive and at some times very graphic I give it 5 stars.  I recommend  this book to everyone who has questions about what happened to people at  Hiroshima.
6305718954|5.0|This movie was great in every way a film can be can great! This movie says exactly what I have always said about religion. SPLIT A PIECE OF WOOD KICK OVER A STONE AND I AM THERE, THE KINGDOM OF GOD IS ALL ABOUT YOU. That says  it all. Religion has been the leading cause of violence death and hatrid.  The bible whether you like it or not is fiction. Written by the hand of man  to controll man. Simple as that. This is a much better film than the  Exorcist!
B00000J2KT|5.0|Stanley Kubrick is a genius.  This movie is so powerful it is hard to put into words.  War is usually depicted as blood and guts.  Kubrick takes it to a new level to show a completely different side to the horrors of war.
0446310786|5.0|This book, which has set in the small town of Maycomb (Alabama), follows the story about a little 8-year-old girl named Scout, her brother, Jem, and her father Atticus.        Through the young eyes of Scout and Jem Finch,  Harper Lee explores with rich humor and honesty the irrationality of adult  attitudes toward race and class. The conscience of a town based in  prejudice, violence, and hypocrisy is pricked by the quiet heroism of one  man's struggle for justice. Atticus is an excellent example of someone who  is ahead of their time, he has an unbelievably large amount of love in his  heart, and his children really are his life. He is very up front and honest  with Jem and Scout, always treating them as equals. By looking for the good  qualities within even the poorest or socially marginalized of his clients,  Atticus Finch personifies the true goal of his profession, which is to  provide each person with equal standing and dignity before a jury of his  abilities.           It explores human behavior, kindness and cruelty,  innocence and guilt love and hate. This novel gave me a better insight to  prejudice and life in the south during that era, and left me an impact I  will never forget.              I learned and understood many new aspects  of life by reading this book. Harper Lee has a point to make and she does  it very well. I would recommend it to anyone who is ready to sit down and  really read a great book. This book has been one of my favorites, because  it taught me different ways to see life and the most important...values  that changed my mind.
B000005ITX|5.0|Some of the other DJs at WFMU laugh at me when I say this is one of the few albums I can listen to from beginning to end. With a CD, one doesn't even have to turn the record over. It's loaded with mysteries, small  perversities (it was L.A. after all) &amp; desperation that demonstrate the  hollowness of those love beads everyone was wearing. Of course,The Doors  &amp; the Velvets &amp; Neil Young were hip to the San Fran scam, too, but  not with this quality of anger &amp; sweet sadness. &amp; it's not just  Arthur Lee; the late Bryan Maclean does more than swell on &quot;Forever  Changes.&quot; The string arrangements are excellent - only Van Morrison's  &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; can compare. I still ask myself the question:  &quot;I wonder who it will be tomorrow, you or me?&quot;<BR> <BR> Bob  Rixon, WFMU
0790733226|4.0|When I first saw this movie in the theater I was blown away and went home in a daze.  With some time to reflect, it was more about Jodie Foster's performance and the film's big Hollywood style, than true movie substance.    Emotionally one of my favorites, I've watched it many times and still get  a little choked up, esp. when she gets ready for launching in the Machine.   The love story, however, is flat, and thus I feel it can't have 5 stars.        I had to read the book, and of course it was better.  More political,  (although dated) it makes up for the lack of deep substance in the movie.   No love story here (although some interest in a character not even in the  movie).   Read it soon, but after you see the movie.  Carl Sagan, thank you  for making a brilliant, original pop fiction novel before you left us.        As for the DVD, plenty has been said here already, and all of it is true.   This is one of the ultimate DVD versions of a movie and relatively  inexpensive too!  (only Brazil - Criterion is better, but 3 times the  price!)      Movie: 4 stars    DVD, although : 5+ stars
B00003CWOL|1.0|First of all...I hated it. Ben Affleck and Matt Damon truly bombed in making this film. You may have heard that many Catholics are outraged at this film...no wonder...it is a rotten film. It's boring, it's stupid, and  it has no redeeming qualities. Forget the whole religious offensiveness  bit, this movie simply stinks. Bottom line....the title should have been  &quot;Ernest Gets Kicked Out of Heaven and Then Trys To Sneak Back  In.&quot;
6304913176|4.0|This one has it all. Action,thrills and plenty of blood and gore. Fans of the genre will definitely get a kick out of this movie.
0780625129|4.0|First of all....if one can say that they really can like a film like this, then I did....definitely not for the story line, but for the film's style and the way it was presented. This film takes a look at a small segment of  our society, those who follow the warped beliefs of Nazism and Hitler, and  brings it to life. This definitely wasn't Oprah or Geraldo, but a serious  look into the lives of one family and how those beliefs impacted upon it.  The film follows how the sons of the family developed or incorporated those  beliefs as their own and how the rest of the family worked to change them  or stay away from them. There are some scenes that audience members may  find difficult to watch but even with your eyes closed, you still could  sense that scene strongly. Should you see this film?...definitely! Can you  learn from it?...maybe. It will not teach you sensitivity or help you  understand how one learns to be hateful...what it does do is show you very  vividly...what hate is. If you walk away from this film with anything...it  is an acceptance that there is hate in our society and there are no easy  ways to prevent it, change it or destroy it. That doesn't mean we should  accept it...this film just brings it out in a very vivid way. Bottom  line....if you have ever wanted to see a film that you might consider  walking out of due to the violence of it...this is one that might just do  it for you.
B000002UB6|5.0|Over the past few weeks I've been listening to this album more and more, and I've realised how good all of the songs on it sound, and wondered how I missed it before (I've had it for years)! The album is rather short since  Dig It and Maggie Mae don't really count as full tracks in my opinion, but  it's not an album where I feel at any time i need to skip tracks. The live  sound it refreshing, but the performances are consistant in addition,  making it a winner.
6305718903|4.0|First of all....I really liked it. While many of you may be turned off imediately by a film with a title like &quot;Stigmata&quot;, this is a great film. Stigmata is about persons with a deep religious faith who take  on the outward signs of crusifixtion as Christ did. These people develop  thorn cuts on their heads, bleed from the hands and feet, and wounds in  their side. This is a film that brings elements of possible demonic  possessions with the response of the Catholic Church. At times the audience  may wince at the gore but also be entertained at how it is presented. As I  sat watching this film, I wondered what I would do if I encountered a  person floating in the air hanging on an imaginary cross....would calling  911 bring the relief or help I seek? I could just imagine a Milwaukee cop  showing up and quickly leaving (but still having enough time to stop and  give me a parking ticket first.) This film will cause you to wonder....do  these things really happen? Do other religions other than Catholics have  stigmatas, and how come they don't make movies with non-Catholic priests  responding....here comes Jim or Tammy Faye to take care of a demon, now  that might sell. The film is well done, it keeps your attention, it  challenges you, and is well acted and filmed. Bottom line...if you are  looking for a thriller that leaves you questioning a few components of your  personal faith, then this film is for you.
B000002UAR|5.0|This is the album when things realy started to happen in the world of music. Its a MUST!
B00003CWQ2|1.0|First of all...I truly hated it and yet liked it. Okay, I know you are wondering what kind of rating is that, but it is true. While I hated the film for it's violent content, I liked the quality of the story and the  outstanding performances by Brad Pitt, Ed Norton, and Helena Bonham Carter.  Any film that makes &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; look like a Disney  movie is a film that is truly not for everyone. My immediate reaction after  seeing this film was that I would not encourage anyone to see this film,  nor would I even want to review it for fear that it might spark someone to  want to see it. I don't think I have ever seen a more violent movie nor do  I ever want to see one. &quot;Fight Club&quot; is truly in a class by  itself. It is a film that you would not want to take a date to, nor is it a  film that will entertain you...I can't imagine someone running down to the  local Blockbuster and picking it up for a quiet evening at home. I am not  one for censorship nor am I one for banning a film, but I would seriously  question the judgement of someone who viewed this film and considered it  entertainment. The story centers around the relationship of two people,  Pitt and Norton, and the enjoyment they get from beating the  &quot;heck&quot; out of each other. They fight not for sport, but for the  pure enjoyment they feel from the pain they inflict upon others and in  return have inflicted upon them. Bottom line...I feel it's time we add  another rating to our rating scale...&quot;NRQ&quot;...&quot;No Redeeming  Quality&quot;. This film has no redeeming qualities, is not entertaining,  nor should anyone see it...but it definitely is one film like no other.
6305229449|4.0|While Mulan is a solid film, it can't stand up to the standards held by some of its recent ancestors, namely Aladin, Beauty and the Beast, Lion King.<br />The animation works, but it doesn't look as catchy as the  ultra-realistic animation featured in other non-disney animated  movies.<br />The acting was pretty good, but after seeing too many disney  movies one gets sick of the same characters.  Enemy pure evil, good guy  totally pure and innocent, and the little smart-alec sidekick.<br />The bad  guys' army did look pretty menacing though, and the movie did carry itself  well, although the roof scene at the end was too reminiscent of Garcon and  Beasts' battle in B&amp;tB.  There also weren't enough songs, or of enough  caliber, to stand up to previous disney standards.<br />While this movie can  certainly hold its own, it hasn't earned that special place which its  better peers have.
B00000JGOH|3.0|First of all....I liked it (but not the first half hour). Okay, I know you are wondering what I meant by saying not the first half hour, that's because it was totally boring and I began to fall asleep. If you can last  beyond the first 30 minutes, the movie picks up and you begin getting into  it....but prior to that you are feeling like you did in high school when  the English teacher said we are going to be reading Shakespeare this  quarter. I do question how in the world they got nominated for so many  Oscars, but we'll see how many they actually end up winning. If you are  looking for period pieces, go see &quot;Mrs. Brown&quot; and  &quot;Elizabeth&quot;, which by the way share many of the same actors from  this movie (do you think they got to keep their costumes?) Okay quick story  review...lets follow young Bill Shakespeare as he falls in love and learns  the lessons of love in order to write his classic &quot;Romeo and  Juliet&quot;. While this film was entertaining, it just isn't for everyone.  Bottom line...if you are making a movie about 20 dates that you will be  going on, then this definitely could be one of them.
B00001W9G0|5.0|I Had A Similar Experience To This.  We Met In Our Campus As A Medical And Art Student.  As A Phrase In This Movie,I Had A Life Of Being Easily Realized. But She Struggled In Every Her Works.<br /> After 3 Years, We  Couldn't Make The Distance Between Us Narrow, Couldn't Help To Saying Hello  Each Other.<br /> I Would like To Make More Points On The Performance Of  Barbra Than One Of Robert.<br /> I Am Only 28 Years Old, This Movie Is So Old  For me. But That Distance On Time Is No Use For Understanding Of  &quot;Paradox&quot; That Love Be Realistic And Forever.
0783227256|5.0|First of all...I loved it. This is another one of those emotional films by Steven Spielberg, but like the others, he does a great job with a difficult story line. This is not a feel good movie, nor does it make you feel like  you want to go out there and change the world; what it does do, is make you  sit back and reflect upon an incident in our nation's history that will  disappoint you. The story line centers around the capture, detainment,  transportation and murder of men, women and children who are being brought  to the United States to be slaves in 1839. The Africans on the ship  &quot;Amistad&quot; rebel, take control of the ship, and attempt to go back  to Africa to be free. Their dream for freedom is short-lived as their ship  is captured by an American Naval ship and brought to the United States. The  Africans (led by Djimon Hounsou) are placed on trial, they are fighting for  their freedom, but their lawyers and the politicians have turned it into a  fight over the issue of slavery. The Africans win the first few rounds only  to have their freedom appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court, where former  President John Quincy Adams (Anthony Hopkins) is recruited to defend them.  I was saddened by the role that politics played in this freedom fight and  how President Martin Van Buren fought not to do what was right, but fought  instead to save his re-election. Earlier I said this film won't make you  want to go out and change the world...I think it's because after seeing  this film you realize that these political games have been played for the  past 160 years by Presidents and you are just fed up. The sad part is to  those who are the victims in these political games...don't consider it a  game nor do they have a fair chance to win. Bottom line...go see the film  and then send President Clinton an e-mail at president@whitehouse.gov and  thank him for not playing political games while he has been in office.
B000002H33|5.0|Wow. What can you say about this record? Metallica has long since sold out, but that can't change the fact that this is the best album ever. Thrash metal at it's peak. The guitars are awesome, the late Cliff Burton  is a genius on bass, and Lars Ulrich pounds the drums without mercy. If you  don't own this, your life is not complete. It's doubtfull any band will  ever make an album to surpass this one. Buy it. Now.
6303394000|4.0|Great story of the dark side of showbiz and self-absorption.  In my opinion the dance sequences are too long--a good 15 or 20 minutes could be cut from this movie.  But don't let that stop you from seeing this very  well-acted and directed movie.
B000002HNR|4.0|A great addition to any Doors collection. I first heard this about 15 years ago and have since bought first the double album set, then the CD. It is classic Doors, and typical Morrison. From the music, and also his  reaction to what's going on in the crowd, you get the impression Morrison  nevers really cares what the audience thinks about his art. This doesn't  take away from his passion for the music though, as testified by the songs  included. Each and every piece is a story all on it's own. Highlights  include a great version of &quot;Break on Thru&quot;, and the epic poetry  of &quot;Celebration of the Lizard&quot;. The low point of this concert was  &quot;Build Me a Women&quot; which is just plain dumb. However it's then  followed by a interesting version of &quot;When the Music's over&quot;  which has Morrison screaming at the crowd to shut-up. Overall a great  concert, and an absolute must for Doors fans everywhere!
1558216847|2.0|Not a bad read, although the plot becomes bogged down with the sheer boredom of this journey.<br /> Page after page of searching for food and walking. It is hard to belive that these men managed their way throught  this almost inconceiveable journey on the goodness of the Mongolinan and  Tibetan people.<br />This novel does not impart upon the reader adequately  thru written prose, the actual hardships that would have been commensurate  of this type of journey. Nor does it impart any survial techniques required  to keep people alive on a several thousand mile journey.<br />In closing, I  find it basically uninspiring and hard to belive. Wouldn't even make a good  fiction novel. SAVE YOUR MONEY!
6305064679|5.0|This movie si really funny and one of the best of 1997, it is very original and it gets it's laugh in a very unique and honest way. The acting is great and the actors are perfectly cast, the accents are a bit heavy,  but you can still understand. I recommend this movie to anyone who's  looking for a good comedy and a good time.
B000003S0F|3.0|Islands fills in the gap between Lark's Tongues and Lizard. One of its downfalls is definitely having a singer who is scarcely suited to the group, who sings in a pestering Micheal Crawford manner (I prefer the  wheezy Jon Whetton variety for Crimson, personally). Highpoints are the  sinister sounding 'Sailor's Tale' and 'Ladies of the Road', one of the  King's rare and amusing attempts at misogyny.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I just recently got this.. because I found it used.. and I was like what the heck I liked that sadness song.  I was never one for the more uplifting lyrical songs of theirs.. But most the songs on this are ambient in a  way... but keeping that enigma feel.. This in my opinion is their best  cd...  from what Ive heard.  Everything is composed in such a way that you  could almost call it trance at some points (not progressive).  They  do,however, have a few of those upbeat songs with lyrics thrown in there to  my dismay, but I know those are what a lot of people like.
0792843584|1.0|Hard as it must have been to make Wyoming's Johnson County War boring, these people managed to find a way.
B00003A9QI|5.0|Powerfully emotional!   Moved -  I felt it all.   Expression beyond words - this is beautiful music.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The extreme fights, the terrorism on conformists, and the fresh performances by Brad Pitt (who is absolutely outstanding), and Edward Norton are a few things that make Fight Club one of my favorite films of  all time.  What I am amazed at is the lack of success the film had, even  after the publicity and hype.  Either way, this movie is definately at the  top of my A-list.  If your reason for not seeing the film is the rumored  extreme violence, you should not let that deter you from seeing it.  Many  films before, (and since) then have had violence of equal or lesser  amounts, but they have not been so metaphorically eye-opening as the  violence in Fight Club.  If anything, you should see this film to see the  surprise ending, and to see Pitt and Norton go out on a limb in their  careers. A definate must!
0440539811|2.0|While this book is at times entertaining, and I think written in the spirit of fun, what's unfortunate is that there are people who find this book insightful or enlightening. It is neither; rather, by making myriad  half-cocked references to crypto-historical sources (Freemasons, secret  societies...) or pretentious yet vapid name-dropping nods to actual  cultural heavyweights (Joyce, Vico...) it attempts to (re)create a secret  history of the world. The trouble is the authors always fail to deliver on  this interesting premise, instead using the &quot;let's throw it at the  wall and see if it sticks&quot; method. The resulting lack of narrative is  meant to be read as a &quot;postmodern&quot; pastiche, or some such idiocy.  &quot;Wow, man, the sense of time is, like, all over the place.&quot;   What's also all over the place is woman-as-object sexism, which suits the  comic-book level of this work rather nicely; as, to be fair, there are no  real characters other than one or two personality quirks inhabiting the  same names on some consistent basis.  It's like a roomful of stoners who  get this &quot;great idea,&quot; then actually have the gumption to write  it all down. Trouble is, in the morning it all looks like stoned mish mash,  a 60's counterculture &quot;what-if&quot; fantasy which starts from a  decent half-baked notion and goes downhill from there.  I feel bad for the  folks who find food for thought in this specious smorgasborg.
B00000J7J4|3.0|Okay, I loved Santana in the old days.  I especially liked the work he did with John McGlaughlin (sp?).  This newest offering, although well received, seems to be a hodge podge of approaches that doesn't have a center.<br />The  guest artists are well established and each piece is good but I didn't hear  anything that would be considered outstanding.<br />To hear the best Santana,  you'll have to buy his older work.  How many times have you been  disappointed in those albums and CDs that have a multitude of stars but no  heart, no center?  Santana needs to reinvent himself alone.  He's talented  enough to not have to rely on a variety show approach to his releases.
B00000IIXH|5.0|Been looking for Pink Cadillac for over 5 years.  Finally got it on this  CD.  Bout time!
B00000AFDW|3.0|I agree with a fellow reviewer in that I can't understand how many good reviews there are for this album.  And then to classify it with the likes of &quot;Love Gun,&quot; or &quot;Creatures of the Night,&quot; shocks me  (pardon the pun).  Again, this is an album with no really good Simmons  songs.  I really can't suggest any of them as Kiss worthy except (maybe)  &quot;You Wanted the Best&quot;.  I, too, worked in a CD store at the time  of its release, and sales were lackluster at best.  On the bright side,  every Stanley song is a winner.  &quot;I Pledge Allegience...&quot; is my  favorite only because I've heard the instant classic &quot;Psycho  Circus,&quot; a million times.  Ace's only contribution is a highlight as  well.  &quot;Into the Void,&quot; which Simmons almost didn't allow on the  album until Stanley helped with the bridge, is Space Ace at his best.  The  worst song on the album is without a doubt Criss' ballad &quot;I Finally  Found My Way.&quot;  A Stanley/Ezrin co-write, it was intended to be  &quot;Beth II,&quot; but falls far short of the mark.  Peter would have  fared much better with a rock song in the line of R'N'R'Over's &quot;Baby  Driver.&quot;  Considering this album just eeked over the 500,000 (Gold)  mark, that should give you a good idea of the hype vs. the goods.  Overall,  I would consider this &quot;Unmasked II,&quot; which for non-Kiss fans is  not very good.  Three stars for Paul and his continuing vision of good rock  and roll.  Thanks, Paul.
0553213342|5.0|Jane Austen delves into the heart and mind of Elinor and Marianne Dashwood.  These two sisters, once concious of and obeying the dictates of decor, the other given to the whims of her heart, balance one another  perfectly.  Austen addresses one of the chief concerns of the romantic  period, the importance lent to rational thought (sense) and passion  (sensibility).  This is a wonderful book which every serious reader should  have in his or her collection.
0790741512|5.0|this was the greatest movie i have ever seen. It is basically all action and barely any dialouge but it has a point to it. it is very good from start and especially to finish. You can watch this movie over and over  again. this is by far the greatest movie ever made.
0449000729|5.0|I love this book! I have since the first time I read it, and I've read it several times since then. I've been a fan of this genre of historical fiction, since James Michener's &quot;Chesapeake&quot; made the history of  the area in which I was raised, not only palatable, but interesting and  relatively easy to follow. My interest in that particular book was its'  ability to teach me about my home. Well, as much as I am from the  mid-Atlantic region of the U.S., I am also a passionate anglophile. This  book not only played well to that passion, it actually whetted my appetite  for even more information about that lonely isle off the northwest coast of  the European continent.<br />Edward Rutherford begins his tale in a time,  before recorded time, as the last ice age retreated from northern Europe  and severed Britain from the rest of the continent. Rooting two fictional  family trees in characters from this era, he then takes broad strides  through the history of Sarum, an ancient name for the area in and around  modern Salisbury, England; right up through World War 2 and into the  1980's. Routinely rooting additional fictional families in characters,  which arrive over the progression of ages, Rutherford floats a very human  dramatic narrative of individuals, families, personalities and geneology on  the real timeline, currents and subtleties of the true history of a  fascinating region, country and people.<br />While focusing on a relatively  compact region of England, this book offers some deep insight into the very  unique, historically multi-cultural and yet, deeply reserved people that  are the English. The history in this book is rich, while not overwhelmingly  scholarly. Rutherford picks and chooses his timing, sometimes becoming  quite detailed in his descriptions of technological advances or historic  upheavals which may have changed the course of human development, and  relaxing at other times to nearly &quot;romance-novel&quot; treatments of  passionaterelationships amonst his fictional characters. He uses  mysterious Stonehenge and the beautiful 13th-century cathedral at Salisbury  as lasting monuments to the character of a people who force tradition and a  resolute slowness to change, at every turn; despite their being invaded and  fundamentally changed repeatedly throughout their history.<br />Enjoy this  book. Don't try to make too much out of it. Enjoy the light fiction and  learn from the history given; this is a large book, and one without the  other would've been too much.
1559408898|5.0|I liked this DVD version because it had the extra parts in it that VHS cut out like when alex murphy gets his arm blown off. it was a good movie the plot was great and smart. this wasn't a movie where they just put something  together and leave you feeling sick that you bought it. the effects are  good and the acting was great.
0312084986|5.0|It's been six years since I first bought one of James Herriot's novels, and far longer since I read his picture books (e.g. Bonnie's Big Day). Even now in my last year of high school, it's a choice I have never regretted  making. All Creatures Great and Small is just one of the most heart-warming  and touching books written by someone who was truly blessed by God. This  book is serves as an inspiration and companion for the soul of any  animal-lover, one whose stories will never fade with the passage of the  years. It brings every facet of life and love into being, and is a calling  for all animal-lovers around the globe. I have James Herriot, my idol, to  thank for helping me choose veterinary medecine as my future career, a  choice I have stood by for eleven years!
0440224764|4.0|It held me from the start and realized how it can easily manipulate the reader to find out how it will end. It had one of the most beautoful ending I have read from him. Very intelligent.
6305205620|5.0|Metallica on this release have set the standards on how to do a live music DVD. No matter what genre tickles your fancy, if you are a lover of live music, this is the ultimate. All the extras are here, this a quality  product by a quality band who care about their fans. Can't wait for S&amp;M  next month.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I have VHS this title(Japanese originally) and I've enjoyed itmany many times.I love Mononoke Hime. This is a geniusly-mademovie. My junior high school daughter is surely one of that Mononoke enthusiasts.  END
6305205620|5.0|Metallica on this release have set the standards on how to do a live music DVD. No matter what genre tickles your fancy, if you are a lover of live music, this is the ultimate. All the extras are here, this a quality  product by a quality band who care about their fans. Can't wait for S&amp;M  next month.
0425170349|5.0|This is another of Mr Clancy's excellent series of books which, typically for him, entertains, educates and treats hypotension all at the same time.  The true beauty of this and all of this series of books is that you can  actually learn interesting things while escaping the four walls that  surround you. The only pity is that Clancy isn't one of a series of clones  so that more books can become available faster.  If you can't enjoy this  book, you must have a flat brain wave and no pulse.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I think this CD is Da Bomb!  Its so cool!  It has a lot of cussing though!  But who really cares!
0446525537|5.0|I read this book back in October and I didn't know anyone else who had read it.  I assumed that there was a positive ending... at least for a few more years (those who have read the story will know what I mean!).  Then, a  coworker read the story and had a completely different view of the ending.   Now we are debating back and forth and are looking for others to help us.   From reading the other reviews, it looks like many others agree with me.   Anyone who cares to share their opinion, please feel free to e-mail me! No  matter what others say about the ending, however, I still feel this is one  of the greatest books I have ever read.
0446605409|5.0|Plum Island,without question was one of the best books I have ever read.  (And I read a lot!)  The only reason the end was OK, was because I knew the Lion's Game was waiting for me.  I have recommended both books to all my  friends and even purchased Plum Island for a few to get them started.   Bring back John Corey!  I love him!<br />Oh! and if this is ever made into a  movie, I think Bruce Willis would be a perfect John Corey!<br />Thanks Mr.  deMille for a great book and great character.  I am having trouble getting  into another book, that I'm considering reading them again.  They were that  good!
0790742705|5.0|Like the furbies of today the gremlins of the past must have inspired it and it's not too gruesome for the kids to watch.  My daughter is 6 and loves the goosebumps videos and she loved this one.  Hope you enjoy it as  much as we did.
B00000K2SD|4.0|Awesome special FX. As usual great performances of Reaves and Fishburn
0689815816|5.0|I have such fondness for this book--it was one of the very first books I bought my son when he was only 6 mos old and my husband and I enjoy reading it to him again and again and again, unlike Pooh's 'Who hid the Honey'  (avoid THAT at all costs!).  I am not naturally very animated and this  books makes it easy to make him laugh and laugh.  And the illustrations are  truly beautiful!  I practically want to crawl right in!
B00000331V|5.0|Yes, it is live.  I usually steer clear from live albums myself; however, I now listen to &quot;Blow Your Face Out&quot; more often than JGB's other albums.  &quot;Musta Got Lost&quot; is unbeatable, with a classic  introduction not found on other albums.  The Intro to &quot;Lookin' for a  Love&quot; is also a rarity.  Overall, this album exceeded all  expectations.  For me, it has been a worthy investment.
6305622825|3.0|As much as &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot; surprised me with its exciting plot and charismatic lead actors, &quot;Entrapment&quot; disappointed me. Here's why-<br />The plot is a little clunky- a heist in  Kuala Lumpur (for the geographically illiterate, that is in Malaysia) that  can only be pulled off at midnight of December 31st, 1999 because of the  Y2K computer glitch. Interesting, topical, and a little too expository at  times for my taste. I was genuinely surprised by the trick ending to  &quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot;. I didn't see it coming and yet it was  entirely believable. I didn't buy the trick ending to  &quot;Entrapment&quot;. I did sort of see it coming, and it wasn't  believable. Too left field for my liking.<br />Much was made of the casting of  this movie- since Sean Connery is old enough to be his co-star's  grandfather. Personally it didn't bother me too much- Connery is still the  epitome of the action star and still has the intensity and passion to carry  a film all by himself. I hate to say it, but the problem I have with this  movie is with Catherine Zeta-Jones, Connery's costar. Zeta-Jones is a  stunningly beautiful woman who looks very good here, and also, in this film  at least, is a stunningly bad actress who hits all of the wrong notes and  is not believable in her role.<br />What else? I liked Ving Rhames. Always an  actor with a presence, he does a good job here. Otherwise this movie was a  profound disappointment- from Zeta-Jones's performance, from the slow  action scenes, from the bad dialouge, this movie left me wanting. Too bad.
6302548195|5.0|I saw this movie with my dad when I was young and now I want a copy of it and can't find one anywhere.  If any can help me find one please e-mail me.  It is a truly inspiring film
0684857219|2.0|It describes many bodypart traning exercises and  contains history of bodybuilding that is intersting. But a great deal of information of the books is outdated and not based on scientific researchs and the exercise  program is not suitable for normal health people but only for steroid drug  users .Some exercises is easy to cause injury to tendon,ligament and  joints.The book is no written in organised manner. I recommend customers  not to follow the exercise program and some exercises such as shoulder  press behind neck.This is only for reference. For bodybuilding and strength  traing, I recommend the books titled A complete guide to strength training  and A practical approach to strength traning.
B000006IUQ|5.0|The acting in this film is superb; as is the suspense factor!  In the movie, Hopkins, who plays an eccentric rich guy and Baldwin, who plays a slick play-boy who's after Hopkin's beautiful model wife, get stranded  together in the Alaskan wildnerness after their plane crashes.  Enter:  THE  BEAR!   This bear deserves an academy award for being one of the most  terrifying creatures ever to appear on the screen!  This bear actually  STALKS the men in the woods, creating an almost palpable air of suspense  that will terrify you, even as you sit in the comfort of your own home!   This movie is a definite &quot;must see&quot; - cleverly written and  rivetting, no matter how many times you view it!
B000000WFF|5.0|this is the best album i have ever listened to with Spice right behind it.the song are great,their voices are great and if you listen to it you'll forever.
B000002N2Z|5.0|The Deftones are one heck of an amazing band! they are agresive but also quite meldonic! This album is extreamly powerful! With classics such as nosebleed, minus blind fold, 7 words, and bored, this album will go down in  hordcore history! This band makes limp bizkit look like hanson!
B000002C1Z|5.0|Animals is probably one of the most psycologically profound albums ever made. Listen to the lyrics. Grasp the intentions of the music. It's up and it's down. If you think of what they're saying here it's pretty awesome for  that day. It's about animals, us. It's actually amazing to me that the  record  companies would even produce something this good. Since you're  looking for EXCELLENT MUSIC and &quot;HARMLESSLY PASSING YOUR TIME THROUGH  THE GRASSLAND AWAY&quot; you should consider this one or else you better  find SHELTER FROM PIGS ON THE WING !
B00000J7J4|4.0|For those of you who liked this , try 'Tres' by a Puerto Rican group called Fiel a La Vega . You'll thank me .
6303122647|3.0|great cinematography bad plot great scoring bad songs (the ones sung) if you haven't already, get edward scissor hands before you buy this.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Go see the movie. But seriously. This is a perfect example of what can happen with your life if you stick to the rat-race and forget about the little things...the ones that make life worth living. See how it is when  the risk of spilling beer over a couch is more important than a romantic  kiss on the very couch. Actually, it is to me a poetic/dramatic version of  &quot;Married with children&quot;...everybody is a freak, or at least a  weirdo (apart from Kevin Spacey who seems to enjoy being straight-forward  after years of hypocrisy - big time!). To conclude: if you feel that you  start missing something in your life - this is the movie for you.
6305537798|5.0|Loved this movie.  It kept me laughing all the way through.  Great music, great city, and it kept me interested.
0140177396|5.0|I just finished reading \\"Of Mice & Men\\" for a paper for my 20thCentury Literature class and I thought it was so awesome.  Steinbeckdoes a good job of writing this book as he describes people as if they were living their lives at the same level of existence as animals. But, unline the animals, these characters do have their dignity and face life without flinching.  They have ideals that separate them from animals and they dream of their promised land, but it's too far away. Indeed, the theme in this book is companionship.  The friendship between George & Lennie is close in that George takes it up for his  feeble-minded friend and protects him above all, even his own interests.  There is a deep sacred bond between these two as  if they were brothers.  There was great humor in the book as well as its  equal share of sadness.  I rate this book with 5 stars for it was adventurous, humorous, sad, and then the moral outcome in the end.   I RECOMMEND FOR ANYONE WHO'S LOOKING FOR A GREAT BOOK!
B000005JXG|3.0|This is my favorite Pogues album.  Mcgowan is a poetic genuis.  Fairytale is more than a great song, its captures the Joyce/Vico cycle as much as Tim Finnegan's Wake ballad.  Fiesta never fails to lift my spirits.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|As with all modern classics, a lot of people have missed the point of this movie.  The comment that bugs me the most is &quot;it's not about sex,&quot; as if people feel the need to defend the movie.<br />They're  wrong - it IS about sex - but it's not pornography.  The movie is, at  heart, a vast, in-depth exploration of human nature, and of our sexual  instinct in particular.  Every event in this movie explores some realm of  sexual commitment, temptation, degradation, or obsession.  The final scene  perfectly sums up the resulting discovery.<br />Kubrick did not set out to  portray a glowing, virtuous picture of human nature in this film.  He in  fact did not have a very high opinion of human nature, which is apparent  from his other movies.  Eyes Wide Shut is particularly scathing; anyone who  can watch this movie and not be scared out of their minds by the slight  possibility that Kubrick's proposal is true is not fully understanding what  this movie is saying.<br />This movie is truly one of the greatest pieces of  modern film literature I have yet come across.  It is the most explorative  philosophical movie that I think has been released in a long time, and it  most certainly deserves a better recognition than it has at the present.  Hopefully the film critic &quot;authorities&quot; will eventually be able  to recognize its true worth.
0440539811|2.0|A mildly entertaining work, despite overall structural incoherence.  Weird, trippy, and often hysterical, but ultimately worth about ten pages of Pynchon's &quot;Gravity's Rainbow&quot;. For more fast-paced, stylish,  coherent Illuminati action, check out Grant Morrison's  &quot;Invisibles&quot; comic book series (4 out of 5 stars in that  particular genre).
1567405568|5.0|The entire series is the best I have ever read.  Mr. Goodkind's stories just seemed to draw me in.  All the hardships and joys they went through made me fell as though I was actually in the story watching everything  happen.  I mean it was so good I thought I actually had all the sensory  functions.
B00000APLB|4.0|Maybe Scott Reed should think before he speaks.  Granted this album doesn't shine but consider the time period.  The drugs were extremely heavy at this point and let's face it, Keith wasn't there.  However, to make the  statement that The Stones stink live is ignorant.  Have you seen them live  Mr Reed?  Their playing today is crisp and better than it has been in  years.  Maybe you should comment on a band that you like, or go see The  Stones whenver they come by again.  If you are a true fan, get this album.
0060977493|5.0|I must say, this book is unlike any I have ever read. I loved the twists and turns, and the extremely childlike viewpoint which seemed to overshadow everything. I saw myself, my children, and the many silly thoughts that  have rushed through my mind so many times, in her characters. Yes, dark on  occasion and perhaps explicit in upleasant ways, still I believe the genius  of this book centers on the viewpoint of a child... which is often brutally  honest and observant. A beautiful book, and a most imaginative author. It  was truly romantic, sensual, innocent and horrifying all at once - much  like &quot;real life&quot; and as such, it was never boring. I intend to  watch for future works by this talented soul.
0790729725|5.0|What can you say?  DeNiro, Liotta, Pesci..it's a classic movie.  One of the few movies I can watch over and over again.  Sure, the DVD may not be loaded with extras and you have to flip the disc, but who cares?  The story  is what drives this movie and you get so involved you will gladly flip the  disc.  Highly recommended.
B000003BF1|3.0|The track listing as it is on the back of the CD (and on Amazon) is incorrect. The actual track listing is as follows: 1) Gimme Shelter 2) Love In Vain 3) Country Honk 4) Live With Me 5) Let It Bleed 6) Midnight Rambler  7) You Got The Silver 8) Monkey Man 9) You Can't Always Get What You  Want.<br />It's bad enough that Abkco is too lazy to remaster the early Stones  albums (as Virgin has done with the later ones), but they can't even list  the songs in the right order on the CD. That's pathetic. The correct song  order however is listed on the inside liner. <br />As for the album itself,  it's a mixed bag. Several of the songs are great (YCAGWYW, Midnight  Rambler, Let It Bleed, Gimme Shelter, Monkey Man), the rest are mediocre.  I'd give the music four stars if for nothing else than the excellent You  Can't Always Get What You Want, but the CD (especially the packaging)  brings that down to three.
B00000JNJ1|4.0|After several go-rounds with Faces' collections on LP, leave it to Rhino to finally get it right.Fans may quibble with the absence of certain tracks, but then again, kind sirs and madames, you've perhaps already  purchased your absent favorites many times over by now!For a single-disc  compilation by these distinguished gentlemen, &quot;Good Boys&quot; will  serve quite nicely, thank you!
B00000ICN5|5.0|Texas Flood is awesome. SRV's playing is impassioned and spectacular as always. Several of his most well-known songs are here, and they're all great. This is one killer pure guitar album. Gotta knock a point for  originality, though, as I'm Cryin' sounds EXACTLY like Pride And Joy, just  with different lyrics. Still a 5-star album though. Stevie Ray's lyrics are  forgettable, but his guitar-playing is earth-shattering.
0553274503|5.0|Flowers for Algernon was an amazing book about a young man's struggle to become smart like the rest of us.  It taught me alot about companionship and exceptance.  Charlie Gordon a 32-year-old man with learning disabilities undergoes a transformation of marvoulous proportions when an  operation makes him one of the smartest men alive.  Sadly at Charlie's peak  intelligence he realizes the flaw in the experiment and prepares for the  inevitable, he will be dumb again.  This heart renching tale is a great  window into the life of a retarded man and I highly recommend it.
0553274503|4.0|This is generally a good book.  Some people in my class thought this book was sad, but I didn't think so.  The book reads pretty well; the voacab. is pretty basic, nothing really scholarly.  Some of the characters had to be  wrote down so when the test came we could remember.  The book starts off  pretty boring, about just how Charlie wants to learn.  This book was good,  because as a reader we learn what Charlie feels.  Sometimes authors get so  caught up in facts and sources that the real point of the story is often  over looked because the theme is so hidden in the information.  Flowers for  Algernon really gave me a new perpective on the way I view certain topics.
0316779237|4.0|An oustanding and hilarious book describing holiday events. It describes well, normal people and families who shop at the last minute and whos children have holiday plays that bore your brains out. I highly recomend  this book for anyone with the least bit sense of humor. <br />Max
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I had just turned my radio on, and for the first time I heard a good song. No wait, it was a great song. I could tell by the unique vocals of Mr. De La Rocha in the Geurilla Radio single, that the forthcoming cd, &quot;The  Battle of Los Angeles&quot; was going to be huge. <br />The songs on the album  range from the politically charged &quot;Geurilla Radio&quot; to the solemn  story of a murdered sweatshop worker in &quot;Maria&quot;. Overall, the CD  is great. The guitar stylings of Mr. Morello and the bass pickings of YTimK  (or whatever Tim is calling himself these days)give the CD a fresh sound.  The previous albums, Evil Empire and the self-titled Rage Against The  Machine, only guide you to the greatness of this new CD. Go buy it now,  slap it in the discman or what-have-you, and play it. You won't be able to  stop!  Thanks for the time.
B00001PE4D|3.0|I thought that the soundtrack was good and the movie was good, but it pales in comparison to the acting talents of Dangerous Liaisons with John Malkovich, Glenn Close, and Michelle Pfeiffer. If you want to view true  backstabbing and acting to one of its best, you owe it to yourself to see  this, original, version. While, Cruel Intentions is a pretty good, Gen-X  remake, you will see where Ryan Phillipe tries to imitate John Malkovich in  a--sorry guys--quite feeble way. I didn't hate Cruel Intentions, but  Dangerous Liaisons is miles better!
0964385619|5.0|The rich do think differently from you and I. This book gives you insight as to how. The examples include creative thinking outside of the box. As long as you are comfortable you never think of new and different ways to  create wealth for yourself. Why climb the ladder of success when you can  own it. <br />Ray Croc the owner of the McDonald's franchise was mentioned in  the book. Ray Croc's business was not selling hamburgers! The rich do think  differently.<br />It has changed the way I think and really given me insight  and knowledge to think outside the box. Worth every penny. I have shared it  with my friends and family and is a reference to have on your shelf to  refer back to.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Only a few months ago, I was sitting at a friend's house and his brother came over, sporting the brand new Moby album, Play.  Inside the CD player he put it and away we went.  The overall calming, yet sometimes anxious  feeling set in and I was entranced by this beautiful masterpiece Moby  dubbed Play.  The intricate sounds bury you deep in your thoughts and calm  your soul.  To make a long review short, I'd say this album is the  &quot;one&quot; we true fans were searching for.  Would it be wrong to say  that search is over?  *standing ovation for Moby 'round the world*
0061002860|5.0|Interesting that the last four reviews are so polarized. This was the first of many Christie books that I have read and remains my favourite. It is brilliant and leads to an astounding conclusion. Just saw a terrible  A&amp;E adaptation on television tonight. Please read the book instead!
6305171769|5.0|this movie is awesome!  it's a great movie to wathch on OCTOBER thirty first when it's really dark out. i also like Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) and Josh Hartnett Who plays john strode  I REALLY LIKE THE BEGINING  OF THE MOVIE WHEN THE BOY get's the ice skates   jammed in his face  and  the lady gets  her own throat slashed and the police jusst ignored her   screams  and wen strode hAD HER NIGHTMARE IN THE FIRST HALLOWEEN AND WHEN   THE GIRL GOT HER FOOT CAUGHT IN THE ELEVATOR  my favorite part is when he  flips the chairs and tables over 1 by 1
0449227545|4.0|No, this is not one of those in-depth time pieces with well developed characters and methodical, slow but satisfying storyline....this is the other Follet...comic book style...ie. no character developement, blistering  plot line, great ending, which I guarentee you will finish in one  weekend...nothing profound here, he probably wrote it over the weekend too,  but a great read and thoroughly enjoyable..now back to the depressing Oprah  books
6305171769|5.0|this movie is awesome!  it's a great movie to wathch on OCTOBER thirty first when it's really dark out. i also like Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) and Josh Hartnett Who plays john strode  I REALLY LIKE THE BEGINING  OF THE MOVIE WHEN THE BOY get's the ice skates   jammed in his face  and  the lady gets  her own throat slashed and the police jusst ignored her   screams  and wen strode hAD HER NIGHTMARE IN THE FIRST HALLOWEEN AND WHEN   THE GIRL GOT HER FOOT CAUGHT IN THE ELEVATOR  my favorite part is when he  flips the chairs and tables over 1 by 1
B00000DM5P|5.0|For those who are still doubting wether to buy it or not just click on add to shopping basket. I can make sure it will be the best record you could ever listen to. It is a masterpiece!Every single song will move something  inside of you. The way Thom Yorke sings will blow you away. Still doubting?  Well, from now on youll be responsible for missing the best album ever or  listening to it 10,000 times a day. You wont regret. The best one ever.
B00000ADG2|5.0|What can I say, everything she touches turns to gold, from her amazing start with the Fugees to this wonderful solo effort. This has to be the defining hip-hop/R&amp;B/Reggae album of the decade. Lauryn is unparalled  in her ability to transcend the traditional boundaries of musical genres.    Each track offers something new and refreshing. I just cant believe the  number of dimwits there are out there who keep on writing reviews saying  that this album is 'overhyped' or hollow. This album deserves all the  accolades it has managed to garner..and then some. Songs that stand out are  the unbelievably catchy Doo-Wop(that thing), Ex-factor and Lost ones. A  must buy!
B000000H42|4.0|Except for the ridiculous Satanist lyrics, I must admitt the guitar work in this CD is one of the greatest ever recorded! The band is great, Diamong sings well, but it is Hank Shermann and Michael Denner, the two  guitar-axes, who makes all the difference! Stunning riffs, blistering  solos, melody and speed:a record that will have roots in guitar history!
0425170349|4.0|This was a very exciting Tom Clancy Novel.  A great book about counter-terrorism.  It was nice to have a break from Jack Ryan, whom I do love, and focus on Mr. Clark and company.  Its a long book, but it reads  fast.  A good read indeed.
B00000BKDY|3.0|This MAidens lost album. Why? Because it is &quot;lost&quot; between the two master-pieces &quot;Powerslave&quot; and &quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh Son&quot;. As a result, it seems a floppy CD, but it has his great moments,  like &quot;ALexander The Great&quot;.
6304106017|1.0|I won't do a long review, because FDTD doesn't deserve one. I was expecting a funny, violent, action thriller. Well, it was funny in places. Tons of violence, too. But THRILLER? Well, here's a brief summary of the  plot. Two on-the-run bank robbers take a family hostage and order them to  transport them to Mexico. On arrival, the brothers and family wait for  their contact in a sleazy Mexican porn bar. Oh, by the way, the bar's  infested with vampires. Are we given an explanation? Well, NO. Normally  films with an idea as odd as vampires atleast explain themselves. Hell,  even Blade (a far superior action flick with Wesley Snipes) had some plot.  But not Dusk Till Dawn. Cast wise, Harvey Keitel is pretty interesting as  an ex-preacher, George Clooney is good fun as one of the robbers, and  Quentin Tarantino (also director) is pretty lame as his brother. The rest  of the cast are forgettable - and if you watched this waiting for Salma  Hayek, don't bother. She's dead within 10 minutes of her introduction.  Vampires aren't even mentioned for an hour, and the script in general is  poor. Very little happens except a few vampire battles, and very few  characters (none infact) advance anywhere. There's no depth, no  intelligence - just two hours of carnage. I LIKE CARNAGE, but not when it's  as utterly contrived and disgusting as this. Basically, this is an awful  film with a lame cast, few laughs and NO and I mean NO plot. Stick with  Blade.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|One of the greatest conceptual albuns of all times, full of brilliant tunes, great solos, great lyrics. &quot;Infinite Dreams&quot; is my favourite. THis is MAiden at his best, influencing hundreds of bands around  the world and working hard for their success. COngratulations, STEVE !
B00000DFSK|2.0|I'd like to summarize the objections other people have to this compilation, while adding one of my own that (amazingly) no one else has mentioned yet.  First of all, I have no problem with U2 cutting off this  compilation at 1990 like others do; post-Achtung Baby U2 is a remarkably  different band, and those songs would've sounded jarring here.   Furthermore, there simply wouldn't have been enough room to include hits  from Achtung Baby, Zooropa, and Pop along with the early stuff - the later  period work deserves a compilation of its own.    What I completely object  to is the foolishness of the track selection here and the length of the CD.  Of the four songs from Rattle And Hum, only two (\\"Desire,\\" \\"All I Want Is You\\") should have been here (although tastes will differ), while their early career is grossly neglected.  One song from Boy,  possibly their best album?  No songs from October except a hidden track?  (Have they disowned this album?)  Only two from their big breakthrough War?  Meanwhile, let me repeat: FOUR from Rattle And Hum?  Among the MIA tracks (all of which are important milestones, not merely personal favorites) are  \\"Out Of Control,\\" \\"11 O'Clock Tick Tock,\\" \\"Gloria,\\" \\"Two Hearts Beat As One,\\" (an ENORMOUS hit single, no less) and \\"A Sort Of Homecoming.\\"    Unlike everyone else here, I don't mind the \\"edits\\" on this disc; they were the single edits, and that's why they're on this CD.  What truly makes this an obscene ripoff is the fact that it's only 60 MINUTES LONG!  Yes!  They could've put up to 20 more minutes worth here, but simply decided not to.  Why?  All those songs I mentioned above?  They WOULD HAVE FIT!  There is absolutely no excuse whatsoever, in this age of 80 minute CD running times, for not filling this disc out completely.  It's simply infuriating, and it almost makes me wonder if the record company is bilking us intentionally to make sure we still buy the individual albums.      What's more, the sequencing is problematic; if they're going to mix up songs and eras for dramatic effect, fine - I actually prefer that approach to most \\"greatest hits\\" discs because I like the idea of a compilation that's sequenced for flow - but if that was the idea, then why are all the Rattle And Hum tracks bunched together at the end?      In the end, this just wasn't thought out well, which is supremely  disappointing, as it could have been a truly definitive compilation.  As it  is, the music is (mostly) marvelous, but you'll be left feeling strangely  incomplete if you know what was left unsaid.
B000000WCA|1.0|One of the greatest examples of &quot;marketing-pop music&quot; of our century: this is a project, not  a band. This isnt about musicians playing something: it is about machines making industrialized music with one single  puposse: to get rich the fast as they can, then disappear into oblivion,  before people see that they have been fooled.
B000003TA4|5.0|I really like this CD.  &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; is the best song on it.  It has really good drums.  Nothing really compares.
B00000BKE1|3.0|This is the best (or less worse) albun in MAidens Janick Gers age. The tittle track is one of their best of all times. &quot;Afraid To Shoot Strangers &quot; is a classic. But there are horrible tunes, like &quot;THe  APPARITION&quot; and the cheesy &quot;Wasted Love&quot; (it is an horrible  ballad. I like ballads, but this one is just bad written,thats all). In  general it is a forgettable album.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Ok,I have to agree with some people about jenny's vioce. I know that it isn't the best but with a little more practice it would sound great. I think that this cd is the bomb. It has great songs all with various styles  of music. I love jenny's movies and I think she is the best acteress ever.I  bet that in a few years jenny will be known for a true diva if she keeps up  her work in acting and singing.
B00000BKDV|4.0|This is Maidens first album featuring drummer McBrain, who replaced CLive Burr (another bad choice by Steve: McBRain is better technically, but Buur had much more feeling, precision and creativity in the arrangments). THe  songs are great and have a lot of classics, but it has some flaws like  &quot;Sun and Steel&quot;, a horrible song. But &quot;The Trooper&quot; is  a definitive MAiden anthem.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Ok,I have to agree with some people about jenny's vioce. I know that it isn't the best but with a little more practice it would sound great. I think that this cd is the bomb. It has great songs all with various styles  of music. I love jenny's movies and I think she is the best acteress ever.I  bet that in a few years jenny will be known for a true diva if she keeps up  her work in acting and singing.
B00000BKDW|4.0|I love this, even the weak songs &quot;Losfer Words&quot; and &quot;Back in The Village&quot;, but the albun is great. &quot;Aces HIgh&quot; makes my spine shivers until today, more than fifteen years since I first  listened to it. (Im growing old...)But, to say this is the best metal  albun ever is a total absurd.
B00003CX9S|5.0|This movie is a very good movie.  It teaches the lesson that you should not make fun of some1 because of what they look like.  It teaches a good lesson.  The movie would not be good for ages under twelve.  Not becausse  of the content but because they would not understand it.  You should go and  buy this movie because it is a good one.  It taught me a lesson.
B00000BKE0|2.0|Someone said below this CD is a &quot;Must HAve&quot;. H ! THis is the first CD after the magical &quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh Son&quot; and the departure of guitarrist Adrian Smith. The result? Raw music, which is good,  but without any vibration or inspiration. See the work-tittle of the alum  &quot;Holy Smoke&quot;: nothing in it. &quot;MOther Russia&quot; was a  failed attempt to reproduce &quot;To Tame a Land&quot;, &quot;Rime of the  Ancient MAriner&quot; and others Harrisepics.  Not good at all!
B000001GBJ|5.0|I have been an avid Secret Garden fan for a couple years now, and this, by far, is their best album.  I love to give this CD as a gift to my friends, because even if you have a friend who only likes a particular style of  music, I can promise that they will open up and enjoy this CD, because it  can take all of the stresses of your day, and help them ease away.
B00002NDB1|1.0|This band sold more than 60 million copies, because they are good. How can they hire musicians like Janick Gers and Blaze Bayley? Are they deaf? These guys almost arruined MAidens reputation, but now at last theyre back in  the right way, bringing back Dickinson and Smith. THis CD is weak, weak,  weak...
B00000IOSU|5.0|I love live music, because I feel that you get to know the artist a little better, and feel what they are really trying to say.  Sarah McLachlan is, in my opinion, one of the best at this.  Listening to some of the songs,  like &quot;Possessions&quot;, &quot;Angel&quot;, &quot;Good Enough&quot;  and &quot;Sweet Surrender&quot; gave me chills.  <br />If you are a fan of  live music, pick this up, the recording quality is excellent, and the crowd  interaction is great.
0440234743|1.0|This book is hardly recognizable as a novel written by John Grisham.  I was expecting something as outstanding as The Runaway Jury or The Pelican Brief.  What a disappoint from a writer as talented as Grisham. I feel one  star is overly generous.
B000001EPB|5.0|After seeing Lord of the Dance live in Indianapolis, I had to get the sound track the next day.  The haunting, beautiful melodies gave me chills.  My favorite track on this album would have to be &quot;Celtic Dream&quot;  because that was my favorite dancing sequence, and listening to it, gives  me chills.  The bonus tracks at the end are well worth the price, because  it will always remind you of the power of the show.
0064400557|5.0|Charlotte's Web is a wonderful book for children of all ages.  Whether the child is reading it him/herself, or if the book is being read to the child, I believe it will prove to be very enjoyable.  Even at my age and  suprisingly, I had never read the book, I thoroughly enjoyed it.  I would  read it aloud to a child, or recommend it to a child looking for a good  book to read.  The book is a good lesson on friendship, loss, that we have  to work for what we want sometimes, and how things don't always go the way  we want them to.  I would definitely consider reading more books by this  author, seeing how much I enjoyed reading this book.
B000002TLX|5.0|Well waht can i say.Its the best CD of greatest hits i've got to listen.Its got the most harmonical and groovy music you can ask for.I tell you its a must buy Cd.Trust me you won't be dissapointed.After all its  Richard Marx.Well done Richard you've done it once again.I love your music  and always will
B000002H6C|5.0|Compared with its predecessor, Master of Puppets, ...And Justice For All sounds super.  The drums are clearer, and so is Hetfield's voice, growling at what was perhaps the height of his vocalistic rage.<br />This album is a  very angry one.  It cries out-- fittingly-- against injustice, and like  Master and Ride The Lightning before it, it continues on the same basic  theme throughout.  It is one of their darker albums, and it will most  likely hurt mainstream ears, but it is a wonderful compilation of complex  metal songs.  &quot;One&quot; is probably one of their best songs ever.   Among their greatest.
6305603847|5.0|It seems almost a crime to release a DVD without taking advantage of all the technical possibilities. Happily this release is not guilty of such actions. Full of goodies from the original trailier to production sketches  to two documentaries and running commentary it's easy to spend hours not  even watching the movie. Don't forget to do that though, as the clarity of  the picture is astounding. The visual quality of this DVD has me amazed.  Throwing in the extra features is more than the icing on the cake-it's like  a second cake. No DVD collector should be without this one.
B000002HRE|4.0|I wouldn't call Metallica's so-called new sound &quot;maturation&quot; so much as I would call it experimentation.  Re-Load continues the exploration of a different style of music that started on Load.  Re-Load is not quite  as strong as Load, but it's pretty impressive given that it's a compilation  of songs that were left behind when Load was released.  <br />Like I said in  my review of Load, Re-Load is not for the hardcore headbanger.  But this is  a good music, and worth a listen.
B00000ICD9|3.0|Although the majority of this film deals with the death of the main characters, its' true message is one of love and the value of life.  Visually, it is an incredible feast of color and light descending into the  black and dark depths of hell.  I felt it portrayed Dante's Inferno with  vivid terror!  The character's were real and well acted and it is a film I  would reccommend only to those removed from a recent lose of a loved one.   The message in the end is of hope and renewal however the content may be  difficult for someone that has recently experienced death in their lives.
B000002H2H|5.0|When Kill 'Em All was released, Metallica was considered to be a &quot;promising&quot; band.  Promising indeed.  They followed their debut album with this one, and it still endures as one of the best metal albums  ever recorded.<br />Ride The Lightning is a heavy metal concept album.  Most  metal up to this point merely conveyed a destructive, headbanging attitude  of violence.  This album introduced metal sound combined with sophisticated  songwriting.  What resulted was an album of songs about death.  This theme  makes Ride The Lighting one of the eeriest Metallica albums to date.<br />It  shines as one of their best.  Even &quot;The Call Of Ktulu,&quot; an  instumental over eight minutes long, is never boring.  This album also  introduced Metallica's grand, dramatic style that would be their trademark.   No wonder they're still around.
6304779259|5.0|I think that this is one of the best movies ever. The alternate ending was incredible. They need to continue making it so that people can buy it.
B00000FCBC|5.0|This album is great fun to listen to, in part because it sounds like Metallica had fun recording it.  The name fits; all the songs sound like they were performed in one take, in all the nonchalance of a real garage  band.  Metallica plays these songs better than the original bands;  &quot;Turn The Page,&quot; is particularly impressive seeing as it was a  simple acoustic song when it was first released by Bob Seger.  Many of the  bands are obscure, but Metallica revives these songs and pumps fresh life  into them, infusing them with their attitude and dramatic flair.  Great  compilation of songs, and proof that these guys still have what it takes to  jam.
6302720419|4.0|This  was Stephen King's classic thriller. Filled with suspense and terror. You can't miss it. A  horror classic. The best character of all in it, is Isaac. You better buy this movie.
B000002H97|5.0|Listen to ...And Justice For All, then listen to this album.  The difference in sound quality is not only noticeable, it's astounding.  The Black Album sounds great, thanks to greatly improved production, and it's a  good thing, because there is plenty of great music here that deserves to  sound great.<br />This is when Metallica started using multi-layering  techniques to give themselves a much more textured, &quot;fuller&quot;  sound.  The result is an album that can be played in the car and still  sounds like it's being performed live.  Hetfield's voice has never been in  better shape, even showing a bit of versatility on &quot;Nothing Else  Matters.&quot;  This is when Hetfield started to break away from his  trademark growl and evolve into a polished vocalist.<br />This album catches  Metallica in the middle of a transition.  Their music before this was  thrash metal.  Their music after this was hard rock.  The Black Album lies  directly in the middle of Metallica's evolution in sound; this is still  metal, but it's no longer thrash.  Some wonder who the real Metallica are,  the headbangers who ripped up the eighties or the hard-rockers who have  grooved through the nineties.  This album is probably the best  representation of what the band really is, and it's fitting that it's  self-titled.<br />Metallica is a rock band that plays metal.  This may not be  their best album-- not quite-- but it certainly is their defining one.
B000002LEE|4.0|In 1988 when it came out, this album was totally original, and it still is. there are not many bands out there who can mix different sounds together while sounding good and saying a lot at the same time. Even if you  don't like it, you've gotta apprectiate it for what it's worth and how it  changed the music scene...
B000002HMH|4.0|Personally, I think one of the reasons this album got such a bad rap is because Metallica cut their hair.  All those thrash-metal, Master Of Puppets fanatics should wake up and realize that the band is about music,  not the length of their hair, and that every great band experiments.   Metallica experimented with a new sound on this album, and that's  fine.<br />If you have to, store the CD case in a room where you can't see it  so you don't have to stare at the band's hair and their pimp outfits.  Then  just listen to the music.  No, it's not the same stuff the band has always  played, and no, a lot of it is not really metal.  But this is good music,  and that's what counts.  Personally, I think it's refreshing that Metallica  is experimenting with new sound.  I can listen to my collection and always  get something different with each album.<br />Head-banging hardcore metal  fans, take a breather and give this album another listen.  It deserves it.
078401020X|1.0|Poor Kirk Douglas ! His son Michael f## up any movie he plays in... And Sharon Stone is said to have the highest I.Q. in Hollywood. That is NOT proven at all by being in this lousy movie.<br />May I remind you that  Hollywood does not exist only since the 90s but back to the 40s 50s and 60s  there are hundreds of MASTERPIECES you haven't even heard of -watch them  and get smart instead of losing your time with violent artless movies
B000002H33|5.0|What can I say about this album that hasn't already been said?<br />This is a masterpiece.  Every song resonates with an eeriness and aggressiveness that's addicting, and their flair for the dramatic has never been  implemented better and to as much of a degree as on Master of  Puppets.<br />Some hold this album in reverence because is is the last  recorded with bassist Cliff Burton.  Personally, I don't think it makes a  difference who their bass player is, Cliff or Jason Newsted.  Just enjoy  the lightning fast guitar riffs, constant chord changes, and violent splash  of cymbals.<br />Oh, and this is not just a thrash album.  Metallica is a very  musical band.
B00000J7S8|5.0|We first saw Diana Krall on PBS doing the Newport Jazz Festival. She was hypnotic. When we were surfing for some romantic music for Valentines we checked out a few snips of her songs on the Amazon site. Unfortunately,  those bites did not encourage us to buy this album. Later, we picked up the  album by default ( we were still waiting for our Amazon order). Well, we  can't tell you how fortuitous that impulse buy was. This is an excellent  album that sinks deeper into your psyche every time you hear it. Hypnotic  is an accurate account. Soothing, romantic and hypnotic.
6305603847|5.0|A few years back, a limitted edition of &quot;The Wall&quot; appeared on laserdisc with secondary audio commentary from director Alan Parker.  This time around it's the largely silent since his departure from Pink Floyd  Roger Waters' turn. In case you didn't notice, he and the remaining band  don't get along very well anymore.<br />One thing about this disc, with as  much storage capacity as a DVD provides, it's not nearly enough for Waters'  ego.  You may not agree with his claim that &quot;I am Pink Floyd,&quot;  but there's no denying that on this movie, he was.  The other band members  had absolutely no say in the creative, artistic and editorial content of  this film.  <br />As a film that's been disected and analyzed in many a film  class and college psychology course, it's worthwhile to finally have  commentary from the mouth of the film's driving creative force.  If you're  as big a fan of the film as myself, it's worthwhile to find the laserdisc  and hear Alan Parker's commentary as well.  Whether or not you're in the  Waters camp in the Pink Floyd blow up or not, his is the opinion on this  film that really matters.<br />From a digital transfer standpoint, this is a  gorgeous release, even cleaner than the laserdisc version.  The audio has a  few troubles though.  This film was released in the old Dolby format.  As a  result, there are moments when the new dolby digital audio pushes the  limitations of the source audio.  (I.E. you can't really create a true 5.1  audio track from a film that never had it to begin with.)<br />This film  remains a masterpiece and a source of inspiration for many a director.  One  moment that springs to mind is the opening shot closeup of the fully burnt  cigarette in Pink's hand.  This exact shot turns up ten + years later in  the opening of &quot;Aliens.&quot;  While largely dismissed by critics on  it's release, this film has withstood apathy and is now largely regarded  with the respect deserved. Critics may not have appreciated this film but,  from the number of times it's cinematography gets aped in film since,  obviously a lot of young directors did.<br />Other Alan Parker films that are  worth checking out, &quot;The Commitments,&quot; &quot;Mississippi  Burning,&quot; &quot;Angel Heart,&quot; &quot;Midnight Express.&quot;  He  also did &quot;Fame&quot; and &quot;Evita&quot; if musical films are your  thing.
0767840968|4.0|The story for this movie was excellent, and the ending was amazing.  Its neat to see how one little paranoid teacher exposes this whole conspiracy and how Tim Robbins character uses it to his advantage.
630441403X|5.0|cage had to be drunk while filming, his acting was just too good to be just acting. watching ben brings back many memories.
6305750750|5.0|I FOR ONE AM VERY PLEASE WITH EP.I.  I GOT TO GO SEE IT WITH A FRIEND WHO GAVE ME AN OPENING DAY TICKET, GOT THE BEST SEAT IN THE THEATRE, AND ENJOYED EVERY SECOND OF THE MOVIE!  IF YOU'RE A REAL STAR WARS FAN, YOU'LL  REALIZE THAT LUCAS WAS JUST SETTING THE STAGE FOR WHAT WE KNOW AS THE  GREATEST TRILOGY OF ALL TIME.  WE GET TO SEE HOW EVERYTHING STARTED, &amp;  GET BETTER IDEAS OF HOW IT'S GOING TO BE FOR THE NEXT 2 FILMS.  JUST HOPE  THERE ARE MORE JEDI BATTLES IN THE FILMS TO COME.
6302968135|5.0|this movie was so addicting, me and my friends had the vatos locos accent going on for 2 weeks! it had a lot of comedy and one liners.
6300271145|5.0|This is one of those masterpieces that is not for everyone. It's not for any given night, either, even for those who regularly enjoy masterpieces. Speed-of-MTV Hollywood addicts will have difficulty relating to or enjoying  the sublimely atmospheric pacing of a film like this, just as, on a musical  level, Kenny G fans aren't going to get it either. Conventional narrative  and plot are subsumed in the heartbreaking bop ballads that literally  saturate the film with its energy and emotion. Are the &quot;actors&quot;  acting? Not when they play their instruments. Few films efface the distance  between actor and nonactor as well as this. Has Dale come to Paris to die,  or to live a little longer? Perhaps even he cannot answer that question,  but the music he creates there stands as his own epitaph. It is the bluest  film that's ever been made.
6302787564|5.0|you forgot brief case! you forgot your brief case! this movie makes me wanna go on a rampage sometimes.
0380796090|3.0|I picked this one up because it was recommended for those who enjoyed Bridget Jones's Diary and High Fidelity, among others.  I was disappointed, although not completely put-off by the book. It's pretty fun to read (most  of it), but at times, the writing style is annoying in the manner that the  narrator babbles (i.e., too verbose).  It would have read better with some  more editing in the narrative which tends to drag on at times.
B00000F1D3|5.0|What can I say? Cher rules.  Her voice is awesome, I really like it, Believe is one of my favorite cd's It is excellent, I like ALL the songs in it, Believe is an excellent song I love it, this cd is really great, it's a  must have =) you'll like it, believe me.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I received &quot;THE SCREEN BEHIND THE MIRROR&quot; today and have listened to it twice already!  It takes you back to the 'old Enigma' sound... EXCELLENT, and recommended to Enigma fans and listeners!
0517591812|3.0|Somewhat interesting. It brought those famous names and events into a more personal, human perspective. I found the constant reference to genetic characteristics tiresome though, and a third of the way through the book, I  quit trying to figure out who was descended from whom. Too hard trying to  keep everyone straight, and it didn't really matter that much. I read this  book in conjunction with Sheppard's book about London, and whereas that one  was rather dry, this book was just the opposite. Reading them together gave  me a good all-around picture of London.
0783227272|2.0|Slavery is bad. That is the simple message of Spielberg's Amistad, which in its simplicity rises to the complexity of a 2nd grade history book. What a &quot;Genius&quot; like Spielberg clearly fails to understand is, if your  going to try to educate an audience, you have to involve them first.  Perhaps a real story, on a more intimate scale, with real human beings not  &quot;symbolic figures&quot; would have been far more engrossing. Alas,  Spielberg is way to important for that now, he has to &quot;BIG&quot; films  dealing with &quot;BIG&quot; issues and in the process he misses the mark  completely, becuase we are watching a lavishly produced, beautifully shot  2nd grade history lesson. Like the slightly better Saving Private Ryan,  Spielberg is to busy making grandiose statements to care about real  characters. Again John Williams cheesy(for a lack of a more accurate word)  is intrusive and full of self importance. I am really glad Mr.Spielberg is  going to do a Sci-Fi film next where he'll get to do some real film-making  and not hide behind big issues. Note: For a much better look at the  African-American fight for freedom, check out Ed Zwick's great Glory. Now  there's a film.
6303369170|4.0|Bizarre, mythical, enrapturing, just plain odd....These all begin to describe the film &quot;Arizona Dream&quot;, a multilayered work of art....At times you think that you yourself have been sucked into Axel's  brain and are dreaming his life from another perspective, yet it is only  his story. Johnny Depp works magic --again-- as the young, confused man who  is suckered into going to Arizona and becoming a car salesman, which he has  no desire for--he previously worked as a fishseller and catcher in NYC, and  would &quot;look into the fishes' eyes and read their thoughts&quot;, which  is a far cry from bullheading someone into buying another piece of trash!   Yet he does not stay a car salesman for long. He falls in with an older  woman and her daughter, who cannot live together because they are too  similar--but who do, and fight every minute of the way. The daughter is  slightly odd; wanting to die and return as a turtle, as well as playing an  accordion full blast at just the exact wrong times....The mother is a  rather insecure woman who dreams of building a flying machine so she will  be able to soar. Axel begins an affair with the mother, which is quite  playful and freeing for both--one very funny scene is Johnny Depp wearing a  huge crinoline around his neck, being quite wild indeed with Faye Dunaway.  Eventually, the uncle comes and demands that Axel returns, which he  refuses, and when the uncle tries to take him by force, out comes Faye with  a long, double--barreled shotgun, which she is not afraid to use. The  cousin is really quite annoying, however, at one point he is being chased  by Faye's plane [which she got for her birthday] in a quasi--remake of the  famous North by Northwest chase, which was previously cited so that you  know what is going on. Eventually, the uncle dies, and Axel eventually  returns to the house of the women, where his mistress is mad that he spent  time with the corpse. But all is reconciled, by sex it would seem. The end  isstrange, actually the whole thing is, but the end is somewhat  devastating, as well as having a sense of disbelief at itself--did we  really DO that?   However, this film is a gem, and there are so many  psychological aspects incorporated that it is easy to see why this one went  to Cannes. I highly recommend it, even if I only gave it 4 stars. That,  incidentally, was mainly because I felt there was not enough done with both  Axel's relationship with the daughter, and with his  &quot;movie--Eskimo--dream....&quot; which fits exactly with the film, down  to the enveloping of the woman for love....You'll see. And enjoy.
6302886228|5.0|What an amazing tribute to Brother Bob! I love what happens when Sinead O'Connor takes the stage...She had just enraged New Yorkers a week before on Saturday Night Live. This video is a MUST-HAVE for all music fans.
B000002LEE|5.0|I was 23 years old going no where fast in my musical food chain when a friend FORCED me to listen to some unknown group (to me) called Jan's Addiction.  (I think I'd just bought the new Eric Clapton CD at that time,  so you have an idea of where I stood musically).<br />Perry's voice was  immediately grating but not intolerable to me (I learned to absolutely  cherish it).  The music took me to another planet.  I can't even imagine  how many times we played TED JUST ADMIT IT or SUMMER TIME ROLLS. Always  loud.....<br />The whole &quot;alternative&quot; rock scene ignited from these  guys, Nirvana just added the gasoline.  I feel sorry for those who don't  understand the power and importance of this recording.  You are really  missing out on something special.
0345403959|5.0|The book Belgarath the Sorceror is a very enchanting book. If you like a book that has adventure, lore, theivery and magic then you would like any book written by David Eddings. I have read many of his books but this one  is by far the greatest. It talks of the universe's destiny and how this one  man and his family( Polgara, the twins and Polara)  can keep an entire  world in order. This book talks of  magic, sailing, fighting and my  favorite, thievery. There are many fun characters and many gruesome  battles. There are also some sad parts but overall it's still magnificient.
B00003000M|5.0|I have been reading some of the reviews.  Others call it a disgrace and a weak representation of Bob.  These people need to lighten up and consider the contribution that this cd is making to the general consciousness of  today's people.  I was talking to a 13 year old kid.  I was playing  &quot;Talkin' Blues&quot; by Bob.  He asked me with great enthusiasm on who  the artist was.  And when I told him, he said he never heard about Bob  Marley.  This saddened me greatly.  I myself have been listening to Marley  since I was 12.  I realized that if there was this one teenager in my face  who never heard Bob's music, then there are probably millions of kids who  are disillusioned in the sounds of the Backstreet Boys, N'Sync, Puff Daddy,  DMX, and the many other &quot;artists&quot; of the sad trend of popular  music that the industry is thriving off of today.  Many of today's youths  are missing out on some great sounds in the history of music.  Chant Down  Babylon is a modernized sound of Mr. Marley, opening his channels to those  who are interested in many artists of today.  Stephen Marley has  beautifully constructed a &quot;different&quot; sound.  Although it is not  as glorious as Bob Marley's own records, it is still a beautiful work of  art, blending the words of a prophet with the artists of today who may or  not be prophetic themselves.  If you don't own any Marley, start off with  legend and if you have the money GET SONGS OF FREEDOM.  And for those who  are Marley fanatics already, this is a different blend of Bob Marley that  is definitely worth your listen.
0380973464|5.0|Wow, I never thought cryptography could be described in a way that would make it fascinating. This is an incredibly entertaining book that I had a hard time putting down. I particularly enjoyed the WWII scenes and the part  that cryptography played in winning (and losing for the Axis powers) the  war. It was nice to see us techno geeks given their due. :) <br />One caveat  though. You had better have a keen interest in computer / crypto technology  because it is pervasive through out the book. Right down to the appendix  that describes how to use a deck of cards to create a crypto system. This  isn't the book to buy if you are interested in tender love scenes or long,  drawn out, intensely meaningful dialog.
6305127638|5.0|If you love star trek this is a must have. Great visual efects, funny, and gives you somthing to think about. You will know where your money went and You will not regret this buy. Two big thumbs up!
B00003XB8K|5.0|I loved the first Enigma cd, but the two follow-ups left me cold. The Screen Behind The Mirror is indeed an incredible return to form. From the moment the cd begins with that familiar &quot;Voice of Enigma&quot; music,  it is enchanting. Ruth Ann from Olive is an exciting addition and provides  the cd with two of its best songs, &quot;Gravity of Love&quot; and  &quot;Silence Must Be Heard.&quot; If you've never heard her from Olive's  &quot;Extra Virgin&quot; album, get that one too. You'll be wanting to hear  more of her. My other fave tracks (at the moment) are &quot;Push the  Limits&quot; and the title track. Unlike some of the other reviews, I enjoy  the fact that Cretu returns to some of his themes from the past albums. And  although this cd is a bit shorter than the other three, it still packs an  emotional wallop. Good job all around, Mr. Cretu.
0140042520|5.0|everyone with an open mind should read this book.  this was the first kerouac book i ever read, and it spoke to me, told me that i needed to simplify my life--get back to the books, the writing, etc. etc.  most  importantly, it taught me that all is nothing, which has delivered me.  if  you've never read kerouac, i strongly suggest you start with this.
6305750750|5.0|This movie is simply the best movie since &quot;Jedi&quot;it was a great sequel and well worth the wait,I saw it 7 times and loved it every time,it had great special effects and the story was just as good (not as good as  Episode IV,but hey,no film ever could be)but it was good nevertheless.And  to all those people who thought Jar Jar was a racial stereotype, you had  serious racial problems when you went to see it and you should get  help,NOW!
0800103661|5.0|This film portrays the struggle of a young man, condemned by his parent's wish that he be born naturally with his own imperfect DNA, to achieve the dream to be an astronaut at the GATTACA [the title formed by putting  together the four letters of the genetic code - A C T G] Space Centre - a  dream that is placed beyond his reach by the predjudice of a society that  seeks nothing but the safe bet of genetic potential and ignores hard work  and unaided achievement.<br />I agree with another reviewer of this film - I  think this is future science-fact... you can make genetic manipulation as  illegal as you like, but  those with a genetic advantage at birth will  always have an advantage in life, and once one country begins to use the  ability to create super-humans (and it'll happen somewhere eventually), the  rest of the world must inevitably follow if only to compete, or condemn its  people to being inferior and seeing them left behind.<br />GATTACA is set in  such a world, a world where others get to choose your life, your talents  and your fate!
B000005RFQ|5.0|Finally rescued from its original mud-laden production, the incredible song-writing and basic hellacious brilliance of Black Sabbath Mk III (otherwise known as Deep Sabbath, Black Purple, or The Real Spinal Tap) is  revealed for all to enjoy. The Gillan-fronted Sabbath was way better both  on this sole album and on tour than anyone expected, or frankly, admitted.  Possibly the greatest metal album with a major band name on the front to go  directly into bargain-bin obscurity. Rescue it! Buy the remastered CD! It  rocks (and notice Guns n Roses stole the riff from Zero the Hero for  Paradise City four years later).
B000001Y79|5.0|I own this c.d and I think it is very good it has lot's of good songs on it. No doubt is an excellent band I think that whoever's reading this should buy the c.d you will not be dissapointed.  I think that they should  put out more c.d's like this one :-)
6300268470|5.0|As the 1950's rode into the sunset Rio Bravo was the best way to close it out. Howard Hawks  did an outstanding job telling this story. John Wayne along with Dean Martin and Ricky Nelson gave solid performances. One of the  all time great western's. Should have made AFI's top 100 films. Grade:A-
0380789019|5.0|Alice meets the Wizard of Oz - and you'll never want to leave the underground.<br />This was an amazing book! Living in NYC it made me really think about those random &quot;dead ends&quot; and the gap between the  subway and the platform. (an idea that I am sure JK Rowling got from  Neil...)<br />I really wanted to visit the London Underground (and I don't  mean the subway) after reading this delightful and absorbing novel. The  characters were well written and memorable.<br />This was one of the best  books I have read in ages. I could not put it down and began to re-read it  the moment I finished! Neil Gaiman not only has a fantastic imagination, he  also has a great sense of humor and we are just so lucky that he has  decided to share them and his amazing talent with us. I can't wait to read  Stardust!<br />If you read one book this year - read this one. A magical,  mysterious romp in a world you can only hope really exists. My next  vacation is going to be to London Underground. <br />Pick this book up and I  promise you will not want to put it down.
6304196938|5.0|Cary Garnt's last teaming with Alfred Hitchcock is one of his most intelligent and suspensful films. Successful buisiness-man and mamma's boy grant is kidnapped, being mistaken for a non-exsistant man. Forcefully  intoxicated, he is meant to drive off a cliff, but manages to escape.  Suspense and love ensue. Where else does the suspense start after 4  minutes?
0380977273|5.0|There's something about the way Bradbury writes, as if you are reading synapses and neurons.  He puts you right in his head and it is a wonderful place.  With this book I became a fan of Bradbury's work.  Apparently  originally meant to be a short story entitled Dark Carnival Bradbury turned  this into one of the scariest novels ever written.  I'm not kidding folks.  Under the guise of a children's tale is a story of a circus of bad  intentions, a seller of lightning rods, an evil merry-go-round, and the  terror of being a teenager.  Highly original and entertaining.  If you are  a fan of horror fiction or just plain old good story telling pick this book  up and enjoy.
0345363132|5.0|About a hundred pages into this book, I found myself rather liking the young Richard.  I wondered, &quot;How in the heck can this be the same boy who will grow up to murder his own nephews?&quot;  Penman seemed to be  tackling a very difficult dilemma:  how to make a sympathetic character out  of so dastardly a villain.  Well, she certainly pulled it off!  By the end  of the book, and after reading the author's notes, I was seeing  King  Richard's history in a different light.  I am learning more and more about  how a historian's biases and motives can color their commentary.  Could it  be that Richard III is, at least partially, the victim of bad press?   Penman's novel has made me realize that  historical events may be examined  from many different angles.
B000021XS0|5.0|The only flaw this album suffers from is the embarrassing way the band treated Metropolis Pt. 1 and butchered it by making some reoccurring characters normal people, like how they took the Miracle and the Sleeper  and turned them into fighting brothers (one is a senator!) and this really  isn't a powerful &quot;statement&quot; but it's a lot of fun, and the music  is the best they've made in, well, 15 years! It's amazong how well-crafted  and intriguing the story line is, and John Petrucci, James LaBrie, and  especially Jordan Rudess all give great performances. This might even  surpass Images and Words, which would be incredible because very few  artists of the 90's have made an album that is better than their  long-standing masterpiece. Let's hope they relese their sixth studio album  soon!<br />PS: Bravo to the reviewer who suggested Atom Egoyan direct the SFAM  movie if their is one, but I think Alan Parker might do a little bit better  with it, as the album is more Images than Words.
0151001820|5.0|This book is not only about books and history. It is involved in the many facets of the &quot;Verbum dismissum&quot;, the ability to summon the devil. Full of history content and mistery, the book is a page turner by  its ability to insert the reader into the world of religion and misticism.  Perez-Reverte has certainly done its homework to show the links between  Alexandre Dumas and the Kingdom of the Shadows. <br />The hero, Lucas Corso,  is a book dealer specialized in rare old books. Following a series of  murders around the &quot;Three Musketeers&quot; and &quot;The Nine Doors to  the Kingdom of Shadows&quot; he discovers the deepest secrets that unveils  the darkest power to a human being. The reader is taken throughout the book  in a pilgrimage to the key behing the misterious nine engravings.
B000002JPA|5.0|Even those choice words aren't sophisticated enough for this marvelous--no, spectacular--album. It takes a long while to soak in, but it's worth it. With smart lyrics, complex musical arrangements, and  excellent performances, I am surprised this album didn't gain the band  worldwide recognition.
630529142X|1.0|Se pueden seguir haciendo pelculas, que no tengan  valor alguno para nosotros los expectadores?. Aparentemente The Waterboy es un buen ejemplo de que si. Una pelicula aburrida donde el tpico &quot;nerd&quot; del  colegio termina siendo el hroe de un pueblo sureo, solamente por el hecho  de jugar Football. Adam Sandler no sorprende, una vez mas, en un rol sin  gracia al estilo Jim Carrey en The Cable Guy. Lo rescatable es, sin ninguna  duda, la madre de este jugador improvisado interpretada por la genial Kathy  Bates, que maneja maravillosamente el rol de una mujer surea excntrica y   disparatada. Consejo: Dejar que las aguas sigan su curso natural.
6302769051|5.0|Those who say that this movie is slow, dark, depressing etc., are absolutely right.  But that's exactly why the movie is brilliant.  In many ways its a very late sequel or wrap up to all of Eastwood's Western heroes  over the years.  Its the tale of 4 old gunfighters who have taken different  paths, worn down by the killing, with Eastwood playing a character that  could be Josie Wales 20 years later.  Its grim and morally ambiguous, but  there's tremendous depth to the characters, and the performances are  brilliant.  Its hard to see Clint doing another Western after this one--its  the perfect wrap up to his Western career, and to all of those stoic,  seemingly invincible gunfighters he's played over the years.
B00000IHHN|5.0|This musical is brilliant. I cannot fault the lyrics, music or performance by the singers. Each singer brings his own interpretation of Victor Hugo's characters to the performance and Garou is especially brilliant as  Quasimodo. Here is a young man who will go far. His voice is packed with  emotional passion and each song he sings evokes a response and even those  who cannot understand the language will find themselves responding to the  tone of his voice alone. The music is dramatic and entrancing and Plamondon  has produced a winner. I envision that the English version will open up the  musical to the world and I heartily endorse this CD to anyone who enjoys  passionate music.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|John Williams is by far the greatest theatrical composer to walk the face of the Earth, and this CD should prove this beyond anyone's doubt.  This CD covers a wide range of themes that John composed over the last 30 years and  allows the listener to experience the majesty of his work. Until I find a  box set that contains every score and every piece of music ever composed by  John, I will wear these CD's out from the constant playing of this powerful  music.
0515127485|5.0|I have enjoyed Harris's previous books (esp Fatherland) but I think this is the best yet.  The plot is both exciting and psychologically interesting.  And contrary to what previous readers have stated, I think  this is a rare suspense novel that keeps the quality of the plot line up  until the final page.  Harris is also a gifted writer and has done a lot of  thinking and research to come up with this plotline.  I emphatically  recommend it, esp. to readers with an interest in Russia.
B000021XS0|5.0|In what is to many the best work of Dream Theater to date, Metropolis Part 2: Scenes From A Memory is an intricate blend of unison and harmonic shredding, power ballads of the best quality, and a very powerful overall  theme that any rock fan should hear.  THIS CD IS UNBELIEVABLE!  And you  don't have to know the story to love it, the music alone makes it a  must-have.  Visit their website for more info!
0440234743|2.0|At time of writing, I'm the 610th reviewer of this book. SO , I wont be long in judging it. First 100 pages: 5 Stars, brilliant desciption of most members of the Phelan clan Cue to Brazil: 1 star, A sub tropical yawnathon  Climax: 2 stars, so predictable<br />Will I read ever read Grisham again ? HE  is human after all...THis book shows it..he is entitled to mistakes
6305627371|1.0|This is a R-rated movie?Yea right!This sure seems like an x-rated movie!The languege is so awful!Those four foul mouthed boys should be given a bath!They say the F-word about  100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,0oo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo  times in it!It sould not be viewed by anyone!I would have voted no  stars,but no!Ii had to vote 1!
B000003S09|3.0|If King Crimson just layed off the experimentation of various sounds and stuck to talent, they would be incredible.  &quot;21st Century Schizoid Man&quot; was destroyed by the screeching, psychedelic sounds that  interrupt the flow of music.  &quot;Moonchild&quot; was a great example of  their potential.  With a focus on the lyrics instead of showing off, the  soothing sounds were enjoyable.   &quot;In the Court of the Crimson  King&quot; was a well orchestrated song creating a full, rich sound of  warmth.  Robert Fripp's talent pulled the music together but the band's  collaboration made it what it was.  As long as you skip through the first  song and some of the variuos experimentations with sound, this is an  enjoyable album.  No one will be breaking down any doors to get it but it's  good music that you could enjoy.
B00000ADG2|2.0|in this album i just like 3 or 4 songs so i just saying that this album don't worth anything
0684847817|5.0|I have never seen a book like this before.   I was inspired by the pictures, educated by the captions, and moved by the overall set up of the book.  One side you have all the good faries, bright and shiny and  inspiring, with a little bit of humor.  And on the flip side you have all  the little trouble makers, and know you finally have a name for them.  I  loved this book, and made me buy more by Brian Froud.
B000002H97|1.0|The hype and hoohaa surrounding this album does not even come close to justifying the actual musical credibility of this album. Metallica's previous works were good (although overated aswell) but this album and all  the hype surrounding it is responsible for the musical spiral in which this  band will never climb out of.<br />The logical conclusion is that rather than  this being a natural evolution for the band, which this is clearly not,  this album was written as a mass marketing tool, a sellout album. A natural  progression would have this end up sounding similar to Meshuggah's  Contradictions Collapse and None, a truely underated album by a band that  plays real music, rather then metallica, an album equated to an advertising  billboard appealing to the &quot;cool&quot; generation rather then on music  and people who listen to the music.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I am an avid collector of all types of music and I have been reading amazon.com's music reviews for several years. For the first time, I have heard a CD that has compelled me to enter the review section and share my enthusiasm. I have been a Diana Krall fan for a couple of years and her earlier cuts are well done. But this CD will provide a very special sound from a fantastic singer. <br />Diana has a voice that one does not get tired of. On this CD, every track is exceptional. If your heart and throat do not tighten up when you hear (1)Let's Face The Music and Dance, (2) Let's Fall In Love, (3)I've Got You Under My Skin, and especially (4)Why Should I Care....then you have adopted the feelings of Mr.Spock.<br />Trust the vast majority of the reviews you see here. They are OVERWHELMINGLY positive if not downright ecstatic about the music. The jazz &quot;purists&quot; who may feel she has sold out to the popular genre, in my opinion, need to allow an artist the opportunity to expand their horizons. Let's not try to &quot;pigeon-hole&quot; all artists and ask them to only produce one style of music. Diana is a great jazz pianist and jazz singer and she is equally a tremendous singer and pianist that can perform other styles of music and appeal to other types of music lovers. <br />Do NOT deprive yourself of this awesome music by this gifted artist. Get the CD, listen, enjoy, and thank me later. In advance.....You're welcome.
1556154844|4.0|This is a very good book over-all, but the statistics and theory can get tedious after awhile. It is nice to see the statistics to confirm points made in the book, but there are a LOT of them. My biggest complaint is the  cursory coverage (I'm being generous here) of Visual Basic. Many languages  are used in the examples, but Visual Basic hardly gets any coverage. As a  VB programmer, I feel somewhat slighted and I found that the book  &quot;Practical Standards for Microsoft Visual Basic&quot; (also from  Microsoft), covers many of the topics in Code Complete from a Visual Basic  programmer's perspective, and that made it more immediately usable than  this book for me.<br />All things considered, this is a classic and you should  have it if you are a professional programmer.<br />b
0790729687|5.0|Interview with the vampire is by far one of the most amazing movies that I have ever seen. Brad Pitt's portrayal of Louis de Pointe du Lac was genious. Brad Pitt is an amazing actor. Tom Cruise's Lestat de Lioncourt  was equaly astounding. If you have a love of vampires or even a love of  horror movies this one will instantly become one of your favorites.
0783222955|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird<br /> To Kill a Mockingbird, starring Gregory Peck, Mary Badham, Phillip Alford, Brock Peters, Robert Duvall, and James Anderson, and directed by Robert Mulligan, is a pretty faithful adaptation of the Pulitzer Prize-winning novel by Harper Lee, a relative of Robert E. Lee.  It is the story of a wise and kind man, Atticus Finch (Peck) raising  a 10-year-old boy, Jem (Alford) and a 6-year-old girl, Scout (Badham) in a  small Alabama town in 1932, during the Great Depression with their friend  Dill Harris, played by John Megna.  Atticus, a lawyer, defends a black man  named Tom Robinson (Peters), accused of raping a white woman, just  as he defends his children from racism as personified by Bob Ewell  (Anderson) and from fear of the unknown, as personified by their mysterious  neighbor, Boo Radley (Duvall)  I think To Kill a Mockingbird is a great film.  It also  helps me learn what it was like back in the Great Depression.  The theme is  walking in somebody else's shoes, a figure of speech asking for tolerance.   Part of the reason I liked it was because it centered on kids.  The kids  may  have just been spectators in the balcony and victims in the woods, but  I think their body language helped show their feelings.  They looked  unhappy and tired in the balcony and scared in the woods.    I think  the acting was excellent.  The children often seemed natural to me.  I am  glad Gregory Peck earned an Academy Award, as Robert Duvall would in the  future.  I  liked and admired Atticus, especially during his closing  argument.  Boo Radley looked just like I imagined.  James Anderson was good  as a bigot, but I think his role could have been made more subtle.  Brock  Peters impressed me with his emotional acting, but I think his role, too,  could have been written to be more complex.  It's like in a way he was too  perfect.
0800129806|3.0|One more King Arthur movie and the story has been pretty much milked dry. First Knight makes do with the remains and it shows. Forget about the myths, the sorcery and anything else that has anything to do with the round  table. Instead First Knight centres it's attention on the  triangle-relationship Arthur, Lancelot and Guinevere, or rather Connery,  Gere and Ormond. As long as you take the movie at face-value it could be  worse. It looks spectacular. (especially the battle scenes and entrances  and exits from castles, showing the costumes off to great effect) The three  leads play there part well, particularly Connery, who makes and older man's  love for a much younger woman quite believable and the long-range landscape  shots are a sight to behold. But there it ends. The plot is as thin as it  comes, just a one-hundred minute excuse to let Gere replace Connery. Even  worse, there is no real enemy! Ben Cross, as the blackhearted Mallagant  (What happened to Mordred?) tries to make the most of his role, but he has  nothing to work with. He has no character, no motives, no real purpose, he  is just evil. An other annoyance can be found in the sword play. I have  become used to seeing a fencing scenes speeded up, but this is really too  much. The final battle between Lancelot and Mallagant has been accelerated  so much, that it lookes like a cheap manga, with puppets making short,  stilted movements. I understand, that this is supposed to make Richard Gere  look like a real swordslinger, but it only makes him look like a show-off.  If you want medieval action, better stick with movies like Ladyhawke, or  Kevin Costner's Robin Hood. If You are interested in Arthur's Camelot,  watch Excalibur.
B00003IPFK|5.0|This movie is one of my all time favorites!  The authenticity of this film makes it a memorable one for me!  I grew up in South Texas....the scenery, attitudes, and acting are the real deal!  Buy it and enjoy it.
0790739356|4.0|This is quite a good Science-Fiction warfare story. The only thing that is lacking is the cast. Kurt Russel does a good job as an emotionally retarded professionel soldier who discovers that he can feel something after all and  Garey Busey amakes a fine officer with a total lack of perception, but the  band of Galactic refugees that becomes the target of a groop experimental,  genetically enhanced warriors is pityful at best. In the end I sort of  wished that the soldiers had managed to wipe them out. It wouldn't have  been a great loss. Still this is a fast-paced, action-packed movie with  great special effects. Relatively short by today's standards it prefents  the sense of Deja vu, that movies like True Lies and Speed gave me, when  the last fifteen minutes where not much more then a repeat performance of  the rest of the movie. Soldier has a nicely balanced plot, that ends when  there is nothing more to say. What I liked especially is that Russel never  makes a moral judgement. In most stories a reformed killer suddenly becomes  a moral philosofer condemning everybody who swaps a musquito. Not Russel's  Sergeant Todd. Even in the end, when his enemies are busy exterminating a  group of civilians Todd defends their actions, saying that they have to  obey orders, likes he used to do. This far more realistic, considering his  upbringing, then expecting him to suddenly turn pacifist. That he manages,  despite this escential coldblooded attitude to convey a sense of emotion  for the people he is protecting is a great tribute to Russel's acting  ability. On the whole, a great movie to watch and a lot more interesting  then Verhoeven's Starship Troopers, which is half again as long, but has a  lot less to tell the audience.
0679746048|5.0|I read this book in one sitting.  There wasn't much fluidity between chapters, but that actually helps the reader to get into the mind of Susanna Kaysen.  It was reminiscent of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, but  through the eyes of a woman.  I would definitely read it again, as well as  recommend it to anyone.
6302206294|4.0|This movie was not exactly, what I was expecting, but on the whole I enjoyed it. There is just one little problem: It would have been a lot better without Costner. Now it is something like: The world's most boring  hero meets the world's most entertaining villain. Still, the support cast  (good acting by Morgan Freeman, Alan Rickman, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio,  Christian Slater and a lot of others) saves the day, by producing a nice  movie around Costner's Robin Hood. I had expected a bit more of a  swashbuckler and a little less political commentary and Robin Hood from the  legend appears a rather more unconcerned fellow then Costner's stand alone  hero with deep socio-political involvement, but never mind. It looks great,  the action is up to standard and it even has a decent plot. As long as you  ignore little anachronisms (a telescope in the twelth century, Scots  dresses up like third century Picts) and forget about the ridiculous idea  of a witch in a Robin Hood legend (There is nothing else supernatural, just  a witch) it makes for an enjoyable evening in front of the TV. It has  nothing to do with the original story but the names and the time and place  of action, but who cares?
B00003CXBK|5.0|I was one of the lucky few who lived near a theater and got to see this movie. This is the way movies were meant to be! The story will draw you in and make you feel like your there. The characters ae almost life like. This  movie must be released in the USA on DVD!  Do not let this mvie pass us by  on a US release!
0395645662|5.0|The Giver is a wonderful story about a boy named Jonas who becomes a Twelve in his community and gets assigned the job of Receiver of Memory.  The rest of the story is about his life at his new  job.  The is an  excellent story that you should really read.  I thought it was great and I  don't do much reading.  So if you like reading and you like fictional  stories than I suggest that you read this book.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I was one of the lucky few who lived near a theater and got to see this movie. This is the way movies were meant to be! The story will draw you in and make you feel like your there. The characters ae almost life like. This  movie must be released in the USA on DVD!  Do not let this mvie pass us by  on a US release!
B000002UDD|4.0|I felt that this was a good album by Megadeth but like all early Megadeth albums was weakened by cheap production.  Its got some great riffs in it though and is one of Megadeth's heavier albums.  It could've been a lot  better if it just sounded better, by that I mean if the guitars and drums  just sounded louder and more clear, oh well, its still a good buy.  In My  Darkest Hour is classic Megadeth too...
B000023VTQ|2.0|Wow!  I never wanted a film to end as much as this one.  I know now why it didn't get rave reviews in theatres.  It takes forever to go anywhere and once it &quot;arrives&quot; it's leaves you saying, SO WHAT.  The ONLY  bright bit of acting in this movie was Hugh Grant ~ great in his stammering  and perfectly-timed line deliveries and wonderful in the role of the well  meaning, cheerful and simple fellow who falls for the unattainable lass,  Ms. Roberts.  Julia could have done much more with this role, but her  performance left me wondering why she chose to play it like an actress  asleep in front of the camera lens.<br />Supporting roles were good, i.e.,  Grant's kooky sister and his roommie, Spike.  The soundtrack is nice, and  fits the mood of the story, but if you're looking for a Julia Roberts love  story to end all love stories, I'd pass this one up and rent Pretty Woman  instead.  Sorry folks, just my humble opinion!  She's a good actress and  wasted her talent in Notting Hill.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Wow. This is the Enigma we have been waiting for. A grown up serious band with talent yet to be surpassed by anybody. How can anyone doubt what they have become. Just listen to The Gravity Of Love and you will understand.  Passion, Power and a sense of longing comes through like a beautiful rose  on a mahogany table. These are master Artisans at the top of their craft  here folks. Don't let it pass you by.
6304119046|4.0|&quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is often hailed as one of the greatest, or even the best, film ever made.  The main thing that makes this film a classic are the innovative lighting and camera shots (thanks to Gregg Toland,  director of photography), very expressionistic in outlook, that are  reminiscent of German silent classics such as &quot;The Cabinet of Dr.  Caligari&quot; or &quot;Nosferatu&quot;.  The scenario has lost some of its  meaning over time, for not that many people know on whom the character of  Kane is based (media magnate William Randolph Hearst).  The scenario by  Herman Mankiewicz was written as a parody of Hearst, which explains why the  latter tried to have the film banned and, when this failed, to give it bad  reviews in his newspapers in order to make the film a commercial failure.   Even though the real meaning of the film has been lost over time, it still  enjoys popularity because of the cinematographic innovations it contains.   The script, however, has several flaws.  The entire story revolves around a  reporter's attempt to find the meaning of Kane's last word before his  death, &quot;Rosebud&quot;.  Yet there was nobody in sight when Kane  uttered his last word.  In general, however, this film deserves to be  called a true classic.
0060194995|5.0|&quot;To kill a mockingbird is a sin&quot;,  but reading this book isn't.  This is a great book that at the end will make you think about life and cry.  It is an emotional book in some places and fun in others.  This book is about a family's life during the time when blacks were not able to do  the things whites did such as go to school.  It is mostly about a little  girl though, and how her brother risked his life in the end for her.   &quot;Scout&quot; as they called her, or her real name, Jean Louise, was a  little girl at the time Acttius Finch, her father, defended Tom Robinson a  black man. Mr.Finch was a lawyer and took the case. He would have had to  anyway, but he wanted to.  It's hard to explain all that happens, but if  you read this novel, you will learn things in life that are more precious  than anything else.  It will teach you lessons about life and show you what  is the most important things in life.  It is an emotional story filled with  sadness and happiness.  You will share the feelings and times with Scout  and her family.
B0000026J6|3.0|For fans of Leonard Cohen, this might come harsh: &quot;I´m Your Man&quot; is not a pop/rock masterpiece. However, it has six great songs which I have not yet tired of.<br />The problem I have with this album are the  &quot;poetic&quot; lyrics. In my opinion sometimes they amount to complete  gibberish, &quot;Jazz Police&quot; being the prime example. Another thing  that slightly bothered me was the somewhat dated production, which probably  was very modern at the time of the publication of this CD.<br />To end on a  positive note: the mood of Leonard Cohen's singing is excellent throughout,  especially in the last two songs. For a buyer unfamiliar with the artist's  work, I strongly recommend listening (the whole CD) before buying.
6305308659|4.0|Just a few comments.  The movie has a good story.  The special effects seem like they could be better, but watch the special section on how they did it and you will see the technology is tricky.  Best part of this DVD?   Fiona Apple's music video where she does a 360 degree flip.  Gosh she's  cute!
B000003TA4|5.0|I have all the Nirvana album, and undoubtedly this is the best, I mean every song is a classic on its own, and Smell like teen spirit, would probably be the rock song of the decade. One advice, Nirvana fans, if u  haven't heard this, u haven't heard anything yet !
6305308659|4.0|Just a few comments.  The movie has a good story.  The special effects seem like they could be better, but watch the special section on how they did it and you will see the technology is tricky.  Best part of this DVD?   Fiona Apple's music video where she does a 360 degree flip.  Gosh she's  cute!
630575067X|3.0|Weak plot and to much Jar Jar is what really hurt this movie.The special effects were fantastic as was the fight scene with Darth Maul.As a stand alone movie it does not hold up well.If the rest of the trilogy is  excellent this will make Episode I only a decent opening act.
B00004RFFL|1.0|I think Johnny Depp is a wonderful actor and I usually enjoy his work.However, this movie was not well written at all and therefore not enjoyable to me. The plot seems muddled and the character's are not  developed well. I think the scariest thing about this movie is Johnny  Depp's haircolor.
6305750750|5.0|Where as the original trilogy were some of the best movies ever the new one while it lacks in several areas is still an excellent movie.  I feel that the movie probably deserves 4 and 1/2 stars but I could only give it a  4 or 5.  While Jar Jar Binks is annoying he isn't anywhere as bad as the  press made him  out to be.  I feel that the character development definetly  could have mused some work and that the miniclorians midiclarians Oh  whatever they're called takes away from the story but considering how few  good movies there are I still give it five stars.  Also if you have the  originals you should definetly buy this one to complete the set, and expect  that the next 2 will be better.
0780624890|5.0|The hype for vampires is probably at his heights in years, with the success of Buffy the Vampire slayer. So theres been a few vampire movies, such as John Carpenter's Vampires(not bad at all) and modern Vampires(very  very poor) but Blade is by far the best. Blade is based upon a Marvel comic  of the same name, and is basically about a vampire hunter(which is a half  breed, played by Snipes) whos goes around killing vampires. The action is  fast paced, sound track incredible and effects A grade. Blade is an all  around great action flick. If you don't like glore, or action flicks don't  watch, but if u do buy this now. The DVD package is still one of the best  on the market, and a great one to buy yo show off to your mates.
6302238331|5.0|I SAW &quot;THE FRENCH CONNECTION&quot; WHEN I COULD HEAR. AFTER THESE MANY YEARS, I WISH THE CAPTIONING INSTITUTE WOULD PROVIDE CLOSED-CAPTIONS FOR THIS CLASSIC.  PLEASE PASS THIS REQUEST IF POSSIBLE. THANKS.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Armageddon is a great action flick from modern day master of action Michael Bay(Bad Boys, The Rock). The film is fast paced, with great camera shots, grade A effects, great sound and a great cast( what more do u want  to show off you DVD player).    The story is basically about some deep sea  drillers(Bruce Williis and Co), who are sent into space and needed to drill  an impact threating Texas-sized meteor, so a nuculear bomb can be inserted  to destory it.     Its much better than Deep Impact which has a simular  story line, and watchable again and again. The story may be unrealistic,  but who cares it an enjoyable movie with Bruce Willis and Co.
630575067X|5.0|This movie is far superior to the original trilogy.  The jedi fight scenes are awesome and the action is almost non-stop.  If you like action movies, this is one for you.
B00003CXA6|5.0|First off, I have to say that I have *never* been a big history fan.  My husband, on the other hand, is.  Gettysburg had been a passion of his for some time, and when vacation time rolled around one year, he said we had to go.  Before we were to go, he suggested that we watch this movie.  I was  *NOT* thrilled...on the movie OR the upcoming vacation.<br />But what an eye  opener!  I was riveted.  The accuracy, the acting.....the way it was  brought to life before my eyes.  This movie was incredible.  I saw a review  someone wrote below mentioning that his children liked this movie as well,  that they actually learned from it.  Well, I learned too, and I was 25 when  I saw it.  I have been waiting and waiting for this to come out on DVD as I  know I could watch it over and over.<br />And just to let you all know, after  seeing this movie, the vacation to the battlegrounds was *extremely*  meaningful.  I shared in the experience with my husband rather than being a  tag-along.  Understanding the 3 days gave a new depth to the ground we  stood on.  I actually can't wait to go back.
B0000025SB|5.0|This is one of Pink Floyd's best ..... The Band should have included this album with &quot;The Wall&quot; ... so if you haven't graced your ears to the Final Cut as yet ..... your &quot;Wall&quot; ain't complete yet !
B000002W4V|5.0|Luckily for me, I'm one of them and this is my favourite.<br />I'm still getting off on the sheer energy today (and I first heard it 25 years ago).  Yep, hard to believe that this is the same guy who gave us  &quot;Transformer&quot; ~ this is no stroll through the park ~ it's raw, in  your face, adrenaline pumping and needs to be played loud, real  loud.<br />&quot;Heroin&quot; and &quot;White Light/White Heat&quot; have  remained perennial favourites of mine and, if you think that &quot;Sweet  Jane&quot; is hard to top, try &quot;Cowboy Junkies - The Trinity  Session&quot;, which gives the most definitive version of this great  classic.
B000002C1X|5.0|This is by far Pink Floyd's best album although &quot;The Final Cut&quot; could have easiy been included to complete a formidable Triology. &quot;The Wall&quot; is a masterpiece and shall not be equalled or even approached by  any band for many light years.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Most of the lyrics are good but i can tell Fred wants a rap album. n2gethernow is a rap song just like this is kinda a rap song show what u got is more on the rap side break stuff is a bad song so u can kinda tell  he is not to good at writing rock exept        which is the best song on  the cd. but that accually happened to him so its easier to write about. i  hope fred makes another rock album like 3 dollar bill y'all
6305531412|5.0|I already have two copies of this movie, original release VHS and Laserdisk.  The Laserdisk has developed some sort of plague in the metal sheet.  It looks the same on both sides.  I ordered the DVD today to  replace the Laserdisk.  I hope that the reports of censoring are  exagerated, too much tamperiong would be a travesty against this wonderful  film...<br />But to the point!  Something that the prior reviews have missed  is that &quot;Roger&quot; is essentially a remake of &quot;Chinatown.&quot;   Watch &quot;Chinatown&quot; and then watch &quot;Roger&quot;, but do it at  your own risk -- you may heve to go to the ER with a busted gut from  laughing so hard!
6300214753|5.0|THIS MUST BE THE BEST MOVIE THAT MATTEW BRODERICK HAS BEEN IN. IT PORTRAYS HIGH SCHOOL HOPES SO ACCURATELY THAT NO ONE CAN PUT IT IN WORDS. ALONG THE MOVIE, MANY VERY INTERESTING TURNS MAKE THIS MOVIE A FAVORITE FOR EVERYONE.  IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A GOOD MOVIE TO SEE, GET FERRIS BUELER'S DAY OFF. YOU  WILL LOVE IT &quot;LIKE THE LOVE BETWEEN A MAN AND A FINE CUBAN CIGAR&quot;  -THE SIMPSONS. THE BEST PART OF THIS MOVIE THAT YOU WILL LOVE IS THE  BRILLIANCE OF BUELER IN THE MOVIE. HE IS ABLE TO FOOL EVERYONE HE KNOWS.  YOU WILL GET A KICK OUT OF THE DEAN OF STUDENTS. THIS MUST BE THE BEST 80'S  MOVIE. DON'T PASS THIS ONE UP. WHAT YOUVE HEARD IS RIGHT. AMAZON.COM IS  CORRECT. THE VIEWER WILL SEE WHAT HIGH SCHOOL HOPES ARE AND WHAT HIGH  SCHOOL IS LIKE. HERE'S A VERY ACCURATE OXYMORON FOR THE PORTRAYEL OF HIGH  SCHOOL IN THIS MOVIE: FUN BOREDOM.
B000002H6C|5.0|...And Justice for All along with Master of Puppets sums up what Metallica was: an angry speed Metal Band.  It makes me sick that Metallica is more popular now than ever.  Their music lacks the edge that their first five  albums had(yes, I'm including gargage days).  I gave up on Metallica after  the first Load album.  It's not that they are not a great band because they  are.  They just don't make the kind of music that I want to hear when I say  to myself, &quot; I want to hear some Metallica&quot;.  The Black Album was  the beginning of the end for me.  Maybe I'm the freak.......this was their  &quot;breakthrough&quot; album. Whatever.  The true fans know what I'm  talking about.  And Justice For All: tough stuff.  If you like Load and  Reload etc, you might not care for this album because it's not radio  friendly.
B000002GJS|4.0|This album is a gem that really never got the recognition it deserves.  We heard &quot;Everything I do&quot; about 4 million times and forgot about the rest of the album.  However, if you really want to wake up the  neighbors and have agreat time in the process, blast &quot;House  Arrest&quot;. This is simply a GREAT, FUN rock &amp; roll tune.  Not Guilty  and Vanishing are two other favorites which nobody knows about, while  Thought I'd Died and Gone to Heaven (which did get some airplay) is a  fantastic, spirited song.  This is fun music for the air guitarist in you,  and it may be Bryan's best album.  If you like no frills, upbeat rock, this  is for you.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Nobody can deny that when it comes to serious animation, the Japanese are the masters. The U.S. has only recently started to make decent animated dramas, such as &quot;The Iron Giant&quot;. The Japanese have been doing it  for years, and this movie is the culmination of that cultural expertise.  Watch it.
B00001NFCY|5.0|.....Listen to them now. This CD blows my mind.Creed's Human Clay album picks up right where &quot;My Own Prison&quot; left off without missing a chord. I love it and am very satisfied. If you like their first album then  Human Clay won't dissapoint you.Tell me if you like it.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This cd is by far the best that trent has ever done. the anger hate and emotion came from trent and went to make a musical masterpiece. it's a sin (no pun intended) not to own this if u r a NIN fan.
B000009ED0|5.0|I hate when people say that someone isn't a singer just because he can't play an instrument.  Look at Rod Stewart, he is very succesful and doesn't play a guitar or piano or something.  Anyway, all of the songs on this CD  are great, I can listen the whole way through.  If you like metal and hip  hop, buy this.
B000003NA3|5.0|this is a must have collection.John Coltrane takes his music to another Level at the Village.the music is Breathtaking at times.it's Beauty,it's Range&amp;Style has a flow all it's own.the tone speaks to you that's the  Genius of John Coltrane.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This album is, for NIN, a definate change.  It isn't as techno-pop oriented as the others and is maybe the most angered of them all.  Leaning more on the lines of full industrial, this album is a pulse pounding ride  through a demented and tormented mind. The in your face riffs and lyrics  never let up.
6303985467|5.0|This easily surpasses the amateurishly made  &quot;Blair Witch Project&quot;. This even surpasses &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot;, &quot;Hush.Hush... Sweet Charlotte&quot; or the original &quot;The  Haunting&quot;. Without gore or Special Effects and shot on a budget of  about $ 30'000: If you want a movie that shocks the hell out of you, THIS  is it.
B000002LEE|4.0|Nothing's Shocking is a mixture of hard pumping guitar jams with melodic vocals by Perry Farrell.  His voice combined with the music is sublime beauty.  Jane Says even uses a steel drum to add extra rythm.  This band  was definetly important in the evolution of Los Angeles's music community  and was one of LA's most popular rock acts during their years together.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album is truly the most stunning piece of music I've ever heard.  Billy Corgan has become an absolute favorite musician of mine ever since I bought Ava Adore.  When I first heard the sheer art in this C.D. It made me  literally want to scream with joy in some parts, others, made me want to  cry with an overload of emotion, which is what I truly believe music should  do, and Corgan must understand this because every C.D. strikes an unknown  chord in your heart that makes you flood with emotion.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is an excellent movie. Its a shame it got shafted by a poor release. If it had been promoted like some of the other disney movies and if it had been in more theatres it probably would have been huge. As it is, though, this will have to fall into the catagory: Killed by the MPAA. Buy the  DVD!
630575067X|5.0|I don't see how people can say that the movie wasn't any good, it was great. All of the cast did a great job, and the graphics were the best yet. I can't wait to see the next one, because it'll most likely be as good as  this one. Ewan McGregor needs to keep up the GREAT acting skills. I'll  admit there is one thing I didn't like about the movie and that was when  Qui-Gon Jinn got killed, he needed to make it to the second movie.
0684847817|5.0|I saw this book at a friend of a friend's house and was absolutely blown away. I was just opening up to the more mystical/spiritual side of things if you will. It was about a year ago and I just recently oredered the book.  I didn't know who the author was but that didn't stop me from finding it. A  whole year and I still wanted that book. The artwork is immaculate, I work  at a Pathifinders Facility and all the clients just love it. They TRULY  believe! It's wonderful.
0425107469|4.0|There's nothing like a succesful attempt to free oneself from a pair of police handcuffs, yet this is EXACTLY what one special dog accomplishes in Dean Koontz's WATCHERS.  The metaphysical aspects of the expanoria are what  makes this novel emit fascination.  The mob hitman reminds one of sanctuary  hives in the small of France.  If the reader does not equate this  phenomenom with spacious lanterns, then he is left with oats to fall upon.
630575067X|2.0|Actually, 1 1/2, but I'll be nice and round up...<br />First off, I was utterly disappointed with the changing of the Force from a spiritual power into some biological thing that could be measured.  In Episodes 4-6, we are shown that the Force can take root in and flower in any person and they  could develop their connection to that energy.  Now it's a blood count  thing.  Like the Force is cholesterol or something.  Ugh.<br />Second off, I  am going to put the Jar Jar thing to bed once and for all: Star Wars came  out when I was a little kid and I didn't need some computer generated  buffoon who sounded like a Cajun slave to grab my interest.  <br />Third of  all, anyone who has studied the Nazi rise to power in Germany will  recognize where the majority of the &quot;plot&quot; for this movie came  from.<br />Fourthly, why did the aliens have accents?  Did the Trade  Federation guys grow up in Tokyo?  Was Watto a paisano?  What was up with  that?  Also, I don't think the characterization with each accent was too  appropriate (the japaneese accent with the money hungry trade fed, the  italian one with the slave-owning junk dealer, etc.)<br />Good things about  this movie?  I loved the Sand People shooting at the Pod Racers.  That was  great.  For the few seconds Darth Maul was on screen, he was nice.    The effects were ok too.   <br />I say skip it.  <br />Sure hope  they hand off the action to Samuel L. Jackson in Pt. 2...
B000002LRX|5.0|The most striking trait of Faith No More's Angel Dust is how everyone else is just now catching up.  Both the music and the lyrical subject matter are far ahead of its time.  &quot;Land of Sunshine&quot; explores themes  recently taken on by Radiohead's OK Computer album and the book and film  Fight Club.  As for Jim Martin's guitar being &quot;too low&quot;, as  pointed out in an earlier review, just listen to Korn, Limp Biskit,  Slipknot, and all the other current metal bands using 7 string guitars to  attain that low sound.  Much like Godflesh and Prong, Angel Dust has yet to  receive the credit it deserves for breaking new, interesting ground.
0399128964|5.0|First in the Dune chronical. This is THE masterpiece. There is no equal to this book. Azimov's Foundation Series is VERY good. This SINGLE book, leaves it in the dust (and sand). <br />The entire Chronical is good but this  first book is definatly the best. <br />the chronical: 1 - Dune 2 - Children  of Dune 3 - Dune Messiah 4 - God Emperor of Dune 5 - Heritics of Dune 6 -  Chapterhouse: Dune<br />The series goes down hill til the 5th and 6th books  save it. the 4th and worst book is rather boring and long winded with its  many philosophical conversations between characters. But even it, is a damn  good read compaired to many other &quot;classics&quot; out there. But what  ever you think if the series as a whole, YOU MUST read the first one. DUNE.  As a devout atheist, it was increadible how quickly I became a fanatical  follower of Paul Muad'Dib. :P
0780628551|2.0|This is a nice-looking movie with a good cast, but the pacing is fairly slow and anyone who has seen more than a dozen SF movies will not find any new ideas here.  It's fairly obvious from the beginning how the plot will  develop, so there's little in the way of suspense.  The ending is no real  surprise.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Believe what you read about this movie (tape/DVD). Originally, I thought &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; was the only film of significance in the late '90s.  Then I saw &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot;.  I think it's one of  the greatest 100 movies of all time.  Many can argue where it would rank,  but I think only the movie &quot;The Deer Hunter&quot;, which I saw at a  much younger age, shook me, moved me, absorbed me like &quot;Life is  Beautiful&quot;.  The Academy Award 'Oscars' that Roberto Benigni received  for this film are very, very deserving.  He's the closest thing we have to  Chaplin in this day and age.  If you have kids, there will not be a dry eye  in your house near the end of this film.
B000001E7L|4.0|This is definatly the CD that made me like the cranberries.... unfortunatly they have not done anything like it again :-(.<br />This album is wonderful, full of emotion, good rock mixed with amazing vocals and very  very touching... I think that Zombie is a good song but NOT the best song  this album can offer (my fav is Ridicules Thoughts). The reason this album  doesn't get 5 stars (some of the trackes definalty worth it) is that  although most of the songs are spell-bonding few are not and they 'spoil  the line'.<br />All in all this is a real classic.
0790729628|4.0|First, BUY THIS DVD. If you bothered to spend the $ for a DVD player, this is the best first flick for your library. Okay second - get Matrix AND Blade Runner. Don't ask, just do it. Okay, now read on, if you REALLY want the gory details...<br />1. Video quality is great. 2. Sound is good. Maybe not audiophile $100K home theater good, but very good indeed for 99% of us. 3. The film is Ridley Scotts' cut. His vision. If you needed the voiceover (which was NOT originally scripted anyway, I understand), don't get this movie - you won't get the voiceover and you won't understand the film. This movie is a tablet for the viewer to write on - not as much as say, 2001, but there is a lot of room for the viewer to fill in \\"what's going on.\\" The film requires active participation by the viewer to really shine. If you want formula that's easy to follow, rent Terminator or something. 4. The DVD structure SUCKS. No special anything. Only standard subtitles, scene jumps, etc. I agree with previous reviews slamming odd scene jumps. I would buy this disk again at FULL PRICE HELLO WB to get Ridley Scott commentary, behind the scenes, etc. C'mon - you KNOW there's all kinds of stuff floating around the WB vaults on this film! This was the biggest disappointment.<br />In short, buy it. Now.
6304196784|5.0|Think you can watch this movie and not find yourself repeating some lines afterwords? Forget it. You'll never yell at a bad driver quite the same way again. You'll be tempted to wake your spouse by saying &quot;Wake up Limey Fish!&quot; And woe the friend that ever, EVER calls you stupid!! <br />Kevin Kline is nothing short of a laugh riot. Since Wanda, I've watched for other movies with Kline, but no others come close to capturing his talent like this. Just his gesticulations alone will make you laugh - unless you're in a coma. And Jamie Lee, well, she's also at her best. Very believable as the scheming girlfriend. Those two wonderful talents, with the added genius of Monty Python's John Cleese and Michael Palin, mix to make this a gem of comedic art! You won't be..&quot;DIS-A-PPOIN-TED!&quot;
0812523334|3.0|Little Women was a classic,but it wasn't as good as I thought it would be. It was interesting, I'll give it that, but it didn't have the key things that a good piece of literature should have.It was set in New England and  told the lives,sometimes dull lives, of the four March girls. Their  hardships,sorrows, and happy times is what this book is all about.  Desciption is really good in Little Women. When the girls' father goes to  war, the girls and their mother wait for a lette, that would never come.  Overall, 3 stars is all this book gets, nothing more nothing less. Remember  there are always two sides to a loved classic book; it may be loved by some  but disliked by others.
B00003CWL5|5.0|My absolute favorite film of 1999 and one of the best ever.  Unlike many of the more &quot;profound&quot; films out there, this movie does not condescend to you with obscure, &quot;too-cool-for-thou&quot; plots or  epithets.  Instead, the relatable, ironic, and funny plot unfolds with the  flawless performances of Kevin Spacey, Annette Bening, and most notably (in  my opinion) a white-hot newcomer Wes Bentley who gives a mind-blowing  performance as the &quot;hero&quot; of Kevin Spacey.    This movie says  everything you have ever thought about but never ventured to say aloud,  eloquently and beautifully.  I recommend it wholeheartedly and would be  disagreeably surprised if any other film won the Oscar for Best Picture.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I cannot say enough about Sanata's amazing resiliency.  To have engineered such a come-back at this stage of his career is only possible because he is truly in touch with the soul of the music he makes.  Here is a man who has  become comletely honest with the music he makes.  There is no pop pretense,  no sell-out in this album.  Just like the guest artists, the listener is  invited along on a journey into the heart of Santana's musical spirit.  A  remarkable example of musical triumph from an artist who refuses to  compromise his roots.
6305750750|4.0|I saw this movie the first day it came out, and I was very pleased, and I actually considered waiting on line again to go see it again that same day, but went to see it 3 more times later on.  The movie is just like one big  thrill ride, although it gets slow at times, the action sequence and  podrace more than make up for it.  It may not have the best story line, and  things may seem like they shouldn't exactly happen, the overall movie  experience is incredible.  The special effects are superb, the best ever.   If you want to see a fun and action packed movie, buy this movie, it will  be well worth the investment.
B00000JCOV|4.0|When I first heard 'Wait and Bleed' I thought that this band was just another bunch of guys jumping on the rap/metal bandwagon and wrote them off.  Then I heard they were from my home state of Iowa and I got  interested.  I bought the cd and was blown away by the sounds I was  hearing.  I know they may not be re-defining metal, but hey, the album is  definitely worth buying.
0140177396|5.0|this was the best book by far ive ever read. i cried and cried at the end but i didnt care. it was a magnificent novella!
B000003RCY|5.0|In my view, this is by far superior to their second CD. Whereas the latter is merely good European techno/metal, the songs here (particularly Seemann) evoke something very emotional and purely Germanic (or at least my  stereotype-induced conception of Germanic), like a modern incarnation of  the Wagner opera. It isn't just that the music is executed with an  unexpected degree of professionalism, or that the lead singer's voice is  worthy of any Teutonic god. There is something in the style itself that  leaves one feeling vaguely enlightened and/or empowered. No, this music is  not very subtle, yes, the lyrics are a bit over the top and a bit stupid,  at times, but that is part of the loud, heavy-handed appeal that Rammstein  (along with most Baroque and  Romantic music) engenders.
6305750750|5.0|I saw this movie the first day it came out, and I was very pleased, and I actually considered waiting on line again to go see it again that same day, but went to see it 3 more times later on.  The movie is just like one big  thrill ride, although it gets slow at times, the action sequence and  podrace more than make up for it.  It may not have the best story line, and  things may seem like they shouldn't exactly happen, the overall movie  experience is incredible.  The special effects are superb, the best ever.   If you want to see a fun and action packed movie, buy this movie, it will  be well worth the investment.
0684857820|5.0|This nonfiction novel is well written and worthy of praise. However, I wouldnt have cared less if there were jarring tense shifts or spelling errors throughout this book - stories like Lucky need to be told. Applause  to the publishers who print nonfiction tragic stories...a novel written  about rape, or any of the sort, when revered as a literary spectacle to  savour, swash around in our mouths like cognac while smoking a cigar, then  we as human beings have hit a low point. At best, real life stories like  Sebold's are meant to bust through the thick coats of denial, expose the  bad guys, offer wisdom and transform hearts.
B000002P5R|5.0|A Catchy and slightly less breakneck album than a few of the previous, but expertly (how else?) executed, would have been a great answer to the media criticism he was receving prior to his untimely exit. I do wish the ghetto  fighters would shut up on &quot;Freedom&quot; and &quot;Isabella&quot; (I  know they were Jimi's friends, but do the album a favour, huh?) although  their other contributions are welcome. Mitchell is extravagently  immaculate, as per usual. This is an album to jump around your room to and  play air guitar to. Or buy the sheet music too (My personal suggestion) and  jump around playing along. Ezy Ryder Oozes hendrix, nearly all the tracks  are standouts. My slight reservations are that 'Room full of mirrors' was  more funky on the deleted 'Voodoo soup' version and 'Pali gap' deserves a  place on this album, maybe insted of atsro man which becomes aggrevating.  Get out your wallet and buy a big fuzzy wig, then buy this album. Figure  out the rest yourselves.
067144901X|5.0|My son loves this book so much I'm buying it again. Our first book finally gave out after being read a thousand times and now he now picks up every book to see if it's his &quot;La La&quot; book. This is the first book that  got him interested in reading!
6302686466|5.0|I loved it when stone kissed the other girl......it was great!
B000002OX5|5.0|&quot;The Who Sell Out&quot; (like Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon) represents the paradigm of concept album rock. The Warholesque pop art cover (showing the band hawking deoderant and baked beans)sets the tongue  in cheek tone that weaves throughout the album. The supposed premise is  that we are listening to a pirate radio station, complete with jingles,  PSA's and a wide variety of pop styles that range from the levity of  standard love songs (Mary Anne w/ the Shaky Hands)to socio-politacal class  struggle (I Can't Reach You) to teen angst (Tattoo, Melancholia) to  explosive power pop psychedelic guitar feedback wizardry (I Can See For  Miles, Armenia City in the Sky). As a matter of fact, there are so many  different styles and textures that you can remove the fairly lightweight  concept and still have a superb collection of cleverly written, melodic pop  songs that define the the time they came from (Summer of love 1967)and  transcend it.  No one turns a phrase like Townshend; this from Tatto: My  dad beat me 'cause mine said mother, but my mother naturally liked it and  beat my brother, 'cause his tattoo was of a lady in the nude and mother  thought that was extremely rude. Additionally many of the songs work on  several different levels; Odorono, for example, reperesents that song you  hear on the radio and you're grooving to it and then only at the end it  turns out to be nothing but a commercial for some trivial consumer good. A  song that pretends to be a song but it's really trying to sell you  something (whether product or ideology). But it's also about unrewarded  talent, and traumatic disappointment as well as being a cautionary tale  about the superficiality of stardom. <br />When the album was originally  released in '67 it was slimmed up so it could fit on a single record. Only  on this brilliantly remastered package, which more than doubles the length  of the original, do you get the whole picture: ads for Top Gear and Coca  Cola, Early MorningCold Taxi, Jaguar, Melancholia and Glow Girl (which is  also on the other superb Who reissue: Odds &amp; Sods). The liner notes,  too, are top notch w/ many pictures and discographical info.<br />What is sad  is that many Who fans even are unfamiliar with this album recognizing only  I Can See For Miles (which Townshend felt was the ultimate pop single) but  the band is clearly at the top of their game. Townshend at his experimental  best, Entwhistle is solid on the bass and frivolous on the horns (he writes  most of the commercials), Daltrey is straddling the Mod/Rocker dividing  line and his vocals have the same innocent youthful intensity that drives  his singing on Tommy and is lost into assured arena rock by the time the  innovative Who's Next comes around. Finally, Moon never sounded better,  with his wild building tom rolls pounding in and out of control  simultaneously.<br />This is definitely peak stuff and it is easy to hear how  Tommy, the grand opera, is the next logical step.
6304907648|4.0|Serial killer psychologist who survived a strangulation some years prior is enlisted by the local police force when a serial killer starts patterning himself after other famous killers. Much better plotted and ran  through than Se7en, this film is much more interesting and slicker. Doesn't  use full scale gore and torture techniques to produce scares and even packs  a few laughs.
6305750750|5.0|There is an inescapable truth that has been pointed out by this movie - there is a huge difference between liking Star Wars and understanding Star Wars.  To those who watched the first trilogy simply for the flashing  lights and pretty colors this movie won't make any sense at all.  But for  those who understood the mythical underpinnings of the saga this movie made  perfect sense.<br />This is where everything starts.  It shows the Old  Republic,  the Galactic Senate,  and the initial conception of the Evil  Galactic Empire.  But beyond all of that this installment shows us a true  Jedi Master in his own element - and what he is capable of.<br />This is the  beginning.  The first chapter.  From here things will descend into oblivion  over the course of the next two episodes leading up to that Star Destroyer  chasing Princess Leia's Tantive IV Blockade Runner over the surface of  Tatooine.<br />Complaining about the lack of a &quot;Han Solo&quot; character  is simply idiotic.  To have one would be redundant.  The story already has  a &quot;Han Solo&quot; character.  He enters the story in Chapter  IV.<br />This movie forces you to re-evaluate the first trilogy to incorporate  the information presented here.  Information regarding the Jedi Council,   the training of a Jedi,  how the Empire came to be,  what Luke and Leia's  mother was like,  and above all the origin of Anakin Skywalker,  his  importance to the galaxy,  and why the character of Darth Vader is a tragic  figure.<br />Earlier complaints about the movie being &quot;dumbed down&quot;  are completely inaccurate.  It is in fact the other way around,  and  low-brows are complaining because Lucas is forcing them to connect the dots  themselves.  And Jar Jar was put there specifically so the kids would have  something to latch onto,  because the grandeur of the story would no doubt  airplane the younger ones.<br />Basically if you don't get it,  you just don't  get it,  and nothing anyone can say will change that.  And if you do get  it,  then you already know this movie was a milestone and you already know  everything I have been saying.<br />Bring on Episode II
6304907648|4.0|Serial killer psychologist who survived a strangulation some years prior is enlisted by the local police force when a serial killer starts patterning himself after other famous killers. Much better plotted and ran  through than Se7en, this film is much more interesting and slicker. Doesn't  use full scale gore and torture techniques to produce scares and even packs  a few laughs.
B00003CWPR|3.0|This film about jealousy could have been one of Kubrick's best.  Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman give top notch performances and there is quite a handful of breath taking scenes that remind you that your watching a  Kubrick film.  But in the end it looks like an expensive remake of Martin  Scorsese's &quot;After Hours&quot; minus the comedy and plus an extra hour.   The movie gets so tedious at parts that it is almost unbearable.  Should  have been chopped down a bit by the editors.  Some scenes are great as  Cruise walks through one bizarre situation after another (each one gets a  little more strange until you can't believe your watching the same film).   Some scenes are just plain stupid and sometimes disturbing (When Cruise and  Kidman smoke pot with their child sleeping in the other room and when a  costume shop owner pimps his daughter to some foreingers).  Director,  Sidney Pollak turns out a very good supporting role in this film as one of  Cruises rich friends.  This film is a little hard to recomend though but  just makes it.  It deserves a watch as a last film of a great director but  the sad thing was it was capable of much more.  Watch &quot;After  Hours&quot;  for the same effect too because that film is much better and  funnier.
0440234743|2.0|The main disappointment was due the the books by Grisham I had read previously.  This one is so inferior - I felt I was reading something rushed, too commercial. This doesn't prevent me, though, from remaining a  faithful Grisham reader.
0780628551|1.0|This is the absolute WORST movie I have seen in a long time.  I can't even think of a single movie that I hate worse.  BAD BAD BAD acting.  (Johnny Depp....what more can you say).  BAD BAD BAD storyline.  I just wanted it  to have a good solid ending to make me feel better about wasting 2 hours,  but even that let me down.  Don't waste your money renting it or buying  it...unless you need a sleep aid.
B00000055E|4.0|As an older person, I try to keep up with what's going on in the music of our youth because that's where the cutting edge really is.  I like this CD because it is reflective of a real world.  A world that has sadly remained  basically unchanged since my youth.<br />The CD could have been condensed into  one CD rather than 2.  Sometimes, my impression is that the compilers throw  too many pieces into the mix regardless of quality.  <br />But there is  warmth, humor, anger and a lot of other stuff packed in this release.  I  enjoyed it and memorized some of his hooks because they are very poetic.   For example, &quot;Quick to smile juvenile...&quot;  These rhymes have  strength and comjure other images.  Tupac was very good and this CD is,  too.
0684872153|5.0|Mr. McCourt: Your book is the first one I ever read that actually brought tears to my eyes.  Tears of anger! frustration! compassion! sympathy!  I want to know more.  More about your brothers Al, and Mike.  What ever  happened to them?  What about your father?  Did you ever see him again or  hear of him.  Your mother.  Did she eventually get to come to America too?   Also, what was your first job after you arrived in America? I'm sure there  is a grand story to be told there also, that would answer all these  questions.  If there is, I want to know it. Your book truly is a memoir  masterpiece.  You told the secrets of your boyhood both good and bad and I  applaud you. I am happy for you too because you rose above all the misery  to become the man you are today.  God bless you.
B0000027RL|4.0|Pearl Jam's debut album, 'Ten' was a good one. But I am very suprised that it's their best seller. &quot;Alive&quot;, &quot;Jeremy&quot;, and even &quot;Once&quot; are good songs, and &quot;Black&quot; is very emotional.  But other than that, this album isn't very good. If you want REAL Pearl  Jam, get their second album, titled 'Vs.'
6305265488|5.0|I loved this movie!  This was the best Cinderella I have seen in a long time.  I have watched this movie over and over and enjoy it every time I see it.  It is a make you feel good movie.  I have told my friends about  it.  When I first saw the movie I thought that Danielle would have rejected  the Prince after his callous treatment of her. But she didn't because she  realized that he had changed and he realized that she had caused the change  in him.  The ending is great.  Nothing like getting even in the end. Drew  Barrymore and Dougray Scott were a great pairing and Angelica Huston was  terrific as the mean stepmother. It is a must see for everyone.
B00001QGPS|4.0|Now this album isn't Wu-Tang material by ANY means, Eric Sermon did ALOT of tracks on this album.  Rza did 2 tracks, and both are fat as hell.  But Tical and Funk Doc did a good job in putting out a good hip-hop album.
B000021XR5|4.0|This album was a pleasant suprise.  I know alot of the grungies are crying because this one doesn't have the same whiny vibe that much of the early and mid 90's bands produced.  To this I say HOORAY! Rock music goes through  phases, but it always, comes back to real, grab-you-by-the-nuts  rock&amp;roll.....eventually.  From the first track, this a solid piece of  work.  True, there aren't as many singles with a &quot;radio hook&quot;,  but has anyone really listened to the radio lately?   Buy this and be very  satisfied.
B000000W5N|1.0|Monotonous.Dull.Uninspiring.Unadventurous. What this CD needs is stuff the calibre of All You Need Is Love or Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey.Stuff that sparkles and shimmers. The songs here are just pseudo junky nonsense. More  imagination is needed here.If you want halfway decent stones try Hot Rocks  which has all the stuff youll ever need.The best of  their poppy material  such as jumpin jack satisfaction and paint it black.This is as good as they  got.Try Imagine or All Things Must Pass instead.
B00001QEBQ|4.0|Thanks to Disney Home Video for releasing this film in the WIDESCREEN format as well as offering the pan and scan (for those who still don't understand that widescreen shows the entire picture as seen in theaters).  Hopefully, Disney will continue offering its animated titles on DVD in this  format as the new DISNEY GOLD COLLECTION titles are released this year.  I  cannot emphasize this enough --- continue to offer widescreen DVD's!
B000003BEV|2.0|Its been said before and Ill say it again to reiterate the point. TSMR is a blatant and very poor attempt to duplicate Sgt Pepper.  Although I applaud the stones for doing this kind of music.The stones were at their  best when they did poppy psycadelic tunes and forgot the usual R&amp;B  nonsense.And after all it was the summer of love and the stones had to fit  in.Im just disappointed they didnt continue with this kind of  progression.Some of the songs are quite cool &amp; cute,kinda like Sgt  Pepper. Such as 2000 light years &amp; lantern are great pop songs.If you  like the Beatles &amp; Floyd give this  a go,its definately their best  work.LONG LIVE THE HIPPIES AND THE SUMMER OF LOVE.
B00002E285|5.0|if you're thinking no movie could ever do the album justice, you're very wrong. this movie is so awesome, the music compliments every second of the movie. and it also gives insight to what The Wall is really about. if you  like Pink Floyd, don't think twice. buy this now!
B000003BF1|1.0|This CD is soooo boring.Like most of the stones stuff(except the halfway decent TSMR)this is  stuck-in-a-rut stuff.The stones didnt know how to explore(unlike another band I could mention) and all their stuff sounds the  same.Their are an awful lot of filler tracks here as well.The only decent  songs are Gimme shelter &amp; Midnight Rambler which are great pop songs.I  suggest getting Hot Rocks(such as the previous highly intelligent reviewer  suggested)or maybe Rolled Gold both of which have the stones best pop  stuff.And really this is the only stuff worth having.This CD is weak,flat  and extremely uninspiring in its lack of diversity.Try Let It Be instead.
0671027344|5.0|This book is GREAT! A friend from school recommended it to me, and it's now my favorite book. I'm 15 years old, and I don't feel that any of the obstacles Charlie faces are unrealistic or extreme. His experiences are  actually normal, and many of my friends who've read the book can  relate--including myself. The Perks of Being a Wallflower deals with  everything teenagers face today, from experimentation with drugs,  relationships, &amp; homosexuality, to pregnancy &amp; family problems.  Most of the young people I know have experienced at least several of the  issues discussed in the book; nothing is far fetched. Anyone who feels that  too many things go wrong for the book to be to be &quot;believable&quot;  obviously doesn't know anything about being a young person today. This is  wonderful literature for adults, as well as adolescents.
B000002KHH|2.0|Here's is my theory: Black Sabbath buys Led Zeppelin's first two albums, listens to them over and over, and goes into the studio to record their first two albums, which is actually regurgitated pieces of Led Zeppelin's  first two albums. They even borrow the &quot;gloom and doom&quot; shtick,  but lack Zep's nuance, charm, insight &amp; humor. Paranoid is a monument  to schlock and artifice. Despite being derivative and clunky, however,  Black Sabbath inspired many others to likewise celebrate their lack of  virtuosity and musical calling, paving the way for punk rock. Paranoid is  an ugly job, but somebody had to do it.
0788812807|5.0|They were from two diffrent world's.  Lady was brought up in a very civlized world, while the Tramp lived a carefree life.  It seemed quite unlikely that these two would ever meet.  Lady's world suddenly changed  when her owner's Jim Dear and Darling went off on vacation and Aunt Sara  came to take care of the baby.  Aunt Sara did not like dogs and brougt  along with her two troublesome Siamese.  Thinking that Lady would attack  her cats, Aunt Sara took Lady to be fitted with a muzzle.  Lady ran away  and was chased by some bully dogs.  Tramp saved Lady and then took her to  the zoo where they were able to get rid of the muzzle.  Lady and the Tramp  began to fall in love while at an Itallian resturant, but there  relationship became strain when Lady was captured and taken to the pound.   It was there that she found out about all the other girls the Tramp had his  eyes on.  That didn't stop him from rescuing the baby from a rat.  Wrongly  accused, Lady's two friends, Jock and Trusty tracked down the dog catcher's  wagon and prevented them from destroying the Tramp.  Lady's owners were so  grateful that they adopted Tramp and next Christmas, Lady and her Tramp had  puppies.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I recommend this cd to anyone that like punk. This cd is the best of blink 182. Some people says that they aren't good because they're commercial. It's because they are good that they play at radio. <br />This cd RULES!
6303314015|5.0|a young cub who can't wait to be king.  his evil uncle plotting to dethrone the young cub and his father.  This movie made me laugh, cry, and just give a cheer.  The movie is about a young cub named Simba who is  chosen to follow in his father's pawprints and become king of the jungle.   But Simba's uncle Scar thinks that he should be king.  With the help of the  hyenas, Scar caused a group of wilderbests to stampede right were Simba was  waiting.  The scene is heart wrenching as we see Mufsa save his son only to  die at the hands of his brother Scar.  Scar then tells Simba that it was  his fault that his father died and exciled him.  With the help of Timon and  Pumba, Simba lived a life of carefree, until the day his childhood friend,  Nala came and tried to make him understand that he must return to the Pride  Lands and take his place as king.  With the help of Raffikee and his  father's ghost, Simba did indeed return to the pride lands and defeated  Scar.  Of course Simba choose the lovely Nala to be his queen and together  they had a cub that was one day to rule in Simba's place.
630521610X|5.0|First of all, I wouldn't recommend buying this DVD for it's &quot;Collector's Series&quot; features. Most of the features on the disc could have been included sans the &quot;C. Series&quot; tagline. If you  really need the TV commerical clips, the trailers, and other frills, then  get this DVD. Otherwise, buy the &quot;non-deluxe&quot; edition and save a  few bucks.<br />The movie itself is a must-have. Feb 4, 2000 was the release  date of SCREAM 3. If you don't know about the SCREAM trilogy, then don't go  see see SCREAM 3. You won't have a clue on what it is about.<br />Anyway,  horror/suspense fans should see the SCREAM series--starting with the  original flick. <br />Where else are you gonna see Neve Campbell, Drew  Barrymore, Courteney Cox (Arquette) and hubby David in the best slasher  fick to come along in quite some time? And on DVD, SCREAM looks and sounds  better than ever!
6305064490|5.0|One major misconception about It's a Wonderful Life is the nature of exactly what it is George Bailey learns that turns him from death.  It's blatantly obvious to us and to him how important he is to Bedford Falls.   We are made increasingly aware of this as the film progresses.  Clarence  the angel in trying to convince George Bailey how important he is to  everyone, exactly misses the point.  What George finally needs to realize  is how important Bedford Falls, his friends, his wife and family are to  him. This is something in all his fantasies of travel and fame he has never  allowed himself to acknowledge.  Home sickness was not an option.  I  believe this one of the main reasons the story of George Bailey is so  powerful. Self sacrifice alone is not enough.<br />I have also always been  impressed at just how dark all the undercurrents of this film are, despite  the &quot;CapriCorn&quot;.  In the end Disaster is averted (for now), but  one imagines Potter will get to keep the money that was the source of  George Bailey's most recent woes, and will remain the threat he ever was.   Attempts to create Light without Dark have spawned the worst kinds of  sentimental trash, but It's a Wonderful Life is decidedly not in that  category.
0345410025|5.0|I bought this book two years ago when I was 12 years old, and I must tell you that it was the best investment I have ever made.  In addition to being able to flawlessly remember facts in school for exams, I have developed the skills using Harry Lorayne's magical techniques to do some pretty amazing  things.  Thanks to this book, I can now in just five minutes time memorize:  a deck of cards, a sequence of 200 numbers, a numbered list of 100 items,  and much more.  Sound impossible?  It's not.  I can do it, and so will you  after you read this book.  This book has changed my life, and I'm still  only 14.  Look for my name in the 2001 Memoriad.
6303212263|3.0|This is not a knock of Superman, the Movie. Richard Donner's take on the the Man of Steel is a bit overlong, but is terrific, and features a wonderful cast, particularly young Christopher Reeve, who gives Superman a dignity not seen since George Reeves portrayed him, in the 1950s.<br />The  special effects are, for the most part, exceptional, particularly when you  consider that the digital technology we enjoy today was nonexistant in  1978. (It's for this very reason that George Lucas 'remade' Star Wars; we  can enjoy 'miracles' on screen today, thanks to the advancements of the  last few years.) The flying sequences have an airy poetry that had never  been seen in any live action 'Superman' prior to this film.<br />The problem  in S:TM lies in the quality of the master that the video transfers are  being made from. It has aged, and deteriorated considerably over the last  22 years. What compounds the problem is that the 'Krypton' sequence opening  the film was shot 'white on white', which shows the flaws and cracks on the  acetate master worse than any other color combination.<br />This is a  suggestion to Warner Bros...Create a remastered, cleaned-up original,  featuring the deleted scenes (which were aired when the movie was  'expanded' for its first television run), all the trailers, include the  'Making of' documentary, hosted by Reeves, that aired when the film was  first released, add in an audio track with commentary by Donner, Reeve, and  Hackman (getting Brando to participate is too much to hope for!), include  an 'audio only' track of John Williams' fabulous score. Those of us who love this film  (and there are a LOT of us!) would shell out the money for this truly  'special' presentation, and future generations would be able to see  'Superman' the way he was MEANT to be seen!
1572522232|4.0|Sure, the dubbing is off but for me it added to the movie.  It's a great combination of eery and camp with arguably the most effective soundtrack I've ever heard.  Turn out the lights and enjoy!
6305750750|3.0|Star Wars is by far the greatest sci-fi franchise there is, this coming from a Star Trek fan. Unfortunately, &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; does not live up to it's predecessors. Liam Neeson is a great actor but as  Qui-Jon Jinn, I saw only a two-dimensional actor. I suppose I am a little  prejudice; the regal status of Alec Guiness is a tough act to follow. I  give the movie 3 stars because of the action and special effects.  Lucasfilms does their usual excellent job appealing to the visual and audio  senses. The fight scene with Darth Maul, Qui-Gon Jinn and a young Obi-Wan  Kenobi is classic. I wish Darth Maul was used more in this movie because he  was awesome. Many people believe that Star Wars is about Luke Skywalker  saving the galaxy, but it is really about a savior created by the Force  (immaculate conception), Anakin Skywalker (played by young actor Jake  Lloyd). Looking at innocent Anakin, one could not help but wonder how such  a boy could become the evil villian Darth Vader. But young Lloyd earned his  pay by portraying his character in grand fashion. The movie would have been  better if Jar-Jar Binks, some type of amphibian idiot, was left out. Think  of Binks as Hong-Kong Phooey with gills using Ebonics. The Phantom Menace  lives up to the original with numerous aliens, including a young Jabba the  Hutt, but Lucas kind of overloads you with them. We get to see the home  world of the Jedi Council, Coruscant. Coruscant is a world where every inch  is covered with technology; visually stunning. And that's just it, the  entire movie is visually fascinating but lacks in what previous Star Wars  movies had, character interaction. As always, I will be looking forward to  the next installment, but I will be &quot;mindful of the past&quot; when I  &quot;look to the future&quot;.
B00000K19E|4.0|I saw it strictly for Keanu and wound up buying it.  The special effects are incredible -- but it's the storyline that grabbed me.  It's definitely not a movie to half-watch while you're paying bills and yacking on the  phone....but once you start watching you won't want to anyway.
B000002UAR|5.0|In my opinion one of the Beatles three best albums; the other's being &quot;The White Album&quot; and Abbey Road (Sorry Pepper fanatics-I judge on musical depth and quality, not social hype-I was born in '68).  To the  best of my knowledge, the British relase includes a couple of tracks not on  the American relase.  My faves are &quot;Here There and  Everywhere&quot;,  &quot;And Your Bird Can Sing&quot;, and the cryptic jam &quot;Tommorow  Never Knows&quot;.  A beautiful blend of all of the individual Beatles'  songwriting and musical talents.
6302994063|5.0|Baz Luhrmann at his finest.  This terrific film is really three movies in one.  First, there's the tremendous dance movie whcih centers on Scott Hastings (Paul Mecurio) and his struggles to introduce 'new steps' to the  sheltered world of Austrailian ballroom dancing.  For dance afficiandos,  despite the broad comedy that infuses the movie, the dancing is the real  thing.  Mecurio is a formally trained dancer and you simply can't fake,  edit, or body-double the moves he pulls off in this film.  Even if you're  not a dancer, Mecurio's athletiscism alone is worth seeing.<br />The second  movie is a Dirty Dancing-style, boy-meets-ugly-duckling tale. The story  allows you to peek behind the covers of a first generation Australian and  her awkward attempts to fit into a  new culture while maintaining her  European ties at home.<br />The third movie is what sets Strictly Ballroom  apart from the field - tremendously funny, broad caricatures squabbling  around the periphery of Scott and his struggle to bring his 'new steps' to  the Pan-Pacific Championships.  Pat Thompson is hysterical as Doug's mother  Shirley, and Bill Hunter is wonderfully over-the-top as dancing kingmaker  Barry Fife ('There are no new steps!').  But attention first-time viewers -  keep your eyes on Barry Otto as Scott's father, Doug Hastings.  This odd,  seemingly shell of a man is actually the  emotional core of the film.  He  provides the movies funniest moments (particularly - as other reviewers  have alluded to - a flashback sequence so over-the-top hilarious that it  defies description) and its most relevatory ones.<br />Play this film over and  over again and you will never be disappointed.
B000000Y1H|5.0|Right at this moment I have a nasty touch of the flu.  Listening to high priest Monk and co. (great work by the estimable Sonny Rollins) helps me through a sleepless night.  I can't think of a single western composer who  makes the absurd sound more right.  That and beautiful musicianship make  this recording a classic.  Thelonious Monk had a rare and beautiful gift.   One could do worse than this recording to begin discovering it.  Also  highly recommended; Thelonious Monk and John Coltrane: Live at the Five  Spot.  Peace.
034538072X|5.0|This story brings the social pressures of this period in history to life.  It goes into great detail of Henry VIII and his wives.  It is true that the book concentrates on his first wife, but he was married to her for a very  long period of time.  The others were relatively short marriages!  Very  interesting and it illustrates Henry and his character.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|If it were not for all the hype surrounding her so called &quot;debut&quot; album, this album would have failed completely.  Her videos are completely full of herself posing like a seuctress in effort to  boost sales of an album which cannot even boast musical talent.  She sounds  like any other person attempting to sing along with a radio song, maybe  worse.  It's a shame when latinos such as myself have to bash one of our  own, but be real, if she wasn't attractive to look at there would be no  album sales.  (And this is one of the male listeners speaking) The music  industry doesn't need another doll, let alone one with no vocal talent  whatsoever.  Don't quit the day job of acting, because your &quot;music  career&quot; isn't worth hanging on to.  Oh, and by the way, I wonder if  the words &quot;sell-out&quot; mean anything to you....it's great to be  Latin but not when certain folks use it solely to advance their  &quot;careers&quot;....
B00002R0MC|4.0|This is one album that was worth the money.  However, what fustrated me was the list of songs that are always on compilations! Why they published all the songs on previously released albums is beyond me, I just wished  that I could find a compilation that had all the unreleased and single  tracks.  It was Nice Time that made me buy this box set, and a few other  alternative takes.<br />But when will the record companies learn, this would  have been even better had it feature more unrealeased tracks, and less well  known tracks that are available, i.e. Kaya, et al.  Yes they are amazingly  good tracks, but to be honest you should buy the album, because it is a  classic!<br />let's see more compilations with unrelased tracks.
B000021Y77|5.0|I saw this film twice at the theater, a real rarity for me. I bought two copies of the DVD, (one for me and one for some family). I have seen all the tracks, specials, trailers, and commentary. I love this film. I even  prefer the German version with English sub-titles. This is great  film-making that doesn't take itself too seriously. The only gripe is the  English dubbed soundtrack lacks emotion and intensity. The music is  excellent! The actors are great! I feel like I took a trip to Germany for  the small cost of the DVD. The two lead actors make this film. The  director's techniques pack alot of information into a few frames. On a  scale of 1-10 it is definitely a 10!
6305308659|4.0|The promos for this movie got my attention; I rented it and then  watched it three times in fairly close succession...It spoke to me on  several different levels;  memories evoked from my days of early televsion viewing;  the fascination of the techological genius and the messages about making  judgements and  the subjugation of feelings.<br />Toward the end it suddenly  slowed down and wasn't as snappy..but I obviously thought it was worth it  to continue to watch..2 more times..because of all it DOES have going for  it.
630179513X|3.0|A few days after Doctor Emmett Brown's time machine gets hit by lightning, Marty McFly finds his grave. Marty then travels back in time to the Wild West in order to save his good friend Doc Brown from receiving a terrible  death.<br />A love story between Doc Brown and a school teacher will make this  picture dull and boring for audiences looking for action, or lots of  special effects. It is still entertaining, however.
6305308659|4.0|The promos for this movie got my attention; I rented it and then  watched it three times in fairly close succession...It spoke to me on  several different levels;  memories evoked from my days of early televsion viewing;  the fascination of the techological genius and the messages about making  judgements and  the subjugation of feelings.<br />Toward the end it suddenly  slowed down and wasn't as snappy..but I obviously thought it was worth it  to continue to watch..2 more times..because of all it DOES have going for  it.
0060976624|5.0|Fantastic send up of the pc crowd. Enjoyed this book from beginning to end. Looking forward to reading his next book.
B00000064G|5.0|If it weren't for VW I would've never become intrigued by the sparse and beautiful song &quot;Pink Moon&quot;, and therefore would not have bought this amazing CD. People who complain of commercialism are just disappointed  that an artist they had some imagined dibs on have become popular. Loosen  up! Nick Drake now has more fans (deservedly so) because of the commercial,  why keep such an amazing artist hidden? Getting off my soapbox, I just have  to say that this is now on my top ten best albums list. Nick Drake's PINK  MOON, is a glorious album!  I'm glad VW exposed him to me.
6303855474|4.0|It happens to be quite a coincidence that I found some Judge Dredd comic books in Spanish at a high school library mere months before it turned out that Sly Stallone would be playing this stern-faced cop of the distant  future. So my buddies and I all went to see it and boy, I was really blown  away by the very intoxicating ride through the high, tangled skyscrapers of  the futuristic New York City. Makes you feel like you're really there,  flying wildly through all those miles-high towers brightly flashing with  neon signs and obscene advertising. In fact, this is one of the most  powerful highlights of this dazzling sci-fi flick and the special effects  will truly explode right into your face as you hang on every fast-paced  action as Judge Dredd grimly chases all the bad guys! However, on the other  hand - there is a great deal of excessive violence, of course ... and yes,  even some grossness like that orge-like &quot;Mean Machine&quot; who would  GET MEAN every time the dial on his forehead is turned and there's this  scene where a man's arm gets stabbed with four syringe needles, causing  blood to gush right out all over the place! In addition, there are many  fans out there who complain about the title character taking his helmet  right off, thus disclosing his mysterious visage - but I don't really care.  In fact, I think &quot;Judge Dredd&quot; is one of the coolest movies I  have ever seen!
630417893X|5.0|This is a extremely elegant and stylish movie - the kind of spectacle that you just don't see any more, in a certain type of Technicolour that just isn't duplicated these days. Extremely witty and classic songs, a swish  script, and gorgeous costumes. Admittedly, it is eye candy, but what eye  candy! George Cukor directs it with true aplomb, turning  &quot;Titanic-era&quot; London into a stylised and colourful melée,  bringing out the humour and joyfulness of the screenplay, and Cecil  Beaton's extravagant and yet, somehow, chic costumes and sets form a  perfect setting for the actors - and the actors themselves are superb. Rex  Harrison is totally believable as Henry Higgins, mixing crustiness with a  very dry humour, whereas Audrey Hepburn looks just right as Eliza  Doolittle. One is forced to ponder what Julie Andrews would have done in  the role, following her playing the part on stage, but I just can't see  Eliza played by anyone other than Audrey Hepburn, who is, quite simply,  delicious. From the mawkish, ramshackle flower-girl, to the rebellious  pupil, to the cool and composed &quot;lady&quot; of the title, she is  perfectly credible, whether throwing a Cockney temperament, or floating  through the conservatory, calmly sending Professor Higgins about his  business. I am told her Cockney accent is awful, but being deaf, I cannot  comment; no more than I can comment upon the fact that apparently her  recording of &quot;Oh Wouldn't It Be Luverly&quot; has been reinstated upon  the soundtrack. The appeal for this film lies in its spectacle - I saw it  at the cinema once, in an arthouse revival, and it was utterly amazing -  and in the speech therapy storyline, which has a lot of relevance to me.  &quot;My Fair Lady&quot; is simply... a cinematic glory of a particular  type that would be impossible to duplicate ever again. The Ascot scene is  worth the money alone, a refreshing, gliding harmony of black and white,  choreographed and stylised escapism, totally summing up the essence of a  musical.<br />Ah, it's lu-ver-ly - Lu-ver-ly - Lovely!
630575067X|3.0|commpared to the first 3 movies episode 1 was no big deal and was overly hyped. the reson why most people still saw it was because it is star wars. the special effects were so-so for our times. The plot was o.k. though. all  in all it is a movie worth seeing but don't go out of your way unless you  love star wars.
B00003XB8K|4.0|Its okay, I mean if you are a fan you will like it, but I think this CD has lost a lot of attitude and spirit.
B0000025CP|3.0|This album is definitely one of the Priest's best, along with British Steel. And it sounds too 1978-ish now, and it is history more then art. I never like this band and even their best records look like some comix to  me. Absolutely best song on this album is not Priest's at all - Gary  Wright's Better By You Better Than Me. Listening this song I clearly  realize - this band just can't write music themselves.
B000002NHN|5.0|Beautiful, the most beatiful CD ever recorded by Lorenna Mckennit.  Her voice is beautil, like an angel.  A must by for fans and romantics everywhere.
0784011176|5.0|&quot;That Piano&quot; was definitely one of the best films of 1993.  The performances from the cast were spellbinding.  Holly Hunter certainly deserved the Best Actress Ocsar she earned for this performance.  It was a  while since l had seen her really fit a character like a glove since her  role in 1987 as a slightly cuckoo network television producer in  &quot;Broadcast News&quot;.  Even though she doesn't speak a work  throughout the entire movie, l got every emotion from her hands, face and  her playing of the piano.  Not many people know that Holly Hunter actually  did a portion of her own piano playing in the film.  Not all of it was done  by the composer, Michael Nyman.  Which leads my into the film's dramatic  score which was both haunting and dream-like.  Another point l would also  like to make is that director Jane Campion is the first and only  woman-director to be nominated for an Academy Award for this film. That is  quite the feat in itself if you ask me.  Newcomer Anna Paquin is  mesmorizing as the young daughter who finds out about her mother's extra  cirricular activities, if you know what l mean.  Anna Paquin would go one  to win the Oscar for best supporting actress at only the tender age of 11.   Wow !  I highly recommend this tale of love, sex, betrayal and  consequences.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This CD ROCKS!  the true metallica must buy this CD.  The best track I think is Minus Human on the second CD.  This song rocks and is worth buying the CD just for this song.
0684872153|5.0|This book was great. It was funny at times and then when you turned the page you feel tears falling from your eyes. This book was incredible. I read it in 2 days and loved it. I have seen the movie and loved that also,  although it was very depressing as well as the book. The book was better  though. I am going to start 'Tis but from what I hear it is not as good as  Angela's Ashes. Either way I will read it to find more about Frank  McCourt's Life. This book is highly recommended
B000004286|5.0|The most beautiful and glorious CD ever made,EVER! The emotion of love and romance is easily conveyed and felt in this CD.
B00000DATR|5.0|The second re-interpretation of Mike's Prime Opera is modern and refreshing. TBIII stands in the among the top five of Mike's finest examples and should be a MUST for anyone who likes good progressive rock  music.
B0000027DJ|5.0|ROCK ON FOREVER ALICE!  This CD ROCKS, and will rock forever!  He is the best rocker and makes the best music.
B0000365JA|5.0|Bryan Adams broke a lot of new ground since his 1993 greatest hits album &quot;So Far So Good&quot;. &quot;18 til i die&quot; was an amazing album, mixing pop &amp; hard rock together. his unplugged album again did the  unexpected, showing a whole lot of experimentation with various instruments  &amp; rearranging previous songs in a new style. then came &quot;on a day  like today&quot; which again, was very different, some songs dark &amp;  brooding, some gentle, some of them loud enough to blow your speakers. so  it's no wonder he's released another best of album!  this special  edition has a few extra stuff too. here's the track list:- 1. the best of  me 2. can't stop this thing we started 3. i'm ready 4. summer of '69 5.  Let's Make A Night To Remember 6. All for love 7. have you ever really  loved a woman? 8. run to you 9. cloud #9 (chicane mix) 10. (everything i  do) i do it for you 11. back to you 12. when you're gone 13. please forgive  me 14. the only thing that looks good on me is you 15.inside out. (bonus:  enhanced &quot;inside out&quot; video, special ghost track: don't give it  up (with chicane))  disc 2 has 5 live tracks: summer of '69, back to you,  can't stop this thing we started, have you ever really loved a woman?, rock  steady.  so what are you waiting for?
6302548195|5.0|The movie Pumping Iron is a true lifting movie.  I believe it is one of the most motivating movies i have ever seen.  I am a shotputter at Kutztown University and try to watch it before every meet.  This movie is not for  the faint of heart.  In order to understand the mentality of the man you  must be a true competitor and willing to do what the other guy is not.   Schwarzenegger said it well &quot;You must be willing to push yourself  through and beyond pain in order to get bigger&quot;.  He is absolutly  correct.  In order to be the best you can be in anything in life you must  be willing to push yourself more than your competition.  If this means you  lift until you puke, you do that, or you run until you calapse, you do  that.  I like to think i fit that picture, and this movie brings you to  that next level.
0380973464|5.0|Stephenson's writing style is unique: flippant, indulgent and fun.  He doesn't mind pausing for 2 or even 5 pages to set up the perfect metaphor.  You won't see a highly delinieated plot but a playful flow from scene to  scene through the book.  I found the characters interesting, the story  worthwhile, and the writing amazing. <br />I love it whole heartedly, but I'm  a Computer Scientist.  I understand the programs, the math, and the  cryptography which comes up from time to time.  People totally unfamiliar  with it will find these sections boring, possibly pompous.  I think you can  skip over these without losing the story.<br />Even though the writing style  is usually light-hearted, Stephenson does tackle big topics.  A major focus  is on the role of money in a society.  He also looks at anticipation being  more enjoyable than the actual event, especially in relationships.<br />If  you're a hacker - buy it without thought.  If you're not a hacker - stop by  a brick-and-mortar store, read a few pages, and, if you like what you see,  take a chance.  Truly, I can't think of a book I enjoyed more.  Besides, if  you read it you'll find out what the phrase &quot;the most cigarettes&quot;  means. :)
B000000OU0|3.0|If you're new to the Eagles, this is not the place to start (that would be Their Greatest Hits 1971-1975).  This is nowhere close to the Eagles at their best.  When this album came out in 1994 I was excited that the Eagles  were reuniting, and I was elated to have a new album by my favorite band.   Needless to say, I loved it and listened to it many times back then.  In  retrospect, the Eagles should played many more concert dates before  releasing recorded material.  Most of the recorded tracks pale in  comparison to the studio performances, and everyone involved gives a  tentative and lackluster performance (which is to be expected given the  limited time they had been back playing these songs together).  The song  selection leans heavily toward Henley, although many people probably don't  have a problem with that.  The four new songs are good, but do not stand  well along with the Eagles best work.  Another problem with the new songs  is that they don't emphasize the Eagles vocal harmonies-- NONE of them have  4-part harmony; Learn to Be Still features NO harmony vocals at all, only a  unison backing vocal from Frey.  But I guess we should take anything the  Eagles release as a gift and be thankful they got back together.
6302517052|5.0|this movie is great, great story line, great actors the works   this and critters 2 are the best out of the series (3 wasnt that bad either) but still critters is the best damn movie ive seen in years and number 2 is  even better well actually one is the best but 2 isnt bad either a must buy.  i havre two copies
B000002NE4|5.0|If it's Billy Holiday or Billy bragg that you curl up to at night with a bottle of spirits, you have every right to experience The Boatman's Call. This album is a lullaby that will rock or cry you to sleep. I advise  drinking way to much and making your partner dance with you slowly to  &quot;People Just Ain't No Good&quot; or &quot;Green Eyes&quot;. If they  are still there in the morning, Marry them!
B000001G89|5.0|Don't believe everything you read. Teresa Berganza's portrayal of Carmen is peerless. Her carefully considered interpretation lacks nothing in fire, it's just that Berganza gives a &quot;French&quot; reading rather than an  italianate one. This is as stylish and beautiful a Carmen as you will ever  get.
0783227272|4.0|I was immediately drawn into this movie, and stayed drawn in; I wanted to know what the fate of the Africans would be. The fact that this case really happened, and that it generated such disturbing political issues, mark it as an important story in U.S. history. And because the plot was based on a story which did happen, I cannot agree with the criticisms of those who faulted the movie because it portrayed whites saving blacks. I cannot see how to make the story otherwise and remain true to the original case.<br /><br /> On the other hand, the scenes where the whites triumphed on behalf of the blacks were indeed maudlin and sentimental in presentation, and did seem to send a message of &quot;See? Not all white people are so bad.&quot; Nonetheless, the portrait of Van Buren and the political scene of the time were strong reminders that there were plenty of whites at fault..........As for the criticisms by Hispanics that the movie portrays Spanish/Cuban people as villains, I do not see that.....As a person with Cuban ancestry, I think the movie portrayed pretty much what happened.....should Spielberg have tried to make the 2 Cuban slavers look sympathetic so as not to hurt Hispanic peoples' feelings? How should he have portrayed the queen of Spain? The Spanish royal family has always been subject to criticism, much of it from within Spain: look at the portraits painted by Goya of the Spanish court. The corruption of that institution could fill volumes.....<br /><br /> In viewing this film and then reading the reviews, one thing has become very clear to me: that both whites and minorities in this country still view history through their own special racial/ethnic lenses, and with a great deal of defensiveness....to move toward the values which Spielberg tried to put forth in Amistad, we must all strive for a little more objectivity.....
B00000J6AG|5.0|I had only heard of Moby before this from his song &quot;Oil 1&quot; from The Saint soundtrack. One of my friends is responsible for turning me onto one of the ten best CD's of my 900+ collection. I cannot even begin to tell  you how great this CD is. Usually &quot;GREAT&quot; CD's have 8 or 9 great  tracks out of 12. Every single track on this album is great. Of course some  stand out in my mind like the beautiful &quot;Porcelain&quot; and  &quot;Natural Blues&quot;, and the tropical island reminiscence of &quot;My  Weakness.&quot;  The combination of Old Jazz samples, modern techno beats,  and hauting vocals; works to perfection in creating one the the best albums  of all time, OF ANY GENRE! Moby's faith seems to play a large part in  creating an ethereal ambience of heaven! You don't have to be an arrogant  sophisocate to like this, just a lover of music. Buy it, and if you don't  like it, I will personally refund your money.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I usually don't buy Rock CDs. The last rock CD I bought was Third Eye Blind. I'm more proned to buying R&amp;B and Hip hop CDs, but Nookie was OFF THE HOOK! So I decided to take a chance on this album and it was worth  the money! My favorite songs are &quot;Nobody Like You,&quot; &quot;I'm  Broke,&quot; &quot;Break Stuff,&quot; &quot;Just Like This,&quot;  &quot;Nookie,&quot; &quot;9 teen 90 nine,&quot; &quot;N 2 Gether Now&quot;  and the hidden song with Matt Pinfield is GOOFY.
B00003CWPL|4.0|This is without a doubt the strangest movie I have ever seen.  It has no violence, no bad language, and very little sex, yet it is probably the most disturbing movie I have ever seen.  It is done in black and white and is  almost a silent movie.  This makes no sense what so ever.  I guess it is  good in the fact that it makes you feel different and it disturbs you.  Get  it, you will think different of movies.
0684800713|5.0|The greatest book of the Twentieth Century? &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; is certainly one of them. Its themes of alienation, isolation, loss and self-absorbtion are still highly relevant today. It centers around a group  of Americans in Europe whose penchant for drinking and merriment only just  conceals their overwhelming personal fears. Beneath their revelry lies a  deep disatisfaction, and it is this constrast that makes the characters so  fascinating. This is a book that is not to be missed. While it is not  heavily plotted, the story and its characters are unforgettable and  Hemingway's trademark writing style is at its best.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Eden is a masterpiece.  Sarah really shows her range and how her voice has improved, even from her time to say goodbye cd.  Her opera voice is increasing in volume and strength, altho she is drowned out some times by  the orchestra.  Whoever makes her cds needs to use better equipment and be  careful of that.  Her voice is soft, clear, and pure...such as in so many  things, dust in the wind, and deliver me..and in nessun dorma, she really  shows off her range and strength...simply beautiful!
B000002UTH|2.0|Although there are some enjoyable moments here, the CD is just far too simplistic in comparison to later RHCP albums.  After a few listens, there isn't really anthing special to keep you coming back for more - especially  with the weak lyrics.  Buy all later Red Hot CDs, especially &quot;Mother's  Milk&quot;, &quot;Blood, Sugar, Sex, Magic&quot; and  &quot;Californication&quot; and you'll be very happy!
0804106304|4.0|The Joy Luck Club was a very easy book to read and understand. The book tells the stories of four mothers and their daughters and the contrast between the way they were raised. The mothers were all raised in old  fashioned Chinese tradition, while the daughters were raised here in  America. There was a constant struggle for communication and understanding  between the mothers and their daughters trying to get the other to  understand them. The book was a little confusing because of the constant  switching between the character's stories, watching the movie helps to  discern which stories are which. Mooooo.....
0140386335|4.0|The Neverending Story is a book that anyone can enjoy, regardless of age and gender. It was better than I expected it to be and it's packed full of important themes. How Michael Ende came up with a great story like this  truly boggles the mind. I've seen the movie and liked it, but the book  explained what the real meaning of its' title. The only gripe that I had  with it were some of the character descriptions, some of them seemed rather  corny, either the product of Ende's intent or Manheim's translations. Other  than that, I consider this novel a first rate fantasy. Anyone, I think, who  reads it, will definetly think about Ende's thoughts that he expressed in  his book. It is clear that Michael wrote an entertaining fantasy, but he  also wanted the reader to think. The Neverending Story is about Bastion, a  depressed boy who dosen't seem to like himself too much. When he discoveres  that the land of imaginations' existence depends on his actions, he is  afraid and wonders what the Childlike Empress could want out of a anti-hero  such as himself. When he does save Fantasia, he becomes not only it's  savior, but also a supreme being. But his new-found powers make him very  vunerable to HIMSELF?  Read the book to see what I mean. The Neverending  Story is a book that its' readers won't forget for a long time, if ever.
6304981635|5.0|enjoy martial arts fight sequences? enjoy campy acting? enjoy MEMORABLE quotes? enjoy laughing? enjoy being in awe of a young sammo hung doing backflips?  GET THIS MOVIE.  &quot;Ghettos are the same all over the world.   They stink.&quot;  &quot;Your skill is extra-ordinary.&quot; &quot;You  have, our gratitude.&quot;  &quot;..or you will miss all the heavenly  glory.&quot;
B00002NDB1|1.0|Ive known (and loved) MAiden for a long time. I still do. But I was shocked when I heard this fiasco called &quot;VIRTUAL ELEVEN&quot;. Unbeliavable bad. THe song &quot;ANGEL AND A GAMBLER&quot; is a joke,  repeating its chorus endless times. &quot;FUTUREAL&quot; is a failed  attempt to reproduce tracks as &quot;BE QUICK OR BE DEAD&quot; and  &quot;ACES HIGH&quot;. &quot;THE CLANSMAN&quot; is pathetic, trying to be  an epic. Well, listen it yourself, but do yourself a favor: listen it first  from a friend, before buying it!
0812551508|4.0|I was told to read this for a class, and I wasn't too enhusiastic, but I started to read it. At first I didn't like it because it started off too slow. But when Victor went off to college the story really picked up and I  found myself not able to put it down.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Many critics didn't understand Kubrick's films and I have always had to repeatedly view his films to appreciate their full impact and beauty.  Eyes Wide Shut is no acception.  I look forward to its DVD release with great  anticipation.  What a tragic loss Stanley Kubrick is no longer with us.
B00000IBVC|5.0|This production is not an Arena di Verona type outdoor performance translocated to Beijing. It is a grandiose event on a gigantic scale of the kind Mehta specializes in. As far as the staging is concerned this is a  Turandot unlike any other. The location required and inspired a different  and impressive approach by the director Zhang Yimou: from the inclusion of  the Beijing Dance Academy to the unusual location of the choir. This  approach seems surprisingly appropriate, partly because all the action in  the drama takes place outdoors. Mehta doesn't need my endorsement in  Puccini. The singers are good to wonderful, depending on one's  expectations, but this doesn't matter because the issue here is THE EVENT.  This is the only opera DVD I have that takes advantage of many of the  possibilities in this medium. The list of the technical features is too  long. You can choose different camera angles, 6 subtitle languages, the  entire audio track and more. The picture quality is very well defined and  the audio has an unusual quality and balance that replicate the gigantic  outdoor scale.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Roberto Benigni is absolutely masterful in this foreign film.  Not a fan of foreign films and subtitles, I saw this movie for the first time with much skeptisism.   However, I found myself turning up the volume to listen  to the beautiful Italian as I read along.  As you watch this movie more and  more, the subtitles become non-existant.  If you are a fan of movies, this  is one for you!  Everyone loves this movie!  It's a winner, I promise!
0316548189|4.0|This book, A long walk to Freedom, was undoubtedly a very well written book. The life of Nelson Mandela appeared in vivid colors and it was simply amazing. I very much enjoyed the stories of Nelson going through schooling,  and most of all I enjoyed the very ending of the book because it had the  most amazing quotes to ponder. I wrote them down right away. This book is  definitely one to recommend because it is real. The details add  significance to even the littlest occurrances in Nelson Mandela's life.  Simply it was a fantastic story about a strong man fighting for his  freedom. He had the will to survive. What more of an inspirational book  could someone ask for!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby's latest CD &quot;Play&quot; is an incredible collection of music that moves your feet, mind and heart. There's not a weak cut on the album, although a couple of the songs come in at under 2:00 long. I'm hard to  please when it comes to music and this is the finest I've heard in YEARS.   Buy it and love it!
B000001Y79|5.0|I got this CD from a friend (I'm a big Save Ferris and LTC fan) And I'll admit I thought it was weird at first but it was the only CD in my collection I hadn't memorized, so I kept listening to it. Now it's my FAV  CD It LIVES in my CD player. I know practically every single word on the  thing! I really like the witty lyrics and unique style. Gwen Stefani is the  epitomy of smooth. She the &quot;lone reed&quot; standing amongst all the  Britney Spears, and Christina Augilera's. Its tough to pick out my favorite  song of the CD, because their all great in different ways, but I thing  &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; is exceptionally smart in the lyrics department.  This is an all around great CD, and Awesome band. I'll be the first to get  their new CD.
B000002J23|4.0|I just listened to this record for the first time in about ten years (in preparation for the Yes concert in London on 20/2/00).  This was the Yes album I was determined to hate.  How could they continue without Anderson?   Wakeman had left before, and would again, so that was no surprise, or  tragedy, but an album without the man who characterised the band?<br />As it  turned out, the instrumental core of Yes - Chris, Alan and Steve - were  still intact and more enthusiastic than at any time since 1977, and the  replacements lend a clean, dynamic touch to the record that was lacking  from the previous album.  <br />The massive chords and multitracked vocals are  precursors to the 1990s Yes, and the production values point the way to  90125.  Most reviewers feel this is the album that took Yes into a new era.   True, but they also have their feet in the virtuosic brilliance of the  earlier records.<br />The Drama lineup could never last, and the album has the  feel of a transitional work.  But Yes would arguably never have survived  without this record, and its influence remains in The Ladder, Union, Open  Your Eyes and the Rabin albums.  In the upcoming concert, I would love to  hear the current lineup doing Into The Lens or Tempus Fugit, and publicly  acknowledge the pivotal role this record played in keeping the Yes flame  burning.
B000001Y79|5.0|I originally bought this cd for my brother shortly after it came out. He listened to it for a while, and then his taste got a little harder (i.e. bizkit, korn etc. ) so I started listening to it, and I only listened to  &quot;Just a Girl&quot; and &quot;Don't Speak&quot; for a while and then  one day I just listened to the whole cd, and I love it!  It's the only cd  that I own that i can listen to all the way through without wanting to skip  around. I think Gwen Stefani is so cool, and I think its great that their  lyrics actually say somthing other than &quot;I want you&quot; or  &quot;Let's go out and kill someone&quot; they certainly have something  different to say, and I'm definately eagerly awaiting their new album.
B00000064F|5.0|I first heard Bryter Latyr when I rented it from our local library. I had heard of the name, Nick Drake, several times in reference from other musicians, yet I had never actually heard his music. I found this, took it  home, put it in the CD player and pressed play. I was instantly hooked.  I've finally bought it after having it on tape for several years. Whether  you've just come across Nick Drake from the recent VW commercial or like me  or wandered upon him rather by accident and intrigue, you've found an  artist whom you will enjoy the rest of your life. Pour yourself a cup of  tea, sit down, gaze out a window, listen..... all this was wrtiien by a DJ  who spins techno and house music!
B000000OAL|5.0|This is undeniably the most underrated debut album in rock history. It is crisp and clean. This is a true masterpiece. No Queen fan should be w/out it.
B00000064G|5.0|Buy this at once... or buy all four at once with Fruit Tree box set. It's good to see Nick Drake's music used in the VW commercial. More Nick Drake recordings will be sold than VWs I'm sure! Funny thing is, apparently he  loved to drive. Pink Moon may seem sad but it's oh so beautiful.
B00001PE4D|2.0|. . . in Sebastian's words in the narrative - people do not change overnight. My wife wanted to see this, I sat with her but it wasn't my cup of tea. I felt utterly depressed when after a promising start with a witty  set of lines and an interesting scenario, it plummetted into cheap  sentimentality. UUURRGGGHHH. What would have livened this up more would be  steamier sex scenes and perhaps Mel Gibson and Danny Glover steaming on  screen and blowing all these jumped up, obnoxious spoilt little rich kids  away for their sins. IT WAS ALL TOO TAME!  This is a movie for teenagers  who have no brain and think it's cool to mess people around. Any wonder  with movies like this about that there's a decline in moral values of  commitment to those you love, without resorting to oh-so-filmic irrational  behaviour? I think I'll stick with action movies - at least there's a  difference between right and wrong. And I'm a special effects freak. Sorry,  but I guess I don't appreciate CHICK FLICKS. At least this did have some  decent music in, though, by bands such as Blur, Verve and Marcy Playground,  so it gets two stars for that and the first section.
B000000HTM|4.0|I don't even like prog rock but I love this album. &quot;Plague of Lighthouse Keepers&quot; is everything prog rock is supposed to be but very rarely is, alternately scary, ambitious, beautiful, grandiose and plain  MAD! The two other tracks are not bad either! With the instrumental  brilliance of the band (Guy Evans is an astonishing drummer) and Peter  Hammill's distinctive over-wrought vocals it's easy to forget that one of  Hammill's greatest strengths as a writer is his melodic sense - it's all  over this album. In spite of the &quot;difficulty&quot; of the music, this  makes this actually one of VDGG's most listenable albums - especially to  non-prog rockers like yours truly.
6305718911|5.0|Stigmata's photography is glorious, gritty, and mystical to say the least. Lusty Patricia Arquette's chance encounter with a Rosary ends up a revelation to even Fr. Gabriel Byrne (an Irish favorite). &quot;How is your  faith Catholic Church?&quot; should be the quote since the faith was on  trial and rightfully so. The writer, undoubtedly prophetic, stated, in a  literary way, through a lost Gospel written in Aramaic by Jesus Christ,  that God is inside of us and we need no go- between but Christ himself.  Sacrilege may have been the intention of the filmmakers, some have said,  but, truth be told, it ended up being the truth--God is in us not in a  church. Brilliant directing, fine acting, and another fine portrayal by  Jonathan Pyrce. Loved every minute of the film and so will you--if, of  course, you have the faith.<br />Felecia Constance Rowe, CEO, Teardropfilms,  Ltd.
B0000025YW|2.0|This album contains Accept's only good song: the title-cut.  And what a song it is!   Simple, hypnotic, exciting, pure, unforgettable; just brilliant!   It still sounds fresh even today.  In spirit, it belongs on  either Metal Heart or Restless and Wild.  BTTW has nothing to do with the  rest of the material found on this album--their darkest and what  &quot;sounds&quot; like their best.  The production is also the best of any  Accept album.  &quot;Except&quot; for this song, I'm not a fan of this  band.  So I'll just leave it at that...
B0000025YM|5.0|My favorite Priest album of the 80s!  &quot;Love Bites&quot; is one of their greatest songs; ranking right up there with &quot;Victim of Changes.&quot;
B0000025YM|5.0|My favorite Priest album of the 80s!  &quot;Love Bites&quot; is an absolute classic!
0312853238|5.0|Ender's trilogy is got to be one of the finest series of books in any genre. I am extremely pleased with this as with the others. With it wisedom imparting philosophical dialog to its hints of suspense and action, it is  truely the best of the best.
B00002R0MC|5.0|40 out of the 42 preceeding reviews give this 5 stars (the other 2 give 4 stars). This in itself tells a story. Most box sets are usually for the devoted, but I feel that this one can work as an introduction to the  brilliance of Bob Marley. It ranges from his early ska roots to the more  refined hits of Redemption Song and One love. However, if you are a bit  nervous about spending this much, rather get Legend, once that has worked  it's spell on you, you can then progress to this. (Be warned though that  this was unavailable for a good while so don't delay too long). One listen  to this and you will realise that Marley IS reggae. Essential for Marley  fans.
B00000ILBK|4.0|When I first saw Insurrection, I had high hopes for it. When I left the theatre, I wasn't disappointed. Sure, there isn't a lot of action in this one like there was in First Contact, but it is still a great movie. My  favorite scene is where Geordi, with his newly regenerated eyes, is seeing  a sunrise for the first time. I am legally blind, and this scene was a very  touching moment for me. The DVD is great, but the only downside is the lack  of extras. The only extras are the two trailers and a short behind the  scenes bit. I would have liked more, which is the only reason I did not  give 5 stars. Other than the lack of extras, this is a great addition to  the Star Trek universe.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I'm not much for writing reviews, but I simply had to help get the word out. When I first heard of this album, I was prepared for the worst. I am a die hard fan of Metallica's, and had no idea what to expect. But from the  very first notes played, I was in awe. Every one of the songs seems as if  this was how they were meant to be played. As long as you are a fan of  either genre, you should be impressed. This is, in my opinion, simply the  best album produced by any group in a long time. And quite possibly ever.
B000046PVN|5.0|Nearly 22 years ago I sat in a packed theatre (that doesn't exist anymore) with my father and two childhood chums and had an experience that was to forever change my destiny.  We were seeing &quot;Superman the Movie&quot;  for the first time.     Listening to portions of this new release, many  cuts of which have never been available before, moved me to tears because,  for a time, I was that small boy again seeing his, and the world's,  favorite Superhero really soar on the big screen.     This recording is  everything any fan of Superman, the Superman film, and/or John Williams  could hope for.  All the cues are here, even some I thought definetly  wouldn't be as they are only heard in the &quot;TV versions&quot; of the  film.     It is most definetly worth the price and the long wait.  Many  fans may feel that since they have the original Williams CD (perhaps even  the original record which had two extra cuts) and the John Debny recording,  so why bother?  Believe me, bother!  You'll never regret it.      This is  the release for all fans who've always felt that this score was Williams'  best alongside the Star Wars trilogy.   Of special note are the  &quot;Misguided missles and Kryptonite&quot; and &quot;Star Ship  Escapes&quot; cues.  Also the  &quot;Chasing rockets&quot;,  &quot;Superfeats&quot;, and &quot;Super Dam and Finding Lois&quot; cues  that are FINALLY  complete and in the proper sequence!   Rhino has thrown  in plenty of extras as well, from added &quot;bonus&quot; tracks to an  actual book about the film and music filled with fascinating information  and pictures.  Finally, masterpiece treatment for a masterpiece!
B00003CWTI|5.0|Magnolia starts out as 7 or 8 separate vignettes, each focusing on one individual in this ensemble cast. As the long (3hr) movie progresses, you can see the relationship that is weaved between each of these characters.  This complex movie is superbly acted and directed -- otherwise it would be  a mess of conflicting stories. At just over 3 hours long, Magnolia moves  quickly enough and holds your attention up until the final scene. Tom  Cruise's Oscar nomination is definitely warranted here, and Aimee Mann's  songs are the glue that holds the multiple plots together. Julianne Moore  is spectacular as the harried wife of dying Jason Robards, and Philip  Seymour Hoffman is a standout as Robards' male nurse. A complex story with  the whole range of emotions, this is a definite must see.
B000035P7S|5.0|This has to be one of my favorite movies of all time.  Being in the military myself, and stationed in places like Korea and Japan, I can relate totally to what is depicted in this movie, for I have lived it.  Red  Buttons portrays an airman who understands oriental ways, and yet is  confounded by them at the same time.  Marlon Brando approaches his role  with sensitivity and a little bit of the ol' military bravado.  Miiko Taka  and Miyoshi Umeki are two of the most lovely Japanese women I've ever seen.   James Garner adds a bit of humor to a touching love story. Check out the  lovely costumes, kimonos and colors in the movie.  And listen to the  various renditions of Irving Berlin's song &quot;Sayonara.&quot;  My  favorite is the jazzy version you hear on the radio at Joe Kelly's house.  Watch this movie and you won't go wrong!
1558908382|5.0|Not only does this movie have one of the best soundtracks around--both I and II, buy them both, infact order them NOW!--but it has John Cusack--a man once called Jimmy Stewart in a Fishbone T-shirt.  Its true, Cusack  manages to play a character who makes a living killing people for hire,  play the character convincingly, AND make us like and feel sympathy for  him.  Watching Martin (Cusack's character) deal with his old high school  friends and explain to his ex-girlfriend why he stood her up at the prom  reminds you of Cusack being in all those 80's movies in the first place.   Its as if Lloyd Dobbler took a wrong turn somewhere and ended up as an  assasin.   The other thing this movie has going for it is the presense of  Joan Cusack--possibly a better acter than her brother, every scene she is  in is a delight.  I know she is busy being a mom, but I wish she would make  more movies!  Buy The Movie!  Buy the Soundtrack!  Go to your High School  Reunion!
6304826133|3.0|Cop Land is an interesting and at times gripping film primarily for Stallone's excellently performed, well-designed character, and the utter lack of romanticism of the story. It is low-key, deliberately paced, and  rather stark at points. There are sequences of direction which are quite  well-handled and affecting. The major detracting factors are the  unnecessary and unwelcome tag-on &quot;moral message&quot; at the end of  the film (luckily, it is delivered solely through the use of a very  brief  last-minute narration, and so can be easily ignored and dismissed), and Ray  Liotta. He's just really quite bad. Aside from the fact that he is  over-acting painfully, and miscast, he also constitutes the films one  truly, excruciatingly cliche moment. And it comes in the middle of such an  otherwise fantastic scene! It took away so much ... &lt;sigh&gt;. To tell  the truth, I could've done without Janeane Garofalo too. Nothing against  her in particular, but she just seemed out of place ... like ... &quot;Hey,  look -- it's Janeane Garofalo as a poorly-scripted cop. How cute.&quot;  Still, although not exactly a great film, this movie does have some  interesting things going for it -- it's worth seeing if you're interested  in seeing it, so long as you're not expecting an action movie, or something  that is working off of typical Hollywood sensibilities.
0684800713|4.0|It seems that Hemmingway readers are divided into two distinct camps. There are those who adore Hemmingway for literary and life-style reasons and those who abhor his writing altogether. Whenever I present my mild  appreciation of Hemmingway to members of either extreme, they become irate.  The former, tell me he's a genius, while the latter argue that  a child  could write like Hemmingway. Frankly, they are both wrong.<br />&quot;The Sun  Also Rises&quot; contains much of the fuel that Hemmingway haters consume.  The writing is quite simple and much of the dialog is strained and even a  bit macho. The novel, in their opinion, could be construed as a hundred  plus page promotion of the Hemmingway life style. It's got travel,  brawling, love, conflict, fishing, bullfighting, and a lots of fun  sportsman line stuff. It contains a Hemmingway motif that I've never really  liked, namely discourse of the glamorous yet victimized war hero.  <br />Hemmingway lovers will counter these arguments by pointing out that  simplicity in writing and dialog is not a bad thing, especially when the  author uses it as self-consciously as Hemmingway does. True, the language  is a bit strained and macho, but the story is, after all, narrated by an  adventurous and heartbroken World War I veteran. I can't imagine this  person and his expatriate colleagues engaging in the subtle, serpentine  conversations found in a Henry James novel. As for the travel, the  bullfighting, and the other activities that we have come to associate with  the Hemmingway lifestyle-so what? It's a great travelogue among other  things.<br />I guess my own opinion is largely in favor of Hemmingway although  I agree with a lot of his critics. Hemmingway is a great story teller and  &quot;Sun Also Rises&quot; is an exceptionally good story. Hemmingway's  language is imperfect but certainly adequate. Ultimately, I read literature  to be transformed to another place or state of mind and Hemmingway  certainly accomplishesthat for me.<br />To Hemmingway's critics, I would  argue that one does not have to be subtle, nor write a novel of ideas to be  a great author. To his proponents I would also argue that the man is a good  writer, a great story teller, and a fascinating character in his own right,  but certainly not a genius.<br />I recommend &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; to  anyone interested in a good story, a unique writing style, and an  interesting portrayal of the so called &quot;lost generation&quot;.
B000002UJQ|5.0|despite what some reviewers and the band itself may say, OK computer is obviously a concept album. first, try comparing the first 4 songs with birth. conception takes place in airbag, development in paranoid android  and SHA, and then birth in exit music, all cleverly disguised with  metaphors. let down is obviously about being born into a world that is much  less than you had hoped. after that, the next part of the story is more  debatable, and could be about the dehumanization of humans by computers as  the critics say, but i prefer to think that it gives a bigger picture than  that.
B00000IKSC|5.0|This is the very best BSB video yet!  The boys get to do their solo, showing off their true talents. They also do a beatiful acapella version of &quot;Just To Be Close To You.&quot; Anyone who loves the Backstreet Boys  should get this video now! (During AJ's solo, you'll be left :p~~~~~ which  means &quot;drooling&quot;)
B0000057C5|5.0|Well what can i say...this guys sure do know how to freaking rock. Eventhough i am an industrial fan, every know and then it's nice to partake in some metal and Rammstein is the only metal i listen too. Mizing  kraftwerkian synth, with damn cathcy and pretty repeptetive guitar rifts,  they achive a perfect balance of electro and aggro. Till does a magnificant  job on vocals, i was really impressed. So if you're intrested in a clean  metal beats, mixed with old school electro, this cd is for you.
6305750750|5.0|I was 12 when the original Star Wars came out, and for a brief time I felt like I was 12 again when I saw Phantom Menace. The first time I was a little disappointed, but a funny thing happened when I went back once, twice, then three times -- the movie grew on me. I began to see very interesting subtleties. Very disturbing parallels between world events and events in the movie. There is clearly a much deeper level to the movie than what most 12-year-olds will notice.<br /><br />Most noteworthy, the movie came out a month after the Columbine High School massacre, which was only a few miles from my home. The movie, as well as the killings, made me reflect on how a cute little boy could possibly mutate into a ruthless killer.<br /><br />It is clear to me that George Lucas deliberately set out to create a movie that was a little sillier and more frivolous than the earlier three. The contrast between Phantom Menace and Episode III (where, no doubt, lots of good people are going to die) should be very striking. Then, I think, people will understand Phantom Menace much better.<br /><br />What could Mr. Lucas have done differently with the movie? Not much, that I can see.
B0000057C5|5.0|Well what can i say...this guys sure do know how to freaking rock. Eventhough i am an industrial fan, every know and then it's nice to partake in some metal and Rammstein is the only metal i listen too. Mizing  kraftwerkian synth, with damn cathcy and pretty repeptetive guitar rifts,  they achive a perfect balance of electro and aggro. Till does a magnificant  job on vocals, i was really impressed. So if you're intrested in a clean  metal beats, mixed with old school electro, this cd is for you.
078323077X|3.0|I thought that the Jackal was a good movie.  There is plenty of action and Willis is smart.  I don't know where the other people who reviewed this were coming from.  If you like action then you will like this movie
B00003IPFK|5.0|While this movie has a myriad of stars and character actors, it falls on the shoulders of one critical character to make or break this movie.  <br />The character of Augustus McCrae is the centerpiece of this movie and it  is played masterfully by Robert Duvall.  He fills the character well, as a  swaggering, lazy, easy going, aging and yet skillful ex-Texas Ranger that  goes on one last wild ride, to move 2,600 head of cattle from Lonesome  Dove, Texas to Montana.  <br />He is well supported by his best friend Woodrow  Call (played by Tommy Lee Jones), who is resigned to play the straight  faced second fiddle, but does an excellent job.  Robert Urich also does a  fabulous job as the dashing, but unreliable Jake Spoon (Robert  Urich).<br />The supporting characters are also fully fleshed out and 3  dimensional, the best were the motherly Claire Allen (Anjelica Huston); the  vulnerable Lorena Woods (Diane Lane), The innocent Newt Dodds (Rick  Schroder), the inhumane Blue Duck (Frederic Forrest) and the caring Joshua  Deets (Danny Glover).  <br />This mini is long, so it devotes a full nights  entertainment, but this soap opera on the range is some of the best TV ever  made.
B000009ED0|5.0|I like Kid Rock, so of course I'm going to praise this cd.  This cd has everything I like: up-beat tunes, catchy lyrics, and awesome rythmns.  I do warn you, there is ALOT of swear words in here.So, if you don't like cuss  words on a cd, this is a cd you shouldn't buy. If you like hard core rock  and roll, this is a perfect cd. All in all, this cd is great!
0345423496|2.0|Arthur C. Clarke's 3001: The Final Odyssey is the not so thrilling conclusion to the space odyssey series. 3001 brings back Heywood Floyd, one of the main characters from the original book (2001: A Space Odyssey),  reviving him into a different world where he saves all of humanity. While  the book does not compare well to the original masterpiece, it is indeed  better than the two before it, which just seemed to bad copies of the  original. 3001 brings back many of the things that worked for the original,  such as Floyd, but does not emulate the plot of a space journey gone awry.  The book also contains more than its fair share of faults. While Arthur C.  Clarke does not copy the previous plot, he copies a whole chapter from the  previous book (2061: Odyssey Three), and while reading the chapter one can  not stop from thinking that Clarke has run out of material. 3001's greatest  fault of all is its conclusion; what seems should be the most thrilling  part turns out to be the worst. After careful consideration of the pros and  cons, it seems that the faults outnumber the strengths. I also start to  wonder why I read it at all. Huge science fiction fans should not give up  on the book, but overall one should just read 2001 and be content not to  read the rest.
B00EODU3H4|5.0|I originally wrote a review for the original Princess Mononoke DVD over 14 years ago. My, how time flies! I've kept the old review below for nostalgia, but since I recently got the Japanese Blu-Ray release of this film, I wanted to give an update.<br /><br />Blu-ray is definitely the way to see this fantastic movie.  If you're considering importing this blu-ray, I'm going to already assume you are in love with the movie and/or have already seen it, but if you haven't there are tons of other reviews to describe the film, suffice it to say I recommend it.  Also, I wanted to reconfirm that YES this blu-ray will work with a US blu-ray player.  It is a Region Free (0) disc so it will work in any region, but FYI, even if it was Region A it would still work in a US blu-ray player since both Japan and the United States are in Region A.  HOWEVER, it is NTSC (the video format used in the US, Japan, etc.) -- so if you have a PAL player (like those in Europe), it probably won't work even though its region free.<br /><br />PACKAGING:<br />The Japanese packaging puts Disney's to shame.  It's very minimalist, just the title and little kodama character on the front, but I love the austere aesthetic.  Very simple and to the point, and it matches well with the other Japanese blu-ray releases.  Made from metal presumably, the case is surprisingly heavy for its size, and cool to the touch.  It opens up like a book, and contains a little pamphlet in the left compartment that probably includes details about the disc in Japanese, but also includes full-color illustrations of movie posters for the movie. Very classy presentation.<br /><br />VIDEO QUALITY:<br />The same quality and care that's been given to all of the other Ghibli blu-ray releases has extended to Princess Mononoke as well.  Unlike Ghibli's other movies, the landscapes have such rich details that it really adds to the experience to watch this in blu-ray.  This movie was really meant to be remastered into HD.  1080p blu-ray really does this movie justice.  The colors are stunningly bold.  You can see all of the line-work and details.  Since this movie was traditionally animated, it brings the animation alive. It is LEAPS AND BOUNDS better than the DVD release.<br /><br />For a specific example: see the scene where the demon boar attacks the village and battles Ashitaka at the beginning of the film.  In the DVD version, there is an INTENSE amount of blocking and pixelation when rendering the &#34;tentacles&#34; on the boar squirming so fast, but in blu-ray the scene is perfect without any issues.<br /><br />AUDIO/SUBTITLE QUALITY:<br />I've only seen the movie in Japanese with English subtitles and English, so I can't speak to the other tracks (although I've tried each of them out for kicks in a scene or two just to see how the languages compare).  For a list of all the tracks, see the specs section below.  Both English and Japanese have gotten an upgrade - English from 2.0 to 5.1 Dolby Digital (still lossy), and Japanese from Dolby Digital 5.1 to DTS HD 5.1 (lossless audio).  The Japanese track is clear and crisp, as perfect as you can get.  The accompanying English subtitles are very well translated.  The English audio track (the old 1997 theatrical dub with Claire Danes, Billy Bob Thornton, Gillian Anderson, and others) is also clearly improved, but not as crisp as the Japanese track.  I was really happy with both, although I always have a soft spot for the English dub since its how I was introduced to the film even though it admittedly has corny performances.<br /><br />EXTRAS:<br />This release also includes a lovely 20 minute documentary entitled &#34;Princess Mononoke in USA&#34; subbed in English which chronicles the stateside promotion of the film.  It was a really interesting piece to watch.  However, there wasn't really anything else of interest in the extras.<br /><br />PROS:<br />+ It's the only blu-ray option available for US fans at the moment (and Disney will likely be holding back on releasing it in the US until AT LEAST 2015 -- probably even later).<br />+ The video quality is amazing.<br />+ Enjoyable mini-documentary in the extras.<br /><br />CONS:<br />- It's extremely expensive compared to US blu-rays. However: the Japanese MSRP prices for blu-rays are typically higher than the US for all blu-rays (the MSRP price for this is about $65).  Import shipping times might be another con, but I've seen sellers offer Prime shipping so you can really get this in as little as 1-2 days like American DVDs/Blu-Rays.<br />- It's a little light on the extras.<br /><br />SPECS:<br />Since the description field is pretty sparse for this item, below are the actual specs for this blu-ray.<br />Catalog No: VWBS-1490<br />JAN/ISBN: 4959241749796<br />TV Standard: NTSC<br />Blu-Ray Region: 0 (All Region / Region Free)<br />Aspect Ratio: 16:9<br />Running Time: 133 minutes<br />Blu-Ray Release Date: Dec 4, 2013<br /><br />Audio Tracks: Japanese DTS HD 5.1ch, Japanese Linear PCM 2ch Stereo, English Dolby Digital 5.1ch, Cantonese Dolby Digital 2.0ch Surround, Mandarin Dolby Digital 2.0ch Surround, Korean Dolby Digital 2ch Stereo, French Dolby Digital 5.1ch, German Dolby Digital 2.0ch Surround, Finnish Dolby Digital 5.1ch, Spanish Dolby Digital 5.1ch, Italian Dolby Digital 5.1ch, Portuguese Dolby Digital 5.1ch<br /><br />Subtitle Tracks: Japanese, English, Cantonese, Mandarin, Korean, French, German<br /><br />Extras: Storyboards picture-in-picture mode with the film, Voice-over Script in Japanese, &#34;Princess Mononoke in USA&#34; documentary (20 minutes - Japanese audio, English subtitles), Japanese Trailers/TV Spots<br /><br />---------------------------------------<br />OLD REVIEW<br />---------------------------------------<br />February 16, 2000<br />&#34;One of the best movies I had ever seen.&#34;<br /><br />I, being not an &#34;anime&#34; fan, was very critical of this movie when I heard of it.  &#34;Anime?  From Japan?  Demon-boar gods?  Take it away, please.&#34;  Once, I went to go see it (to laugh about how stupid  it was afterward) and was blown away.  The graphics were superb and the  plot endearing.  I love this movie and hate all other anime movies.  Compared to any anime movie I had ever seen, including Mulan, this was a  giant of its kind.  The lush landscapes were enchanting and the Great  Forest enrapturing.  What was really good though was the plot.  This was no  &#34;Kiki's Delivery Service&#34; or &#34;Pokemon&#34; movie!  It was a  riviting tale about a young man's journey to remove a curse.  Now, I  haven't seen the Japanese version (I was told that it loses some of its  beauty from Japanese to English), but if it is anything like I saw, it must  have been very good as well.  I especially liked the Kodama, little  people who hop around and click their heads (sounds strange, doesn't it?),  and Moro, the wise Wolf-goddess and somewhat mother to San, or Princess  Mononoke.  I don't know where they got the vice cast for this thing, but  someone had to have been promoted!  Billy Bob Thorton, Jada Pinkett Smith,  Clair Danes, Gillian Anderson, and Minnie Driver were just a few stars from  it!  My favorite character of all though, was Moro whose wise and  intelligent black eyes seem to come alive in the movie.  The pure passion  of this character can make anyone respect her.<br />  I hope this movie  comes to DVD and video soon, because I want to show my still skeptical  friends how good this movie really is.  They will be amazed that this is  anime.lding back on releasing it in the US until AT LEAST 2015 -- probably even later).<br />+ The video quality is amazing.<br />+ Enjoyable mini-documentary in the extras.<br /><br />CONS:<br />- It's extremely expensive compared to US blu-rays. However: the Japanese MSRP prices for blu-rays are typically higher than the US for all blu-rays (the MSRP price for this is about $65).  Import shipping times might be another con, but I've seen sellers offer Prime shipping so you can really get this in as little as 1-2 days like American DVDs/Blu-Rays.<br />- It's a little light on the extras.<br /><br />SPECS:<br />Since the description field is pretty sparse for this item, below are the actual specs for this blu-ray.<br />Catalog No: VWBS-1490<br />JAN/ISBN: 4959241749796<br />TV Standard: NTSC<br />Blu-Ray Region: 0 (All Region / Region Free)<br />Aspect Ratio: 16:9<br />Running Time: 133 minutes<br />Blu-Ray Release Date: Dec 4, 2013<br /><br />Audio Tracks: Japanese DTS HD 5.1ch, Japanese Linear PCM 2ch Stereo, English Dolby Digital 5.1ch, Cantonese Dolby Digital 2.0ch Surround, Mandarin Dolby Digital 2.0ch Surround, Korean Dolby Digital 2ch Stereo, French Dolby Digital 5.1ch, German Dolby Digital 2.0ch Surround, Finnish Dolby Digital 5.1ch, Spanish Dolby Digital 5.1ch, Italian Dolby Digital 5.1ch, Portuguese Dolby Digital 5.1ch<br /><br />Subtitle Tracks: Japanese, English, Cantonese, Mandarin, Korean, French, German<br /><br />Extras: Storyboards picture-in-picture mode with the film, Voice-over Script in Japanese, &#34;Princess Mononoke in USA&#34; documentary (20 minutes - Japanese audio, English subtitles), Japanese Trailers/TV Spots<br /><br />---------------------------------------<br />OLD REVIEW<br />---------------------------------------<br />February 16, 2000<br />&#34;One of the best movies I had ever seen.&#34;<br /><br />I, being not an &#34;anime&#34; fan, was very critical of this movie when I heard of it.  &#34;Anime?  From Japan?  Demon-boar gods?  Takeit away, please.&#34;  Once, I went to go see it (to laugh about how stupid  it was afterward) and was blown away.  The graphics were superb and the  plot endearing.  I love this movie and hate all other anime movies.  Compared to any anime movie I had ever seen, including Mulan, this was a  giant of its kind.  The lush landscapes were enchanting and the Great  Forest enrapturing.  What was really good though was the plot.  This was no  &#34;Kiki's Delivery Service&#34; or &#34;Pokemon&#34; movie!  It was a  riviting tale about a young man's journey to remove a curse.  Now, I  haven't seen the Japanese version (I was told that it loses some of its  beauty from Japanese to English), but if it is anything like I saw, it must  have been very good as well.  I especially liked the Kodama, little  people who hop around and click their heads (sounds strange, doesn't it?),  and Moro, the wise Wolf-goddess and somewhat mother to San, or Princess  Mononoke.  I don't know where they got the vice cast for this thing, but  someone had to have been promoted!  Billy Bob Thorton, Jada Pinkett Smith,  Clair Danes, Gillian Anderson, and Minnie Driver were just a few stars from  it!  My favorite character of all though, was Moro whose wise and  intelligent black eyes seem to come alive in the movie.  The pure passion  of this character can make anyone respect her.<br />  I hope this movie  comes to DVD and video soon, because I want to show my still skeptical  friends how good this movie really is.  They will be amazed that this is  anime.
6305546797|5.0|In 1978, John Carpenter directed one of the most influential horror films of all time, Halloween. It is the Citizen Kane of slasher films for its ingenious theme music, Carpenter's brillant presentation, and the  simplicity of the plot. The greatest horror films are always those who push  the envelope in one form or another. Halloween sigel-handedly created the  Slasher Film as we know it today.  Sexually active teenagers getting  sluaghtered after the act, an Omni-potent figure  running around killing  teenagers with no higher agenda other than to kill, and the main hero or  heroine always being a virgin were not cliches when Debra Hill and John  Carpenter created this gothic expressinistic voyage into the heart of  darkness.  Halloween is not only the blue-print for the Slaher film, but  it remains one of the best crafted films of the last thrity years. A  must-see. The DVD edition is a marvelous edition of Halloween. Get it if  you can find it.
B000005ITX|5.0|For me this album stands above all pop albums ever released. Streams of brilliant melodies backed by intense instrumentation. Arthur Lee's singing differs per track giving each track its own atmosphere and still all these  songs seem to belong together. Also there's so much variation in every song  that all seems to fit. &quot;The good Humour Man....&quot; is my favourite  song. It's kind of Beethoven goes pop with a melody so delicate that it  never tires. In terms of melody to me there are three untouchables: Lennon,  Mozart and ARTHUR LEE.
B000021XS0|5.0|i used to be the type of listener that like popular music and rap-rock music like 311, korn, LB ... when i heard this cd, it took a while tog et used to it ... (about a half hour) but when i did... i listened on a deeper  level and it absoultly blew me away!   Figure this, if it caused me to  switch genres from 1 toa  totaly diff one, its gotta be good ... if your up  for deep thought and have a real appritation for music, buy this!  cd!
B00000JCB2|1.0|I think we're all getting a bit tired of these hip hop/rap gender bender girl wanna bees bi-now!  The day that these guys put out a White Knuckled, Ball Bustin' Rock Kin Roll album is probably the same day that Wes  Bore-land learns to play his Guitar!
078401213X|5.0|An outstanding movie, though to many may have seemed as a &quot;hard to watch movie&quot; Throughout the movie there lied many references to the chaos theory which if you are not fimiliar with could set you at a  confusing manor. The movie is intended to a more mathematical crowd, a  higher level of intelligence is needed to understand the deeper concepts  (to the extent that they are intended to) that were involved within the  movie, that are not mentioned but are essential to solving, what is  presented and the application of it. If you are at all interested in math  or philosophy this movie should be on the top of your list. Amoung the top  5 that I have seen.
B000002MFE|5.0|I do realize that the United States is a free country and everyone is certainly entitled to their opinion.  However, for the previous reviewer to say that Clapton's vocals are offkey is absolutely ludicrous.  Personally,  I think that reviewers ears are off key.<br />That being said, this record  is without a doubt a groundbreaking release for all the  unplugged  recordings that followed.  In addition, this release added another  dimension to Eric Clapton's immense talent as a musician.  Eric is able to  show us on this release that he is able to play an acoustic guitar with  more color and flair than mere mortals who have attempted to play an  electric guitar.  Some people may feel that this version of Layla is a bit  duller than the original.  Well, its merely just a jazzier interpretation  which brings out other beautiful elements in the song.  Truthfully, I enjoy  the ligh hearted San Fransisco Bay Blues which offer some awesome kazoo  playing!  Just kidding, I thought this review could use some humor.  None  the less the other instrumentalists sound great in support of this  recording especially the aforementioned piece.  And Tears In heaven is one  touching song.  Hell, they are all very good.  Just buy the damn thing and  ignore the two previous negative reviews.
B00003OSSL|5.0|This isn't a movie that will change the world, but it's really involving and a good diversion, for what it is. The mystery of what Harrison Ford's and Kristin Scott Thomas' spouses were up to is enough to make this a fun  escape film. Don't get me wrong, it's not going to tax your intellect, but  I bet you enjoy it if you go in with the right mind set.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana, I would say outdone himself, but his endless ability for creativity will never die, this is a true masterpiece of his gift.  A great variety of great music.  If you like genuine music, pick this one up now!
630575067X|1.0|The Phantom Menace is technically beautiful but other then that there really isn't much there. It features a terrible screenplay that wastes the talents of several good actors. If you didn't see the movie don't bother  purchasing the video. The Phantom Menace really is one of the worst film's  of the year, very deserving of it's 8 razzie nominations.
B0000004V2|5.0|The Stone Roses.  It's difficult to know where to start.  If you've listened to Garage Flowers and Second Coming, you'll appreciate that the band had talent and possibly the charisma that is essential for true  greatness, but you might have concluded: never quite made it.  If you've  listened to The Stone Roses you will think no such thing (unless you're  insane or Bob Geldof). The progression from dodgy goth/rock band to the  greatest band this planet has ever seen started with Sally Cinnamon, but  the Stone Roses  really flexed their muscles with Elephant Stone, the  single released directly before their eponymous debut (which is an extra  track on the US import version). Elephant Stone is a fantastic song, as out  of place in 1988 as Fool's Gold sounded in 1989.  All shimmering guitar,  gorgeous harmonies and those Reni-patented fluid drum beats, the song stuck  out a mile, though not to the record-buying public, since it made not a  dent in the charts. When Made of Stone, a darkly gorgeous Roses classic  (with the best guitar solo this side of Stairway to Heaven), also flopped,  things looked bleak, but by the time She Bangs the Drums broke the band  into the top 40, the Stone Roses bandwagon was rumbling along nicely, the  biggest underground music movement seen in this country for many a year.   The revolution had started, and Oasis, among many, had The Stone Roses to  thank for reintroducing British guitar music to a public that had been  force fed acid house and Jive Bunny.  <br />The album starts with a distant  rumble of thunder, which gradually morphs into feedback and then that  bassline.  By the time Ian Brown's voice enters the fray, the other three  have already entranced you.  A mesmerising opener, which you could be  forgiven for assuming is by far the best track on the album.  Until She  Bangs the Drums kicks in - another irresistible bassline, guitar wizardry  of the highest order, beautiful harmonies - the sun shining on a decade of  gloom.  Waterfall completes an incredible triumvirate of opening tracks, a  Simon and Garfunkel soaked tale of a girl on acid. Thereafter, Don't Stop  (Waterfall backwards) and Bye Bye Badman are the closest the album gets to  fillers, though pretty damn good fillers. Elizabeth My Dear introduces  Sugar Spun Sister, another gorgeous song with the most uplifting chorus  you're likely to hear.  Then Made of Stone, dark, delicious, John Squire at  his peak. Shoot You Down is a good song (faint praise indeed...). This is  the One and I am the Resurrection defy description really, utterly  fantastic, innovative (yet drawing on the best traditions), addictive - you  cannot get bored of them, and indeed the album in its entirety (and I'm not  even going to mention Fools Gold).  This record changed my life, if you  hadn't guessed already, and however little they actually produced compared  to The Beatles, The Stones, whoever, you cannot convince me that for a  single moment in the history of rock music, a band has shone brighter than  The Stone Roses at their glorious peak. This is the proof.
0767802446|3.0|Men In Black is a good film for a distraction. The score by Danny Elfman is ok. Plus the cartoon series is great. Now that I watch Men In Black, I find it boring. But still a good film.
0060977264|5.0|This book was the first of Mr. Coelho's books I read. He is an excellant writer and his words form poetic stories of the spirit of one's self. I found Pilar's search for within and ultimate true love very moving. I  couldn't put the book down. I finished it in about three hours and wanted  to start it again as soon as I finished. I have read all of Mr. Coelho's  books that are in English, By the River Piedra I sat down and Wept and The  Valkries have definitly been my favorite. I can't wait for the next one!
B00000K22N|5.0|I found this album set by Enigma to be very haunting, pulsating and sensual. The rhythms vary, but the overall sound remains consistent at the same time. Very soothing and relaxing music. Do try this CD set.
6304675348|4.0|You know the run of gratuitous gore and profanity. Scream is another gruesome slasher film... but goes further than that. It shows cleverness, twists, and even humor that elevates it to being a classic. This feels like  no slasher film ever created.
B000002JNN|5.0|AC/DC is the greatest band in the universe. The brothers Young are just phenominal song writers. BJ is cool, too, and though he isn't the greatest singer, his rugged voice sets the mood perfectly. No one in the world can  play like these guys. I'm gonna buy &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; the second  it comes out in the US.<br />Killer tracks: Thunderstruck, Fire your    s,  Moneytalks, Razor's edge, Rock your heart out, Got you by the balls, and If  you dare.
6304938276|3.0|(3.5 stars) A different psycho rampages through town after Cidney, the survivor of the first movie, ...guess what happens next. Still, it's entertaining and clever, ...with humor.
0783229100|5.0|The acting is wonderful, the suprises are unpredictable, and overall, this is one of the most original movies I've ever seen in my life. There can be no duplicates. And evey time i watch this movie, some how I notice about  five things I've never seen before, like it changes every time. And no, I'm  not an old movie collector or total classic lover, actually, I'm only  sixteen. But this is easily one of my favorite movies in history. My  favorite scene is with the card playing on the train.
6303168507|5.0|One of the most honest and frank motion pictures is a jet-black masterpiece. The Holocaust is portrayed magnificently by Spielberg, who directed Jaws, of how over 6 million Jews were killed in shootings,  ghettos, and concentration camps. Absolutely moving, with terrific  performances.Spielberg delivers digression of our anticipation, shocking us  with the deaths of the innocent Jews( particulary the death of the grateful  man with one arm). A generally unprecedented drama/horror that deserves  your full attention.
B00001R3GI|4.0|I always preferred the Beatles, but I did enjoy this album when it was first released.  This album includes many different styles and sounds.  This is the Stones at their best.  Yes Sticky Fingers is good too, but this  recording shows the versatility of Mick and the Stones.  The remastered  version sounds especially crisp and clean.  Songs such as TUMBLING DICE,  LOVING CUP, SWEET BLACK ANGEL, HAPPY, and others show how great the Stones  are as a band.  This should be required listening for all classic rock  fans.
0792836634|5.0|Director Tom Holland has proved that a slasher film can be excellent.This is a clever and intelligent thriller that well surpasses those gory horror movies like Friday the 13th and even Nightmare on Elm St., A!The acting is  excellent and the logic, rational. I think it belongs up there with Psycho  and Halloween. A movie doesn't have to be gory to be scary.
0780020685|5.0|First, I would like to state, as many others have done, that this film (just like Casablanca) will never be available in a widescreen format, because it was never filmed in one.<br />Second , I would like to say to any  person who enjoys such epics as Braveheart, Full Metal Jacket, Star Wars,  and you know, pretty much any other movie after 1954 in which somebody gets  killed, IT ALL COMES BACK TO THE SEVEN SAMURAI.<br />This Three hour Japanese  epic tour de force sets a precedent which virtually every cinematic epic  since has followed. <br />In conclusion, WATCH THIS MOVIE, even if you don't  feel like buying it. So the digital transfer isn't perfect, it looks as  good on DVD as it looks on VHs, and that's really all I expected to get  when I watched this.<br />once again WATCH THIS MOVIE
B000021XS0|5.0|Scenes from a Memory is a true masterpiece...never before have I heard an album with so much Talent.  I have been a listener of Dream Theatre since Images and Words came out and they have influenced me since day one with  their incredable rifts and vocals, there is not one weak point to this  band, all 5 band members are musical genious's.  I really beleave that I  will never hear an album that catches my attention like this one has, it  would be very difficult to ever out do this album even for Dream Theatre  themselves.  Great job guys!
B000002AEN|5.0|Soon after meeting the woman I was to marry she sang me a song she'd heard performed by Maria Muldaur, still then a member of Jim Kweskin's Jug Band. I was enchanted by the song and the singer and went looking for the  &quot;original&quot; performance by the Jug Band. I looked and looked but  Kweskin was long forgotten and his LPs near  impossible to find. I found  something else instead. <br />Mississippi John Hurt was not only a wonderful  guitarplayer, but his gentle and melancholy voice leaves a lasting imprint  if you just let it. My wife was astonished and delighted to find out that  this song (sung from the point of view of a woman) she had thought Maria  Muldaur's, was in fact written and performed long before by this shy and  humble man from the town of Avalon. Now that song (&quot;Richland Woman  Blues&quot;) isn't on this cd, but it compiles all of his 1928 sessions  into one of the  great blues/folk recordings of all time. I haven't the  words in me to describe what an exceptional record this is, so I'll stop  here. You just have to hear it. Is there anything as beautifully haunting  as &quot;Louis Collins&quot; ? I get the shivers every time I hear his  voice telling me that  story..
B00003CWPR|5.0|Few films have been so misunderstood.  Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; is riveting filmmaking, from start to finish.  This may be the only film I have experienced that lingers on in the mind  for days!<br />Rich color, potent music and deep layers of psychology make up  Kubrick's study of the sexual subconscious.  Believe me, this film demands  repeat viewings.  A fine, unsettling and always thought-provoking film for  adults.<br />I can't wait for the DVD!
0792842723|4.0|I enjoyed this James Bond movie for several reasons.  First, I think Pierce Brosnan did a great job in his debut as James Bond.  He is able to deliver the one-liners well and intersperse humor with seriousness. He was  great in the actions sequences as well.  Second, I thought the villains  were great, especially Xenia Onatopp (played by Famke Janssen).  Her  character reminded me so much of Fatima Blush (played by Barbara Carrera in  Never Say Never Again). Xenia is one of the most interesting villain-ness  henchperson in years. I really missed her character when she was gone -- I  wished that she could been in the movie longer.  Sean Bean is a good  villain but he wasn't menacing enough. 3) I liked the Natalya character  (Isabella Scorupta), a stunningly beautiful woman who is intelligent and  capable.  Some of the things that I didn't like in this movie were: First,  Bond is scolded by several of the women as being &quot;a misogynistic  dinosaur, a relic from the Cold War&quot;  and &quot;how can you be so  cold?&quot;  Second, the BMW car never does anything -- I expected Bond to  drive it and shoot up the bad guys with his missiles but all he did was  drive it to Cuba and that's it.  That was disappointing.  Third, the Jack  Wade character was really annoying. Please bring back Felix Leiter, and not  this obnoxious slob!  Overall, I thought it was a good entry and a great  debut by Pierce Brosnan.
0679722610|4.0|This is vintage noir and Hammet at his best. However, that being said, David Goodis still rules the nest in this genre form...for while Hammet created the form and excelled at it...Goodis took it a step farther,  elevating the form from being about detection to the dark gravel that  exists in the grime of the human spirit...
B00000J7RZ|3.0|I really Love Jennifer Lopez.  She has great songs on the album and she does have a great voice.  My favorites are &quot;Waiting for Tonight&quot; &quot;If you had my love&quot; and &quot;Feelin' so good&quot;.  The other  songs are pretty good 2.  I would definitly recomend this album.  I still  feel that Britney Spears is a lot better and so is Christina Aguilera and  Mariah Carey.
6305750750|3.0|Alright, if you really dig the Star Wars films, you've probably already seen this one. If you have not, but have seen the originals, then I have these words for you: It's just not the same. Between the making of Jedi and  Phantom Menace, Lucas lost something (I personally think it's his mind). He  just isn't as good a story teller. The places we visit in the film (Naboo,  Tatooine, and Coruscant) are simply not as richly described by elements of  the film as they are in the first three films. Lucas basically leaves it to  a few wide shots to show us what Coruscant is like, and obviously uses our  knowledge about Tatooine from the original films as a crutch, an excuse not  to explore the desert planet more fully in this one. Naboo is explored, but  the annoyance factor of Jar Jar Binks keeps the enjoyment of even those  scenes which really could have made the movie great at a low level. All in  all, it could have been much better. I hope they do better with the next  one.
B000002LAB|1.0|This album is beneath Miles' talents, a commercialized, cynical attempt to cash in on light pop trends.  Miles does not play with a group of musicians here, in any sort of interaction.  He solos, not as well as on most of his  albums, over pop textures.  One is forced to ask--is this really music, or  is it manufactured sound, artificially concocted to cash in.  This might be  O.K. for a third rate talent to dabble in, but it is not O.K. for a great  artist.  With this album Miles abandoned any notion of trying to create  art.  It would be like Picasso deciding to add some mundane figures to a  series of dull postcards--just too far beneath the talent of a real artist.  Even this lapse of taste and artistic integrity might be excused in some  sense if the result was a compelling pop album, but this is not a quality  pop product either.
0790729628|1.0|This movie just isn't the same with out Harrison Ford's hard-boiled narration. In my opinion that made this film's gritty Noir-Feel just that much better. Secondly, The ending is completely different, and completely  drab. What happened to one of the coolest endings with Harrion Ford saying,  &quot;I don't know how much time we have...but then again who does?&quot;  and he drives off in a beautiful serene view with Sean Young. Instead we  simply see Ford entering an elevator with Sean Young and slamming the  door...WEAK!  Save your money. This version isn't even worth renting.  Without the narration, this movie feels 3 hours long. The ending leaves you  feeling like...what? I'm not even going to mention the Unicorn. Ridley  Scott should be ashamed of himself to force this version out to the people.  The least the movie company could do was give you the option on the DVD to  see BOTH versions....now there's an idea.
6305531374|5.0|Halloween H2O  is 1 of the 1st halloween'''s  i've see this movie is a must need !  it's totally awesome Jamie Lee Curtis (Prom Night) is still very pretty and very Talented  SHe is very  good actress in halloween 1and  2  and Josh Hartnett (THE FACULTY)  is a very  good actor AND HE PLAY''S  Laurie''s son. the acting in this movie is niceley done and VERY COOL   (THIS MOVIE IS KIND OF GORY)
B000009ED0|5.0|Okay...okay...so you like rock, but you dont like rap. Same with me. When I first heard the songs on this CD, frankly, I didnt much like them. But after a while, I listened. Before, I didnt have an open mind. Now, I do.  Give it a chance, you will not regret it....but...it is not without its  faults...i found myself listening to it so much, i frequently had a  headache...oh well...
B00000JYGX|5.0|i don't speak french, but this did not matter when i bought the cd. i now know what the songs talk about, but at the begining i didn't and it didn't matter. there is so much emotion, it is surprising. i like many of world's  acclaimed musicals, but this unknown one is somewhere at the top of my  list. the performances are very strong, and the music is great.  no, i  don't know english well enough to give this cd a deserving review! buy it,  you will never regret it!
630575067X|5.0|Yes the plot wasn't easy to follow because it had multipleoverlapping stories happening at once, dialogs could have used somemore polishing, one of the coolest characters in the movie has too small of a part and than gets killed that was quite disappointing. Kid who played Anakin is not a very good actor, he seemed very uncofortable with dialogs he had to do and didn't really merge with the environment around him. If you saw the trailers you probably expected quite a bit more from a movie than there was. They seemed to have cut quite a few scenes from it. The battle between maul and obi wan in the desert that has been all over the posters, mauls dialog wich was heard in the trailer and music video.<br />Still the movie is wonderful, the amount of talent and work put into it by artists alone is incredible, it has to be one of the best visual experiences i have ever seen. The jedi are a way better than in all previous movies. Final battle was really well done. Qui-Gon and Ob1 are excellent and are played by excellent actors. Movie has more great ideas than ever. Everything droid army, pod racing, underwater world, Coruscant are all amaizing concepts. I was disappointed when the movie was over. It definetly deserves to be besides original 3 episodes in anyones collection.  END
0440234743|1.0|John - time to hang up the pen I'm afraid.  Let real authors like Scott Turow and Richard North Patterson write the lawyer books.  The Testament was one long bore.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I have a confession.  I don't actually own the cd, but I must say...the first time that I heard the song &quot;Here With Me&quot;, I just fell in love with it! I would even listen to the radio all day just to hear it one  more time!  But every time the song would play, the radio station wouldn't  say the name...that got me annoyed - very!  Then, finally, the station said  the name and I looked it up on the internet to find out what the title of  the CD is...I can now buy it!
B000000WA4|5.0|This is one of the greatest rock alblums ever crafted. From the metal guitar riffs of Zero to the techno rock of 1979 to the string laden Tonight Tonight the Smashing Pumpkins have produced a masterpiece with MCIS. There  is no filler here, all two hours of music are well written and recored.  Billy Corgan is a fine song writer and his skill is apparent on Mellon  Collie. If you are looking for a wonderful collection of music, buy this  CD, it is worth the money.
B000002JA8|4.0|PSB once opined about a band's &quot;Imperial&quot; phase, where basically one can do no wrong.  This album belongs in that phase.  Many fans didn't like it all that much, but four years later it still ranks as one of my  favorites.  It sways, it crackles, it dances, it has attitude: it is a pop  album that had no real competition for its time and can still hold itself  against the pop stars of today.  I mean, if &quot;Electricity&quot; doesn't  make you want to do some down and dirty moving around, then brother, check  your pulse.   What really surprises me though is how happy and without  pretense the album really is. Remember, Grunge, Industrial and Gansta rap  were kings in 1996.  &quot;The Survivors&quot; sums it all up.  For someone  to come out and say &quot;That Life is worth living; Its still worth a  damn&quot; during that time was actually taking what could be called a  radical stand against the common thought. My favorite somg though is the  Bossa Nova inspired &quot;It always comes as a surprise&quot;. Close your  eyes, and relax. You might wake up on a beach in Rio along the way.
1573226521|5.0|I could not put down this book until I finished it.  I recommend it to everyone who dreams of traveling to the absolutely most perfect place in the world.  We can all identify with the characters chasing this dream.  I  loved it.  I saw the movie today and I really enjoyed it but did not feel I  was traveling with the same characters in the book.
B000005RFK|5.0|I love this one. Snowblind, Supernaut, &amp; Wheels of Confusion are top-shelf BS tunes. I rate it behind Paranoid &amp; their debut album, but it's definitely better than Master of Reality. I bought this one as a 10  year old back in 1973, and still crank it up in my car (my wife doesn't  appreciate it on the home unit).
B00000J7RZ|1.0|You know you're lucky you're with the &quot;wanna-be gangsta&quot; (puffy), it's because of him, (oh yeah you also better thank Marc Anthony for putting you up there for a while) that you are even known. You are not  a good actress, and thanks to technology you sound ok, but even that can't  hide the fact that you cannot sing. Go back &quot;On  the 6&quot; and find  some other talent. Do modeling at least. Your body is all you got. Plus,  the lyrics to that song &quot;Waiting for Tonight&quot; was originally  written by some other group that never made it either. How ironic, your not  going to last that long either. Take my advice, do modeling!
0517122707|5.0|To read this book is to see the world through the eyes of Ignatius J. Reilly.  To see the world through the eyes of Ignatius J. Reilly is to strip nude and plaster yourself with maggots, do cartwheels through the  streets, watch as everyone reels in horror, and then declare that they are  simply jealous of your refined culture. Seriously, I think Toole expressed  a lot of perceptive insight about human nature, and sad as though much of  it may be, he expressed it in a very humorous way.  Not to mention that  after reading this, you will feel much better about yourself, because you  will realize that, although they may have been just book characters, there  have in history been some individuals with less dignity than you.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I am also a huge fan of the show &quot;Roswell&quot; and when I heard this theme song I truly fell in love with it. I went all out to find out who sing's &quot;Hear with me,&quot; and as soon as I bought and played this cd  I fell in love with it. It's my number one choice to relax and escape. I  especially love &quot;Hunter,&quot; &quot;Don't think of me,&quot; and  &quot;My lover's gone&quot; I recommend this cd to anyone out there, you  need to have it in your collection, it is the best!  It's like heaven!
B000006RIL|5.0|I own all three of Serge Gainsbourg's American reissues (Comic Strip, Couleur Cafe, and Du Jazz Dans le Ravin) as well as a few of his import titles, but none compare to Historie de Melody Nelson. It's widely  considered his consummate &quot;concept&quot; album, and each track is  perfect (and works with the others perfectly as a whole). His use of string  arrangements and the inclusion of Nelson's vocal contributions (mostly  giggling) make this album seem the quintessential exercise in late sixties'  decadence (even in 1971, when it was first released). <br />Though Serge  Gainsbourg's most famous partner was undoubtedly the divine Brigitte  Bardot, Melody Nelson does an exceptional job matching Gainsbourg's dirty  old man sounds with a nymphet's playfulness. It's an album for casual  listeners, wannabe players, and for those seeking inspiration (amongst the  bands influenced by Gainsbourg are Luna, Pulp, the Pet Shop Boys, and  Stereolab). Prince Paul (of De La Soul/ Handsome Boy Modeling School fame)  even sampled this record multiple times (most notably on De La Soul Is  Dead). Luke Vibert (aka Wagon Christ aka Plug) also snatched a sample for  his 1997 album Big Soup. It's a masterpiece, and one likely to provide a  nice soundtrack for a make-out session or two.
B000002LGW|5.0|I bought this CD having never heard a single track off of it, but it was worth it. There is not a single song on either disc that I skip when listening to it. I only wish Amazon would let me give it 6 stars.
B000031WD9|3.0|I saw the movie in the theaters and this &quot;unrated&quot; version seems identical to the theater version.  The Movie itself is funny, but I purchased the &quot;unrated&quot; movie based on the idea that there would  be new footage.
0375402675|5.0|This book is long but it flies by,especially in the cracking action moments(plenty).Its all about a group called Rainbow(anti-terroist)And Their leder John clark,the book mainly focus'on Ding(Domingo).All in all  read it Its Clancy's best.
6305265488|4.0|A lovely, well made film that re-tells the classic story of Cinderella giving it a dab of 'realism'.<br />Drew Barrymore and Dougray Scott are excellent as Danielle and the Prince but their romance isn't too  overwhelmingly sweet.<br />Angelica Huston is brilliant as the stepmother  without over playing it.<br />One of the best scene's is when Danielle and the  Prince are captured by gypsy's and the leader tells Danielle she can leave  and take anything she can carry with her - just wait til you see what she  picks up!
0790743523|5.0|This is a classic story by a mysterious author of the lengths to which human beings will be driven by greed and the folly of their efforts.  Set in Mexico, Walter Huston, plays an Academy Award winning role as the old prospector.  He is directed by his son, John, who appears in an interesting  cameo early in the film and who also won an Oscar for this film in 1948.   Robert Blake, as a child actor, plays an important part in the story.   Bogart is beliveable as the greed-crazed fortune hunter.
B00000K31Q|4.0|This film was much better than I'd expected.  A re-telling of Taming of the Shrew that transfers well to the modern day high school.<br />Good fun throughout, the two leads are very likeable as Patrick takes on the paid  task of 'wooing' Cat to enable another school chum to go out with her  sister.  Cat's poem to Patrick at the end is brilliant - you just know that  each time she's saying 'hate' she really means 'love'.<br />Put it in your  vcr, cuddle up with your partner and enjoy.
B00003CWRX|5.0|&quot;The Insider&quot;, a theatrical delight, is a well cast, brilliantly acted, and ingeniously directed movie.  I cannot say enough about this film!<br />Russell Crowe is pheonominal as the socially-conscious  scientist,Dr. Jeffrey Weigand.  Mr. Crowe, one of my favorite actors since  first seeing him in &quot;L.A. Confidential&quot;, brings multiple  dimensions to his character.  One the one hand you applaud Dr. Weigand for  being so courageous in spite of the threats he receives from &quot;big  tobacco&quot;.  On the other hand, you sense his pain, and the fear he has  for his family.  It is all in the eyes- Russell Crowe emotes like few  actors can.  WE WILL BE PULLING FOR HIM ON OSCAR NIGHT!<br />While Russell  Crowe is truly the star in this film, one certainly cannot overlook the  outstanding performance turned in by Al Pacino.  Mr. Pacino lives up to  this movie's expectations, and provides wonderful depth in his character.  The pure sarcasm in several of his lines leaves you laughing inside, while  silently saying to yourself, &quot;you know, this guy has a point!&quot;  Watching Al Pacino is a delight- and in the end, you hope he not only wins  the right to produce TV as he sees fit, you are hoping that his character  gets a raise!  Al Pacino- you are not worthy of a &quot;supporting  actor&quot; nomination, you are in a class all your own!<br />Lastly, we  cannot forget the performance of a veteran actor, Christopher Plummer.  Mr.  Plummer shows sides of Mike Wallace that you imagined were there, but have  never been able to see.  Mr. Plummer gives the movie perspective- and plays  the depressive Mike Wallace with stunning accuracy.  In the end, you forget  that Mr. Plummer is an actor- you begin to think that the real Mike Wallace  is the true actor!  I will be looking for more good things to come from Mr.  Plummer- he has made me a fan!<br />This movie is as put together as it can  get.  The cinematography, direction, etc. give this film power.  There are  no lulls- you remain firmly entrenched in the plot throughout this movie.  The sets, the tone, the music, it all blends together like a great cup of  coffee- warm and enjoyable.  Michael Mann reels you in, and does not let  go.  He takes you on a wild ride- your heart races, your eyes tear, your  palms sweat, and you squirm in your seat.  He does his job, and he does it  well- he MOVES you.<br />This story of one former tobacco scientist taking  on big tobacco in an effort to bring awareness of health hazzards to the  general public via television, will go down as a modern-day classic.  The  &quot;behind-the-scenes&quot; look at TV production, and more specifically,  &quot;60 Minutes&quot;, gives the general viewer an idea of not only how  much time is spent producing a 15-minute segment for network TV, but shows  the consequences on a man's life for being brave enough to care.  I applaud  Jeffrey Weigand, a hero to America.  I also applaud the makers of &quot;The  Insider&quot; , for having the courage, stamina, and awe-inspiring vision  to bring this film to life.here are  no lulls- you remain firmly entrenched in the plot throughout this movie.   The sets, the tone, the music, it all blends together like a great cup of  coffee- warm and enjoyable.  Michael Mann reels you in, and does not let  go.  He takes you on a wild ride- your heart races, your eyes tear, your  palms sweat, and you squirm in your seat.  He does his job, and he does it  well- he MOVES you.   <br />This story of one former tobacco scientist taking  on big tobacco in an effort to bring awareness of health hazzards to the  general public via television, will go down as a modern-day classic.  The  &quot;behind-the-scenes&quot; look at TV production, and more specifically,  &quot;60 Minutes&quot;, gives the general viewer an idea of not only how  much time is spent producing a 15-minute segment for network TV, but shows  the consequences on a man's life for being brave enough to care.  I applaud  Jeffrey Weigand, a hero to America.  I also applaud the makers of &quot;The  Insider&quot; , for having the courage, stamina, and awe-inspiring vision  to bring this film to life.
B000002KNY|4.0|This is to Talking Heads what REVOLVER was to the Beatles; the key transition album, without it you wouldn't know how they got from the one before it (Rubber Soul/Buildings &amp; Food) to the one after (Sgt.  Pepper/Remain in Light). And as with REVOLVER, it's full of amazing songs.  My personal favorite is Cities, but you could easily pick Mind, Air, Cheese  or Drugs (quiz: which title doesn't fit?)
B00003CWPR|4.0|Don't close your eyes to this motion picture. &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; really deserves your attention. Not only because this is the last production by director Stanley Kubrick, but due to the fact that Kubrick  (2001: A Space Odyssey) really did a great job. &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;  is a movie that explores the psychological roots of the human feelings, the  weaknesses of the mankind, concerning a very delicate subject, which is the  treason. The movie constantly gives us something to think about. And there  is a lot of time to do it since the movie is very long, sometimes tedious,  but nothing that we can not tolerate. The eroticism present in the movie is  not gratuitous, there is a purpose to be there and the purpose is to make  us face the sex, one of the biggest myths of the humanity, as a natural  thing. In &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; the sexuality is treated with  extremely naturalness.<br />It seems that Kubrick's last piece of art is a  true masterpiece, and not an inferior Kubrick's, as some critics insists to  label. It succeeds in many aspects: the performances by Tom Cruise and his  wife, the actress Nicole Kidman, are extremely well, so are the supporting  ones, the art direction and costume design are superb, the soundtrack is  excellent, not to mention, of course, the direction. And think about the  possibility of the whole story of &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; to be nothing  but a dream, and you will like it even more. So, keep your eyes wide open.
B000002KO3|5.0|It's hard to believe this record is 20 years old. It still sounds futuristic. This to me is the apex of the Talking Heads sound. As much as I enjoy Speaking in Tongues, it's sort of a retreat from the advances made on  this milestone. I got it when it was about a year old on LP and I always  thought the &quot;Once in a Lifetime&quot; side was the first side, and  that the funk trifecta was side B. If I had my druthers, I think I would  prefer the song order that way. But that doesn't take away from the  phenomenal epochal quality of this record. Check out Seen and Not Seen, one  of their all-time great &quot;lost&quot; Talking Heads songs. Guaranteed to  put you in a trance. And the older I get, the more sense the &quot;How did  I get here&quot; philosophy of &quot;Once in a LIfetime&quot; makes.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Naturally, I bought this CD because of the current focus on &quot;Take A Picture.&quot;  I found, at first, that I might not like this CD, because of songs like &quot;Welcome To The Fold.&quot;  But I was wrong.  Instead I  was pleasantly surprised with songs like &quot;Cancer,&quot;  &quot;Skinny,&quot; and my most favorite out of all, &quot;Miss Blue.&quot;   Even though at first this CD sounded a lot like where Richard Patrick had  come from (Nine Inch Nails), it turned out that he is quite an individual  with a wonderful message to the world.<br />Sadly, amazon.com has a limited  amount of sound clips (which lack, of course, &quot;Cancer,&quot;  &quot;Take A Picture,&quot; &quot;Skinny,&quot; and &quot;Miss Blue.&quot;)   So it will be hard to buy this CD if you are searching for the &quot;Take  A Picture&quot;-esque sound or the Nine Inch Nails-esque sound.  But in  total sincerity, if you listen to the entire CD, &quot;Miss Blue&quot; sort  of sends you away with a sense of change.  Filter starts out angry and  gradually changes over into a more quiet, yet still rock-y, sound, and ends  with something that you probably would never expected.  A beautiful CD.
6305428425|5.0|This movie was a really funny movie! I am really not into Chic flicks, but this is not really one of those. It is like &quot;Clueless&quot; in a Lisa Kudrow way. I really like her anyway. She is really funny.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I've never tried to write a review of a movie before, and frankly, don't feel particularly well equipped to do so.  However, considering how many people walked out of this movie both times I saw it (about 15 total), and  the mixed word-of-mouth I'm picking up, I felt the need to speak up.<br />This  is a great movie.  <br />It may not be to everyone's taste, but I am convinced  that even people who disliked the film recognized that they were watching  the work of a major talent.  Don't let the long running time of this movie  scare you off.  Paul Thomas Anderson maintains tension and energy  throughout, via a combination of great writing, directing, and editing.   The only moments I wasn't completely absorbed in the film were the many  times I paused to note to myself, &quot;This guy is good.&quot;  <br />This  movie is unquestionably a must see.  There's no guarantee you'll love it,  but you should not take the chance that you'll miss what could be (I'm  resisting the arrogant temptation to say 'should be') one of your more  rewarding film experiences in quite some time.
6305603847|5.0|I'm still amazed when I watch this movie.  Its not enough the music that Roger Waters composed is out of this world, the animation and direction that this movie takes is mind bending.  Take a trip into the pysche of  Roger Waters and feel first hand the alienation, the pain, the anguish that  he feels.<br />The video quality is a definite improvement upon the VHS tape  (which I still own).  The picture is so crisp!  For someone who hasn't seen  any of the extras on this DVD, its worth buying just for that.  Close to an  hour of interviews, 30 minute documentary on the making of, animation  stills, original trailer for the movie, extra footage of &quot;Hey  You&quot; that was edited out of the final product, and commentary by Roger  Waters and the animationist.  Including the commentary, all the extras run  at least 3 hours.  Don't delay, buy this now.  It will be money WELL SPENT!
6305095442|5.0|Evil Dead 2 is quite possibly THE cult horror classic.  This movie is brilliantly funny with great examples of the best physical humor there is.  Bruce Campbell is great.  Sam Raimi is great.  Too bad Bruce has been  reduced to Xena and Hercules...
0385493800|3.0|here i was thinking i was going to be blown away much like i was with the Runaway Jury (i think that was his best book), but in reality this book was just lacking that Grisham flair i always enjoy reading. It's almost as if  he was trying to make a marketable movie script instead of a book. Like the  guy before me wrote, he did an excellent job of describing the characters.  But then it became truly a snore a thon where i was found wondering when it  would be over. I always enjoyed the court precedings that Grisham describes  and this book was just completely lacking in that area. But instead of  hardcore law practice, his attention was more turned toward human failure,  spirituality, and a lot of flowery details of the country that made a lot  of it seem like a travel book. It just wasn't very exciting. I found myself  in suspense for maybe a few pages at most, and then it was always reveled  quite hastily what would happen and the precedings after words was just me  waiting for the other characters to gain knowledge about the case. It was  just not simply not one of his better works. Not even close.
B000002WYT|5.0|This CD is just another example of the absolute musical power of the Dave Mathews Band.  &quot;Two step&quot; has the most creative melody I've ever heard with all the other songs not far behind.  &quot;Crash&quot; is a must  in a DMB collection because of its innovation and captivating tunes.  I  have found the more I listen to it the more I like it, especially in a  music industry where money talks.  The Dave Mathews Band with  &quot;Crash&quot; maintains musical integrity and pushes the standards for  all musicians.  DAVE MATHEWS IS AMAZING ON GUITAR! and Carter Beauford hits  the drums like there is no tomorrow.  The other band members are  exceptional also but those two really stand out.
6305451591|5.0|Quite briefly- Life is Beautiful is the best movie I have ever seen
6305633177|5.0|Some people have been complaining about the quality of this video. Something to keep in mind is that it's got &quot;Home Vid&quot; in the title. The most recent of the footage was shot in 1987 with camcorders.  Nearly all of the footage is from bootleg videos. Don't expect a pristine,  dolby surround sound experience. This is a video for true fans of Cliff  Burton. Some of us didn't get to see him while he was alive, so this is the  next best thing we have. It's just being released on DVD for people who  have DVD players, not to show off the capabilities of the DVD format. For  people who might just now be buying this video for the first time and not  rebuying it (like myself), you might want to keep that in mind.
6305750750|1.0|Making his movie could be likened to writing the sequel to the Bible and expecting Christians to like it.  George Lucas ceartainly had a monumentous ask before him.  The first three movies were lauded so heavily, hat Lucas  simply could not live up to public expectations, and he most certainly  doesn't.  The story of the phantom menace is contrived, slow and altogether  a departure from earlier sar wars movies.  The phantom menace is essenially  a 2 hour advertisemen for the toys.  A particularly drawn out scene is the  pod-race, in which a predictable ending is streched through many minutes  void of dialog or characterization.   The characters themselves in the  phantom menace were shallow and under-developed.  (don't even get me  started on jar jar binks)  any actual emotion seemed a tacked on sub-plot.   Other things I didn't like was the medicalization of the force, and the coy  allusion to some immaculate conception of anakin.  Both of these facets are  only touched upon, leaving the viewer bewildered as to their deeper  significance.       I enjoyed the action at the end, but it was too litle  too late.  I was already bored from the bad acing and melodramaic script.   i don't know what convinced Lucas that he could still write and direct.   (lucas did not write or direct Empire or Jedi, but was an executive  producer)  I am a long time star wars fan, and I had waited a lifetime to  see this movie, and I am sorry that it dissapointed me and others.  I can  only hope that episode two will bring a return to earlier form.
B000005IU2|5.0|Iggy's howl at the beginning of &quot;TV Eye&quot; is one of the most soulful and powerful rock and roll moments ever recorded.  This whole album carries the spirit of that howl through every song--sometimes things slow  down, sometimes they crank it up, but the attitude is always there.  There  may be better rock albums out there but none sum up pure rebellion better  than this one.
1558807381|5.0|legend is a great film that has held up well over the years. I'm fortunate enough to own a pal copy of the original european version, with Jerry Goldsmith music as opposed to the Tangerine Dream score. Why they ever  chose to rescore the film for u.s. release is beyond me. Also, the film has  been severely cut for u.s. distribution. All of the songs between Lily and  Jack and Lily and the unicorns have been removed, also the seens where Lily  is seduced by Darkness have been shortened by about 65 percent. It is also  never mentioned that Lily is a princess in the american version. All in  all, the american version still suceeds as a great film and a fine example  of visual storytelling. If only the director's cut could be released here  so that more people could see it.
0679746048|5.0|I read this book for my graduate Abnormal Psychology class long before the movie ever came out.  In lyrical and often painful prose, Kaysen allows a rare look inside a mental instiution and questions the diagnosis of  insanity in a time when the world had gone mad.  A great and necessary read  for psychology students, as well as those those who are touched by mental  illness or the mentally ill.
B00000JMQE|5.0|It's a wonder this film ever got made. It's so bizarre and dark for a children's film, especially princess mombi who decapitates the heads of all the women in the emerald city and keeps their heads in glass cases so that  she can change them for her own when she feels like it. Good  cinematography, great effects. One of a kind. Wouldn't show it to kids who  scare easily though.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Limp Bizkit rocks!  I have much love and i hope fred and the gang continuein what they are doing. i hope they do well and suceed in life.
B000008B01|5.0|Simply put, the most \\"progressive\\" recording available from  \\"O MESTRE DA BOSSA NOVA\\",this cd is a MUST for all bossa enthusiasts.-- SPECIFICALLY for musicians who wish to study & learn  \\"O JEITINHO\\",the trick to playing guitar in the style  revolutionized by Seu Gilberto! This recording is very spare (guitar, bass  & percussions) The listener is captivated not by lush orchestrations  nor distracted by overproduction--the interplay of João's guitar in  counterpoint to the quirky vocal delivery is amazing to hear !  This is  especially evident on this rendition of \\"AGUAS DO MARCO\\",the  Jobim standard. Caetano's \\"Avarandando\\" is a whisper in the  wind--\\"que maravilha! \\"  dont miss this one, it can go back out  of print at any time! 1
B0000069DB|5.0|This recording of &quot;Il Turco in Italia&quot; is an absolute delight. From start to finish it enthralls, enchants, and engulfs the listener in its delicious crisp sound. Of course, in any Il Turco, the main concern is  the character of Fiorilla - this is a typical Rossini knock-out role,  requiring a voice of fiendish agility and an ability to sound demure,  mocking, sensuous, infuriated, and everything in between. The voice type  must be that of either a soprano with a good middle voice or a  mezzo-soprano with a good top voice. Callas both performed and recorded  this role, and did it extremely well - but Bartoli is something else. The  dark honey of her voice - so typically mezzo - and the absolute ease of her  top notes - unfortunately for other mezzos, not so typical! - make the  colour of her voice ideal. Not to mention the by-now famous acrobatics of  which her voice is capable, and the no-less famous acting ability she  possesses (both vocally and physically)! The rest of the cast does an  excellent job, and Chailly conducts with verve and precision. IF YOU LOVE  ROSSINI'S OPERAS, THIS IS A MUST-HAVE! IF YOU DON'T, WHAT A SUPERB  INTRODUCTION THIS WOULD BE!
B000002C1X|5.0|So few albums come along with such a deep meaning.  The lyrical writing is superb.  This without a  doubt is the  best album I have ever listened to.  The guitar part in the beginning of &quot;In The Flesh&quot; is superb.   The song &quot;Another Brick In The Wall Pt.2&quot; is one of the greatest  rock songs ever.  If you want to pick up any Pink Floyd album this is it.
6300182266|5.0|Me gusto mucho la pelicula, pero megustaria saber si ustedes comercializan esta pelicula traducida al español o con subtitulos en español. Desde ya muchas gracias por su respuesta.<br />Cordiales saludos.<br />Brummell Pommerenck
0812550757|3.0|Perhaps right now you are tempted to press that &quot;not helpful&quot; button at the bottom of my review. Perhaps you are tempted to press it twice. Perhaps you will also be tempted to read what I have to say. Speaker  is a good book, but it fails in many areas. First of all, if you hoped for  this book to pick up where the Game left off, or at least feature  comparable characters, you wil be bitterly disappointed. The original  Ender, the boy genius, one who single-handedly destroyed an entire race, is  gone. He is replied with a Speaker for the Dead, one who tells the truth  about the lives of the deceased, hopping from world to world at  relativistic speeds, whittling away at millennia without aging. Although  now he doesn't use the name Ender as the entier universe hates the one who  destroyed the only other race ever known to man. A new world is discovered,  and with it - the piggies, a mysterious primitive race. A settlement is set  up, and a non-interference policy is passed, but lives once again are lost,  and the world is too mysterious to comprehend - or so it seems. Only eight  species in the entier world, and a devious plague virus. Sounds deep? It  is. But Card fails to center on what he does best - characterization.  Characters are limited to a few heart-tugging scenes of broken hearts and  shattered dreams. Sure, the mystery of the aliens is great, but I guessed  the answer midway through the book, and soon realized that the mystery was  the only thing powering the story - once that was gone the book lost all  value. Likewise, there aren't enough relationships with the first book  besides a few reminescences into the past, so you could at least relate to  the characters as they were in the original, but that isn't there  either.<br />This book is good but does not live up to the expectations, and  neither is this Card at its best. Read this book once - there is no prize  for re-reading it like there was in the Ender's Game or Ender's Shadow.
B000002H70|5.0|From the blowing windchimes at the album's beginning, to the organ's soft notes at the album's end, &quot;Disintegration&quot; certainly poses a question... are you ready to immerse yourself in joy and pain all-in-one  sitting? Because the recording, as the liner says &quot;THIS MUSIC HAS BEEN  MIXED TO BE PLAYED LOUD SO TURN IT UP&quot;, will do the same for your  emotions...<br />It's best to listen to this album on a rainy day, when you  have no distractions (maybe your significant other beside you) and can  absorb the album fully. This album would be considered a drug by FDA  standards (thank God their from England).  Very few albums have I found to  be so well produced they exhibit said drug like euphoria... You won't be  dissappointed and I can't give anything about this album away (it does no  justice for me to review it). Now get the album and listen from Plainsong  through Untitled...don't walk, RUN!  You may not be able to hear it  tomorrow, for death cometh like a thief in the night.  A MUST HAVE FOR TRUE  MUSIC LOVERS
B000002NC4|5.0|&quot;Velvet Waltz&quot; caught me in a slurry of grunge and hardcore and it slowed me down. This is my favorite BTS song ever. Why is it that everyone else says they don't feel at home?
0140189378|2.0|This is a novel about boring things happening to boring people.  The most boring hour of my day has more life in it than this novel.  It's sad because i love the Adventures of Augie March (see my famous review); but  unlike that book, the main character remains flat throughout, and nothing  but nothing happens!  I am getting bored even writing this review about  it.  Prescription: Lots of Nabokov.
B000003TAW|5.0|This is without a doubt the best rock aldum since Addey road by the beatles.  The catchy tunes, and the raw dynamic power just make it simply amazing.   This is the the kind of CD you need to play again when it gets  to the end.   I've seen them live three times and they are just as  incredible in concert! If you are not a rock fan and would like to have a  rock CD in your collection, go for this one!<br />By the way, Brian Bell is  from my town!  Knoxville TN!
6305718954|4.0|Stigmata is a delicate movie to the extent that it provokes emotions and opinions along the two extremes of the scale. One thing is for sure: your feelings are bound to be strong about this movie.  As far as context and  message are concerned, the base topic about faith and church is old enough;  the conclusion is somewhat more fresh, though far from being as radical as  intended. Anyway, if you do not look too deep into the theoretical side of  it, the message is viable and elegantly presented.<br />What IS outstanding  about Stigmata is acting. Indeed, Patricia Arquette gives one of her best  performances as fate-struck Frankie; Jonathan Pryce excels at the role of  the smooth-mannered evil cardinal; and... yes, my favourite Irishman...  Gabriel Byrne is just dazzling as self-denying Father Kiernan. No doubt, he  is the spiritual and emotional centre of the whole story, and he suggests  that in a gentle, elegant way throughout the film. Paradoxically, Byrne  calls the viewer to root for his character even more than Arquette does for  her own victim figure.  Director Rupert Wainwright also deserves applause  for tactful storyhandling, beautiful imaging, and, very importantly, for  leaving space for his actors to play out their characters in their full  complexity. I think, to finish with, that this movie is a fine one and well  worth seeing on DVD, but certainly not for the weak.
0871137380|5.0|Reading Bowden's book has completely opened my eyes in regard to America's foreign policy.  Regardless of the Commander-in-Chief, our US forces train as hard as ever to protect our country, as well as our interests abroad.   My eyes were wet when I read of our elite service men falling to the ground  in a useless cause.  The battle in Mogadishu has not made peace in Somolia,  and the day after the mission was finished, that same Task Force was pulled  out of the country.  However they were motivated by a love so deep for  their country that they were not afraid to die serving her, and many did.   Bowden does an extrordinary job of conveying this message, one that too  many complacent Americans are ignorant about.
B000021XS0|5.0|This album is the best album I have heard from any band in a long time!  I went and saw these guys live last night to a sold out show in Cincinnati. They played the album from beginning to end without any mess ups and just  as clean as it was on the album! Dream Theatre is one of the most talented  bands around and I wish they had more air play than they do. Bands can take  a lesson from every one of these musicians! They are trully talented and  this album is a must!  Sit back, relax, and let James and the boys take  you back to Metropolis..10..9..8...7..6..5..4..3..2..1 You're enetring a  safe place now! It's Dream Theatre like never before!  Enjoy!
0440219078|5.0|i am in the 8th grade  and i absolutely loved the book me 7th grade teacher did a book report on it and he loved the book a lot he was my favorite teacher and i was lucky agin to get him this year but i changed   schools  so i was sad to leave at my new school i saw the giver so i  decided to read it, boy was i glad that i did i am very picky about books  but i  was so in to it i couldn't put it down! it's   a total reality check  to those who wish that they could be the same as everyone else as for the  whole &quot;release&quot; thing it didn't bother me but i don't recomend  thi book to anyone below the age of 12 but otherwise it is good book for  those who are looking for something different
0385486804|4.0|Any book that makes me forget myself and my surroundings to try to learn from someone else is time well spent.  I found this book to be worthy of a recommendation to those people that I think would enjoy it.  I was  fascinated by the author's ability and willingness to devote so much effort  to researching and unraveling Chris's story. The book is a mix of  adventure, curiosity, and sadness - like Chris's life.
6305750750|1.0|This was by far one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The special effects were amazing but George forgot to craft a story to tell. Whithout the contents who cares how nice the box looks. This was a hollow empty  shell of a movie populated by flat characters that you never care about.  Let's open it up and take a look. No suspense, no creativity, no mind  boggeling plot twists, no romance, no intersting characters...wait, what's  this at the bottom? A little action and a few pretty pictures, hardly worth  a 20 year wait. The only thing worse than the movie was the constant din of  a small pack of blind Lucas devotees who won't admit that their God has  failed, that he is a flawed human. These are the people that constantly  re-watch the movie hoping that it gets better with each viewing and send  around midless email and postings to try to get others to re-watch to try  to artificaly jack up the domestic box, giving the illusion that George did  a great job. The truth is he didn't. He's a much better storyteller than  this. If you want to help him tell him. Stop pumping up the numbers and  maybe he'll do the kind of work his genius is capable of.
B0000026VZ|3.0|This could be a good compilation in 1990 but now toto has released other albums and this CD is no more enough. Anyway there were lots of songs missing.
0553296981|5.0|i was looking at some of the reviews of this book and how people complain that it had no interest and it just went on and on but when you read  the book you have to read it knowing that she is not a proffesional writer and  of course it does not have much interest in it but it is a good historical  piece. i also find that more girls that i know tend to like it because they  can sort of relate to her feelings with &quot;peter&quot; i think that's  his name but i recomend it to those who want to know what it was like  during that time period or who just wnt to read something but they don't  know what
6300214559|5.0|I count this as one of the most powerful movies I have ever seen (I've watched it at least twenty times, and will continue to).  Although the producers embellished the historical accounts, the majority of the story  remains true.  Jane's testimony is accurate, sometimes almost word-for-word  from the accounts in Foxe's Book of Martyrs.  Her story is one of faith,  love, strength, and hope that &quot;the strong can be good.&quot;  If you  have any interest in British history or martyrs of Christianity, you must  see this.  &quot;If men believe things strongly, they should be willing to  die for them.&quot; (Jane) As Jesus Christ died for us . . . because He  loved and believed in us.
B00003CWOL|5.0|C'mon! Kevin Smith is the best new director on the scene! (Well '95 new) Conversations that last 10 minutes? For those of you without A.D.D. buy this movie. If you liked Clerks or MALLRATS you'll love this... especially  if you're &quot;not of the faith.&quot;
6304025831|2.0|This movie lost two, possibly two and an half stars of rating because of the excessive, gratuitous, revolting violence that exceeded that contained in any other movie I have seen, including, perhaps, Faces of Death.  I am  no pascifist peacenick, and I enjoy movies in which Clint Eastwood, Bruce  Willis, Mel Gibson, Bruce Lee, etc... puts a bullet between the bad guy's  eyes, breaks his neck, runs a sword through the antagonist, etc...  But  this movie is not about justice triumphing over evil, guy in white hat  killing guy in black hat.  The violence in this movie is far more graphic,  far more disturbing, far more frighteningly realistic than in any other  movie I have seen.  The main difference is that this movie contains as many  violent scenes as your average action thriller, but these are not fighting  or combat scenes, but stark, bloody executions.  Ranging from Pesci  stabbing a guy to death, repeatedly perforating his jugular with a pen over  an innocuous comment, to Pesci's final brutal death by baseball bat, there  is nothing heroic about any of these scenes, just morbid.  This is the one  and only movie in which I got up in the middle and walked out to the lobby  for a break because of the violence.<br />As for the acting, DeNiro does a  fine job.  Pesci is compelling as a completely amoral psychopath, but  essentially it is the exact same role he has played in every other movie he  has made, but with much more anger, excessive use of the &quot;f&quot; word  (at least once every 10 words, literally) and with no humor.  Stone was  kind of mediocre.  The story would be excellent if the violence was toned  down to the level of one of the Godfather movies (if that gives you an  indication of how bad this was).<br />The only appropriate use I can imagine  for this movie is as a psychological testing device.  I think that all 9th  graders should be forced to watch this movie and if their reaction  afterwards is &quot;Cool!,&quot; then they should be sent straight to  counseling to prevent the development of another Columbine situation.
B0000296SI|4.0|The members of Blink 182 are not &quot;cute&quot; and &quot;handsome&quot; and other bull$h!t like that.  They are punks, they make punk music and thats it.  Ask youself this, What band was travis in before Blink 182?  If  you know this answer than i know you probably beleve exactly what i do, but  if you know the answer cause u read it in one of your girl mags, or you  don't know the answer, than get out of here.  Espically if u r buying the  Edited Version cause your Mommys and Daddys don't like u listing to music  with naughty words in it.  U wanna listen to some good Blink, buy Budda or  Cheshire Cat.  If you don't like these albums,  than u are NO Blink 182  fan.
0783241569|5.0|I could not think of one word to describe this movie. If you are a romantic nut like i am you will love this lightly whitty, suttlely spicy lovingly romantic movie. WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT HUGH GRANT COULD BE FUNNY  BUT HE IS GETTING BETTER AND BETTER,
B00000IPAX|5.0|Enema's okay but I like Dude Ranch a lot better. It has more of a punk feel. Enema is more pop than it is punk. Blink 182 used to be my favorite band (in fact, Tom and I lived in the same city while he was in high  school, which was Poway, California) but then they changed. I'm hoping  their next cd will ditch the pop 'cause they're losing a lot of their old  fans and getting a bunch of new teeny bopping fans who are just going to  leave them once they're over the age of thirty (So Tom, Mark, and Travis,  don't change your music just for those fifteen minutes of fame.) So if you  want punk, I suggest going somewhere else for it like Blink's older stuff,  Nirvana, the Ramones, the Offspring's older stuff, Green Day, or  Godsmack.<br />P.S. I gave five stars because I like the songs, I just prefer  their older stuff.
B00001OH7U|5.0|It's a tragedy that Bowie himself can't remember any of the events that went into the making of this 6-track, filler-free magnum opus.  This album is great from beginning to end.  Starting out with the 10 minute+  &quot;Station To Station,&quot; which is almost symphonic in it's  composition, we take a train ride into pop music.  &quot;Station To  Station&quot; is considered by many to be Bowie's best song, with Bowie not  even singing until 3 minutes, 17 seconds in.  After that, we head off with  a slow start crescendoing to a grand finale of a song.  &quot;Golden  Years&quot; is pure pop.  It's rumored that Elvis Presley was offered to  sing this, but turned it down.  It's not not to tap your feet and dance to  this one.  &quot;Word On A Wing&quot; is probably Bowie's plea to God.   Apparently, it was answered, since Bowie kicked the habit and left for  Germany shortly thereafter.  &quot;TVC15&quot; is another pop number.  It's  one of the most catchiest things you'll ever heard that you'll enjoy having  stuck in your head.  &quot;Stay&quot; is the backwards version of  &quot;Station To Station.&quot;  The last 2 or so minutes are a  instrumental (his next album, &quot;Low,&quot; really delved into the art  of instrumentals.)  It's probably the least exciting song of the album.   &quot;Wild Is The Wind&quot; is the only cover song on this album (and it  was recently covered again on the George Michaels album &quot;Songs of the  20th Century.&quot;)  It's a plaintive love song, with one of the most  theatrical pleas (&quot;Don't you know you're life...itself! &quot;)  Bowie  shines on this album.  If you go out and buy this right now, you will never  look back and you will never be disappointed.
B0000025SB|5.0|I believe this to be the best album that floyd ever put out, though I know that there are a few other people who might disagree.<br />None the less, a great album.
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid rock is right on top of things.  He is a talented artist and combines rock and rap music with ease. This CD is a great buy.  I recomend it to all my friends.
6303039456|4.0|i liked the spin of the film.it was very spirited&amp;good intention film.The Warmth of Jamaica meets the Winter Olympics.a good story.i really liked this film.
6301902645|4.0|Do you like driving?  Do you like Porsches?  If you answered yes to either, you'll like Le Mans.  It is virtually a documentary on the Le Mans 24 Hour race.  Plenty of great racing footage, a mixture of scenes shot for  the movie and actual footage from the 1970 event.  The prototype sports  cars from this era are quite stunning, resembling vehicles from a science  fiction movie (lots of Porsches!).  They hired &quot;real&quot; racing  drivers to drive the cars, along with Steve McQueen himself, also an avid  racer.  (Note: One of the drivers crashed during a practice session and  lost a leg; i.e., no &quot;smoke and mirrors&quot; here, this is the real  thing.)<br />On the other hand, if you answered no to the questions above,  there is little in this movie for you.  The acting is pretty weak.  There  is a faint attempt to draw the viewer into the human drama of racing.  I  don't think most &quot;non racers&quot; will be captivated by any of this.
B000005H7D|5.0|In San Francisco there is a church of St. John Coltrane, they have weekly services, and they have a weekly radio show.  Let me try to explain why I'm comfortable with the &quot;St. John&quot;.  What makes a saint?  A saint  performs miracles.  Coltrane was fortunate in that when he performed his  miracles a tape was rolling.  For example, I consider his solo on  &quot;Blue Train&quot; miraculous.  Let me elucidate:  I'm a saxophonist  myself, and I can play a mean blues solo (not great, but mean), and I can  listen to a great blues solo and while I could not have played the solo, I  can imagine how it was played, and I recognize the player as a fellow  mortal.  But with some Trane solos, e.g. on &quot;Blue Train&quot;, it's  too much.  I can't imagine how anyone could have played it, it's too fast,  the energy level is too high, the lines are too perfect, the creativity is  too great, it's giving expression to an emotion that is too deep.  It  simple doesn't seem possible that anyone could have played that solo.  It  is beyond comprehension, awe inspiring.  A miracle?  Check it out.<br />So,  you might think, it's inaccessible, for the aficionado only.  Nope.  They  released &quot;Blue Train&quot; as a 45!  I heard it on the student union  jukebox when I came to U.C. Berkeley.  It is as accessible as it  gets.<br />Jazz is ephemeral, everything has to be right for the best  performances, and everything was perfect on this date.  The players were  all at the absolute top of their games, the tunes were great, the mood was  right, it's a great record in every respect.
6305750750|5.0|An all around excellent movie. The only flaw I saw in The Phantom Menace was Jar Jar Binks. George if you every read this, PLEASE leave out Jar Jar Binks in Episode II &amp; III. Otherwise a truely awesome film. The  Lightsaber duel at the end of the movie cannot be beat. Excellent!
B000002NBY|5.0|i have always respected the work of Paul Simon.his will to challenge himself is the mind of genius.combining the influence of South African Music is a bold and smart move all at once.the arrangements are richly  done.a great pop record.the writing&amp;production are solid on this set.
B00003CXDU|5.0|Star Trek fans will recognize a world of scenarios from Galaxy Quest and will envoke memories of ST, STNG, and even Babylon 5.<br />Tim Allen IS Captian Kirk in a world gone commercial.  The supporting cast is a perfect  complement to Allen's &quot;Commander&quot;.<br />Subtle dialog and gestures,  special effects, a well chosen cast make this movie an entertainment  delight.
B000001IPL|5.0|This album is the best C.D. ever! All the songs are pure genius.The songs have true meaning behind them and they dont have stupid words.The lyrics to these songs are extremely clever and if you are like me, you can relate  some of the problems that are expressed in these songs to your life.At  first you may only like 4 or 5 songs on this album, but once you start to  appreciate the lyrics and the music, you will love every song on this C.D.  This was the first Offspring album that i bought, and it is the best one.  Ive had this C.D. for over 2 years and it still never leaves my C.D.  player.I really appreciate what The Offspring have done,thanks to them for  speaking out for a generation of teenagers and thanks to them for helping  me cope with my problems.Also check out the other Offspring albums  &quot;Ignition&quot; and &quot;Ixnay on the Hombre&quot;. They arent as  good as Smash, but they are still extremely good and worth every penny that  you pay for them.
0451191153|2.0|I feel that in this book Roark had many rejections, but he stood strong on his beliefs.
0783226160|4.0|John Belushi was a very funny guy.this film is a non-stop Laughathon.John Landis is great when it comes to Comedy.he has the touch.Belushi is a fool in this film.everything seems to work for the most part.
B00000J8EK|5.0|This CD is amazing.  This is some of the most creative, high-quality new music I have heard in a long time.  You might have to listen to it a few times before you understand it, so try to keep an open mind.  The Sunshine  Underground, Under the Influence and Surrender are my favorite tracks
B00000DHRZ|1.0|If you have seen my reviews for &quot;Ignition&quot;, &quot;Smash&quot;,and &quot;Ixnay on the Hombre&quot; you are probably wondering how i could give them five stars and then give this one only one,  but here's why: I have been a fan of The Offspring since I first heard  Smash and i have loved them ever since, but this album ruined it.I loved  &quot;Ignition&quot;,&quot;Smash&quot;, and &quot;Ixnay on the Hombre&quot;  but this album took a giant fall for my favorite band. The songs on this  album have no meaningful lyrics and the guitar riffs just arent the same.  Now, if you are a fan of the backstreet boys or nsink you may like this  album, but for someone who liked The Offspring's earlier albums,you will  probably hate this one. The Offspring has been my favorite band for the  past 3 years, but this album dissapointed me. I dont see how they could go  from a great album like &quot;Ixnay&quot; to this.Although this album is  horribly pathetic,they are still my favorite band just because of their  earlier works.
0449241424|5.0|Dear sir,      This is my first review on this book<br />     I like that very much I like to do my  Project on that books . The book are &quot;Anthills of savannah&quot; , &quot;Arrow of God&quot; and this  book.<br />     This is my Post Graduate Project work so Please Help me On  this topic.<br />     Awaiting For your details
B000023VR6|5.0|I would like to say first that i think it is unfair of people to say this album is no good just because &quot;The Chronic&quot; was probably one of the best R'n'B albums of the decade. &quot;2001&quot; is in my opinion  along with Jay-Z's &quot;Vol:2&quot; one of the best albums of the last 5  years. When you define R'n'B you have to mention Dr Dre, 2-Pac, Snoop Dogg  etc... This album features some of the hottset new and old rappers around  today including Snoop Dogg and Eminem. In my opinion this album is a must  have for all R'n'B and Hip Hop lovers.
B000002BPS|5.0|The Offspring took a bit of heat for signing to a major label in 96 after the breakthrough success of their genius album &quot;Smash&quot;.But the truth is, they didnt lose any edge at that point (the loss of edge came  after this album with that dissapointing &quot;Americana&quot; album).This  album may not be as good as Smash or Ignition, but the songs have more  meaning behind them.There is true pain expressed in the lyrics of  &quot;Gone Away&quot;.The other great songs on this album have lyrics about  being yourself and being an individual.&quot;All I Want&quot;,&quot;Leave  It Behind&quot;,&quot;The Meaning of Life&quot;, and &quot;Amazed&quot; are  great songs with great lyrics.Those songs are some of Offspring's best  ever.The songs talk about teenage problems and the words on this album and  the other two great Offspring albums &quot;Smash&quot; and  &quot;Ignition&quot; can really help you deal with your problems.I highly  recommend that you get this album and the other two that i mentioned, all  of them are extremely good albums.But however dont be fooled, the albums  &quot;The Offspring&quot; and &quot;Americana&quot; are nothing compared to  these other three albums.Those two albums lack meaningful lyrics and good  punk rock music.So just buy &quot;Smash&quot;, &quot;Ignition&quot;, and  &quot;Ixnay on the Hombre&quot; because they are the best of the best.
B000002H97|5.0|this is awesome and its still they're 3rd best cd! thats how awesome this group is. my fav is nothing else matters. a must have just like puppets or lightning.
0064440346|5.0|Owl at home is more than a simple sweet childrens story. This book is actually an analogy to Walt Emerson's essay &quot;Nature&quot; and I am the author. After studying Zen Buddhism for twelve years as a Japanese archer I  began to feel within me the spirit of our beloved Owl.  Owl is a creature  of nature like you and me who exists in a constant search of finding how he  exists in relationship to the world.  As he explores his role in the world  he learns valuable lessons that teach him healthy perspectives until he at  last transcends the boundaries he has attempted to define by being content  with his good round friend, the moon.
B0000070SG|5.0|I grew up on this record in the early 70's with the proper &quot;special fx&quot; as accompaniment... The peak moment for me was in 1972-1973 when the only tape in my (homebuilt) 8 track was a copy of this album which I  used to play again and again in my 1960 Mercury Park Lane Turnpike Crusier.  An old car with a bubble windshield, it was like driving a spaceship around  the (Dallas) world and &quot;In Search Of Space&quot; was the perfect  soundtrack for my cruising...<br />&quot;Technicians of Space Ship Earth  This  Is Your Captain Speaking Your Captain Is Dead&quot;<br />Or in other words,  this, for me, is the essential Hawkwind. Web commentary sez Lemmy played  bass on the lp but it does not sound like him, I tend to believe the  credits on the lp instead. Dave Brock and Nik Turner, together, making  sounds that they both agreed on, that is Hawkwind. Sing along to &quot;You  Should Do That, You Shouldn't Do That&quot;, play &quot;We Took A Wrong  Step Years Ago&quot; for your girlfriend, my favorite other two songs are  &quot;Adjust Me&quot; and &quot;Master Of The Universe&quot; (original) and  the whole lp is really special, I cannot do a special thing here but all  you zombies, enjoy!  (And Terry Ollis, drums, are you still around? - your  drums were perfect!...} - darms
6305750750|2.0|This movie is nothing more than a very pale shadow of the older movies. The characters were weak, the plot was weak, and Jar-Jar was nothing more than a marketing ploy for kids.  I am a Star Wars fan and have been since I  saw the first one on its debut night back in '77. I was 7 years old. That  movie and its sequels were magic to me. They taught virtue and allowed the  audience to care about the characters and their situation. This latest  installment had nothing to offer except wonderful visuals by the ILM team  and a great but anit-climatic duel.(why didn't Maul just slice Obi-wan on  his Pete Pan-esque leap?) The story lost its sense of mysticism as well.  Did we really need to know that the Jedi have micro-organisms in them that  help them commune with the Force? NO! That debased the whole premise of the  mystic and religious overtones of the originals. It didn't matter that Luke  probably had a higher midichlorian count than Ben did. We didn't need the  explanation! That would be like saying Jesus had a mojo-bag so he could  hear God. What a shame and a sham. <br />George, please, we can forget this if  you do another Episode I that has a meaningful plot and characters with  depth(other than 3D, Maya-generated characters), or at least end(kill)  Jar-Jar in the next movie. <br />I guess we all should have seen this coming.  Ewoks... need I say more?
B000023VTQ|2.0|I can't think of a movie where two stars had such little chemistry. Why Hugh wastes his time with the Julia Roberts character will remain a mystery throughout the whole movie.  She continually reminds us that she just wants  to be like every one else, but acts as if she if slumming it by hanging out  with him and his friends.  The corker is the nauseating lines she utters  when she tries to repair things.  BE AFRAID....BE VERY AFRAID - These words  will not only make you terribly queasy; unbelievably she repeats them for  good measure.  The whole theater groaned and then giggled in disbelief.   This sums up the whole movie. I gave two charitable stars only because I am  a sucker for London.
B000002BFZ|3.0|When I began buying Pearl Jam albums back in 1998, my friends told me that &quot;No Code&quot; was the last album I should buy, and that is only if I really liked the band.  I didn't see how a great band could divert from  there music so much.  I know know why they told me this.<br />&quot;No  Code&quot; is an album on its own, hardly comparable to other Pearl Jam  efforts.  It sounds like a Pearl Jam that listened to U2 and R.E.M all  year.  It's just no &quot;Vitalogy&quot;, so don't buy it expecting to be  one.<br />The album opens with piano (that's right, piano) and a light guitar.   The song &quot;Sometimes&quot; is a spiritual-searching song that builds  throughout but never gets close to heavy.  &quot;Who You Are&quot; is a  middle-eastern influenced song in which the instruments are always going,  but once again always at a soft pace.  There are several of these songs;  the acoustics &quot;Off He Goes&quot; and &quot;Around the Bend&quot; are  the most gentle songs the band has ever done.  All of these ballads are OK,  but none stand out.  When you base an album completely on ballads, they  should at least have been as good as Pearl Jam's brilliant ones  (&quot;Nothingman&quot;, &quot;Lowlight&quot;).<br />Some ballads are better  than others.  &quot;In My Tree&quot; is a U2-like song that works quite  well, starting out quietly and then building to a powerful end.  &quot;I'm  Open&quot; is a simple but great spoken-word song that reminds you of  R.E.M.  &quot;Smile&quot; and &quot;Red Mosquito&quot; are Neil Young  ripoffs, but cathy nonetheless (&quot;Red Mosquito&quot; definetely sounds  better live).  &quot;Present Tense&quot;, the best soft song on the album,  begins very quietly but then ends as a power rocker.<br />&quot;No Code&quot;  has just four rockers.  &quot;Hail, Hail&quot; has something to do with  Vedder's broken heart, but it falls flat.  &quot;Lukin&quot; is a 62-second  rager about God knows what.  Stone Gossard sings the rocker  &quot;Mankind&quot;.  He's a great songwriter (he wrote &quot;All Those  Yesturdays&quot; on &quot;Yield&quot;, after all) and guitarist, but he's  not a very good singer.  Finally, &quot;Habit&quot; is by far the album's  best song, raging about drugs and ending with a killer solo.<br />This band is  great.  Eddie Vedder still shines like always, but this time not with rage.   Gossard and Mike McCready are good on those guitars.  Jack Irons was the  best drummer the band ever had.  However, this is not a great album.  Even  after the initial shock wears off and you listen to it repeatedly, this  album will never shine to your ears.  I'll give you the advice my friends  did; make sure you like their other albums first, then buy this one.  If  you're hung up on &quot;Ten&quot;, avoid this at all costs.
6300216268|2.0|I'm sorry that I have to go against the grain here; I love aternative movies like the best of them, but this was just too weird. Life-affirming, I suppose, but it gave me a sick feeling. Faking the morose deaths,  attending funerals for people he doesn't know, and the teenage boy being  with a 79 year old woman (it's been awhile, I'm not sure if she's 69 or 79)  is just too much. The PG rating should be stronger.  I felt a weird  sensation in the pit of my stomach after watching this movie.  But, if  you're going for ultra-weird and kinky, you would be well-served to watch  this movie; it does have its merits.
6305750750|5.0|I feel bad for sci-fi fans who are so caught up in themselves and what they percieve to be a &quot;perfect movie&quot; that they couldn't enjoy a fun, entertaining, and warm movie like this.<br />From start to finish, I was  completely caught up in another world.  Lucas's masterpiece has the ability  to sweep you away for two hours and take you on an exciting journey like no  other film has.  This movie is a throwback to &quot;old-time&quot;  entertainment that is &quot;good vs. evil&quot; and exciting and FAMILY  ORIENTED.<br />I do not consider myself a huge Star Wars fan, but I absolutely  loved this film.  Avoid the opinions of all the Star Wars nuts who would  not have been satisfied if Lucas had shot a four hour epic on LOCATION in a  galaxy far away with real Jedi.<br />The story is great (and emotional when  you realize what the future holds for some of the characters), special  effects are astounding, and characters are cool.  What else do you want?   <br />NEWSFLASH:  Two hours and 20 min of Darth Maul would not make a good  movie (although some would have you believe so).  I liked him too, but I  don't think the movie sucks because I personally would have liked to see  more of him!  He was supposed to be a menacing background character (hence:  The Phantom Menace), not a new Darth Vader.  So...get a grip, loosen up,  allow yourself to have fun and watch this one for what it IS:  a fun and  entertaining movie, not a Godsent gift of filmmaking perfection aimed  directly at you...
0679746048|5.0|I absolutly loved Girl, Interrupted.  However, I read the book before seeing the movie, and was very glad that I did so.  Although I thought the movie was good, the book was so moving and wonderful.  I HIGHLY suggest it  for all ages, for it is a FANTASTIC read!
B000001E3V|5.0|Through the years Clapton has played with many bands and with many great musicians.  The Dominoes might not be virtuosos on each instrument, but the whole is greater then the sum of the parts.  They were the perfect medium  for Clapton to play and sing at his best.  Years from now, when grandkids  ask &quot;what was rock n roll like&quot;, this is the album to play for  them.
B00000G3PA|1.0|It's a great title for a movie, but sad to say the story is not there.  The plot simply becomes ridiculous and maybe they should have thought about some editing.  It runs too long.  Liv Tyler is funny in this movie,  unfortunately she didn't intend to be.  If you like special effects then go  with it.  It's a popcorn movie, but the world in not any better for this  film having been made.
B000002IOW|2.0|&quot; Hold Your Fire&quot; culminated the 80's Rush, building on the innovations brought forth on &quot; Power Windows&quot;. I anxiously awaited this; the start of a new decade, with a new label and a different  producer from the last two records. What a dissappointment.
0140282033|4.0|This was an enjoyable read - a flawless depiction of the strggle between good and evil.  I loved the story and found only the ending to be trite and contrived.  The writing is beautiful and the characters became friends.   I'd recommend to most anyone for the enjoyment.
B000003TAR|5.0|Even if this is more polished and commercialized than Nirvana's legendary breakthrough album »Nevermind«, in my ears it is the best Nirvana album ever!<br />From the very first tunes of the brilliant opener »Serve The  Servants« via poppish hits like »Heart-Shaped Box« and roaring flip-outs  right to the beautiful slowgrunger »All Apologies«, Nirvana provides the  spoiled ear with brilliantly written, well-performed, sometimes  challenging, superb grunge.<br />The best track among almost only good tracks  is »Pennyroyal Tea« which was to be released as a post-mortem single.
6303168507|5.0|No, is the short answer. To expand, this is one of the few films I have seen in recent years that has really moved me - so much so that I felt desolate afterwards. The casting is excellent, the mood is gripping and  horrific, the direction is some of the finest ever, and (whilst it seems an  obvious thing to pick up on) the decision to shoot in black and white  really made all the difference. Watching this, it makes me feel so ashamed  to be human - in our history, we have had an unfortunate knack for making  each other suffer, but never has any suffering been so great as that caused  in the holocaust, and the brief coda at Schindler's grave hammers home how  indelible it is in the minds of those who experienced it and survived to  tell the tale. I don't recall how it did at the Oscars, but it at least  deserved to win for Best Actor and Best Director. This is more than a film  - it is a sad testament to an evil period in our history, and everyone  should see it - whether or not you think you can steel yourself, it is  simply something you must do.
B000003TA4|5.0|»Nevermind« is one of the best albums of the 1990's. It marked that rock was in no way dead but had developed into something more raw, something more explicit and root-based. The press had to find a name for this  phenomenon and called it &quot;grunge&quot;.<br />Apart from superhits like  »Smells Like Teen Spirit«, »Come As You Are«, and the best Nirvana song of  all times, »Lithium« (»I like it, I'm not gonna crack...«), this album  contains a lot of other brilliant songs like the daringly silent »Something  In The Way« or the melodic »On A Plain«. In fact, nearly every song on  legendary »Nevermind« is great.<br />An album which belongs in your record  collection!
0618002219|4.0|My book is about a hobbit named Biblo Baggins. All he wants is to live in peace and quiet. It was a wonderful book.I like mediviel evil times, so I found this book interesting. Read it; it's magical.
B0000035E7|4.0|This is probably how Cobain &amp; Co. wanted their band to sound in the first place.<br />»Bleach« is less commercial, less polished, less mature, but in a way more charming than its descendants.<br />Personally, I do prefer »In  Utero« and »Nevermind«. But »Bleach« is hard to ignore as a very important  step on the way of development of Nirvana's music.
6305750750|2.0|I am amazed at all the 5 star reviews on this board. Are we talking about the same movie? I saw the original STAR WARS in the theatre almost 50 times and I even enjoyed the cheesy-ness of ROTJ. I feel like STAR WARS was the  biggest influece on my childhood and it holds a special place in my heart.   <br />That being said, Episode 1 was a HUGE disappointment for me. I don't  care what they do with this &quot;boxed-set&quot;, the movie is still going  to disappoint whether it's DTS, Widescreen, etc. <br />I didn't expect it to  live up to all the hype, but I didn't expect that the plot and charcters  would be as one-dimensional as a Power Rangers episode. I am well aware of  the flaws of the first three movies. But Epsiode 1 lacked all the charm,  enthusiasm, characters, and emotion of the first three. Yes, the CGI,  Podrace, and light sabre duel were great, but THAT'S IT. Darth Maul could  have been an icredible villian had he been given half a chance. What a  waste of great actors and some of the best talent ever assembled on a  movie. Special Effects are nice, but without enjoyable characters and a  coherent plot, you have yourself another Wing Commander movie. <br />I just  hope Lucas can redeem himself in Episode 2 and find some time to give us  the DVD versions in some form before the next millenium.
B00000J7JO|3.0|»Californication« looks like a comeback after the impressive »Blood Sugar Sex Magik«... but in the long run, it is not.<br />There are a few great tracks on it, such as »Parallel Universe«, »Easily« and the title  track.<br />The rest may be inspired and creative but it seems as if RHCP is  only able to go through with it by routine. All in all, the album gives an  impression of lacking courage, motivation and real commitment.<br />Pity,  'cause the potential in the songs could have been developed into a great  album.
0064400018|5.0|Little House in the Big Woods by Laura Ingalls Wilder is a excellant book. The book has a great veiw from the 1860's. There is Mary,Laura,Ma,Pa,Black Susan the cat and Jack the dog. They have a nice garden in the yard. The woods in Wisconsin is very nice. I really injoyed the book because it shows  how they did things in 1860's. Includes how to churn butter and so much  more.
B000002MG1|5.0|This is simply a classic! I have never ever met a person who has not fallen for this album. This is where R.E.M. shows its full strength, the climax of the band's musically genius development.<br />Almost every single  song is a hymn, an accomplished individual piece of music. One song more  beautiful than the other. With peaks such as »Find The River«, »Man On The  Moon«, »Nightswimming« and the great, great starter »Drive«.<br />It is  beautiful, it is multi-harmonic, it is music on a very, very high level!
B00000K22N|5.0|Take a deep breath and let yourself go!  Enigma's first Cd puts you in another world and takes you for a ride.  The music just isn't good to relax or dance to but it takes hold of your mind and brings up images from your  darkest fantasies.  Crosses, demons knights, blakc leather clad worriers  naked men and women are just a few things that pop into my mind when I put  on this CD.  My favorite track of all and the reason I got the box set is  &quot;Saddness violent mix&quot;  Gives me chills just listening to it.  A  great journey overall.
6304924216|1.0|The Jackal with Gere and Willis was the worst picture I have ever seen. If you liked The Jackal you will like Face/Off. Lots of action, dumb dialog, stupid plot...just plain boring.
B00003IPFK|5.0|I always said I would not buy a DVD player until Lonesome Dove was out on DVD. It is and I am elated. This is a great western with great actors and is worth it at any price.
B000002UAC|5.0|For me this was the beginning of a long (36 years and counting) love affair with rock 'n' roll.  I was an 11-year-old kid when I first saw the Beatles on the Ed Sullivan Show.  Within a week I convinced my parents to  let me buy &quot;Meet the Beatles.&quot; And being the only record I owned,  I played it non-stop for weeks.  This album became a defining moment in my  life.  As such I freely admit it influences my review.  Because of this  album, I eventually bought my first guitar, played in a cover band through  high school and have extended my record collection to more than 6,000  titles.<br />Okay, now the music.  First of all the Beatles recordings are now  only released in the original British configuration.  So Meet the Beatles  is now  With the Beatles, which means it does not include  their first U.S.  single &quot;I Want to Hold Your Hand,&quot; or the flip-side &quot;I Saw  Her Standing There,&quot; or even &quot;This Boy&quot;; but it does include  five songs that were on the U.S. release The Beatles Second Album. [I  understand why their albums are now released as they originally appeared in  England, but it plays havoc with my memories--after all, I memorized the  song sequence on the U.S. versions!]<br />Although the songrwiting of  Lennon-McCartney had made a quantum leap from their debut album Please  Please me, there were still five covers on their second album:  the ballad  &quot;Till There Was You&quot; from the Broadway musical The Music Man, a  raucus version of Chuck Berry's &quot;Roll Over Beethoven,&quot; and three  Motown classics, &quot;You Really Got a Hold on Me,&quot; &quot;Please Mr.  Postman&quot; and a powerful vocal from John on &quot;Money&quot;--a song  that dated back to their Cavern days.<br />The other nine songs are all  originals, including Harrison's first Beatles track to be recorded,  &quot;Don't Bother Me.&quot; The Lennon-McCartney songs are all terrific  songs, especially the urgent &quot;It Won't Be Long,&quot; the joyous  &quot;All My Loving&quot; and the melancholy &quot;Not a Second Time.&quot;   <br />The Beatles would continue to grow and mature as artists over the next  five years and produce perhaps more artistically creative music, but this  stateside debut will always having special meaning to me.  The music on  this disc captures a band that is vibrant and excited just to be alive and  doing what they loved best--making music. And for an all too brief period  in time, nobody did it better than the Beatles.  ESSENTIAL
0156711427|1.0|i can not believe people consider this book good literature. i am ashamed of the time i wasted reading this book. the plot is very very slow, and if you think the second half of the book will improve, i am sorry to say it  doesn't. this book does a pathetic job with sybolism and theme. i hated  this book. please read something else if you are considering reading it...
6304602979|5.0|This is a film filled with memorable moments and wonderful dialogue.  The plot centers around the love affair between Clarence(Christian Slater) and Alabama(Patricia Arquette) and the merry mixups that occur when,  after  shooting Alabama's pimp,  Clarence grabs the wrong suitcase.  Thinking he  was grabbing his wife's bag of clothes,  he instead grabs the suitcase full  of coke the pimp was moving for a local mobster.  And thus ensues a cross  country adventure that involves the mob,  the DEA,  a movie producer,  and  a cool looking purple cadillac.  Oh well,  these things happen  sometimes.<br />Anyway, there are too many standout moments to count them all,   but the two most memorable are:<br />Dennis Hopper explaining Sicilian  heredity to mobster Christopher Walken<br />and of course<br />Brad Pitt smoking  a fatty bong load out of a honeybear when the mobsters come to ask  directions.
B000003BDJ|5.0|Yes, this is an awesome CD. One of the best pre-boxed set greatest hits packages ever. A perfect disc to own if you only want/need one Stones CD in your pad. But that would make you a Beatles fan, looking for something to  rock-out on once in a while to break out of the pop music doldrums  (although I will admit Revolver and Abbey Road are excellent in their own  right). If you really want to hear what the Stones are all about, get  Beggars Banquet, Let It Bleed, Sticky Fingers and Exile On Main Street. Of  course, many of the tunes on the second disc of Hot Rocks are also included  on these CDs, so you're getting a lot of duplication for your money. My  suggestion: stick with the two Big Hits collections (High Tide &amp; Green  Grass and Through The Past, Darkly) for all those 60's singles ya gotta  have. Throw in Some Girls and you'll have an excellent Stones collection.
B000002572|5.0|Recently I began making my own &quot;soundtrack&quot; tapes of my life. The tapes include music from the time I was maybe six or seven till today at the new millenium. Am radio was big at the time and so were the Beatles.  They were coming up and on their third album, I believe, which was Hard  Days Night. Remember the harmonica in &quot;I should have known  better&quot;? Sound familiar today? Sounds like &quot;Peace of Mind&quot;?  It's amazing how the family tree of rock connects if you follow it. Boston  is the outgrowth of a concept from the mind of the Beatles with the input  of Tom Scholtz (and of course, some YES). Like creates after like. Genius  gives birth to genius. One reviewer here says &quot;Smells like teen  spirit&quot; refers back to Boston. Hey, could be! Grunge loses me, but I  suppose it too has it's &quot;good&quot; along with it's bad. If you are an  historic rocker, you can't ignore Boston, to do  so is to ignore the  geneology of rock. You may not like the sound, and think it's too  repetititve, but &quot;Hard Days Night&quot; sounds all the same too. It's  their voice. And if you went to work every day with a different voice, they  would put you away. Don't listen to people who hate arena rock. It  happened. Deal with it. This is one of rocks brightest son's. Everyone  needs a Boston album in their collection. Even if they hate it. It will  give you credibility. I hated Blondie. But I do have one album. I just  can't imagine any anyone in their right mind trashing this album or the  band. If you do, you don't know what &quot;Good&quot; is.
6305265496|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen. I have watched it about 100000000 times. Drew Barrymore is a great actress in this movie, and so are the other actors and actresses. It is like the movie; Cinderella, but it has  some changes so it is very exciting. It has great scenery and beautiful  dresses and outfits. The castles and houses are beautiful too. This is the  GREATEST movie ever!
B000000WA4|2.0|The Smashing Pumpkins are quite possibly the most pretentious band of the 90's. With their odd artwork and peculiar song titles they often pretend to be something other than a rock band. Guess what? They're just a rock band!  As annoying as I find Billy Corgan's voice, I thought Siamese Dream was a  dreamy and beautiful record. So where does it all fall apart in MCIS?  Around the middle of disc 1, and it's just as dreary on disc 2. There are  some hidden gems, such as 'thirty-three' and '1979', but 'tales of a  scorched earth' is absolute dreck. Sounds like Billy is screaming loud  about nothing. However, this is an album loaded with memorable songs, some  of the best the Pumpkins have ever done. If this had been a single album,  with say, eleven or twelve songs, it would have eclipsed the genius of  Siamese Dream. As it is, MCIS is a two hour epic journey through numbing  noise.
0670880728|5.0|This book is so funny! I loved it. It's great light reading, although sometimes Bridget's insecurities get annoying.  But, if you like Ally McBeal, you've got to read this book.
3895084581|5.0|'Treasure Island' is one of those books everybody's heard of, but not everyone has read.  I didn't read it when I was a kid, but because it's an all-time classic, I finally read it recently. I'm very glad I did - I  thought it was great.  It's often billed as a &quot;boys' adventure  story&quot;, but it's far more than just that - the superb writing,  fantastic characters and exciting story transcend age and gender.  Read it  yourself, then give it to your kids - an enjoyable book for everyone.
B000001FI7|5.0|The combination of the bass and the vocals is chilling! It's penetrating and effective! I love them!
0790729385|4.0|I was very terrified when i watched the movie and it really imperssed me with it's filming and and production. I have seen it's documentery,and compering it with the film, very fascinating. It is a movie that brought up  a true story of the unixpected.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This album can be described in one word: Awesome.  EVERY song is great, no need for skipping tracks... just pop in the disc, sit back, and enjoy the brilliance that is Enema of the State.  This cd is really, truly  unbeleivable.  What more can I say other than BUY IT!
B00003W8NM|5.0|I was on a streak of bad movies before I saw this masterpiece, and it provoked me to see it 3 more times.  It combines a unique blend of comedy, action, drama, and even a great mid-movie plot twist to form, in my  opinion, the greatest movie of all time!  Norton's character is especially  cool - you can relate to him in a lot of things, whereas Pitt's character  proves to be the exact opposite - a man who has the ability to let  &quot;that which does not matter...truly slide.&quot;  I now have the movie  poster adorning my door.  GO SEE THIS MOVIE, and take your friends and  family with you!
B00000J7S8|5.0|What a sweet surprise when I heard this album got the grammny nomination.  This was my first Diana Krall CD and will not be my last.  Love her voice, the arrangements, and her piano playing. The perfect music for an evening  of romance.   My favorite track?  I've Got a Crush on You.  Try it!
6303109950|3.0|I, along with many others, think that Val's performance was worthy of an Oscar.  His was the only redeeming character in this film.  Kurt &quot;I Love a good Disney flick&quot; Russel was, as always, totally overacting.   Val stole the show!  He not only had the best lines, but was more  convincing in his performance than any &quot;Doc Holliday&quot; I have  witnessed.  Yes, I have witnessed them all!  It is a total shame that Val  did not take home an Oscar for this film, and even more of a blunder, that  he was not even nominated.  But, those Hollywood people, what do they know  about acting!
B00000253N|5.0|I think that people are overlooking the thing that makes Dylan great. It isn't the pain or the lyrics or even the music. It's the stories he tells and the way that those stories become a small universe with real  characters. As someone who is very conscious of the portrayal of women,  especially by men, I don't think the point of this album is misogyny as one  reviewer suggests.(I also don't think that Kerouac is the man to point to  to refute Dylan; his own portrayal of women is often less than flattering.  He also wrote &quot;On the Road&quot; while living over his mother's  garage, even though he was certainly old enough to support himself at the  time. That fact suggests his critique of Dylan was motivated more out of  jealousy than social consciousness about the treatment of women.) Dylan  flatters no one on this album, including himself, and it is often he that  is painted as weak. Only &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; comes across as nasty and  graceless, and I would have preferred it be put on a different album, as it  interrupts the flow of songs. But other songs like &quot;Shelter from the  Storm&quot;, &quot;Simple Twist of Fate&quot;, &quot;Buckets of Rain&quot;,  &quot;Meet Me in the Morning&quot; and &quot;Tangled Up in Blue&quot; all  convey a tenderness that is rarely achieved in any medium. This album is  worth owning. You will not be sorry that you bought it. (Unless, of course,  you want to listen to Dylan because you think he's going to be a great  technical singer. I promise you'll be disappointed then. He emotes. He does  not hit glass-shattering notes on songs with names like  &quot;Emotions.&quot;)
0064400018|4.0|I think thas  book is very detailed and very interesting. I think everyone should read it because it is about how Laura Ingalls Wilder and her family lived with no neighbors, no stores, and no help to hunt.
B000003TA4|5.0|It strikes me that after reading through some reviews of this CD it attracts the same sort of extreme reactions as my favorite Sgt Pepper. I  sympathise with you Nirvana fans who cop all these negative reviews,usually  written by people with a specific axe to grind.With the Beatles it's the  disgruntled stones/elvis fans or just jealous twits.With Nirvana it's your  80's metal/stones! fans.Any others? Tall poppies attract the negative  turkeys en masse. There are others too. Dark side,<br />never mind the  bollocks,abbey road etc etc all attract the nay sayers and their one star  reviews. So I thought Id give this 5 stars to get the  average up a  bit.Although Im not a particular fan of grunge,I like Nirvana and see a lot  of similarities between them and the Beatles/Oasis. If you like alternative  rock this is a CD worth getting if only for smells like teen spirit and  come as you are.Top notch.
0375707972|1.0|The first half was so so, the second have was a sleeping pill !
6302517052|5.0|I've always loved horror movies with a little bit of comedy put into it.  I think of these vicous fanged-furballs as mutated rolly-polly-like porcupines.  It's a great movie. If you like this type of space invader  movies.  I thought it was super!
B000002G6J|5.0|I first bought this album on vinyl, shortly it was released, already being a fan of Jobim.  I played the grooves off of it.  Now, I have it in CD.  It's doubtful anyone in the world has played and listened to this album  more than I have over the years. The appeal is threefold: First, Jobim's  music is relentlessly upbeat and mood elevating.  There is a happiness and  joy which never fails to make your outlook on life better. Second, the  music is relaxing.  It cuts through tension and removes the stress and  aggravation of everyday living. Third, it's rhythmic.  Brazilian beats are  recognized as the most expressive and soul-moving in the world.  If these  rhythms don't get your body subtly moving, you'll need life supports! If  you don't know Jobim or haven't listened to Brazilian Bossa Nova, start  here!  Jobim is the undisputed, heavyweight champion of the genre and THIS  album is at the absolute top of his work.  Do NOT miss it!
B00003IPFK|1.0|For a movie of this caliber, Hallmark and Artisan showed no respect in transferring this western epic to DVD. The movie looks like it was copied from an EP version of the videotape.<br />The picture quality was grainy and  dark. Much of the movie is blurry. You can actually see the scenes getting  lighter and darker as the movie progressed. It was so bad, I could not  watch the movie after the first hour. The Cabin Fever version on video tape  was so much better. <br />I am going to try and get my money back for this  poor effort. Please, do NOT buy this version. If you have to, rent it  first. Hallmark and Artisan have managed to make the worst DVD I have ever  seen.
B000002G6J|5.0|I first bought WAVE on vinyl, shortly it was released, already being a fan of Jobim.  I played the grooves off of it.  Now, I have it in CD.  It's doubtful anyone in the world has played and listened to this album more  than I have over the years. The appeal is threefold: First, Jobim's music  is relentlessly upbeat and mood elevating.  There is a happiness and joy  which never fails to make your outlook on life better. Second, the music is  relaxing.  It cuts through tension and removes the stress and aggravation  of everyday living. Third, it's rhythmic.  Brazilian beats are recognized  as the most expressive and soul-moving in the world.  If these rhythms  don't get your body subtly moving, you'll need life supports! If you don't  know Jobim or haven't listened to Brazilian Bossa Nova, start here!  Jobim  is the undisputed, heavyweight champion of the genre and THIS album is at  the absolute top of his work.  Do NOT miss it!
B00002DE0S|5.0|Chopins piano concertos always had to fight the critisism that the orchestral part was to much of a side dish to the piano. The recording made by Zimermann shows an entirely new light on these works. Zimermann excells  in what is probably the finest playing found in the world today (there were  even aspects I found 'new' and more exciting when compared to other great  performances, like for instance Rubinsteins'). But also the orchestra gives  more 'dimension' in this performance than I ever heard before. Even the  most fanatic Chopin listener will find something new in these performances.   I do not listen to the other performances I have anymore!<br />Recommend it  very, very much - as most of the other reviewers did...
B00000JGOH|4.0|I liked this movie, however, I was wondering how the script writers could make such a blunder as having Lord Wessex leaving with his bride for his plantation in Virginia.  The story is set in 1593, 14 years before the  first English settlement in the New World at Jamestown. Funny how Lord  Wessex not only arrived 14 years before the rest of his countrymen, but  also had a thriving plantation. I'm impressed.
0790736233|5.0|Contact is not like those other Sci-Fi movies. It's mostly psychologic, about people and their lives, their struggles, their goals. It is a masterpiece! A great cast, very-well directed! The special effects are  good. This movie is for those who loves Sci-Fi movies with a story! And  since most of those movies don't have any story or logic behing their big  amazing special effects, that's what makes CONTACT a classic, best  real/intelligent Sci-Fi movie that has been made so far. And then again,  Jodie Foster totally delivers!
B000002ITM|5.0|This was one of the first CDs I ever bought. I wasn't a Testament fan at the time, but I saw the video for &quot;Electric Crown&quot; on Headbanger's Ball and I was sold. In over 7 years, not a week has gone by  without listening to this album, it's THAT good. This album showcases Alex  Skolnick's phenomenal guitar prowess and Chuck Billy's surprising vocal  abilities. Every track on the album is solid, from the rampaging riffs of  &quot;Electric Crown&quot; and &quot;Let Go of My World&quot; to the slower  and more melodic &quot;Return to Serenity.&quot; As another reviewer has  stated, this album is to Testament what the Black Album is to Metallica...  something a bit slower and more thoughful, but still powerful in its own  respect. A must-own for any fan of non-death metal.
B000000P11|2.0|I bought this CD several years ago for one song - Swamp Thing - which is always a risk.  I love the song but the album is not all that great.  It seems self-involved, almost pretentious.  All I can think of is a bunch of  art school students dressed in black thinking that they are going to change  the face of music and this is what they came up with.  <br />The songs are not  too distinct from one another, the lofty and over-dramatic vocals fail to  impress.  Makes me think of a &quot;new wave&quot; Jethro Tull or  Marillion.<br />For me this was a pretty unimpressive disc.
B000009QO6|5.0|First I just have to say that this cd is fantastic!Play any one of these songs and you will be a instant fan of danzig. If you are tired of all this &quot;new age rock&quot; give danzig a shot. You will not be disapointed.
B000000XCH|5.0|This is not only Creedence's best album, but it's one of the best from 1970.  Sure, CCR was a singles band at the time, but their music has stood the test of time, something that should be commended.  There is, literally,  not a weak track on here.  Beginning (the jam workout &quot;Ramble  Tamble&quot;) to end (the timeless &quot;Long As I Can See The  Light&quot;), the recognizable and excellent tracks keep on comin'.  While  only 2 (&quot;Ramble Tamble&quot;, &quot;Ooby Dooby&quot;) of the 11 songs  on here don't appear on either of the 2 Chronicle discs, &quot;Cosmo's  Factory&quot; is essential.  While the Chronicles are excellent (they're  how I started out with CCR), with a group like this, it's best to get the  whole picture, and &quot;Cosmo's Factory&quot; is a superb place to start.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Darren has become my favorite male vocalist. He's like a male C&eacute;line Dion! I have both of the Savage Garden albums and this one is FAR better! ...and Darren doesn't look so weird anymore either.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Well , this sunday I was in my room , all along and like always seeing the X- Files and then in the end, I was soo moved when they play the song My Weakness ,,,,,it make me feel so good and bad,,,But it is a great Cd I love  it......
B000002HPV|5.0|Homogenic is Bjork's most confessional album. She really wears her heart on her sleeve. Which is why, after going through a year of stalkers and emotional breakups, she came out with this album. A way for the Icelandic  pixie to vent her frustrations and anger, (listen to Pluto and you'll see  how angry she is!) Yet she always finds happiness at the end (listen to All  Is Full of Love). This album is in a category all by itself.
B000002LCK|5.0|Well, for me it is anyway...I've been catching up with New Order songs ever since junior high, so every song reminds me of some time in my life since then.  I already had the &quot;best of&quot; compilation, which has  some of the same songs, &amp; it was half the price of this one, but it's  not enough for me now.  I figured I'd wait til I found it cheaper, &amp; lo  &amp; behold, I found it at a used cd shop today!  How dare someone return  it!  Enough  comments have been said already in describing this album, so  there ya go, read on.  Get this if you want the originals tracks of  &quot;Blue Monday&quot;,  &quot;Bizarre Love Triangle&quot;, &amp;  &quot;True Faith&quot; which was 1 reason I got this so I can have both  versions, as well as the original lengths, which some compilations (like  80's &amp; soundtracks) cut off around 4 minutes.  And, if you don't wanna  buy all of their albums (which isn't a bad idea unless you just got lots of  $$ to spend on cds), this is a great compilation, B sides included.  Pop,  techno, rock, whatever they are....they're a blend of all.  New Order is 1  of my all-time favorite bands (along with The Cure &amp; Depeche Mode),  &amp; can always put me in a better mood.  I've never a clue what the  lyrics are about, it just sounds good, especially loud!  Also, if you  haven't already done so, check out their even gloomier Joy Division days,  like the 'Permanent' or 'Substance' albums...a good balance of peppy (that  being as New Order) &amp; definitely-not-peppy (Joy Division).  Another  note...I've just recently discovered (like in the past year) what a great  bass player Peter Hook is, so go hear for yourself by buying this.
B000002HPV|5.0|Homogenic is Bjork's most confessional album. She really wears her heart on her sleeve. Which is why, after going through a year of stalkers and emotional breakups, she came out with this album. A way for the Icelandic  pixie to vent her frustrations and anger, (listen to Pluto and you'll see  how angry she is!) Yet she always finds happiness at the end (listen to All  Is Full of Love). This album is in a category all by itself.
B000005S0E|4.0|just for your information- Standing On The Beach was an ALBUM....Staring At The Sea was a VIDEO
0385486804|5.0|This book is an excellent one for high school students as well as for those older. High school teachers should consider using this book in their curriculum, as it would be a wonderful book for discussion and would spark  their students to do independent thought.
B0000009RX|5.0|awesome album though, best by the mother
B000046PVN|5.0|If there is a better soundtrack to a movie out there somebody tell me. Nothing compares to the quality of music John Williams created with this score.  NO theme has ever hit the mark than the  Superman March.  Any  Williams fan will love this as will any soundtrack fan.  The complete score  is finally here plus all the extras.  Listening to this gives me  goosebumps.
1572701137|5.0|The Cover to Cover Classics Audio version of &quot;Rebecca&quot; is outstanding (11 cassettes)... Anna Massey, the reader was exceptional and ranks up there in my favorite three readers.  This one is not to be missed  ... a real &quot;keeper&quot;.
0380730405|5.0|When I was younger I read this book. It kept me in suspense on every single page. I loved it so much.That is why I rated it a 5 star.
B00000IQW3|5.0|I grew up with this one.  I guess thats why I give it a very high rating.  Any movie that I watch, and have to watch again, and then get up early the next day to watch it again is a dang good movie.  Playing on the video  arcades of the 80s (Galaxian, Galaga, etc), I always imagined of being  picked up to fight good against evil.  Wow, its a killer movie that you  will never forget.  If you are a life-long toys-r-us kid, this movie is a  must.  The sound track is a classic too!
B00000F1D3|5.0|I'm from Russia and Cher's music is very popular in our country.And the reason of her popularity is &quot;Believe&quot;.More then year ago &quot;Believe&quot; was the best-selling album in Russia.I love Cher and  now I by other her albums. I hope, that we'll listen new Cher's songs soon.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|It just arrived today and I have to say that this is just the beginning of what has to be the best trilogy ever made. It is definately a cult classic, scarey as hell, Still makes you jump. Although you can tell that the budget  was not high, you are still sucked in and can't avert your eyes. I can't  wait for the other two to arrive now.
6305750750|1.0|This is the worst hyped movie I have ever seen.  There is none of the Star Wars magic in this film.  None of the characters in the film are sympathetic and Jar Jar is the worst creation in the history of film.   Buying this movie is like telling George Lucas that it is okay to make a  billion dollar movie with an awful script.  The worst thing about this  movie is that the computer special effects are the real star and there is  no humanity or soul in the film.  Star Wars was a great movie because it  had characters people could  relate to, but this movie has none.  DO NOT  WASTE  YOUR MONEY ON THIS WORTHLESS MOVIE.
B000002LOE|5.0|Although this is the only REM CD I have, I really love it! I love the lyrics, and all the tunes. &quot;Low&quot; is my all time favorite song on the CD because the lyrics totally relate to me. I also like &quot;Shiney  Happy People&quot; All of the songs are great though. If you want a great  alternative pop rock 80's sounding CD, get REM's Out Of Time, because Out  Of Time came Just In Time!
6304539258|5.0|I love all three star wars movies, and I was wondering if any of you who read this could help me.  My father and I have seen all of the star wars movies together and it is a &quot;father/daughter&quot; thing, now what I  want for a birthday present for my father is a set of the three  movies&quot;STAR WARS, EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, AND RETURN OF THE JEDI,&quot;  so if you please let me know how much you want for the films, I would be  willing to pay almost anything. Please help me. thank you  princezofdarknez@aol.com
0783226063|2.0|The special effects are good by today standards and they were excellent considering the time the movie was made, but after waching it, I keep thinkig that the title should be &quot;The making of Dune&quot;. It plays  more like a documentary than a story. You don't see what's going on, rather  you are told by the actors thoughts. Edition is clumsy and abrupt: you are  taken from one scene to another, with total disregard for plot or  storyline. If you love sci-fi (like I do), you will not think the movie was  a total waste. That's why I give it two stars instead of one.
0380973464|3.0|Hmm..Seems that my review was lost so here I go piecing together what I remember.<br />First, the novel is good.  Think of it as Eco's _foucault's Pendulum_ meets _Treasure Island_ on benzedrine.<br />The handling of the  complex plot was done well.  The tone was not as breezy as _Zodiac_ and  more reminiescent of _Snow Crash_.  Defintely for the geek and in  particular, a techno geek who will find that the book has a high  &quot;cool&quot; quotient.  Some things will be lost if you are not part of  that circle familiar with terms and technology.  For those who are there  are some very funny moments.<br />Now on to the unpleasant part.  I was sorely  disappointed that the female characters got very short shrift.  I had high  expectations because _Diamond Age_  surprised me by having complex female  and male characters.  Stephenson has consistently improved his writing and  ability to handle characters. Unfortunately, in this book he has lurched  back to female developement level of _Zodiac_.<br />My evidence is as  follows:<br />Amy Shaftoe (tough, but tender love object) Glory (Lost love)  Charlene (hostile, academic girlfriend) Mary Waterhouse (ineffectual wife  not concerned with everyday matters) Julietta (Finnish gun toting femme  fatale) Assorted hookers and nameless rape victims; oh yes one Waterhouse  aunt (Nina) and Virginia Howard (Devotees of Elmer Bolstrood  furniture);<br />The dialogue of the women were very limited and what was  there did not serve them very well.  The characters end up being very flat  and only as complements to the men.  Never as individual characters with  unique voices or thoughts.<br />Since Stephenson has decided to take the risky  path of sequels I hope that he will have better development of female  characters.  Otherwise, I will actually consider the Cryptonomicon as a  decline in character development<br />In essence it is Fun but not too deep.
B000007MVM|4.0|The music is very strange, and full of psychedelic references. I have no idea what to say about an arrangement.. It seems to be simplistic but it  seems to be trippy. Well, all lyrics are none sense.. Oh Well, What you can  expect from Syd whose head were full of acids..
B000002MJ0|5.0|This album is 12 years old, and still holds up as one of the best in my collection. This album, like very few others that i own, offers more than just a listening experience. It's a milestone in music history. This was  1988? and here's a guy who plays guitar chords with tremolo bar in hand. No  one had even attempted this at the time. Kevin Shields guitar tone is  almost 15 years old, and no one can replicate it even with todays  equipement. Guitar tones aside, this album goes far and beyond that. The  songs are nothing short of masterpeices. &quot;You Never Should&quot; is my  absolute favorite song of all time. And the heartbeat drumbeat in &quot;All  I Need&quot; is just spine tinglingly beautiful. one thing i am absolutely  sick of is people saying the vocals are too quiet. Those people obviously  aren't listening hard enough, and you should not take their reviews  seriously. Just because the vocals can sometimes be hard to make out,  doesn't mean this band isn't saying anything. They're saying lots, and it  goes beyond just the lyrics. Listen again.
B000001G7O|3.0|There are some better versions than this one, Karajan not at his best and sometime too slow. Look after Heifetz or Oistrakh (version with the Moscow orchestra under his conduction).
B000002HMH|4.0|this isnt the best 1, leave that to puppets, lightning, or black. metallica hasnt sold out. my favorite songs are king nothing and hero of the day.
B000006045|5.0|This is certainly one of the greatest pop albums ever.  These guys have a grasp of harmony that is generally not found in popular music, very nice stuff, well played and produced.<br />I have their &quot;protection&quot; cd  and it isn't nearly as good as this one.  This is the Massive Attack cd to  get!
B000021Y77|3.0|I am German, and this is the first German movie I have EVER seen in the theaters! It was also my last one, because it didn't live up to my expectations - even though critics reported it was the best German movie  ever... Anyway, the best part of the moive are the first 2 minutes (the  preface). The idea itself is quite exciting, but strictly speaking, the  movie is just 30 minutes long, and is repeated over and over again with  vario9us scenarios... it get's very boring after a couple of minutes. Only  the theme keeps you interested. It is not an action film, it is no  thriller, no horror, no satire, I don't know what it is, but I wouldn't go  for this one.
0553278223|3.0|This book was ok, but not great. I don't know if I was too young to read it (I'm 11) or what, but I just didn't find it all that interesting.  Of course, there were some cool parts.  I don't want to spoil the book but I  will say the chapter Usher II was hilarious but creepy.  But some of the  chapters were not as great.  Like the Million Year Picnic was not good at  all.  I didn't find it interesting because it had no real signifiance, it  was just about a few poeple going to Mars.  So I would reccomend this book  as an interesting read, but maybe not as the best book I've ever read.
B00000ADG2|1.0|I found this to be an exercise in unpleasant listening, musically, not lyrically.  Just because you like soul or r&amp;b doesn't mean this album is for you.
B000046PVN|5.0|I know the company reviews this before publishing it on the page, so I came here with a question.    I don't feel comfortable buying music without hearing samples of it first.  Why haven't you given samples here,  as in other albums?
0449002632|4.0|Written in James  Michener's epic style, this immense novel takes reader's attention from the first pages: bimillennial intertwined history of several British families gives both a lot of reading pleasure and an abundance of  useful historical and cultural information. In the succession of the sundry  characters you will not discover profound and brilliant ones because the  sole genuine hero of the book is virtually London itself in vast variety of  its history, customs, people. It is a novel for those who were, who are or  who will be in this great city - to  recall, to understand or to learn.
0679736646|5.0|Death?  Reality?  Salvation?  I can't describe exactly what is so compelling about this novel.  I read it twice, and the second time I was shocked at the strangeness of the whole thing.  The tone is somewhat  humorous and sad, and the style is not exactly breathtaking.  Yet UBIK has  the essential feel of greatness that any masterpiece does.  It is simply  indescribable.  I have given one of my old paperback copies to a friend for  his perusal, and I would highly recommend this novel to anyone--not just  PKD or science fiction fans--but anyone who wants to read something so  uniquely different that they will be able to say, &quot;What the hell was  that! &quot;
0451169514|5.0|Stephen King has written such a host of books that among his oeuvre one can unearth both namby-pamby stories and genuine gems with a whole gamut between. 'It' is a brilliant novel, my nonpareil favorite among the King's:  I love its style, its plot, its characters (except some unnecessary carnal  scenes). For me it is not an ordinary horror but an allegory of eternal  battle of Good and Evil in the world. Repeating a famous gospel truth, King  tells to be like children - believe in Good (in good policeman, in Santa  Claus, in love and friendship...) and this faith will make Evil powerless  against you: It can kill you but never vanquish.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie is beautiful and makes you think. It avoids static characters and simplistic good-or-evil dualistic mentality, as well as heavy-handed &quot;preachiness&quot; in its treatment of environmental issues. I was  often surprised at my own reaction to this film, as I found myself  concerned about the characters; this doesn't happen very often with me, and  certainly not with animation. All in all, it is an absorbing work that  deserves to be seen by more people. And it DEFINITELY needs to be released  on DVD. Please vote for the DVD release of this film if you haven't  already, and if you haven't seen it, do whatever you can to remedy that  problem.
B00003IPFK|4.0|After reading mulitple reviews on the VHS version of Lonesome Dove I decided to wait until the DVD was released to purchase this title.  VHS versions have running times of approximate 4 hours in comparision to the  full 6 hours on DVD.<br />My wife and I thought we would watch 1 of the 1.5  hour segments each evening and have something to watch for 4 consecutive  evenings.  It didn't work out that way.  This movie is a classic and you  find yourself getting pulled in quickly. Before we knew it was 1:00 a.m.  and we had watched 3 of the 4 segments.<br />I am a big fan of western movies  and put this one right up there with Tombstone and Wyatt Earp as one of my  favorites.<br />I don't know if Amazon.com's version of the DVD comes bundled  as mine from a retail outlet but I was surprised to find the soundtrack CD  bundled in with the DVD...an unexpected bonus !
0930289234|5.0|&quot;Postmodern superhero&quot; almost cheapens this masterpiece, but it's still accurate--this is a sweeping, grand tale of alarming depth, about outdated superheroes existing in a cynical, violent, very real world.  Yes, it set the tone for &quot;grim and gritty&quot; comics along with Dark  Knight Returns, but it's also one of the most entertaining, deep literary  experiences you'll ever see printed in four colors.
0440234743|4.0|I have read all of John Grisham's books, and I enjoyed this one, although it dragged in some places, and there seemed to be too many things happening at once.  I enjoyed the character of Nate, since practically everyone can  relate to his flaws in some way.  I liked the &quot;spiritual&quot; aspect  of the book; however, I was disappointed in the ending.  John Grisham's  books never end the way I want them to, and I wish he would keep women and  their love of romance &amp; happy endings in mind from time to time.  I  wanted Nate and Rachel to get married and live happily ever after in the  jungles of Brazil being co-missionaries!
0920668364|1.0|The story is quite common to children's books--a mother expresses love for her child, and her child loves her back. If you enjoy a good cry, you'll even excuse the author's banal treatment.<br />Yes, adults LOVE this book, but  most kids can take it or leave it. My kids have not seemed to care much for  it, and I'd rather read them books _they_ enjoy.<br />If you'd like to read  your child a book that shows a mother's love in a way children truly  appreciate, try &quot;The Runaway Bunny&quot; by Margaret Wise Brown.
0393307050|5.0|I WAS NOT SURE THAT I WOULD LIKE THIS AUTHOR BUT AFTER READING THE FIRST BOOK OF THE SERIES I BOUGHT THE OTHER 14. GREAT WORK! ENTERTAINING! HISTORICAL.
0590353403|5.0|I read the book Harry Potter and The Sorcers Stone. This book was awesome. It was the best book I have ever read in my life. The book had great detail and really, really cool characters. The authror J.K. Renolds made the book  so clear and exciting. When I was reading the book, I felt like I was  really in the book for real life. The book was a great fantasy. There were  kids riding on broom sticks and wearing invisible coats. This book deserves  five stars for its fantasy, its detail and lots of other stuff. It only  took me five days to finish it. I read seventy pages a day. I could not  stop reading. I really loved this book.Now I am reading the second Harry  Potter book, and it is going really really well. If you want to read a book  that is the best for anyone, you should get Harry Potter and The Sorcers  Stone or any of the other Harry Potter books in the store. This is truely  the best book ever
B00000JTB2|5.0|I purchased this cd 5 days ago, and I have listened to it at least a dozen times! Albert King's vocals and guitar coupled with Stevie Ray Vaughan's guitar is a combination you have to hear to believe. Every track has  surprises, and I found myself smiling or laughing with delight during most  of this terrific cd. Makes me wonder why it took them 16 years to release  it!  There's not a bad track or moment on this cd, and if I have a  complaint, it would be that when it was over, I wanted MORE! If you don't  LOVE this cd, take yourself to the nearest morgue, 'cause you must be DEAD!
B000031WD9|2.0|If you are an adolescent and have no maturity or taste, this is the movie for you. It is disgusting, perverted, and full of jokes about bodily functions. It is slightly humorous but has an odd plot- who can have sex  before the end of high school?
0140072187|5.0|I have read most of the books to spawned from the Vietnam war and all are compelling. However, There are really two major forums of conflict during this war, and they are the &quot;air&quot; and The &quot;ground.&quot;   Mason has captured in the air what John Ketwig (And a Hard Rain Fell) has  captured on the ground. For some reason perople think that its safer in the  air. Mason will dispell any notion that you may harbor about that fallacy.  I have read the book at least seven times and have found something new in  each reading. I'm going to order several copies so that I can put them  aside for furture reading since I'v already worn out two copies. If you  want to condense the entire war into two books, purchase  &quot;Chickenhawk&quot; by Robert Mason along with &quot;and a Hard Rain  Fell&quot; By John Ketwig READ THESE BOOKS!
6305127689|4.0|No, not really, but it is awful close. Movies like Top Gun don't hold my attention for very long usually, whether Tom Cruise is in it or not. This movie is definitly not &quot;mach 2 with your hair on fire&quot; but it has  action, an antagonist who actually comes through (and shows that he is a  pretty ok toward the end of the movie) I think there are some very  endearing qualities to this movie that would make me want to watch it once  or twice, but three times is pushing it. i think that this will have a  timeless soundtrack, and that this movie will be viewed for generations to  come. Whether or not it is a masterpiece, well, that is certainly  debatable!
6305079900|5.0|I saw Part 2 before I saw this one, but the original Terminator is without a doubt my favorite. I mean, Judgement Day rocks, but the original Terminator started it all! Michael Biehn is wonderful in this movie as Kyle  Reese; his performance is the best of any actor that could've been chosen  for the role. This DVD edition is neat cuz it features the film in  letterbox and has the original theatrical trailer.
6305127689|4.0|No, not really, but it is awful close. Movies like Top Gun don't hold my attention for very long usually, whether Tom Cruise is in it or not. This movie is definitly not &quot;mach 2 with your hair on fire&quot; but it has  action, an antagonist who actually comes through (and shows that he is a  pretty ok toward the end of the movie) I think there are some very  endearing qualities to this movie that would make me want to watch it once  or twice, but three times is pushing it. i think that this will have a  timeless soundtrack, and that this movie will be viewed for generations to  come. Whether or not it is a masterpiece, well, that is certainly  debatable!
0525457585|5.0|This is one of my top five books of all time, and I've read a lot....  The story of Basitan is a dark farie tale, at once enticing us to follow our dreams and reminding us that we cannot let those dreams control us.   Bastian is all of us at one time or another - passed over, kicked around  and so enamoured of his fantasy world that he nearly loses the real one.  I  saw myself in there, as have many other people.<br />As others have said, the  movies cannot compare to the book.  I loved the first movie, and still do.   I give some credit to the second for at least trying to make the attempt to  follow the book.  I refuse to acknowledge the existence of the  third.<br />This is one that I recommend heartily and without reservation.   And when you are done, give it to someone else.<br />It's that kind of  book....
B00002Z88D|5.0|I THINK METALLICA IS A GREAT BAND, THEY´RE NOT AFRAID TO TRY NEW THINGS AND TO MAKE A WHOLE CD WITH AN ORCHESTRA...THAT´S VERY COOL<br />METALLICA ROCKS!
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is one of the coolest CDs.  I LOVE Roswell (haven't missed an episode!) and &quot;Here With Me&quot; is the PERFECT theme song.  The other songs are great, too. You should buy this CD!
0553573403|5.0|I came across this book while in search of a new series to take the place of the as-yet-unfinnished Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan. I have to put certain restrictions to the books I buy or else I simply could not  choose. This book did not fall into it, but the fact that Robert Jordan  thought it brilliant made me consider it. I am glad I bought it. This is a  very good replacement, but ynfortunately it did not release the frustration  of awaiting sequals. This book is thick with plots, and new ways of  thinking. This has been the only book I have ever read that has a link to  reality that surpasses that of Jordan and all other authors whose wook I  have read. I find myself at times understanding the bad guy, and even at  times, rarely, liking them. The good guys, at times I just cannot stand  their choices, and also make me annoyed, but all in all when added together  it makes a story so real that it seems that you could be viewing it from a  few feet away. Each scream and strike of metal on metal come alive in  Martin's writing
6304458924|2.0|Boeing 747's are becoming more actors than air transport carriers.  This movie is predictable and unconvincing when a prisoner break free in the aircraft, seizes the guard's gun and runs on a mixed emotions terror spree.
B00000064G|3.0|The current cult of Nick Drake worship is somewhat depressing but perhaps inevitable. Given the paucity of quality music being produced nowadays, it's not so surprising perhaps that people should look to the past for  inspiration. The more the treasure chest of the past is raided, the more  desperately people feel they need to search for &quot;new&quot; discoveries  - &quot;neglected&quot; artists, misunderstood geniuses. Let's face it  we've all heard Dylan and Neil Young and Van Morrison and so have all those  ordinary CD buyers who aren't as perceptive or sensitive as &quot;we&quot;  are. Hence Nick Drake.<br />Which is not to say that Nick Drake wasn't a very  talented artist - he was. Just to say, let's keep a little bit of  proportion here - just 'cos he was a tragic figure who may (or may not)  have killed himself doesn't automatically make him some sort of genius.  I've appreciated Nick Drake's music for years but I can see his obvious  faults - a certain cloying preciousness about the vocals;  &quot;poetic&quot; lyrics which seem to say less than you at first think.  Most of all with Drake (and this may be why he seems so popular in the US)  is his Englishness: a studied, passionless, mannered quality not so very  different from many other polite bedsit bards of the early 70's (Clifford  T. Ward anyone?) Nothing wrong with Englishness when it's Kevin Ayers, Syd  Barrett, Kevin Coyne or Robert Wyatt - all of whom are as worthy of  accolade as Nick Drake.<br />This CD is often described as Nick Drake's best,  because it's spareness seems to betoken something of the mental anguish  Drake himself was suffering at the time. Well, if it's mental anguish  you're after listen to Syd Barrett's albums or early Kevin Coyne. The  spareness of the album is welcome at times but at others it merely seems as  if Drake hasn't got round to writing more words or actually finishing off  songs. Which is not to say that this isn't beautiful in places: the title  track and &quot;Things Behind the Sun&quot; (one of the  &quot;finished&quot; songs on the album) are amongst his best work.<br />Let's  just appreciate Nick Drake for what he was not for what we want him to be.
6305627401|5.0|Blame Canada, or blame myself?  Oh well, I'm not sensitive to the insults implied to Canadians in this smarty flick with Eric, Kyle, Stan and Kenny.  This may have been one of the best musicals ever produced and puts  &quot;Annie&quot; back into the orphanage.  Defenders of America because of  an oversensitized  mother who wants to protect the children from Terrance  and Phillips, two Canadian foul-humor show hosts.  They would have to  consult Brian Boytano what to do since hockey players are only Canadians.   Saddam Husseins has his spicy moments with Satan and does Saddam want to  get it on... for real.
6304712936|5.0|Amadeus was definitely one of the greatest films of the 80's and the best of 1983.  F. Murray Abraham is delightful as Antonio Salieri, both young and old and crazy.  The requiem composition scene is powerful and moving.   Tom Hulce gives a hilarious, Oscar deserving performance as Mozart.  He  couldn't do it better, especially with that drunken, hideous cackle  (ehahahahahhahahheh! ) I just watched it this morning.  That is how good  it is!  It and Barry Lyndon can't be compared fairly either way, but the  costumes would go to Lyndon, music and acting to Amadeus.
0790734850|5.0|As a fan of paticular tastes, I have to say this movie was one of the best I'd seen in 97.  Another great performance by Kevin Spacey and the rest of the cast which was, by the way, superbly chosen.      This drama/mystery  set in the 50's was suprisingly accurate with small details in the settings  and dress of the characters as I was later informed by family who had lived  through the era.  Wonderful movie for anyone with a hint of good taste.
B000002MFE|5.0|Unplugged is a fine complement to Eric Clapton and his talents. Taking away the twang of his Fender with twenty odd amps attatched, you can really begin to appreciate this fine man.<br />'Signe', is a superb instrumental  piece, that demonstrates his skills well. Onto his classic blues pieces  'Before you accuse me', 'hey hey', 'Nobody knows you', and 'Alberta', add a  friendly tone to this live performance.<br />Eric's touching tribute to his  deceased son, Conor, in 'Tears in Heaven' is fantastic, and a slower  version of 'Layla' will leave you pleased.   Well worth buying!
6304994540|4.0|&quot;HEY DUDE&quot; He bowls. He drives around. He has an occasional acid flashback. That's about all &quot;The Dude&quot; (Jeff Bridges) does. Happily unemployed and unambitious,  Jeff Lebowski, who strongly insists on  being referred to as &quot;The Dude&quot;, is the mellowest man you'll ever  know.  He goes with the flow, and as the plot unravels, the flow introduces  a cast of outrageous characters nuttier than the ones in the Dude's  immediate circle. The Dude's bowling partner and best friend is the  slightly psychotic war veteran Walter Sobchak (John Goodman), who is easily  riled up when it comes to bowling scores, Vietnam, or his conversion to  Orthodox Judaism.  The Dude's formidable bowling adversary is the skinny,  oily, Latin-groove swinging ex-con, Jesus (John Turturro) who colorfully  taunts his opponents.  There isn't a single bad performance in the film  although Julianne Moore as the bizarre gothic-erotic artist seems a bit  forced.  The Dude, born Jeff Lebowski, has his relaxed existence shaken up  when he is mistaken for someone with the same name.  The other Jeff  Lebowski is older, reclusive, and worth millions. The elder Lebowski (David  Huddleston)also has a hot young wife named Bunny(Tara Reid), who has ties  to a dark underworld of porn stars and nihilists.  The Dude gets shuffled  into the mix and drags Walter along for the ride. The tension between the  chilled-out dude and the high strung Walter works marvelously. The story,  however, spins but goes nowhere. The flamboyant dream sequences are fun but  they seem to fill up empty space where a plot should be. This is another  interesting and worthwhile effort by the Coen brothers(Miller's Crossing,  Fargo, Raising Arizona) who wrote and directed the film.  Where the movie  loses steam, the cast of characters are too much zanier than the adventure.
0307120007|5.0|My son is only 9 mos old, and when we get to the end of this book, he flips it back to the front &amp; wants me to read it again.  He loves all the little activities - especially Daddy's scratchy face.
B000021Y74|5.0|The best film of 1999 in my opinion.  It made me think, it held me spellbound, it leaped off the screen, and it was totally fresh.  I was very disapointed when it was not nominated for best foreign film by the Academy  of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
6304163029|5.0|Please notice that I'm from Denmark and that my english probably ain't perfect, sorry !-But I would like to say that a Tribute to SRV. are one of all time greatest tribute concerts - to a man who really deserves it ! SRV  is and will always be the king of blues. And the musicians who honours him  on this concert are delivering some of their greatest perfomances ! Of  course it's bound to be so , with all that great material Stevie left them  ! Despite what many people might mean , the clips between the songs are  lovely !The short ( all to short )concert moments with Stevie himself is a  gift to all SRV. Lovers - they really shows what a great player and  performer he was ! And it makes it easy to everyone to see and feel his  greatness ! He was really one of a kind ! This video which also is  available on CD is a must to all SRV. Fans / lovers - Buy it now ! You  won't regret it ! The video is also filled with comments from the artists  who plays on it !Those are very lovefull moments and a joy to hear and  watch ! - And to Stevie - while you're probably sitting on a cloud playing  the Blues with a big smile on your face : You and your music will live  forever - Thanks for all what you gave us ! Keep playing - PEACE BROTHER -  from a dedicated fan .
B000002ORU|5.0|When one buys a box set, your inspiration to buy it often depends on your history with the band.  If you are a huge fan or completist then its the rare &quot;goodies&quot; that lure you in, while if you are just a casual  listener you want the set to have all of the best tracks of the band in one  conveniant package.  Well when I bought this set I was the latter, a casual  fan who owned a greatest hits comp, but was really lacking knowledge of  this band. All I can say is that this box set truly turned me on to the  Who, and inspired me to seek out and buy all of their work.  They are truly  a magnificent band, and I can honestly say that this box set does them  justice.  All of their hits are here, as well as some great album tracks.  The packaging also makes this set superb, because lets face it, when you  shell out for a box set , you expect this.  Now for completists who own  everything, or hardcore fans, they already know that almost all of the  rarities have been reissued on the remastered versions of the Who's  catalogue, so they may want to pass by this one.  However if you have an  interest in the band , and are looking to learn more about them and thier  music, this is your ticket, because a &quot;Greatest hits&quot; album just  does not do this band justice!
0876855575|5.0|Bukowski's greatest achievement... of a great many excellent works.  If you read this book you have all the information you need to know to understand what made Charles Bukowski Charles Bukowski.  From the opening  pages, Bukowski sets the tone of loneliness, apathy and sadness that  prevailed through most of his work.  Sprinkled throughout is that old  Bukowski humor, the flair for the surreal that's made Bukowski and his  alter ego, Henry Chinaski, a hero to millions.<br />I love his poems, but this  bittersweet story of a young man coming to age is a classic.  Highly  recommended for Bukowski fans and any who are curious just what the hell  the fuss is all about.<br />Hank Lebowski
1878424114|1.0|I have read other books of Deepak Chopra and got a lot out of them, especially Ageless Body, Timeless Mind. However with this book I have a lot of difficulty understanding his language. Some examples: &quot;the field of  infinite correlation&quot; &quot;the field of infinite organizing  power&quot; &quot;the ultimate ground of creation&quot; &quot;experience  stillness inconsciousness&quot; &quot;your true essence will give you  insight into the mirror of relationship&quot; &quot;life is the eternal  dance of consciousness that expresses itself as the dynamic exchange of  impulses of intelligence between microcosm and macrocosm, etc.&quot;<br />The  wording is over my head! I read non-fiction books regularly but this one is  &quot;over my head.&quot;
6304711891|5.0|The Rock was an excellent film.Great acting,superb action,an excellent plot,and very good background music.One of the best action films ever made,second only to The Matrix.
B0000009RX|5.0|What's the deal with this s.h. guy? He completely copied the review for Money from the AMG musick guide? THIS WAS THE KIND OF PHONEYNESS REPRESENTED ON THE ALBUM
B00003CX59|5.0|Christina Ricci and Johnny Depp in the same flick, and it's a Burton movie? And it's massive goth? Man, I am in heaven!   I can't wait for this to come out on VHS!  This is a must have if for no other reason that  to see Christina!
B0000025SB|2.0|First of all folks, this isn't Pink Floyd.  This is a Roger Waters album with some small contributions from David Gilmour and Nick Mason.  Waters kicked Wright right out of the band for substance abuse. Anyway, this album  sounds like a bunch of cold leftovers from the Wall with more elaborate  orchestration.  The Final Cut is more classically oriented than the wall  but there are no killer guitar tracks, though &quot;Not now John&quot; or  whatever it's called is decent.  Face it, this is sterilized Pink Floyd and  kind of stale as well.
0800184327|4.0|I rarely buy videos, but as soon as i saw this one, i had to have it.  It's a pretty simple story with a few leaps and bounds to get to the end, but it's worth your time.  If you love to watch dance and hear great music,  than this one will keep your feet tapping and your eyes on the screen.  I  love happy endings and this movie makes you feel that there are some still  out there.
B000001G89|5.0|Of the 7 recordings of Carmen I own, this is by far the best. I just can't understand the people who say that Abbado is incompetent and Berganza bloodless. Make no mistake&gt; this IS the library choice for Bizet's  masterpiece.
0451191153|4.0|From the first pages of the Fountainhead, I was captivated by the struggle between Keating and Roark, not onlyas they battled as professionals, but even more importantly as they waged a less public war for their souls.   Ultimately, the important question that Rand posed to me was whether a  person can ever justify a compromise of their intellectual or artistic  integrity to achieve a purely utilitarian goal.  Rand, through Roark,  answers this question in the negative, but her characters' ultimate fates  leaves the question unresolved.  I was immediately impressed by how well  Rand developed her characters and made me care about how their lives would  progress, especially in the first half of the book when Keating and Roark  are defining themselves and their artistic visions.  <br />The book bogged  down a bit in its later stages, particularly when developing the  relationship between Roark, Dominique Francon, and Keating.  Because of its  extraordinary length and the fact that it lost some steam towards the end,  I cannot recommend it to everyone, but I can recommend it wholeheartedly to  those people who may feel disenchanted with a society that often values the  material and superficial over the enduring.
