B00003Q438|2.0|I thought the movie was way too long and pretty cheesy.  There were some good things about it - and I don't know how ppl who watch it without the added footage completely understand the end (all the TV news footage) - but  I didn't like the movie much.  I saw this video with a bunch of friends at  one of our friend's place, so it was fun to get the reaction of everybody  and stuff.  Some liked it, some didn't.  I thought there were some really  cheesy parts which didn't even seem they should be there.  It's an  interesting movie to watch, if you have the time and really want to see it,  but get comfy, you're going to be watching this movie for a LOOOONNGG time.   (It's way too long!)
6305750750|4.0|The Phantom Menace is a highly entertaining fantasy romp - ok the acting varies from good to awful but the cinematography, sets, SFX, storyline and music are all top notch - the look and feel of the film is amazing and the  story that is slowly unwravelling and will continue through the rest of the  movies is compelling - keep 'em coming.
014028009X|3.0|Helen Fielding's much-heralded screwball novel, &quot;Bridget Jones's Diary&quot; is told in the form of a diary over the course of one year, chronicaling Bridget's &quot;Singleton&quot; anxiety that she many never find Mr. Right, and her resentments that she feels she has to be on such a  search at all. Each day's entry is preceded by a tally of her success, or  lack thereof, in the struggle against the vices of smoking, drinking and  calories. On one particularly stressful day, she records &quot;cigarettes  40 (but have stopped inhaling in order to smoke more.)&quot; Some of the  entries cheat on the diary concept, in that they seem to have been written  moments after the events took place, but that's no matte. Nearly all of tem  have to do with men, sex (&quot;shagging&quot;, as the Brits put  it)jealousies, and her mother's attempts to force a wealthy lawyer on her.  &quot;I don't know why she didn't jsut come out with it and say,  &quot;Darling, do shag Mark Darcy over the turkey curry, won't you? He's  very rich.&quot;<br />And so it goes, from Janary 1 to December 26, detailing  her Singleton's &quot;fears of dying alone and being found three weeks  later half-eaten by an Alsatian&quot; and her resentment / envy of the Smug  Marrieds: hurrying to a pary, Bridget writes, &quot;Heart was sinking at  thought of being late and hungover, surrounded by ex-carrer-girl mothers  and their Competitive Childrearing.&quot; Still, what is worse than not  being a Smug Married yourself is the possiblity that one of your unmarried  friends might become one: &quot;If you are single the last thing you want  is your best friend forming a functional relationship with somebody  else.&quot; What it all boils down to is a 90's spin on the  boy-gets-girl-gets-boy story.With 'deep regret, rage, and and overwhelming  sense of defeat'Bridget learns that &quot;the secret of happiness with  men&quot; comes through a variation on an ancient moral: Mother knows best.  As a single Americanwoman of roughly Bridget's age, there are many parts  of this book that I could strongly relate to, but just as many times as I  nodded in agreement with her diary entries, I found myself saying &quot;You  stupid, stupid girl!&quot;. Altogether an entertaining read, but not  groundbreaking. With summer comining up, I would certainly recommend it as  a good beach book, but not more than that.
0930073193|5.0|If you are interested in learning more about economics, this isthe book to get you started. Forget the statist Samuelson and Nordhaustext they forced on us in Econ 101, &quot;Economics in OneLesson&quot; is the real stuff! Each essay is clear and easy to read with no hard math for us remedial liberal arts majors. More organized and consistent than Friedman, Hazlitt shows that economics only becomes complicated when it is twisted and contorted so as to fit an intellectually dishonest view of the world.<br />If you're taking an introductory high school or college economics course that doesn't use this book, buy it and read it as a supplement to your coursework. It's very easy to read an essay a day and you'll be intellectually armed, no matter what tripe they try to force down you in class. <br />As a follow-up book, may I suggest Ayn Rand's &quot;Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal,&quot; which lays a moral foundation for a free market, an essential step and one lacking in most economists' view of life. After all, capitalism is not some system devised by experts, it is what naturally occurs when free men are able to trade goods and services...<br />And if you really want to be versed in the subject, get &quot;Capitalism&quot; by George Reisman, who should win a Nobel prize for this brilliant text. Just having this 1046-page volume on your bookshelf will keep the statists at bay.<br />If you have already read and learned from &quot;Economics in One Lesson&quot;, consider buying a copy for a friend. Spread capitalism and spread the wealth!
B000002V0Q|5.0|Some people buy a CD for one or two good songs on the CD. This one, however is pure golden. Every track is excellent, and I'm not just a die hard fan, either.
B00003CWQ2|1.0|&quot;Fight Club&quot;  is a how-to movie; e.g., how to diss the  &quot;Establishment&quot;  and otherwise act like a twelve-year-old.  We learn the liberating catharsis of going to the bathroom in someone's soup, spraying water on passers-by, beating the hell out of our friends, forming  a terrorist boys' club, and so forth.  Immature young men will be  deliciously provoked by this movie; others will want to give it a wide  berth.<br />Brad Pitt wears obnoxious floral-print shirts and a bottle of Dep  on his head.  Edward Norton's Narrator is self-referentially chatty -- he  won't allow us to simply absorb what we're seeing; he must give us a  smart-alleck play-by-play of everything.  The photography is some of the  worst I've seen lately:  it has the color of Army camouflage  (but I guess  that's what's supposed to be clever about it).<br />The film tries to be   &quot;intelligent&quot;  early on, but only achieves a facile cleverness.   It's far too conscious of the audience's reactions, which mars the supposed  purpose of  &quot;enlightening&quot;  us to the ugly truths about our  commericalized society.  The truth about Tyler Durden, as revealed at the  end of the movie, will not surprise smart viewers, but it will doubtlessly  blow away its target audience:  angry 15-year-old boys who will make a cult  phenom of it, forever placing it in the ranks of the Cool Movies.  Well,  for me? -- no thanks.
6305807086|5.0|This movie was great, but the DVD is even better. From the minute I opened up the packaging, I was surprised.  Somehow, they came up with a way to compress a t-shirt and a Malkovich mask to fit inside the DVD case with the DVD.  Aside from that, the dvd itself was great.  It had many extra  features, including an interview with the director, a 45 minute behind the  scenes featurette, a link to a special website, 2 different Director's  Commentaries (one in Spike Jonze's Original Swedish), an interactive game  with puppets and much more.  I would strongly reccommend this dvd even if  it didn't have that stuff on it.
6304362498|5.0|If you're a fan of the book, teaching the text, or even just curious, this is a really top-notch adaptation. It follows the book religiously, while still allowing the actors a chance to breathe. It also has first-rate  production design that adheres to Orwell's conception -- a 1945 version of  what 1984 might look like, with telescreens, pneumatic tubes, etc. A real  MUST.
078322608X|4.0|This DVD is very well produced. The sound and video quality are excellent. The documentary could be a DVD all by itself. It has it's own chapters list and gives great insight into the making of the film. It runs at least an  hour and is hands down the best documentary I have ever seen. It seems to  have been produced by Gilliam as insurance that the studio system couldn't  screw him over. This is a carryover from his experience making 'Brazil'  within the studio system. I was greatly disappointed with the commentary.  Gilliam usually gives good commentary; 'Time Bandits' and 'The Life of  Brian' are good examples. Here he seems to ramble, be verbose and go off in  tangents for most of the film. Gilliam and Roven talk about making a  relatively high budget film, for the time, within the studio system; things  like choosing actors, locations, how to spend the money and other general  facts about film making. There was little specific commentary about '12  Monkeys' and when there was it was covered in the documentary. You didn't  have to be watching the film to listen to the commentary it was that  general.  This DVD is worth it for the documentary alone and is a great  addition to any collection especially if you like the film.
6303965415|1.0|I rented this movie because I thought hey, Jane Austen, a fine author.  Well, she is still a fine author, but the creators of this film weren't so fine.  I found the actress who portrayed Anne Elliot to be sadly lacking in emotional feeling.  Wentworth was too much, and Mr. Elliot was, shall we  say, a little, well, you know.  If you want good J. Austin, check out  movies like Emma or Sense and Sensibility.
B000002UB6|4.0|I know this album isn't the greatest ever created, but it has some definite gems.    John and Paul's harmonization on Two of Us is awesome.    Across The Universe is, in my opinion, one of John's best.    Let It Be  sounds better in the single version, but it stands out as well.    The Long  and winding road is a great song, but Spector kind of ruined it.     John's  bizzare rocker Dig A Pony is good as well.    As a nice ending, Get Back is  a McCartney classic.    Overall, this album is very good, but underrated.  Considering the group was about to split up, this CD is a must-buy.
6304508611|4.0|Although it's been a few years since I've seen this, I can still remember the thrill of seeing Carrie avenge her self pride by showering her classmates with her telekinetic powers and rage. It's a great movie if  you're into horror and telekinsis. :)
B0000011MT|5.0|I've eard this album some years ago.    I've been confused.    It sounds like something especial.    I had no words.    Unfortunatly by the time it was done, nobody cares.    I think its time to repare this.    Its a  superbe kink of music. <br />   Thanks,<br />   J. Andrade,     Portugal
0679735909|5.0|This was one of the first books which my book club read, and over the last four years of good literature this book has held up very well.  It amply repays patient reading, always holding your interest, with a sense of artistry and craftsmanship in the choice of words that can be spellbinding.   Don't rush through it -- this is a book that deserves slow reading.
079073639X|4.0|Like the Tommyknockers and Event Horizon there is also in Sphere the discovery of a deserted alien spacecraft...or that is what the persons involved believe. I have read the book many years ago and I couldn't remember everything. I knew that the book was a little difficult to read as  well as watching the movie. Like I wrote for the Tommyknockers it is  missing the juice that binds the ingredients. The movie deserves a extra  fourth star for the sound.Playing on dolby surround you are overwhelmed by  it.
B000001DTM|4.0|I really enjoyed this disc alot when i got it back in 91.One is a Great song.The Fly is a catchy cut.Kinda Reminds me of Jesus Jones song around the same time.Bono SOunds Good Vocally through out.Mysterious Ways is a  Solid Song.this is a Good Disc.
6305079900|4.0|A cult SF movie you could say. And the one-liner of Arnold, I'll be back, is used for many wav-files in the world. The movie is a little bit dark but nevertheless very entertaining and after the sequel I would like to see it's prequel for a change. I hear the rumours of a Terminator III, but the  first one remains the best.
6304211740|4.0|While the young actors in this version leave much to be desired, the adult actors are incredible.  I have read the book, and seen several versions, and this is the best so far.  The passion between this couple is  extraordinary.     This may not follow the book exactly, but the love story  is so beautifully told that the plot is almost secondary.  Its a wonderful  film.
B00003CWOL|4.0|I've like all of Kevin Smith's previous films (Mallrats, Chasing Amy, etc.) and this one is no different.  There is a good storyline and the dialogue is extremely funny.  He is a great director/writer.  However, Dogma, Smith's biggest budget movie yet, just didn't have the feel and  appeal has his lower budget films.  Conversly, I did love all of the famous  comedic actors in the film.
B000021XR5|4.0|No. 4 brings us back to the original STP power, and away (thankfully) from the familiar, radio-friendly, redundancy of their middle albums. It's obvious on No. 4 that STP has matured musically and creatively. You won't  find yourself humming the chorus to any of the songs, but that's what I  like most about this CD -- each song has depth and stays fresh. No. 4 has  been in my CD player for several weeks now. I'm sure it will be in yours a  long time, too. Buy it.
B00004T0P1|5.0|James Newton Howard's Dinosaur soundtrack is one of his finest works. The music is so good, that Disney even used it in the movie trailers (most trailers use music from other films which is why you don't hear most trailer songs on the soundtrack). The only drawback to the CD, which is minor, is that the titles contain spoilers for the movie. And since the  soundtrack is released three weeks before the film, it's easy to know what  will happen. The CD contains 16 scores and no songs.
B00000IQV6|1.0|Where do I begin? With the story itself: an all-too-typical Robin Williams vehicle where he challenges an obvious societal wrong and in the end, finds redemption for us as well as himself? With the theme: playing a  holier-than-thou saint with the gift of laughter coursing through his  veins, he rights all wrongs, eliminates all hypocrisy, and delivers a  message of hope for all? With the predictable plot &quot;twists&quot;: a  failure, a triumph, a trial by fire, a moment of doubt, further failures,  then the sweeping triumph once again? There are so many areas to cover, so  many ways in which this film fails to register as anything more than  typical Hollywood product. Are we supposed to feel for these people?  Instead, should we not see through the manipulative devices that literally  extract tears from our eyes? Some might argue that films of this nature are  not for cynics and &quot;critical sorts.&quot; That is true. However, us  &quot;negative forces&quot; will cling, ever virtuous, to our belief that  as members of the audience, we should not be held prisoner to a film that  takes us all for mighty fools.
B00000K19E|5.0|Could be one of the best movies I've ever seen.  Haven't been this excited over a movie since I was 6 years old watching Star Wars!  Special effects and story line are incredible!
6305807086|5.0|this should have won best picture. the spike jonze interview is the funniest thing on the disc. just wait til' the end when he throws up! John Cusack, Jonze, Malkovich , and Kauffman are gods!
B000009ED0|1.0|When I got this CD, I had pretty high expectations, having heard &quot;Bawitdaba&quot; and &quot;Cowboy&quot; on the radio quite a few times. The CD has an impressive start- Bawitdaba, Cowboy, and the title track Devil Without a Cause. But once you get to I Am the Bullgod, the CD  starts on its downward plunge. None of the songs past Bullgod are even  worth mentioning, except maybe Black Chick White Guy, the only true rap  song on the entire CD. Kid Rock blends rap and hard rock with truly  impressive results...then after his third big hit he stops caring. 100/14  tracks=7 7x4 good songs=28. That's not even a two star rating. I wish I  could recommend this album more, Kid Rock's got a lot of potential. Now  he's gotta start usin' it.
B000002KAT|5.0|I picked up &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; because of Lester Bangs' review (possibly the best piece of rock music critique ever set down on paper.)  Like most everyone else who's listened to it, I was fairly disappointed on the first hearing.  The music stayed in the back of my brain, however, and  I listened to it a second time, a third.  Ultimately, the cassette never  left my Walkman for two months.  Van Morrison wrote and sang about love and  its many facets (both good and ill) with such heart-wrenching honesty that  every other ballad sounds antiseptic and empty in comparison.  You wanna  hear about love as regeneration?  Check out &quot;Sweet Thing.&quot;  Love  as sheer horror? It's all in &quot;Madame George.&quot;  Love as delirious  hallucination?  &quot;Cyprus Avenue&quot; has it.  &quot;Astral Weeks&quot;  is completely HONEST, children.  If you want to teach your kith and kin  about true love, slip this in the stereo and let Prof. Morrison sing it  into their hearts, minds and marrow.
B00000JCB2|2.0|If you like Nookie and Break Stuff , don't buy this album, thats about as good as it gets. The lyrics are poor. Most tracks seem to have the same tune, different(Crap)lyrics. I reckon you're better off with Blink 182(Old stuff, not as commercial), KoRn, Sevendust (Worth a look('Home'))etc. etc.  I could go on all day naming better bands and albums than this. The bottom  line is, in simple terms, this is not a good album
6305627401|3.0|First I must say I love the tv show. I have been watching South Park since the first episode before it took off. But the movie has two sides to it. The sceens involving the boys are hilarious. The part involving the  secondary characters aren't. The Satan stuff isn't funny. It's just plain  stupid and boring. If the movie could be edited with the Satan parts  removed it would go up many levels. Focus on the boys.
B000020617|5.0|It takes a while to grow on you but this CD is nothing but quality through and through. The ECD is very nice indeed, including the classic video for 'Learn To Fly', Lyrics and Pictures. All tracks are gems apart from the odd one such as 'Headwires'. Plus you get a cool tatoo like  the one on the  case! (But dont get too exicited about the tatoo(!))
6305718954|5.0|This was a great film. It wasn't jump out of your seat scary, but still very thought provoking and engaging. Byrne and all the actors involved do an excellent job. It had a great ending that wraped up any and all  questions that one might have. (Contrary to a different review, it's very  easy to understand why the girl was possesed by the priest.)And a great  soundtrack to boot. Billy Corigon (probably mispelled) of Smashing pumpkins  does a great job. All around great film anytime of the year.
B00003CXDU|5.0|This is an amazing film, I saw the trailer and I was intrigued, so I saw it... twice! It's one of those films that you can watch over and over and never get tired of it. The whole cast is brilliant, the comedy is provided  down to a tee and not over done like the Star Wars spoof 'Spaceballs'. This  is a film that deserves credit in it's own right, not just a 'Star Trek  spoof' cos it really isn't, not completley spoofed anyway, just the format.  The soundtrack is also excellent and you'll be smiling by the end of the  film, I guarantee it! &quot;By Grabthar's Hammer...!&quot;
B0000009SI|3.0|&quot;Apostrophe(')&quot; is outstanding but the rest of the album is at best average.  For accessible but outstanding work of this kind, I recommend &quot;Sheik Yerbouti.&quot;
B0000024JN|3.0|I do think rap is &quot;music&quot; [anybody] could make. But just because something is stupid, doesn't mean it's not fun. And this album is fun, I admit. Unfortunately, the best track intended for it was the Beasties Boys' version of The Beatles' &quot;I'm Down,&quot; that I once heard on the radio. But Michael Jackson owns the Beatles' songs, and he wouldn't allow  the Beasties to release it. But if you can track it down somehow, I  recommend you do. It will be worth listening to, along with the best tracks  on this album, like &quot;Brass Monkey&quot; and &quot;Fight For Your  Right.&quot; (I love that a reviewer below recommended parents buy the  album for their kids, as she has done...when &quot;Fight For Your  Right&quot; is all about rebelling against your parents! )
1573225517|5.0|Success of novels written in the first-person depend heavily on whether the main character, generally the narrator, is not likable, but interesting.  In this case, Hornby's fictional creation, Rob, is both.   What makes him so is Hornby's use of the interior monologue. <br />Typically,  interior monologue is a device in which the narrator's telling reveals more  about himself than he is aware.  Perhaps we, as readers, are attracted to  this technique because it allows us to become almost voyeurs.  The intimacy  of knowing more about someone than he knows about himself is attractive; we  feel smart because we see things the narrator cannot.    Hornby, however,  turns this idea on its head.  Rob is so absorbed in self-analysis there's  no way we could ever know more about him than he knows about himself.  But,  perhaps this is what makes Rob seem so human, and so much like us.  Don't  we all in our heads carry on like he does?  <br />His narration of this  analysis appears, like the best writing, effortless.  And yet this  semblance of ease is double-edged:  it's easy to take for granted how good  it is, and the ideas flow so quickly that we can become so absorbed in the  telling that we forget to spend time thinking about the many provocative  ideas the novel contains.<br />Like all good literature, this novel deserves  to be read repeatedly.  Let the easy prose and plot carry you through a  first reading.  Then go back for the ideas and to appreciate how easy  Hornby makes it all seem.
0800111680|5.0|From the Colonel Bogey March at the beginning to the last &quot;Madness&quot; at the end, this movie is a lot of fun.  Alec Guinness is outstanding as the British officer obsessed with soldierly pride who  realizes the depth of his obsession just a tad too late.  William Holden is  also great as the grunt-posing-as-office who is part of the mission to find  the bridge of the title, though I think Jack Hawkins steals the show from  him in their scenes together.  Get the film.  You will enjoy it.
1551112450|5.0|Stevenson created Utterson to narrate the story.  But large sections of it are composed of Lanyon's letter to Utterson and Henry Jekyll's diary.  The advantage of this is that it allows Stevenson to prolong the readers' suspense.  In a way, Utterson, Enfield, and, for a time, Lanyon, are in the  same position as the readers:  observers trying to understand the mystery  surrounding Henry Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  <br />Stevenson allies readers with  Utterson and Enfield.  Then, after we learn Lanyon knows Jekyll's secret,  we, like Utterson, read his letter eagerly.  Lanyon's narrative reveals the  secret that Jekyll and Hyde are the same person.  But, because Lanyon is  also an observer, his narrative cannot tell us anything about Jekyll's  motive.  We need Jekyll's own account for that. <br />Thus, the narrative  method Stevenson chooses prolongs our suspense.  Gradually revealing  information about Jekyll just heightens our desire to know the full story.   By the time we get to Jekyll's story, we are at a fever pitch.  I doubt  Stevenson could have kept the pace of suspense had he used third-person  point of view, and he certainly wouldn't have been able to do it using  Jekyll as a first-person narrator.  The drive of Utterson's limited point  of view matches our own.    <br />Stevenson's reliance on a limited  first-person point of view also contributes to the story's theme.  Perhaps  Stevenson uses Utterson, Enfield, and our own ignorance of Jekyll's actions  as a metaphor for human ignorance generally.  In his narrative, Jekyll  repeatedly refers to his life as the result of one choice among many  choices he could have made.  He creates Hyde to experience life and the  other aspects of his personality denied by that choice.  Jekyll argues that  the choice he has made in selecting one life over another is discriminatory  and limiting.  It excludes other forms of knowledge and experience.   <br />Maybe Stevenson hoped to gain reader sympathy for Dr. Jekyll by  associating our ignorance and desire to understand the Jekyll/Hyde mystery  with Jekyll's desire to know more of the life he sacrificed to play the  role of a respected doctor.
6302891272|4.0|The movie is beautiful to look at, but it is a tad slow.  Highlights of the movie are a horrifying, creepy old woman that tells Mifune's fortune, and the fantastic end when arrows fly all over creation.  And the last arrow! Ouch!  Oh, and watch Mifune's eyes when he loses his mind at the  ceremonial supper. Great stuff!
0679731725|5.0|I haven't more enjoyed a novelist's craftsmanship in a long time.    <br />Ishiguro explores the same theme in all his work.  Speaking of it, he says:  &quot;What I'm interested in is not the actual fact that my characters have done things they later regret.  I'm interested in how they  come to terms with it.&quot;  Indeed, Ishiguro's characters define  themselves - and Ishiguro uses the first-person point of view -- through  their regrets.  But ironically, their definition is incomplete, and reveals  the incompleteness in their lives, because they are only dimly aware they  have regrets.  Ishiguro's plots are designed to aid and show the way in  which each character begins to understand and reconcile his false memory  and view of the world with the actual reality. <br />Ishiguro's use of the  first-person point of view emphasizes his character's incompleteness  because they are at once unreliable narrators engaging in interior  monologue.  This produces an interesting dissonance.  In each of Ishiguro's  novels the protagonists balance between their conscious intentions and the  ellipses and elisions, divisions and conflagrations of memory, which in  each character, subvert and obscure that intention.  <br />Ishiguro employs  the first-person narrative to illustrate the discrepancies between the  narrators' current account of events and conversation with those they had  remembered.  It is as if in describing past events that had for long been  forgotten, each narrator has finally gained enough distance to recount  differently.  The struggle to understand why the versions differ provides a  vehicle for self-analysis.  And that struggle is painful because it  threatens to expose the repression and denial upon which each character  carefully based his life.  For each character to acknowledge that denial  and repression means to admit his own emptiness or wickedness.  <br />Ishiguro's plots are simple.  They exist only to facilitate each  character's internal dialogue -- this acknowledgement and admission, the  tension contained by this struggle, of having the courage to face the  mistakes of one's life, is exquisite.  When Ishiguro is at his best, this  tension threatens to break the character apart.  Thus, while Ishiguro's  plots may be simple and cumulatively linear - in The Remains of the Day,  the farther Stevens travels from Darlington Hall, the closer he gets to  understanding his life there - each character doesn't go gently.  There is  a limit to how much anyone can stand to know of oneself.  And there is a  limit to how much anyone can take at once.  So Ishiguro's characters skirt  back and forth between insight and defensive recoil to long-held  repression.  <br />Even when the protagonists have revelations, they are not  complete.  At the end of the novel, the protagonists know and accept more  than they did, but their defensive mechanisms are still strong.  And this  makes them more realistic and believable - they are still fragile,  paradoxically much stronger than if they had a complete life change.     <br />I was at first puzzled that a Japanese writer would choose an English  butler as a subject for the kinds of psychological studies he conducts.   But the more I thought about it, the more alike Japanese culture and  manners and English domestic service appear.  One of the values Mr.  Stevens's based his life was his idea of dignity: suppressing one's  feelings for the greater good of being  a consummate professional, which is  very Japanese.  The most poignant scenes in the novels occur when Stevens  suppresses feelings that we know shatter his psyche.  Part of Ishiguro's  skill is his ability to at once describe the power of Stevens's repression  while at the same time revealing how much it unconsciously or consciously  costs him.
B00000K31V|5.0|Well, perhaps some will feel that I am overexaggerating with my 5/5, but I really thought this to be an amazing film. <br />PS: It looks as though the American release of the DVD is different from the Canadian one. Here up  north there is an added French Audio track as well as commentaries by David  Cronenberg, the DOP, and the FX supervisor. Pretty sweet, eh?
0393964582|3.0|Despite many strengths, Frankenstein has fatal flaws.  Coleridge wrote that readers must approach a novel with &quot;a willing suspension of disbelief,&quot; a willingness in turn nurtured by the novelist.  Such suspension is required of readers because they must understand that a  novelist cannot represent everything.  Part of the novelist's art lies in  the simulation of reality through selective withholding and revealing of  various information.  Conversely, novelists lose readers when they ask them  to suspend disbelief too often, or to accept details or events that just do  not logically seem to make sense.  Such is the case of Mary Shelley and her  creation, Victor Frankenstein.<br />Unlike its portrayal in the movies, which  involves an assistant (Igor), various trips to the cemetery for body parts,  and a lightning-filled climax in a laboratory, creation of Frankenstein's  monster is anti-climactic.  Shelley dispatches the entire incident in about  three paragraphs.  Just as quickly, Frankenstein is repulsed by his  creation.  The creature opens his eyes, Frankenstein sees its ugliness, and  flees - all in the space of two or three sentences.  Thus begins a slippery  slope of disbelief.<br />Readers are expected to believe that the creature  could evolve into a perfect example of cultured, Enlightened, rational  thinking simply by observing a simple family and reading a handful of  books.  The monster's inner being is too perfect.  It is inconceivable that  his rhetoric, designed to make the reader sympathetic, cannot also appeal  to Frankenstein.  And Frankenstein himself is too blind.  Once he is  finally rebuked, the monster vows to avenge himself upon Frankenstein.  He  systematically murders members of Frankenstein's family and friends.  The  entire object of the murders is to make Frankenstein suffer as the monster  has suffered.  Thus, it is impossible that when the monster promises to be  with Frankenstein on his wedding night, that Frankenstein takes extreme  measures to protect himself while not even for a moment looking to his  wife's safety.  It's simply too much to believe.kes extreme  measures to protect himself while not even for a moment looking to his  wife's safety.  It's simply too much to believe.
6303201962|5.0|Although I find Eartha Kitt to be a much more formidable villain-type actor than Ricardo Montalban, all the same I did find The Wrath of Khan to be a delight for the eyes.  I think that this film is great for parents who  want to traumatize their kids with images of worms and ears and charred  bodies and Shatner's acting.  I also want to tell all reviewers to remember  the importance of Mr. Doohan as Scottie.  His acting when talking about Mr.  Preston really... touched my heart in ways I can't even begin to describe.   Also, I think Chekov is Russian.
B00000JCB3|4.0|This cd is amazing.All the songs are good excert 5 and 8 which are ok songs.But songs like nookie and break stuff really rock this cd.The guests in this cd rule too! Jon Davis, Method Man.It couldn't get any better.The only bad thing is the editing and it sounds like there sort of stuttering  but other than that the cd kicks!
0783222149|3.0|Entertaining, yet stretching the boundaries of credibility, yarn puts Meryl Streep into G.I Jane action mode and places her character on a river rafting expedition with her emotionally distant husband and loving child.  Trying to utilize the river as a basis for brining the family closer  together again, that is all rapidly sped up when two escaped convicts join  the raft as their means of escape. Meryl is convincingly good as usual and  Kevin Bacon, as one of the escaped thugs, gives an alarmingly icy  performance. The scenery is picture perfect postcard material and the  direction under the oft under used Curtis Hanson is subtle and raw in all  the right places.
0385493800|4.0|The Testament is the story that begins when a single man's will unfolds into an adventure across the world. Troy Phelan, a multi-billionaire had been married three times and had several children from each marriage. When the time was drawing near for his will to be revealed, all the relatives  that hated him came around to see what was in it for them. The entire  family is shocked when the Will reveals a secret that will cause a journey  to find Rachel Lane, a lucky heir. Nate O'Riley, a man who was troubled by  alchohol overuse, is sent on a mission to fulfill Troy's last Testament.  ~~~~~~~~ This story is full of suspense, greed, trouble and complication.  All of these qualities brought together give you a firm storyline. My only  complaints about this book are a few confusions and unclear moments, and a  bit of a drag near the middle of the book.<br />I think you'll like this book  if you enjoy politics mixed with a jungle adventure. If you don't like the  way Grisham's style, you will probably not enjoy this.<br />Otherwise, give  this wonderful novel a try!
B000031WD8|3.0|Sweet natured, often spot on comedy of rampaging hormones,virginity and teenage angst. American Pie is the definitive &quot;Porky's&quot; for the nineties. The jokes have become more tasteless but there is a level of  sincerity running throughout the script., that many , including us adults,  will be able to identify warmly with. Performances range from reasonable to  the totally hokey but by the end of it all a certain nostalgic feeling is  restored. So go ahead, have a slice...........
B00000AOQ7|5.0|I REMEMBER BUYING THIS CD IN RIVERSIDE CA. A FEW YERS BACK.THE GUITARS, THE VOCALS, EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS CD IS INTENSE. NOW IT'S SO HARD TO GET IT. I HAVE BEEN TO EVERY RECORD STORE THAT I KNOW BUT WITH NO LUCK. I WAS  GLAD TO FIND OUT AMAZON.COM HAD IT. STILL WAITING FOR IT IN THE MAIL. CAN'T  WAIT TO HEAR IT ONCE AGAIN. IF YOU DON'T OWN IT AND IF YOU LIKE HARDCORE  HEAVY METAL YOU'VE GOT TO HAVE THIS CD. CHECK OUT THE NEW ONE  &quot;CRITERIA FOR BLACK WIDOW&quot; IT WILL KICK YOUR BUTT...
B000009ED0|4.0|Kid Rock is nuthin' new.  He wasn't the first to fuse rap with rock and he wont be the last.  He's not the best at it but the album is still pretty good.  Anytime a cd has 6 or 7 decent tracks on it I find it to be a good  pickup.  <br />I've heard people refer to this album as being heavy metal, um  and that would be hilarious if people actually believed that.  This album  is not heavy, but it does have some rock to it. The best rock song on here  as far being the heavist is &quot;I am the bullgod&quot;.  It's a great  song and it was the reason I brought this album What....I didn't buy it  because MTV decided to tell me Bawitdaba was cool?  No I brought this when  I first heard the cd from a friend and &quot;I am The Bullgod&quot; was  gettin' no airplay. Anyways like I was saying the cd is good with other  great songs like Only God Knows Why, and Black Chick, White Guy (great  song), Devil Without A Cause, and Fist of Rage(last 2 not as good as the  previous 4 mentioned).<br />Now if you are big on lyrics and saying that all  your lyrics have got to mean something, then you might want to shy away  from this album.  There are a few songs on here with meaning, but the cd is  more focused on good beats and decent lyrics.  Most of the songs on here  are good and this cd is a great buy.  My advice if you like rock fused with  rap then pick this up, if you are looking for heavy metal music, go  elsewhere.  I think you'll be impressed with it, as long as you don't try  to make it out something it is not as soooo many people have in these  reviews.
B000007MVM|4.0|With some doubts as to the overall song-writing quality i was a bit apprehensive before listening to Syd's solo non-floyd debut, but more to my surprise it turned out to be quite the album more on a mellow scale...while  not as acomplished as Waters and Gilmours solo albums, Barrett shows what  the aforementioned dont always achieve - genuine and unbrideled emotion  coupled with sheer honesty. In some tracks Barrett sounds as if he had  never sung a note before in his life i.e. &quot;If its in you&quot; and on  others such as &quot;Octopus&quot; he has never sounded better. The  inconsistent attributes of this album do not take away as one might derive  but add to the uniqueness of this album making it oneof those albums that  grow after repeated listening's. Overall quite good giving his earlier such  albums as &quot;piper&quot; a run for its money.
0141301155|5.0|CHARLIE &amp; THE CHOCOLATE FACTORY is a GREAT story! It's all about a little boy named Charlie who's poor with his family. All he wants in life is to bite into one of Willy Wonka's delicious candies. And then, eventually, he DOES! Because Wonka's having a contest. He's hiding five  Golden Tickets in five Wonka Bars. And whoever finds them will take a tour  through the entire Wonka Factory! And Charlie's one of the winners! But the  other four winners aren't like Charlie at all. They're bratty! There's  greedy Augustus Gloop, spoiled Veruca Salt, unkind Violet Beaureguarde, and  selfish Mike Teavee. But don't worry. They'll get all the punishments they  deserve. Because Wonka has a few tricks up his amazing sleeves!
B00000JGOJ|2.0|After reading all the great oppinions about this movie and seeing the actors list I was expecting for something better. In this nonrealistic movie, nothing really happens, everyone is dying  or about to go that way  (mostly from aids) - and of course - the so called happy end is inevitable.
6305126062|5.0|Unfortunately I missed this movie on the big screen, but I saw it a month ago on cable.  I was amazed by it from start to finish, Mr. Robert Redford, the cast and crew, just did a superb job.  The love story between Annie and Mr. Tom Booker is risky, painful, gentle and classy. Grace's (Scarlett and  every actor deserves a big plus no matter how small the part is) and  Pilgrim's suffering is heartbreaking.  Robert, the father and husband,  silently keeps his feelings, then confronts them, but he never stops  loving. And thanks to Nicholas Evans and Robert Redford, through the Booker  Family, I loved that ranch, the grandeur of Montana, nature, the horses and  the fact that animals heal in their own way, it is also an example for  everyone - the love the characters have for their home and how proud they  were of it. I could go on, but I don't want to give anything away. Just  watch it, you will never regret it, because it is an unforgettable  movie!  I live in the city, but I would definitely not mind at least  &quot;One ride.&quot; Thank you Mr. Redford it is always delightful to  watch you (Great actor and handsome), Mrs. Kristin Scott Thomas was just  the right actress, outstanding nobody could have done it better and also  congratulations to all who made the movie. Now I want to buy the book, the  soundtrack, a horse and a little ranch.  Allison Moorer and her song  &quot;A Soft Place to Fall&quot; were perfect (it deserved Oscar), well for  a perfect movie what else could you expect.  I have watched it three times  already and in the future I will probably see it many more.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Dogma, although a satire, really makes you think about the difference between beliefs.  Although the language is slightly offensive the overall structure of the moving is hilarious, thought provoking and even uplifting.   It is definitely worth seeing!
B00004SVIK|4.0|Pulse was great because it was Pink Floyd live but they were missing one thing: Roger Waters.  This man's vocals on this cd are ten times better than Gilmour's on Pulse.  This is one of the greatest bands ever and they really show it.  And anyone that says that Pink Floyd is out of style... has no idea what good music sounds like.
B000002LGA|4.0|To a dedicated but often misunderstood minority, Lou Reed has always been New York incarnate: rude, gritty, and not for the weak of stomach nor faint of heart. Thus it is only fitting that he finally entitled one of his  albums &quot;New York&quot; - and created a harrowing document of the  world's cultural epicenter.<br />&quot;New York&quot; contains some of the  greatest songs of Reeds' long career: &quot;Dirty Blvd.&quot; - a worthy  successor to &quot;Walk on the Wild Side&quot;, &quot;Busload of  Faith&quot;, &quot;Halloween Parade&quot;, as well as some of the most  cinematic (&quot;Romeo Had Juliette&quot;). The imagery is 80s New York all  the way - post-Koch, pre-Giuliani - some of the Big Apple's real misfit  years. Perfect for the Lou Reed treatment, sarcasm and frustration fully  blown out to the strains of a bare bones two guitar/bass/drums  accompaniment.<br />Some have suggested that the album hasn't aged well, and  that argument is a decent one. Most people would prefer to forget about the  Goetzes of the world, right? Fact is, some of the subjects explored on this  album were dated by the time it was released.<br />No matter. &quot;New  York&quot; deserves its rightful place in a time capsule dedicated to the  city it is named after. For herein Reed has rendered a strong and very  accurate portrayal of urban chaos, of the like and manner only he could.
0385486804|5.0|It is difficult, perhaps impossible, to write a review of thisbook without pronouncing judgments.  But let me be clear from theoutset that I am not here joining the ongoing debate into thecharacter, motivations or judgment of either Chris McCandless or Jon Krakauer.  Such detachment is not easy as this volume is both a biography and autobiography of values, and I have discussed it from that perspective with my own family and friends.<br />The book is well-written, and Krakauer has performed a neat bit of detective work in piecing together McCandless' story.  The subject matter-- a young man's odyssey...-- is compelling.  I suspect that the extensive number of reviews reflects just how compelling and contentious the subject of this book is.  The paperback suffers from the lack of photgraphs and visual documentation available in the hardcover edition.  The stark, essential facts are still here, however.<br />Krakauer's own bias is clear and admitted.  That is to his credit.  There is no rule that says an author must be detached.  Indeed, Krakauer's involvement in his story strengthens and focuses his prose.<br />I strongly recommend this book to other parents.  If it makes you think and worry, and if it inclines you to ACT by teaching children basic survival skills, so much the better.
B00003CWRX|4.0|The Insider is a very good movie.  That being said, I must say I thought the film was a bit too long.  I understand with a suspense-drama of this sort, there must be at least 2 hours of film to make it's point well understood.  I wasn't as much bored, as I was wanting the film to end,  because of the moments of lag here and there.  But again, I was not bored,  just curious of when the credits would roll, and desiring this movie to  indeed end.<br />The acting in this film is superb.  Pacino, as always, gives  a riveting performance, and Russel Crowe is excellent.  The supporting  actors do a remarkable job as well, and that helps this, at times, slow  moving picture.  <br />I did like the idea, of a movie that honestly (with  poetic license of course) portrays the corporate tobacco monsters in todays  world, and the loop-holes and snags they can twist and turn to get the  upperhand and the advantage on the crisis they may face.  <br />Based on a  true story, this film displays one mans incredible courage to risk  everything important to him (including his family's and his own life), to  do what is right !  Everyone of us, at least every DECENT one of us wishes  we can be like that at some point or another during our lives.  Be the REAL  hero.  Standing up for what is right, no matter what the cost.  Indeed, it  was nice to see the hero portrayed by Crowe, a very talented actor...<br />A  four star movie from me because of the gripping drama and superb acting,  but I just couldn't give it 5 stars, as I really did find myself wanting  the film to end.  2 hours and 30 + minutes was just a bit too long for this  sort of movie in my opinion.  But I would recommend this film to anyone  with a passion for great acting and a very good and REALISTIC drama.
0140282033|4.0|This beautifully written book shows that however ordinary our lives may seem, we all make an huge difference in those around us.  A simple theme of kindness and compassion winning over disdain and and selfpity is beautifully told as the mouth watering aroma of chocolate seems to spill  from the pages.  This is a definate &quot;must read&quot; and &quot;read  again&quot;!
0767830555|4.0|After going through the 85 reviews or so on this film, I feel very proud.  People have done an extremely good job of explaining the brilliance of Taxi Driver and the emotional experience that it evokes.  And although I have little to add in those areas, I do have another perspective that I hope  will be of interest. <br />Probably the one aspect of being a cinephile that I  most enjoy is finding a connection between two filmmakers that I really  like.  It helps explain my reaction to their work---as if to say, it's only  natural that you relate to this film; this filmmaker likes the same films  as you.  In these terms, Taxi Driver has been a tremendously rewarding  experience.  Watching it again, this time as a more knowlegable cinephile,  I discovered connections that I'd overlooked in the past.  A couple of  these observations, I think are particularly revelatory, and I'd like to  share them.  <br />But before I do so, know that these are merely conclusions  that I have drawn and that they are by no means fact.  If you agree, great.   If you learn something, great.  If you don't agree and don't learn  anything, well, I hope you at least enjoyed the read.  <br />Although Mean  Streets is my favorite Martin Scorsese film, I think Taxi Driver is far  more interesting from a stylistic standpoint.  More than anything, I say  this because of Michael Chapman's cinematography---the lighting, the  framing, the camera movements, everything.   Coincidentally, in recent  years, of all the young cinematographers, I have been most impressed by  Christopher Doyle and his work with the Hong Kong filmmaker Wong Kar-Wai.   I love the way he captures the big city and have always felt that there was  something truly original about his work.  <br />Until recently, however, I was  unaware of any precursor to the Christopher Doyle style.  I thought it was  one of those artistic breakthroughs that come without warning and defy all  claims of artistic inheritance.  But then I re-watched All the President's  Men.  In the work of Gordon Willis, I recognized those blues and reds and  greens that I had always attributed to Christopher Doyle.  And now that  I've gone back and watched Taxi Driver, I see that Michael Chapman was  responsible for many of the other things that I'd always credited to  Christopher Doyle.  In 1976, he gave the nocturnal city a new  look---revolutionizing the way the streets shine and the signs glow and the  colors all blend into one another. <br />Like I said before, findings like  these are one of my greatest pleasures as a cinephile.  When I like a film,  I want it to mean that I've been moved.  Recognizing similarities like  Doyle-Willis-Chapman enables me to continue filmgoing as an emotional  experience.  I like a certain kind of lighting.  When a film is lit that  way, I react.  It's not a theory.  And I don't have to justify my tastes in  any intellectual manner.  And for me, that's why I became interested in  film in the first place---because it affected me emotionally.      That  said, back to the game of uncovering parallels between the work of Wong  Kar-Wai and Martin Scorsese.  As I mentioned earlier, my favorite Martin  Scorsese film is Mean Streets.  It's not the filmmaker's most stylistically  characteristic or even most impressive work, but it is my favorite.  I  respond to it more than to any of his other films.  It moves me, and I care  about the characters.  Taxi Driver, on the other hand, because of some of  the truly anti-social flaws in Travis Bickle's character, leaves me cold.   I don't fully respond to Travis' plight.  He never exhibits the positive  qualities that I need in order to be fully taken in by a character.  And he  doesn't ever give me a good reason to be sympathetic towards his  loneliness.  <br />I've never fully responded to Taxi Driver on an emotional  level, and now I understand that it is because I don't relate to Travis  Bickle.  Yet I still like the film.  This paradox---liking a filmyet not  caring about the central character reminds of Wong Kar-Wai's Chungking  Express.  <br />When I first saw Chungking Express (the first Wong Kar-Wai  film I ever saw), I thought it was cool.  Its style was new and  intoxicating.  But I didn't feel totally satisfied.  Wong's mysterious  swapping of central characters left me confused and kept me from fully  implicating myself into his story.  I wanted more from a film.  <br />Then I  saw Days of Being Wild.  Although it lacked the excitement of Wong  Kar-Wai's signature style, I found myself responding much more deeply to  its characters than I had to anyone in Chungking Express.  <br />And now it  all makes sense.  For a long time, I fell into one of two traps.  I would  see a film knowing it was classic and if I wasn't moved, I would think that  I had missed something.  My defense mechanisms would be set in motion and  before I knew it, I'd be convincing myself that I had also thought it was a  classic.  Or other times I would base my opinion of a film entirely on a  film's surface.  I'm not saying that any of the previous reviewers have  fallen into this trap, but with work of unusually exciting style like Taxi  Driver (other examples include Pulp Fiction, Trainspotting, The Wild Bunch,  or Clockwork Orange), it is a likely pitfall.  From here on out, and I  don't think it'll be easy, I hope to live by the following---if the film  moved me, I liked it.  I don't care if it's a classic or not.
B000023X9W|2.0|There really is nothing new here from good ol' Neil.  Just more of the same harvest, with sappier songs which, I believe, didn't require much effort on his part to pen.  Do yourself a favor and buy the debut disc from the Beachwood Sparks.  You'll thank me for it.
B000023X9W|4.0|I AM A HUGE NEIL YOUNG FAN AND HIS NEW DISC IS SIMPLY AWESOME.  VERY MELLOW AND ACTUALLY PRETTY MUSIC ESPECIALLY COMING FROM A MAN WHO KNOWS HOW TO ROCK VERY LOUD WITH DISTORTION.  THE MAJOR PROBLEM WITH THIS DISC IS  THAT IT IS ONLY APPROXIMATELY 39 MINUTES LONG.  WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?  NEIL  NORMALLY DELIVERS NOT ONLY QUALITY, BUT QUANTITY WITH HIS RELEASES, BUT  THIS DISC IS SHORT EVEN BY 1970'S STANDARDS.  WITH THAT SAID, EVERY SONG IS  GREAT AND TO SINGLE ONE OUT AS BEING THE BEST IS TOUGH, BUT IF I HAD TO, IT  SO HAPPENS TO BE THE LONGEST SONG, &quot;RAZOR LOVE.&quot;  TO SUMMARIZE  GREAT DISC BUT TOO SHORT.
B00003ZA27|1.0|if you want to have an example of all that bach's music can't stand, just listen...awful choruses, monstruous tempi , disgusting legato, and among all, Karajan's fatuity. God. the celestial Janowitz, her wonderful and melancholic voice, would be the unique reason to buy this horrific  recording. but she never sings alone...
6305531374|1.0|Lets get this straight, I'm a long time Halloween fan and take it from me, this sequel does not do any justice to the previous ones, save for 3 and 6. I really thought that Miner was on to something during the first half.  There were some scary scenes and I enjoyed the classic slashing Michael  uses to pick the kids but as soon as Jamie discovers that he's after her,  the movie just loses it. Everything becomes predictable, dumb, fake and not  scary whatsoever. I did like Janet Leigh's cameo appearance though. I can  almost compare Curtis to Linda Hamilton in Terminator...in the original,  she was shy and innocent, then later she appears as tough and fearless...it  least it worked in T2. I particularly found it dumb when she was calling  Michael's name looking for him...come on! He ain't stalking her, she's  stalking him! All said, this COULD have been done better.
B00001SIES|4.0|This is an album with some great songs(Muscle Museum, Unintended, Sunburn and a couple of others) and some not quite so great(although they are not what you' d call fillers). The musical style reveals infuences from Nirvana  and Radiohead, something that most persons will like and not scoff(like the  majority of 'serious' music magazines). This is stadium-filling rock at its  best.
B000002HMH|4.0|James, Kirk, Jason, and Lars are back with a surprisingly good album, their best since the 1991 self-titled smash.  The group has clearly matured and grown, and they do reflect this in their sound.  They still rock just  as hard but now James is more or less singing instead of yelling.  There  are more ballad types of songs on the album, like &quot;Bleeding Me&quot;,  &quot;The Outlaw Torn&quot;, or my favorite tracks &quot;Until it  Sleeps&quot; and &quot;Hero of the Day&quot;.  Harder tracks are &quot;King  Nothing&quot;, &quot;2X4&quot;, and &quot;Ain't My Bitch&quot;.  This album  is the best they released from 1991-1998 so buy it if you are a Metallica  fan.  For those of you who aren't Metallica fans, give it a listen and  maybe you will see what all the fuss is about.
0440234743|3.0|I guess I'm looking for another THE FIRM or A TIME TO KILL.  This book starts off interestingly enough, but I got bogged down in Brazil and couldn't breathe.  I also anticipated what the protagonist would find.  Not one of the better John Grisham books, but for an evening or two's  entertainment, it's okay.
B000023X9W|4.0|This is Neil very early in the morning before that first cup of coffee, Neil can pull that off.  I first listened to this sitting out in my car during my lunch break under some big trees with  the birds singing and the  sun shining, it worked well in that setting.  Haven't listened to it any  other way yet.  I have been a fan since 1972, and other than the sad mid  80's output Neil has always been there for me.  I was, like many, tiring of  the Crazy Horse bashfests of late, so I was really glad to hear that this  one was going to be laid back.<br />Best songs (to me) are Daddy Went Walkin',  Glad To See You &amp; Buffalo Sprinfield Again.  Makes you wonder if a  reunion is in the future, INTERESTING.<br />Neil's next album should be loud  &amp; angry cause I hear he is being sued!  Be prepared.
B00000119Z|5.0|As soon as I heard the drone and backwards-guitar intro to &quot;My White Bicycle&quot; I was hooked. A forward, pounding beat rumbles the song forwards and the wonderful pop hook makes you want more.<br />And that's only  the first song! Buy this record NOW!
B00000J7S8|5.0|Diana Krall does it again.   By recording old pop standards with a jazz undertow, Diana is re-introducing jazz to the mainstream public.   I always look forward to the bridge were Diana's excellent piano playing with the  accompliment of other musicians makes the songs something more than just  someone signing an old pop standard.
B00004SVID|5.0|This is everything and more that I had expected. Other reviewers may say it better --- I'll just say to hear the live version and the subtle differences and textures from the studio version is a musical delight. I  have tix to see Roger Waters &quot;In The Flesh&quot; for the second time  this year and I can NOT wait! Enjoy!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is the best movie I have seen in a long time. The movie makes you think, which is something I cannot say for most of the movies being produced today. The sound and technology involved in this movie are beyond  words, and the acting is the best I have seen in years. I may only be 16,  but I have seen a lot of movies in my days and there aren't any cornball  lines in The Matrix that makes the movie lose it's seriousness. I definite  must see, then see again.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Instead of the fact that 'Earthling' was just a perfect album, this romantic back of Mr. Bowie declares clearly his talent in change like a mirror of the times... From the beginning to the end of the album he  explore, with the complicity of Reeves Gabrels, both aspects of his  personality: the first part is more romantic and pop like tunes are showed  in it... the second part, after the acoustic song 'Seven', are more  experimental and hard. I think that this album is not perfect but it sounds  great and it distinguish Bowie music from the rest of the middle - produced  album around the world!
B00000IGGA|5.0|This album is really a masterpiece.  Just as Mr. Waits makes us think he is done, he comes back with this all-powerful record.  'Hold on', 'House where nobody lives', 'picture in a frame', 'Georgia Lee', and 'take it with  me' all send an irresistible waves of emotion to you.  I can tell you right  now, if this man has experienced and bore witness to all he writes of, he  is a much wiser man than I.  Don't think the songs I didn't mention were  poor, by ANY MEANS!  They keep you listening with bluesy beats and guitar  parts and truthful, disturbing, and sometimes even funny lyrics.  This  album makes me laugh, cry, and can even lull me to sleep.  I cannot say the  same for any other album or artist on the face of this earth.  Well, Nick  Cave, John Popper, and Pj Harvey can.  Yet, they are all a DISTANT second  to Tom Waits.
0312954468|4.0|First person fiction is not Wilbur Smiths' strong suit,but in a Smith novel, you hardly notice that with the usual break-neck pace of the action. A reader hoping for insights into ancient Egypt will be disappointed, for Smith is not a historical writer and does pretend to be. What he does  deliver, (as always), is rapid paced action packed story. No book by this  author is disappointing, a bad Smith is better than 99% of the other  novelists working today.  The major disappointment here is the main  character, Taita, who comes across as a arrogant know-it-all, by far the  least sympathic main character Smith has ever written. (At times, you wish  someone would chain this guy hand and foot and throw his butt to the  crocs! ) Despite this, &quot;River God&quot; is an excellent read and  recommended to anyone who likes a cracking good story.....
0446605409|3.0|I am a big Demille Fan.  I think his characters, plots, and conversations are great.  I have read all of his books and I love them all.  Plum Island is great until the end.  Like the Lion's Game, with its cop out ending, Plum Island is very exciting until the last few pages.  At the end, its a  very silly conventional chase.  However, up until the last few pages its  great.  Is it worth the time, absolutely.  You will read through it very  fast.  Demille's books are always fun to read.  However the end is poor.
B000003TAR|5.0|I've always been very controversy on the Kurt Cobain-Nirvana issue. It confuses me and I try to do the right thing, by remembering that Kurt was a man just like anyone else. But when I listen to this CD, I can't help but  forget that he never wanted the fame or the recodnition. This is an  incredible CD. The melodies and lyrics are amazing. It may be slow and  melodic, fast and heavy, or ironic and depressing, but either way, it gets  you hooked. And the simple chords and riffs make it easy to really know the  song since you can learn them on the guitar in no time at all. The lyrics  are a bit abstract, but the man was going through some freakish things when  this album came out. What do you expect? They're still genious. Kurt had a  gift, and I can't help but respect it.
B0000024UF|5.0|I once saw a documentary about Cohen in which he explained that he refused to get out of bed in the morning until he was &quot;in a state of grace.&quot;  This is quite interesting, and I would encourage everyone to  follow this approach. However, preaching aside, I would say that Cohen was  certainly in some state of grace when he wrote this gorgeous album. We have  all &quot;tried in our ways to be free.&quot; (sic.)
6305546789|4.0|Laure Doyle is the &quot;nerd&quot; of her gang. She dont have a boyfriend, she's to afraid to ask somebody out, she's shy and she gets almost strigth A's. Its halloween, and since she dont have a boyfrind to  spend the day with, she is babysitting Tommy. Her friends are around  somewhere else, one is with her boyfriend and the other one is babysitting  right across the street. Dr Sam Loomis has been responsible for Michael  Myers a long time. When Michael was only six, he killed his older sister,  and later he killed his parants. That night, acsactly 15 years later, he  runs away again. This time he's after Laurie and her friends. Laurie, who  offcourse isn't used to kill people, has to takle this serial killer all by  her self, and he seems to have some more powers then just a  human...<br />Jamie Lee Curtis's first movie. Belive it or not, she migth be  one of our best acters now, but the? Noway. Donald Pleasence, the one who  became the big halloweenperson, is more like what we call an acter. You can  also find Nancy Allen from &quot;Carrie&quot; beyon Lauries friends. The  movie an classic, the movie who started the big horror-raid in the late  seventys and eightys. Defently wort seeing if you are a horrofan. Hey - its  history, as important as the civial war are for your teachers...
B00000253N|5.0|I once attended a lecture in college where the professor spoke at length about &quot;Shelter from the storm.&quot; Normally, I don't like my professors quoting from Rock and Roll stars (or anyone from the sixties for  that matter) but in this case I was amazed by the depth of imagery and  lyricism that Dylan was able to squeeze into this song.  This album will  hold up forever.
B000006NPY|5.0|by the time this album was released in 1998, the smashing pumpkins had conquered the world-but billy corgan had shadows and heartaches to deal with.  thus, &quot;adore&quot; was born.<br />&quot;a summer storm graces all  of me, hi-way warm, sing silent poetry.&quot;<br />this is not a smashing  pumpkins album.  it is an album of corgan bearing his soul.  this is corgan  the man being intimate through corgan the artist, more here than ever ever  before.  it is music poetry.  an album of frail beauty that was so unjustly  over looked.  <br />this album is to be played with headphones in a dark room.   the ebb of its music will flow with subtle grace.  and once the tide  recedes it leaves the soul clean...just as corgan's must have been after  creating this delicate gift.  <br />&quot;did it for the feel of something  new.&quot;<br />five stars for its stark beauty and fragile intimacy.
0780628551|4.0|What is with you people.  Yes, sure, the ending was predictable and rather short.  The ending was seemingly allocated too little time in relation to the amount of time it took to bulid up all that suspense and puzzelment.   At the end of it all, what were we really expecting other than what took  place.  For the first time we got a semi sci-fi horror/thriller where there  was actually some form of character build up (namely Charlize Theron).   Yes, despite his all star presence I too found it hard to accept MR.J.D as  an executive with bleached hair and a trendy ring on his finger. But hey,  this movie is designer made, it's slick, the scenes are filled with  beautiful people and the kind of homes we'd like to own.  It kept me  watching right until the end and so i'ii only take off one star purely  because of the inadequate ending.  This movie delivers on what it's about  by and large though. Those of you who think not should consider making  movies yourselves and see if you can do a better job. To think that  self-indulgent (oh look at us Americans we have so much depth ha ha  ha)stuff like &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; does so well.  I mean, kids just  aren't that sensitive and oh so mature at that age - especially in grand  old culture ridden USA (joking about the culture ridden bit). Four Stars  for &quot;The Astronaut's Wife&quot;.
B000002GBJ|2.0|I too heard this album upon its original release in the early 70's and was quite impressed with it at the time. Having recently purchased the CD I still do find the recording interesting. I do not believe it has aged well  though, being overblown, overlong and vaguely pompus. Although the  compositions are well done &quot;mathematically&quot;, they are sometimes  strangely devoid of actual melody. No doubt that the composer had some  clout and influence, in those days, as one can clearly hear echos of his  style and technique in later music ranging from groups as diverse as Queen  to (particularly) Kansas.
6305807086|5.0|It's not required that you follow the plot in this film. Rather look for what the director is relating in the script, and visuals. Being John Malkovich is a film about how people are willing to disguise, and lie to their true selves in order to protect the small pieces of happiness they  obtain in life. Craig Schwartz is a puppeteer who projects his inner  conflict through his performances. His wife projects her empathy, and  insecurity on to her pets. These two people live in isolation even though  they are married. When Craig needs to find work he finds it at a &quot;down  sized&quot; business on the 7 1/2 floor of old building. The building holds  a secret... a portal into John Malkovich's mind. Does this need to make  sense. No it does not. What is important that the character's find a place  where they can hide their identy, and become what they wish because of John  Malkovich's celeberty. I will go no further in discribing the plot because  there are many surprises to be had in this movie.You may want to rent this  before you buy simply because the film contains some bizzare moments, and  is not for everyones tastes. This is an art film, not a special effects  ladden action flick. To me it's nice to see art prevail in a commercial  glutted field. Give it a shot
B000001ESF|5.0|2112 is an absolute masterpiece of music and literature.  Sure it steals from several other Sci-Fi pieces but the way Neil Peart and Rush put the lyrics and music together is astounding.  I've always wished for a 2112 movie.
B00000K0DU|3.0|This is Fulci's most unpleasant film, but not all for the right reasons. To be sure, the violence featured is revolting, especially the death of the final victim by close-up razor slicing. We also get a broken bottle rammed  into a naked womans crotch, and many other sleazy scenes. However, the film  is very ugly to look at, with nearly all scenes being set in dull streets,  apartments and offices, with lots of tiresome dialogue as the main  character, a police detective, tries to find the murderer. Apart from the  grisly murders and one strange hallucination sequence (also with violence!)  set in a cinema, there isn't much to hold the interest visually, none of  the characters are interesting, and the story is laughable, especially the  explanation of the killer's &quot;Donald Duck&quot; voice...don't hold your  breath. Watch Fulci's gothic horrors like &quot;House By The Cemetary&quot;  and &quot;The Beyond&quot; instead.
B00004S367|5.0|This fantastic and often overlooked album is among Stevie's finest stuff, and it marked a significant turning point in his music.  Tiring of Motown's hit factory mentality, and inspired by the recent artistic efforts of  Marvin Gaye and Isaac Hayes, he recorded a pair of albums on his own.  The  first, &quot;Where I'm Coming From,&quot; was a step towards a new  direction, but still contained shades of his 'Little Stevie Wonder' days.   With &quot;Music Of My Mind,&quot; he introduced the elements that would  become the signature of his groundbreaking '70s material (layers of funky  synthesizers, socially and politically conscious lyrics, and longer, more  complex songs that extended beyond the 3-minute radio hit).  He also plays  almost all of the instruments, utilizing innovative studio techniques to  craft a fully realized album, complete with accompanying lyrics (which are  now available once again in the restored packaging).  The phenomenal  &quot;Superwoman,&quot; &quot;Girl Blue,&quot; and the epic &quot;Keep On  Running&quot; point the way to the musical territory he would explore for  the rest of the decade.  His next four releases are undoubtedly essential  works of genius, and this one deserves a place next to them in your  collection.  It may not be as cohesive as &quot;Talking Book,&quot; or as  celebrated as &quot;Songs in the Key of Life,&quot; but this disc is a  brilliant effort from an artist entering his best period.  Don't pass it  by.
B00000IQUT|1.0|&quot;I Spit on Your Grave&quot; is a film that has been the subject of far too many people's attention, and mostly for the wrong reasons. They either loathe it, or rabidly defend its &quot;artistry&quot;. Well, it  certainly has little to recommend it, unless you enjoy watching a naked  woman being raped, degarded and humiliated for almost a whole hour. Still  interested? The films standpoint as a &quot;revenge&quot; film gets a  little lost after devoting this much time to the rape spectacle, and with  convincing acting by Camille Keaton, it is a harrowing experience for the  viewer. But the revenge? A brief bit of knife waving over a bubble bath,  and all the male movie reviewers are screaming and clutching themselves.  Get real! The male victims in this sleaze-orama are not even good enough  actors for you to care about their fates. At least the outdoor scenery  looks lush and beautiful, but all other aspects of the film are ugly and  depressing. Worth watching for curiosity value, but it's unlikely to merit  a second viewing.
0783223218|3.0|This one is passable entertainment if you don't pay much attention to the plot and enjoy what few things this film has to offer. Among them is Richard Gere's charismatic performance as Ex-IRA who is now helping Sidney  Poitier track down The Jackal. Poitier is his usual intimidating self and  it's a lot of fun to see Bruce Willis change identities, I also enjoyed the  high-tech weaponry. Other than that, the plot and the ending are  unsatisfying. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 6!
0767835255|1.0|This movie is so rancid it will appeal mainly to the brain-dead. Any genuine action-movie fan will recoil at the ridiculous over-the-top action scenes: all visual hyperbole and grating melodrama, that it becomes nothing  less than a self-parody of a thriller. All that was missing was the cast  from Monty Python and, of course, Leslie Nielson to pass this off as comedy  of absurd proportions.
0684857219|4.0|Arnold, in his prime, was still the greaters bodybuilder ever.  And when he was doing it, the judging criteria didn't have so much emphasis on lookind cut, ripped, or however you want to put it.... the fact that  several bodybuilders have died of dehydration over the past several years  is frightening.  In Arnold's day they went for a fuller, healthier look,  and people weren't dying.<br />Still, this book, like its first edition, still  contains a full chapter on use of steroids.  Sure, he did it, everyone did  it and still does it at the professional level, but with laws the way they  are now it takes some measure of dishonesty on the part of  &quot;patient&quot; (bodybuilder) and doctor to get these products.  And  they're still potentially dangerous, even if used in moderation.  Can  anyone say FOR CERTAIN that Arnold's heart condition wasn't due to steroid  use?<br />I'll skip over the good parts of this book; I do believe it's the  best book of its type, but I don't want to reiterate things covered in so  many other reviews.<br />I do have a warning about lifting techniques.  Most  of what Arnold teaches is very good, very safe, but this book should be  used only as a reference manual.  Go back to it now and then to remind  yourself of this or that, but you need to learn to lift from someone who is  already an experienced weightlifter!  It doesn't need to be a mammoth  powerlifter or bodybuilder; it does need to be a good teacher, someone who  will correct your form, technique, lifting schedule, etc. until you know  enough to go on your own or with a partner.<br />One safety tip: Arnold still  teaches doing the front dumbbell raises (in the shoulders chapter) with the  palms facing the floor.  Doing it this way is how I wrecked my left  shoulder, couldn't lift for 5 months, and had to go through physical  therapy.  The way physiologists and physical therapists recommend this lift  is by keeping your palms facing each other instead of the floor.  This way  youdon't put excess strain on a particular small muscle in the area of  your shoulder blade.  You still get a good workout on your shoulders, and  it's safe.<br />Happy lifting....
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is a great dance album from 'Moby'. &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?&quot;, &quot;Run On&quot; and &quot;Body Rock&quot; are really cool dance songs. When you listen to this top-selling album, you just want to  dance!  'Play' is fantastic. 5 stars.
B00001R3GI|5.0|With the Beatles gone for two years, the Stones cemented their reputation as the &quot;world's greatest rock and roll band&quot; with this fine album.  However, this seeming default status as standard-bearers of black music-as-performed-by-whites betrays the fact that they were, for a time,  awfully good at the job they set themselves.<br />What often emerges in  reviews of this double LP is the fabled grungy sound quality and sense of  debauchery. As if to offset the clean, perfect sound of The Beatles and the  purity of the Fabs concerns. This is all rubbish. &quot;Exile&quot; is a  well-recorded document of a time when its creators probably couldn't  remember it well themselves. And the most memorable songs tend to be the  less cliched &quot;rock n' roll&quot; numbers, such as &quot;Tumbling  Dice&quot; and &quot;Soul Survivor&quot;. These songs are testament to the  sense of loss that informs Stones songs: for every &quot;Brown Sugar&quot;  there is a &quot;Wild Horses&quot; waiting to get out. (And it must be  remembered that loss is as much a blues trademark as hedonism.)<br />A fine  album, and one that sustains its length.
0679746048|5.0|&quot;...it is easy to slip into a parallel universe. Thereare many of them: worlds of insane, criminal, ...<br />   These wordswithin the first few pages of Susanna Kaysen's book, Girl Interrupted still ring within the deep crevices  of my brain only a mere day since finishing her memoir. An emotional  journey with Kaysen reveals that we are all on the &quot;borderline&quot;  of having an emotional breakdown. Who hasn't been depressed and not known  exactly why? Who hasn't wanted to escape from all responsibilities in life?  We all feel a little crazy sometimes, and this book reminds us what makes  us crazy is crossing the line; the line of not just being depressed, or  dazed, or apathetic, but the line of wanting to live. Susanna Kaysen  crossed the line. She swallowed fifty aspirin before realizing that it  wasn't what she really wanted. She lined them up and took one by one,  counting them as she went. This lands her in the local mental hospital with  some not so run-of-the-mill people.  To name a few, There's Lisa, and later  Lisa number two are both sociopaths. Then Polly, who lit herself on fire,  Daisy, who eats only chicken, rids her body of the nourishment with  laxatives, and saves the chicken carcasses in her room, and Alice, who  decorates her new high security room with feces. The analogies that Kaysen  uses are amazing. So many times will you find yourself siding with her and  at times the hospital almost seems like a vacation from life and sounds  like a good idea. Then she quickly jerks you back to reality by reminding  you that in the hospital you got plastic silverware that is locked up only  for usage when accompanied by a nurse or how there is someone who busts  into your room and  &quot;checks&quot; in on you every five minutes,  whether you like it or not.    Being a teenager during any time period is  not easy. Heck, if it were up to all the psychologists, psychoanalysts, and  a large majority of parents, every teenager would be put into somekind of  mental hospital or &quot;mental health&quot; program. I remember clearly  asking myself at the age of 16 if I was going insane. I too felt as though  I were standing on the gray line between parallel universes: between the  &quot;sane&quot; world and the &quot;insane&quot; world. Even within the  first few pages of her book, I felt the walls closing in on me. She makes  her audience smell the hospital smells; the way the institution felt to  this young woman. Susanna knew she really didn't belong there, but the  longer she was there, the safer she felt behind the locked doors and  bar-covered security windows. Ms. Kaysen brings to light the humor in her  diagnosis: Borderline Personality.  I  understand the humor in this  diagnosis, especially in one of someone of a mere 18. Ms. Kaysen defines  this in one of her final chapters: &quot;An essential feature of this  disorder is a pervasive pattern of instability of self image, interpersonal  relationships, and mood,.....................................&quot;   Doesn't this sound like a normal teenager going  through the phases to adulthood? Who, at the age of 17 or 18, glanced in  the mirror and thought they were ugly; or who was one day in a cheerful,  loving-life kind of mood and the next nearly suicidal?   Even after she was  released from the hospital, her world followed her into the new life she  tried to acquire. She continued therapy and psychoanalysis. Her therapist  had to write letters permitting her to acquire a job, a driver's license:  things we, who were never &quot;locked up,&quot; take for granted. She  mentioned that every time she tried to apply for a job while still at the  hospital, she was looked down upon by any future employer. No wonder she  felt as though the hospital was a safe haven. No one on the inside saw her  as though she was crazy. Everyone was equal. But on the outside, she  realized life was much different. Even the prisoners of Alcatraz wanted to  find a way out of their prison cells, to visit the City by the Bay. But if  they had ever gotten that chance, I think maybe they would have realized it  was a safer world on the inside.     By the end of the book, you are not a  changed person, you are not reborn, but you are enlightened. Yes...Other  people do feel as stressed out as you. Never before can any of us really  say we know what goes on in a mental hospital. We all know someone who has  been committed to one, or have heard of celebrities being committed. And it  makes us realize how everyone suffers and it is okay to not always be  happy. But it is not okay to let that take control of your life.
B00003CWOL|5.0|One of the best movies in years - a religious movie for the rest of us!   I use it with my high-school Sunday School class.  It uses the best of modern and postmodern theology.  Basically, it is Kierkegaard, with a plot,  and accessible.
6305810109|5.0|&quot;The Straight story&quot; was one of my favourite movies of 1999. It is a warm and gentle movie that is not overly sentimental. Every scene has just the right tone.<br />Fans of David Lynch might be astonished when they  hear that their master made a G-rated movie, but to my mind, it is one of  Lynch's best films. I think that sometimes, his films are too freaky for  their own good, but in &quot;The Straight Story&quot;, he completely serves  his screenplay and trusts his actors. Richard Farnsworth is really  masterful as Alvin Straight. His performance is so effective that he almost  moved me to tears. He shows us a man that hasn't lost his dignity despite  being old and handicaped. But let's not forget the supporting cast with the  outstanding Sissy Spacek. Other great contributions are made by  cinematographer Freddie Francis and also by the score composer.<br />I once  wrote that Terrence Malick's &quot;The Thin Red Line&quot; is not always  poetic because it strives too hard to be just that. Cinematic poetry cannot  be forced, it must develope out of the moment. &quot;The Straight  Story&quot; is one of the most poetic films of the decade.
B00000K19E|5.0|Can't say it better than that.  A must see!  Buy this movie - DVD if possible.  You watch it at least twice.  Every time you watch, you'll find something you missed and you'll think more and more about the human race...
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is Radiohead's best.  Their art rock techno indie feel is inspiring and masterful.  It's an indescribable tour-de-force.  The darkness and depth of the music is beyond words.  OK Computer is, in short, a phenomenal CD.
B000021XR5|4.0|But not great!  They've produced better, but if you liked STP in the past, you'll still enjoy this cd.  Down and Sour Girl are reason alone to buy...
B00003CWL5|5.0|This brilliantly funny and touching film could be one of the best of all time.  The surprising and eye-opening plot, the all-star acting, the depth and warmth of the movie can be summed up in one word: GENIUS.  I could go  on forever, but there's no need simply because this movie is one of those  things you can't explain.  You just ahve to experience it.
B000003BE4|5.0|This is there first truly great album. Satisfaction, easily the greatest song in the history of Rock n Roll, alone would be enough to put it over the top but some of the other tracks really display how the Stones can make  any song great.
0805209999|5.0|The morose and satirical style of Kafka is so powerful that you may find yourself stopping to catch your breath between pages of this stirring and frightening book.  &quot;K&quot; is as hauntingly real as any of us, and his situation is also sadly compatible with that of many of us.
6305718954|5.0|I'm not sure why some people think this was a takeoff of &quot;The Exorcist&quot;.  Granted, the person was possessed, but that was it.  I think I lot of people missed the real message behind this movie that organised religion is a farce.  If you really think about it, if there was  a Christ, would he want people worshiping him.  Would he want  &quot;representatives&quot; asking people for money.  One just has to look  at all the prophets on television to really understand the point behind  this film.  Also, I think the alternate ending should have been used for  the movie.  The picture quality was very good and the effects very  realisic.  Great movie.
0060930187|5.0|This is a work of art.  It is Sylvia Plath's scarcely disguised autobiography, the painful story of how she attempted suicide and how she was &quot;stuck together with glue&quot; as I've once heard it put.  The prose is breathtaking and the story is heartbreaking.  It is a brilliant  and thought-provoking work.
B000001FNL|5.0|Well, how does Barry Gibb hold those high notes for so long.  Fanny Be Tender (with my love), what a lovely, but powerful song.  Nights on B, Love So Right.  If you are a B G fan, then get it.  If you're not, theres not a lot of number 1's on this, so you may not be familiar with some of them, I  would recommend the Greatest Hits of the B G's or Spirits, and Fever.  Its  so cheap, and yet so brilliant!
B000002TPS|5.0|The philosophical yet hard-edged metal style of Megadeth is incredible.  From the raging &quot;Train of Consequences&quot; to the subtle &quot;A Tout Le Monde&quot; this CD includes many of Megadeth's best songs.  Their sound is one of substance, not just another screaming dark-philosophy  buzzword-filled album as are many CD's in this genre.  An awesome find.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead is often presented as a modern day Pink Floyd and is, in fact, more like Pink Floyd than the post-Roger Waters Floyd could ever hope to be.  Radiohead's songs cover the same field as Floyd's-loneliness,  helplessness, anger.  However, to consider &quot;OK Computer&quot; to be  Radiohead's &quot;The Wall&quot; is missing the point.  &quot;The  Wall&quot; was about an inner struggle, a man whose life and circumstances  drove him to madness and terror.  &quot;OK Computer&quot; is about a  struggle with a world that is in the midst of a technological advancement  that is killing mankind.  <br />These issues are stated with a lyrical beauty,  and some of the most beautiful, textured music you'll ever hear.  This  music is not hummable.  But, you will hear Paranoid Android in your sleep.   It takes a few listens to catch on, but if you hold on, you will be  rewarded.
0156907399|4.0|After &quot;Tristram Shandy&quot; I never wanted to read stream of consciousness books again. And I was not overly happy when the teacher assigned this book. But after reading this, I saw that stream of consciousness could be beautiful (if it was handled correctly). The big difference here is that Woolf DOES offer a strong plot that enables her to  use this technique. All of the characters are on some kind of journey to  reach contentment. Obviously the desired contentment varies with the  character, but nevertheless, they all have a common goal. The images of the  lighthouse serves as a medium between the characters. Woolf also gives us  interesting psychological insight into human nature. Now this book is not  the drum I march to. But it was one of my teacher (Ms Worby's) favorites.  And in all honesty, I can understand why. If this is a typical example of  Virginia Woolf's work, she is an outstanding author.
6300214826|5.0|I first saw this film about one and a half years ago, and thought it sucked.  I found it confusing, poorly structured, and pretty much just a collection of snappily photographed vignettes.  Then for a class I was  required to read and analyze Joseph Conrad's &quot;Heart of Darkness,&quot;  the literary basis for &quot;Apocalypse Now.&quot;  I watched it again in  class because our teacher thought watching the video would help the class  understand the book, but for me it was the other way around -- the book  shed new light on the film.  Now that I actually GET what the film is about  (and it's not just a typical 70s-era anti-war propaganda piece by liberal  filmmakers), it is almost impossible to explain, because the scope is so  huge. One of the central themes is that man exists with a black heart  beating inside, and in the right (or rather horribly wrong) situation, it  can be allowed to burst forth and unleash the hellish consequences of  giving into our primal nature.  This film examines the journey men take to  that place where they can look over the abyss into the pit of insanity that  is ever-present and waiting to engulf them.  The brilliant cinematography  captures the Jungian essence of such a journey; this is all made possible  by the direction of Francis Ford Coppola (who actually surpasses all of his  other work with this film, including the &quot;Godfather&quot; movies) and  his cowriters, who perfectly translated the book into a modern and  therefore more REAL setting.  I guess what I mean to say is that if a  moviegoer wants to have a much more rewarding experience with this film,  they should read and re-read the original masterpiece which inspired this  film.  Most of the scenes, and even some of the dialogue are taken straight  from the book which is actually set in Africa against the backdrop of the  ivory trade.  Put both together, the book and the movie, and you will have  one of the most unsettling, most terrifying, and most deeply profoundexperiences to be had in cinema. rating: 4 1/2 stars of five.
B000009QPE|5.0|When I think of 'Reign in Blood' the one word that comes to mind besides phenomenal, is FAST! There isn't a slow point on this whole album! This is obviously Slayer's best album, and it features the classic &quot;Slaytanic Four&quot;- Tom, Kerry, Jeff, and Dave. Dave Lombardo has to be one of the  best drummers ever. Let's get to the music. &quot;Angel of Death&quot;  starts everything off with pure fury, and this is my favorite song on the  album and one of my favorite songs ever. &quot;Necrophobic&quot; is  probably the fastest song I have ever heard, and EVERYTHING about it is  super-fast, even the screaming. It is hard to imagine how Tom Araya belts  out those gorey lyrics so fast! Next comes the furious &quot;Altar of  Sacrifice&quot; and &quot;Jesus Saves.&quot; Those songs sure hit the spot.  &quot;Reborn&quot;, &quot;Epidemic&quot;,&quot;Postmortem&quot;, and  &quot;Raining Blood&quot; all kick some serious ass! This has to be the  most intense thrash album ever. Buy it-NOW! I would give it 50 stars if I  could.
B000002572|5.0|Few bands then or now can match this album in sheer originality, and the few that do have had way more exposure from the media, which was well deserved, but I always thought that Boston never truly received the  recognition they desereved.Great vocals, awesome guitar wizardry.From  &quot;1976&quot; to &quot;2000&quot; this album may still be waiting for  people to catch up!
B00000JJCZ|5.0|I HAVE BEEN A ROCK N' ROLL FAN SINCE THE MIDDLE OF THE FIFTIES. I GUESS BY SOME STANDARDS, IT MAKES ME AN OLD MAN. IT ALSO MEANS THAT I HAVE LISTENED TO AN AWFUL LOT OF MUSIC IN MY LIFE!  MUSIC WENT OUT OF CONTROL FOR A  WHILE AND I GOT AWAY FROM THE &quot;CHAFF&quot;, BUT!  I BOUGHT  SANTANA'S NEW MUSIC AND I WAS &quot;RESURRECTED&quot;. THIS HAS TO BEEN ONE  OF THE FINEST CD'S I'VE EVER LISTENED TO. CARLOS IS ALSO SO UNSELFISH. ALL  THE DIFFERENT VOICES MAKE THIS CD VERY COMPELLING. I LIKE NOTHING BETTER  THAN TO PUT THE MUSIC ON, ROLL DOWN THE WINDOWS AND SWAY TO  &quot;MARIA,MARIA&quot; AND &quot;SMOOTH&quot;. I HOPE HE CAN TOP THIS  MUSIC, THIS IS MUSIC THE WAY IT WAS INTENDED TO BE. HAIL TO SANTANA, HE'S  SAVING THE MUSIC WORLD! <br />&quot;SCOTT&quot;
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams, long-time composer and most notably for Steven Spielberg and Star Wars creator George Lucas, has taken his talents to another high in the scoring of The Phantom Menace.  Williams, in his legendary musical genius has beautifully sculpted the score to play seemlessly with George  Lucas' stunning vision.  Since Lucas stresses that his movies could easily  be viewed without dialogue and sound effects, it makes the score all that  more important.  And Williams has done a spectacular job on all four  outings.  <br />Williams takes basic elements from his original trilogy score  and blends them gorgeously with his new elements.  Though few and far  between, these remaining elements help to bridge the obvious (and remaining  for a few more years) gap between the first and fourth episodes in the Star  Wars saga.  He magically incorporates the force theme, as well as  &quot;hiding&quot; the Imperial March in Anakin's Theme.  A few significant  bars of the menacing March are fantastically blended into the &quot;young  and innocent&quot; theme of the young Skywalker.<br />Quite possibly the  greatest achievement on this project, however, is the song &quot;Duel of  the Fates.&quot; He has taken a hauntingly and grandiose piece and given it  a sharp edge that brilliantly illustrates the movie's turn.  In addition  his playing with the driving vocals and timpani make it all the more  exciting.
B00003CXAY|5.0|That should do it. Were there enough exclamation points in that? Realy, five stars is not enough for this film. Many people have reviewed it giving it as many stars as I have. The only reason I am doing so is to make a bigger positive impression so they might release it soon. If you have not  seen this on any kind of a screen, big or small then you have not seen one  of the finest works of art that exist. Please do your brain a favore and  see it, if you can.
B00000K2SC|1.0|As I watched this movie the one thing that kept tugging at the back of my mind was, &quot;What happened to the great art of film making?&quot;  The makers of this film obviously thought it would be fun to throw some  &quot;spectacular&quot; (which basically means that they could have used  some heavy improvement) special effects in with a ridiculous plot and hope  to draw a crowd.  They got their wish but the movie lacks so much.  <br />The  plot is far too complicated and though, perhaps easy to understand, go  nowhere.  There are too many things going on at once, and the FX simply get  in the way of the action.  They distract from what seems to be the main  point of the movie.  On top of everything else, the casting was done very  irresponsibly.  Keanu Reeves is incredibly hard to take seriously ever  since his fantastic outings as Ted in the Bill and Ted movies.  He's not an  action star; he can't get away with it.
6305537313|5.0|I have seen many romantic comedies, but &quot;Breakfast at Tiffany's&quot;  is -- by no stretch of doubt -- my all-time favorite. The chemistry between  Audrey Hepburn (one of my favorite actresses) and George Peppard is one of  the best I have ever seen.<br />Whenever I'm in the mood for a classic, I  curl up in bed and watch &quot;Breakfast at Tiffany's.&quot; It just  doesn't get any better than that!
B00004S6GL|5.0|Oh, so okay, the millenium is only 4 months old.  But still, this is an utterly fantastic album from start to finish.  I may regret giving it 5 stars just because i prefer the more stripped down XO, but I think these songs are too wonderful for me to give it anything less.  They're all so  good that they don't even stand out.  My personal faves though are Son Of  Sam, LA, In The Lost And Found, Happiness and Smith's best song to date  (high praise), Wouldn't Mama Be Proud.  I know you may have different  faves, but these are mine.  All I can guarantee is that if you give it a  few spins, you'll love it.  This may be the best album of the millenium for  a good while longer, at least until the new Radiohead CD comes out.
B000002H2H|5.0|After an amazing CD like Kill Em All I did not expect the next one to be so great!<br />All the tracks lyrically are amazing, and the constant shifts in tempo &amp; classical to electric guitar gave this CD an atmosphere of impending doom that I have never seen since.<br />An essential CD for all rock  fans.
B000002H4Q|5.0|i recently got in The Cure over the summer and i have been caught up in them ever since.  so, i have been collecting random Cure albums, and a friend lent me this one.  my fav being Disintigration, i avoided Kiss me  because i wanted another brooding album.  what a surprise.  this album is  just as good as Disintigration, leaving you feeling satisfied rather than  hopelessly depressed.  the first song grabs you and holds on till the end,  while tracks like just like heaven send you soaring.  a definite must have  for the starting cure fan.
B000002H33|5.0|Sadly, Master Of Puppets is the last Metallica release with Cliff Burton.<br />After experimenting with tempo changes and classical guitars in Ride The Lightning, Puppets continues on the same path.  <br />The songs are  as great as ever, with Disposable Heroes being my all time Metallica  favorite.
B000003AEB|5.0|This is Snoop's best work yet. This cd is what, 6 years oldnow. But it's still bumpin. I love &quot;What's My Name?&quot; cuzit's a great song for groovin' and &quot;Gin&amp;Juice&quot;. &quot;What's My Name&quot; has the same back ground beat that's heard on Dr. Dre's &quot;Dre Day&quot; and Snoop's &quot;G-Funk intro&quot;. Other great songs on here are &quot;Doggy Dogg World&quot; which is kind of smooth, &quot;For All My B-----z and My N-----z&quot; has a good beat to it, &quot;Lodi Dodi&quot; which an updated version of Slick Rick's &quot;La Di Da Di&quot; but with more of a westcoast flava, &quot;Serial Killa&quot; and when Snoop rhymes about getting shot and whitnessing near death experience on &quot;Murder Was The Case&quot;. Also, Daz and Dre diss Eazy-E on the &quot;Lodi Dodi intro&quot; were Dre says &quot;Yo Eazy comes, Eazy goes&quot; than his 9mm pops. This album was released during the G-Funk era. Now it's the wack era.  I sure miss those days when Gangsta Rap was hard, angry, bad a-- beats, and violent. If you love that real gangsta s--t, than this is the one to get.  so GO BY THIS ALBUM!  END
0451526384|4.0|Right before this book was &quot;assigned&quot; to our book club, I had read another &quot;classic&quot; so was a little disappointed because I was hoping to read a more modern book.<br />I was in for a surprise.  This book was incredibly modern and Jane Austen tackles so many issues that are  present today.  It's amazing how the heroine of this novel is disappointed  with her friends, relatives and acquaintences for things that were  completely acceptable (and normal) when the book was written but wouldn't  be so today.<br />Despite its date of publication, this is truly a  contemporary novel!
015650300X|5.0|How true to life Le Petit Prince is!  We read it in class, and I must say it is the most wonderful book I've ever read as part of any curriculum, one of the very few which haven't exasperated me to death.<br />It really is such a joy to read it in its original, French version--the English translations  we looked at got a bit clunky, language-wise, at times--there really is no  substitute for reading the exact words Saint-Exupery put down.<br />Read it!  Be enlightened about &quot;le drame de baobabs,&quot; les grandes  personnes, and all this lovely stuff...
0451191153|4.0|Even if you are intimidated by &quot;classics&quot; (or the size of this book), you will love this book.  It's very interesting, very insightful and very modern.  Pick it up.  You will be glad you did.
0060282983|5.0|I remember when I was in the fourth grade, my teacher would read to us when we would come in from recess.  She would read us chapter books.  One of the books that she read to us was Charlotte's Web.  I loved that book in the fourth grade.  So, imagine my excitement when my children's lit  teacher(in college) told the class that one of the books we were going to  discuss would be Charlotte's Web.  It was a great pleasure to read this  book again.  I feel the same about it now as I did in the fourth grade.  I  think the thing that pulls you in is that Wilbur is the &quot;runt&quot;  and you just can't help but fall head over heels for the little guy.  This  is the kind of book that you don't want to put down.  I really felt like I  was right there on the farm with the family.  I would recommend this book  for ages 10 and up, just to some difficult language.  I only wish you good  experiences with Charlotte's Web.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Galaxy Quest is every thing the Trek movies should have been, but with notable exceptions(2 and 4) weren't. There is a sense of the possible in this film that makes you want to believe that this is &quot;our&quot;  universe and that something truely wonderful has happened. The cast does a  fine job both as their &quot;off-camera&quot; personas and as their show  roles. The effects by Stan Winston make you realize, just how cheap  Paramount has been with the FX budget for the &quot;real&quot; Trek films.  And the story allows the Characters to actually accomplish something, to  acheive rather than hypothesize and whine for two hours. I just wish the GQ  TV series was still in reruns...
6304806426|4.0|Picture and sound quality of this DVD are very good. The music comes across very well, clearly and is mixed to the right levels. The sandstorm is particulary effective for rear surrounds.<br />The picture quality is sharp  and there are no noticeable motion artefacts. <br />As for the film, it's one  of those perfectly crafted romantic stories with real punch. The first time  I saw it I thought it could have ended slightly earlier but the second time  around I thought it could have easily been longer and explored the  characters even more.<br />Overall, well worth having in a DVD collection.
B00002DEQQ|4.0|Tom Jones' willingness to adapt himself current music trend make him one of the most enduring performer of all time. In this case, he and current Brit Pop stars rework on 70's and 80's hits. It has wild range of style  such as funky (Burning Down The House and Mama told me not to come),  ambiet(Motherless child, Allmine), soul(Sometime We Cry).. His powering  vocals is very excellent..However this album can be better if some of the  artists are up to Tom's standard.
B00000J6AG|5.0|this is the best cd of this year and possibly the next 100 years....Moby is in a class all his own
0552124753|3.0|I'm giving this, the first book in Pratchett's Discworld series 3 stars, but it doesn't really deserve it.  It has it's moments, with giggles through out, but it moves with no sense of pace, and ends so abruptly that  readers are left with the notion that they're being conned into reading the  second book.  The characters come and go with only three being truly  memorable.  Two are the lead characters - the cowardly wizard Rincewind and  the niave tourist.  Both are interesting and well drawn.  The third is  Death, who shows up and tries to periodically convince Rincewind to die.   These three make up for the uninteresting supports who crop up, make bad  puns, and then thankfully die in amusing ways.  Terry tries to inject black  humor, but the setting is just too cutesy for the murder and mayhem that he  likes to throw in.  But at least he tries hard (too hard one might be  tempted to say,) and that is why he gets 3 stars.
B000006FNX|5.0|Great movie!  Connery does justice over Moore and Lazenby one last time.  His melange of seriousness and comedy make him a classic.  Love the 80s soundtrack too.  Whatever happened to it?<br />Fallbacks are that this movie  is currently not in print.  Will there ever be a re-release on DVD-VHS?   Buy the old VHS copies now!  You may &quot;never&quot; see it again!
B00000J7J4|4.0|On this CD, Carlos Santana invites stars Rob Thomas, Dave Matthews, Everlast, Lauren Hill and Cee-Lo as well as Eagle-Eye Cherry to play with his band. In addition, guitar legend Eric Clapton joins the band on the  track &quot;The Calling&quot; for the first time that I've ever heard.  Every song is a perfect example of why he is one of the greatest legends in  the music industry. For true Santana fans, this is a must have item. He has  truly captured the feel of today's music scene.
B000002KO3|5.0|Personally, I think this album is theee BOMB, but it's not for everyone. This album is seriously rich with sounds, funk, and concepts that you can't really find anywhere else.  It's full of all kinds of funky african and  weird whiteboy influences, but this album is not to be looked at as an  ethnographer's project.  It's just a synthesis that these musicians arrived  at. It's a heavy and dense album.  Good for dancing to if you don't mind  weird abstract lyrics in your funk. It's got some amazing musicianship in  it, and because in many ways it's way off the map, it's worth a listen by  just about everybody.
0060977493|5.0|Roy lets a cage full of words loose on the streets of India, and they mill together to form an extraordinarily beautiful story.  Her ability to paint with English seems effortless, and astounding.
B000002KO3|5.0|Personally, I think this album is theee BOMB, but it's not for everyone. This album is seriously rich with sounds, funk, and concepts that you can't really find anywhere else.  It's full of all kinds of funky african and  weird whiteboy influences, but this album is not to be looked at as an  ethnographer's project.  It's just a synthesis that these musicians arrived  at. It's a heavy and dense album.  Good for dancing to if you don't mind  weird abstract lyrics in your funk. It's got some amazing musicianship in  it, and because in many ways it's way off the map, it's worth a listen by  just about everybody.
0064400557|4.0|As a child Charlotte's Web was read to me.  I liked it then and I still like it now, although now I have picked up much more meaning.  This touching story of Wilbur the pig not only teaches some important lessons to children (about friendship and love) but it is also a delightful story.  I  could relate to many of the characters because of the distinct  personalities that White gave to each of them.  This classic story should  be read to or by all children of the world.
B000005IS1|5.0|This is a spectacular high energy, crashing band coming from the age of Vietnam and Civil Rights protests.  At the same time in Detroit we had Amboy Dukes (Ted Nugent) , Iggy &amp; the Stooges, Mitch Ryder, Bob Seeger,  Scott Morgan, Mark Farmer/Grand Funk etc.   It was a time of change and  loud music.  And no band epitomized this onslaught better than MC-5.  And  here they are, live at the sacredGrande Ballroom....(and the sound of this  CD is excellent for live in the late 60's)   Stations like WABX  ('underground' FM radio) would late at night sneak in &quot;Kick out the  Jams&quot; with it's obscensely controversial opening call to join the  party.    The song &quot;The Motor City's Burning&quot; refers to the 1968  riots in Detroit when a large portion of the city burned and the National  Guard was called in.  As Tyner writes in the liner notes:  &quot;We were  Punk, before Punk.  We were New Wave before New Wave.  We were Metal,  before Metal.  We were even &quot;M.C.&quot; before Hammer.  ....We were  the electro-mechanical climax of the age, or some sort of cruel counter  culture hoax.  We were considered killer, righteous, high energy dudes who  could pitch a whang dang doodle all night long....People of tomorrow, from  the deep past we salute you!  Thunder in the night forever!&quot;  Pompous,  arrogant, blistering raw.   Enjoy!  This time and music will never come  again.
0451163486|4.0|In the genre of thriller novels, Follet's &quot;The Eye of the Needle&quot; is one of the best.  I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys thriller novels..you will not be disappointed with this one...trust me.
B00003CWN3|5.0|I applaud the actresses, actors, and directors for bringing such a heartfelt story to the screen. The depth in which this movie is delivered strikes to the core of thos who can see beyond the stereotypes and let the  story weave its tale of raw emotion, and vulnderality.  I found myself  captivated by Brandon, and finding myself drawn to the innocence, wanting  to reach in and deliver him from an ending that is all too tragic. If one  can envision a theatre of hundreds, watching the end...the final  moments...the collective deep breath...it was as if a little piece of  &quot;us&quot; went out to Brandon.
1881273156|5.0|I loved this book..I am having my husband read it as well and then we are going to take the test together...Even if you are not having problems in your life it helps you keep a steady pace....Also i liked the added bonus of love lang. for kids..Also helpful....
0790736942|5.0|the best film ever made it has every thing a good movie needs a absoululty scary plot a brilliant screenplay an expert director and brilliant acting.it still scares me and thats after seeing it six times. the only  other films which did this was the haunting (original)and speed 2 (becuase  of its crap plot ect)
B00003CXDU|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time and the best part is, it doesn't rely on sex jokes, the f-word, violence or crude language to be funny.  If you are an SF fan, especially if you've been to a  con, you'll probably laugh more but I would recommend this movie to anyone,  it's just plain fun.
B000023X9W|3.0|When I reviewed Comes A Time (also by Neil Young), I wrote :<br />&quot;This is a very pleasant listen all through. I think &quot;pleasant&quot; is the word because, when all is said and done, hardly any of the tracks are truly memorable - unlike Harvest which, although vastly inferior to Comes A Time  according to critics and so-called &quot;music experts&quot;, at least  boasted 8 or 10 memorable songs... Four Winds provides a beautiful finish  to this very easy-going and even more easily-forgotten album.&quot;<br />Well,  replace &quot;Four Winds&quot; with &quot;Without Rings&quot; and the same  review applies 100% to this album. <br />It's nice, it's certainly not a *bad*  album, it's great background music, it's gentle on the ear (a pleasant  change given Neil's disturbing grunge/noise tendencies of late)... but  let's not kid ourselves : this is most definitely NOT &quot;Vintage&quot;  Neil Young (unless, by &quot;vintage&quot; we mean &quot;knocking on a  bit&quot;). <br />Obviously, I'm in a minority on this one, as just about  every review posted here is a 5-star one. Well, that's great : if you enjoy  this CD, so much the better. Good for you. Far be it for me to criticise  individual tastes. The beauty of music is its ability to turn people on or  off in a myriad of ways. Which doesn't make the realisation any less  painful for me that Neil, be he rocker, balladeer or experimentalist, no  longer turns me on. <br />In conclusion, looking back on the last 30 years or  so, a) thanks for the great songs, Neil, - it's been a pleasure b) let's  forget the lousy ones - there were plenty of them :) - and c) forgive me  for jumping off the bandwagon for good at this point.<br />PS. My personal  favourite on the album is Distant Camera which, purely by coincidence, even  has a guitar riff (self-)plagiarised from one of the tracks on his greatest  ever album, namely Harvest. Did you spot it !
6303029027|5.0|Forget about what critics say about the 'Godfather' being the best mob film ever... this story beats them all, including 'Goodfellas'. I still don't understand why 'A Bronx Tale' is so underrated. This movie should  have won an Oscar, it's great, it's awesome... and it gives you an  important lesson about love and life... and it's not just blood and  violence like most mob flicks.
B00003ETJQ|1.0|I didn't listen to the other guy and bought it anyways, I just love this movie.  But images suck really bad... I'm not sure if I'll keep it or return it to HMV... Ron Fricke should really do something about that...  Motion International will lose lots of it's credibility with me at least...  DVD is such a great format... it's really a waste!
0679746048|2.0|Borderlines are manipulative, and in this respect Kaysen appears to continue to suffer from her diagnosis. She tried to make me think she was trapped in hostile, prison-like environment when actually she was self-admitted and could have, being over 18, signed herself out any time. I  got the feeling she needed to be crazy, to have the context and structure  the whole experience allowed. College wasn't her thing, so she dabbled in  being crazy for a couple of years. She only left to get when another  instituion, marriage, was offered as an option after all. If I'm wrong and  Kaysen was debilitated by severe illness, then kaysen really downplayed her  illness and symptoms as dramatically as she thrills us with the &quot;loony  bin&quot; details in this book. Sneaky. Very borderline. (I worked on a  psyche ward for over three years, BTW.)
0312853238|5.0|Card really put it all together in this masterpiece of Science Fiction.  This one is a \\"must read\\" for any and all readers of fiction.  Card's prose is lively, his dialogue interesting, and his description pared down in order to quickly bring the reader to a truly remarkable denouement.  The vulnerability and tenacity of the main protagonist, Ender, is truly heart wrenching.  His agonies and triumphs pull the reader through amazing emotional terrain.  Card's political commentary and futuristic ideas are also fascinating.  This book is recommended to intelligent readers everywhere.
0767802519|4.0|Filmmaker:Luc Besson is very stylish writer &amp; director also great Camera Work on every film, he has done. <br />My Two Favorite Performances are Jean Reno(Godzilla, Ronin, The Visitors, Mission:Impossible) &amp; Natalie Portman (Star Wars:The Phantom Menace, Heat, Beautiful Girls, Mars Attacks!, Anywhere But Here and Her Recently Film:Where The Heart Is.)<br />Jean Reno is really good in this action/drama. One Of his best Performance as Lon: A man who lives the life from a Professional Hit-Man and he also unhappy. He friends with a Pre-Teen girl named is Mathilda(Extermely Well Played and Her best performance in her film bebut:Natalie Portman). She also un-happy living with her father, stepmother, her half-sister and her very young brother are Killed by DEA Cop because of a drug problem. The lead Corrupt DEA Cop Named Norman Stansfield(In a Bizarre, Scenery Performance by Gary Oldman). The only thing, she has left is Lon. He saved her life and become friends but Mathilda becomes in love in with Lon but Lon becomes a father to her.<br />This film has strong and touching moments. This Film also funny moments between Relationship of Lon and Mathilda. Some Intense Action Scenes. There is not any Drama/Action has Heart and Soul. This One Does.<br />There`s also International Version runs about 24 minutes than the U.S. Relase. It`s clear up the Plot Holes and the Realationship between the two is better. Grade:A. Technovision.
B000002WYT|5.0|The Dave Matthews Band is truly an excellent band.  Those of us who are his fans realize that most, if not all, of his work is excellent, but for those of you who are not DMB fanatics like myself, then may I suggest  Crash.<br />Perhaps you have heard the song &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; on the  radio... this is one of the few songs of Dave's that has made it on the  radio.  Don't get me wrong, this is a great song.  But Dave has so much  more to offer.<br />This album, I feel, displays what the DMB is about, and if  you think you might be interested in him, pick up this album and give it a  try.  You won't regret it, I promise.<br />If you like Crash, you'll probably  like Under the Table and Dreaming - another great album by DMB, and if  you're really into Dave, then I suggest Live at Luther College, a  performance by Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds that is truly unforgetable.   <br />But, first I suggest you try Crash.
B000002WPI|5.0|This is the first release from Wu-Tang Clan.  Rza's beats come off as very raw on this album.  The first time I listened to it, I didn't like it very much.  The more I listened to it, the more I liked it.  It's now one of my all time favorites.<br />A little bit different from his more recent stuff and  quite probably a little bit better, especially on BRING DA RUCKUS.  If you  listen to this album and then listen to their more recent stuff, you can  hear the maturation of the lyrics.  As it is, though, this is a very hard  hitting album, a true gem in the rap game.  When this came out, it was a  unique style.  Nowadays, other MCs and DJs have been trying to mimic them,  but still can't touch the sound.  This is a definite must have for any hip  hop fan.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This DVD was so funny.  I never saw this movie in the theater and I was skeptical as to whether or not it would be any good. My friend bought the DVD and we watched it and I must say, it was very much worth the money my friend spent on it.  That is why I gave this movie 5 stars.  Remember to  check out Omega 13 after watching the movie.
B000003TAW|5.0|When Weezer first broke onto the scene with &quot;Undone (The Sweater Song)&quot; and I caught their video on MTV, i was immediately mesmerized. I went to the strangest music store in Portland, OR to get the CD because  it seems like no one initially kept it in stock. Few people knew the impact  it would make on the music industry. I somehow lost my copy of Weezer over  the years. Last month, as I went to buy it for the second time, a smile  graced my face as I noticed a sticker on it that said &quot;The Nice  Price&quot;. This is the same sticker that gets put on albums like The  Who's &quot;Who's Next&quot; and &quot;Simon &amp; Garfunkel's Greatest  Hits&quot;. To see this on an album that came out during my time (only six  years ago!) really says something about the quality of the music you'll  find here. And Weezer isn't just for geeky kids; they proved that when  &quot;Buddy Holly&quot; and its hit video earned acclaim from all  ages--young and old. Chalk this one up as one of the best of the 90's. And  look for their new album possibly by the end of 2000. =w=
B000002U8G|5.0|This is tom anderson, writing another amazon.com review.  Another Pink Floyd review.  Meddle is a brilliant album.  It is one of the Floyd's older albums but it has gotten away from Syd Barrett's style.  If you dig the  Waters-Gilmour era, this is for you.  Pink Floyd screws around and plays  whatever they feel like on this album.  It's what has always attracted them  to me.  Pink Floyd plays what they want to play.  That's why Meddle, Dark  Side of the Moon, Wish You Were Here, Animals, and The Wall are my favorite  albums and the ultimate Floyd collection.  Meddle doesn't have the lyrics I  dig as much as much as Animals and The Wall but they're good.  The  synthesizer is great.  I can never get enough of One of These Days and  Echoes.  I find that strange.  I used to hate long songs but now some of my  favorite songs by Pink Floyd are long. (Echoes, Shine on You Crazy Diamond,  Dogs, Pigs, and Sheep).  I urge you to get this album.  Like Dogs, on  Echoes I always skip back and listen to the last two stanzas.  Echoes is  hypnotic and to be enjoyed. Buy this album.  Trust me.
B000002H2H|5.0|While I'm not one of these fanatics who feels that Metallica have sold out (though their handling of the Napster case has disappointed me greatly), I think &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; may very well be their best pre-Justice album.  Lightning shows the evolution in ability and style from  &quot;Kill 'em All&quot; that has kept Metallica alive all these  years.<br />&quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; is the punishing opening track  that rocks with the brutal riffing that James and Kirk are now famous for.  This album has some of my favorite Metallica tracks of all time, including  &quot;Creeping Death&quot;, &quot;Fade to Black&quot;, &quot;For Whom the  Bell Tolls&quot; and the underrated &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot;.<br />This  album is not a major evolution in Metallica's long history, but it displays  all of the original band members when they solidified their speed-metal  sound and began to add variety.  This is a MUST-HAVE for anyone who likes  Metallica on the strength of &quot;Load&quot; and  &quot;S&amp;M&quot;.<br />Get it now.
B00000DHRZ|4.0|This is an album of pretty good songs interspersed with three or four really good songs.  offspring's unique sound makes them stand out from the rest of the alternative rock crowd.  Their albums have gotten progressively  better.  Hardcore fans might say they've gone mainstream, but what IS  mainstream these days?  The sometimes comedic lyrics remind me a bit of  some of Weird Al's original work, such as SHE DOESN'T LOVE ME ANYMORE and  ONE MORE MINUTE.  This was a very entertaining album with some great songs.   A must have!
0140288503|5.0|This is THE definitive modern infantry warefare book.  I spent some time as a Ranger in the 1/75th and a year in the Persian Gulf with 24th Infantry Division during Desert Storm. I can tell you that this is the best book I've found on Delta or the Ranger Battalion.  This should be required  reading for anyone about to volunteer for service in the Rangers or any  other Special Ops unit.  It amazes me that the author has no military  background.  I would hope that our countries future leaders would put this  on their short list of required reading.
B000002JSP|5.0|What a last album the way the band diversified and matured. Zeppelin had a dark side throughout their career sadly it caught up with them with that said. In Through The Out Door is a great album I get sick when I hear  comments like they were a heavy metal band, Im sure those people didnt hear  Your Time is Gonna Come, Thank You,Tangerine,Hey Hey What can I Do,Going to  Califorina,Over the Hills and Far Away,Down by The Seaside,Tea for One and  All of My Love these songs each from a different album set them miles apart  from that pack. All of the songs on the album are good and 4 are great it  is up to the listener to decide which ones they choose. With the exception  of Plant screaming a little to often in previous albums he finally arrived  with his singing on In Through the Out Door. One can only wonder what the  band could've accomplished with Plant maturing as a singer just listening  to his solo work bears that out. Buy it enjoy it.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|Movies that are billed as the big summer releases usually aren't 5 star movies, but it should be better than this.  I admit, there were a few  good one-liners, and the special effects were top-rate, but there was absolutely no sense of direction in the meager story line there was.  Will Smith did  the best he could with the part, but you would expect more from such names  as Kline and Branaugh.  The plot was practically non-existant, only a  meager idea shone through.  This movie resembled nothing of the t.v.  series.  Wild Wild West was more of James Bond meets Gone with the Wind.   The theme song was catchy, and the graphics superb, but they weren't enough  to save the movie alone.
B000001ES9|5.0|THIS IS THE FIRST RUSH CD.THEY STARTED OUT WITH  DRUMMER JOHN RUTSEY FOR THE FIRST CD,WITH THE SECOND HE WAS REPLACED BY NEIL PEART.MAKE NO MISTAKE ABOUT IT,THIS FIRST CD WAS PURE METAL.EVEN THE ORIGINAL LINER NOTES SAY FOR  BEST RESULT PLAY AT MAXIUMUM VOLUME.THIS CD ROCKS HARD AND HAS THE SONG  WORKING MAN ON IT,WHICH WAS ONE OF THERE BEST ROCKER`S OF ALL TIME.THIS IS  A MUST FOR RUSH FANS OF THE EARLY DAYS.IF YOU LIKE THE CURRENT RUSH,THIS  MIGHT BE ALITTLE TO MUCH FOR YOU.THIS WOULD BE A GOOD PLACE TO START IF YOU  JUST WANT A CD THAT JUST ROCKS HARD,WITH NONE OF THE DEEP LYRICS OF SOME OF  THERE LATER STUFF.GREAT CD.
6305807086|3.0|Being John Malkovich is a wonderful movie, and in my opinion justly deserved the &quot;Best Movie of 99&quot; from Roger Ebert, so the second it came out on DVD I picked it up.  While the movie is still great, I have  problems with this DVD version.  Firstly, the 16x9 Widescreen presentation  doesn't show up on DVD-Roms (sorry college students).  Secondly, the  special feature &quot;An Interview with Spike Jonze&quot; was so borderline  confusing that it makes you wonder whether or not to laugh at Jonze  vomitting in the street.  Basically, a great movie, but they could have  done MUCH better on the presentation and special features.
B000001GQU|5.0|The DG label has well gathered this recording together with the great recordings of the century in &quot;The original&quot; series. Nothing more correct than this: why? Because the musical quality still remains alive,for  the terrific intensity and passion that spreads through the great climaxes  of the work, besides the stylish singing (unforgetable girlish stader,  secure radev,refined  borg and tenor)and conducting (fast but not forced  tempi), makes this recording, for me, one of the best choices. The fast  tempi I have mentioned is not a detail,because it lets the work come in 1  CD (which is not common, infortunately)and proves how wrongly other  conductors concieve this work and how &quot;original&quot; Fricsay  behaves.(It is interesting that John Eliot Gardiner, one of the champions  of the present &quot;historicist&quot; fashion -that favours fast tempi-  achieves a 10 minutes longer recording). The recording dates from 1954 in  Jesus Christ Church in Berlin, and you can realize how the recording  respects the different acoustic layers (eg the trumpets in &quot;Tuba  Mirum&quot;). However,the definition is not always good (is a 1954' ! )and  so in the climaxes you can appreciate the passion, not the details.
6305807086|4.0|I love a good movie, and this one was great.  But if there's something I don't quite understand in a movie, it really bugs me.  I have a few questions about this movie, and I'm hoping someone can help me out. <br />1.  Is the portal in the office building the same one that Captain..Whatever  His Name Was found 90 years ago?<br />2.  So let me see if I've got this  right: if you enter the portal in the pupal stage, you get stuck forever in  the body, if you enter the portal in the larval stage, you get kicked out  after 15 minutes, and if you enter the portal in the ripe stage (is it  always on the 44th birthday?), you stay in the body for good?  <br />3. What  determines who the portal will go to next?  And is it always the same  portal (the one in the building?)And is it just coincidence that the  daughter is the next person the portal leads to or am I missing something?   Is it because she's Malkovich's daugter?  And what determined that the  portal led to John Malkovich for that matter?  <br />4.  So Dr. Lester started  out as that Captain, jumped to Lester, and then to Malkovich, and that's  why he says he's 105 years old?  Or is Lester really 105 years old because  of the carrot juice?  <br />Maybe I'm thinking too hard here, but I know there  are answers to these questions, and, like I said, it's driving me crazy.   It keeps me from fully enjoying the movie.  Help me out, people! E-mail me  with some answers at:  rosebrockp@hotmail.com Thanks!
0783242808|5.0|What a brilliant movie!  One of my fave movies ever. It is extremely funny and has a great story and cast. American pie tackled what most movies were too scared to. They pushed it to the limits and thrilled us along the  way.  All I can say is three words...BUY THIS MOVIE!
B000002H33|5.0|THIS IS JUST WHAT I SAID ON THE TITLE.A CLASSIC.THIS CD DOESN`T JUST ROCK,IT HITS YOU OVER THE HEAD LIKE A SLEDGEHAMMER.FROM THE FIRST SONG BATTERY TO THE EIGHT MIN PLUS DISPOSABLE HEROES.I LOVE THIS CD.IT WAS JUST  THE THIRD CD THEY PUT OUT BACK WHEN THEY WERE A SPEED METAL BAND.WITH THIS  CD THEY WERE STARTING TO CHANGE THERE STYLE FROM PURE SPEED METAL TO HARD  ROCK WITH SOME VERY HEAVY LYRICS ABOUT WAR AND THE PAIN AND SUFFERING OF  WAR.WHAT MAKES METALLIC SUCH A GREAT BAND IS THAT THEY ARE ALWAYS CHANGEING  THERE MUSIC.THIS IS A SOLID PLACE TO START IF YOU ARE A NEW FAN TO  METALLICA.I`M 42 AND I STILL LOVE TO LISTEN TO THIS CLASSIC.
B000003TAR|5.0|When I first bought this cd back in 1993 I was 12-years-old and I didn't know what the hell Kurt Cobain was talking about.  I remember seeing the video for Heart-Shaped box and I thought that both the song and the video  were cool.  I really didn't get Nirvana back then and the only Nirvana  songs I liked at the time were Smells Like Teen Spirit, Lithium, Come As  You Are , Heart-Shaped Box and All Apologies.  A little after I bought this  cd, my whole music collection and cd player was stolen.  So I was out of  Nirvana for years.  <br />But After a while, I was beginning to miss  alternative music, so I repurchased all of my Nirvana cds.  As I listened  to them, I thought this band was really good.  Then, I bought this cd and I  was blown away!  It completely changed who I was.  Now, I am totally into  Nirvana.  This cd is the best cd in my collection.  I have a hard time  turning this cd off!  All of the songs are great (my personal favorites are  All Apologies, Rape Me, Serve the Servents, oh forget it, I love them all).   This cd has changed the way I look at people, myself, and life.  This cd  is a must for a true Nirvana fan.  It's a shame that Kurt killed himself,  but if you really listen and feel the lyrics of the songs of this album,  you can see why he did it.  <br />Seeing the greatness of this album really  makes me totally regret not really revelling in the Nirvana scene when Kurt  was still alive.  I wish sometimes that I was mature enough to understand  them when they were incredibly huge.  <br />To finish up, I strongly recomend  this album to true Nirvana fans.  Sure, you may like it if you're not  really into Nirvana, but if you really love them, you'll be taken into this  album.  If you're young and you're just barely getting into Nirvana, I  recommend starting off with Nevermind.  Then, if you really like that, you  have to get this one.  Then, you'll forget that you've ever bought  Nevermind.  Moreover, you'll forget that Nirvana was the groupthat wrote  Smells Like Teen Spirit (that song now makes me nautious).
0446604844|4.0|Like earlier reviews, I do agree that Baldacci did go a tad overboard with the physical reactions of characters; however, I think the story line was engaging and just realistic enough to make you question the amount of power bestowed on the Federal Reserve. Well-developed characters and many  thriller &quot;hide-n-seek&quot; scenarios kept my attention. A clever,  fast-paced read.
0767836286|5.0|This is a complex film which intelligently meanders towards a sensational ending in similar tradition to that of the Usual Suspects.  It is one of the best terrorist movies that I have seen.  However, it also deals with  more than this; it exposes, hypothetically, the misinterpretations and  failings in 'justice', and wickedly plays on that old nutshell- &quot;do  you really know who your neighbours are?&quot;  <br />The film is particularly  successful at engaging the audience, as events unfold you will find  yourself almost screaming at the TV; the more you understand the more  confused you become. When realisation suddenly hits you...well i'll leave  you to experience that feeling for yourself.<br />The film is made for those  of you who like to think both during and after a movie, and don't require  (nor desire) a cozy ending to your films.  If a thriller is what you want,  then don't look no further, I guarantee this will impress.
0385495315|5.0|Simon Singh has done a terrific job of making this book insightful for a lay reader as well as to someone who's interested in Mathematics and Cryptography. <br />He traces the history of cryptography and cryptanalysis,  in a very engaging settings, begining from Queen Mary of Scott to the  modern day information security standards and policies.<br />He has presented  the evolution of cryptography, alongside the evolution of mathmatics,  languages and techonolgy innovations, in a very naturally fluent manner  which puts, an essentially mathematical and academic subject, in an  interesting and readable perspective.<br />Singh has also described, in a very  thought provoking manner, the role of WWI and WWII, which played a  significant role in accelerating the developments in this field. <br />Towards  the end, there is a balanced analysis of opposing schools of thoughts, on  the free development and use, versus restricted development and monitored  use to cryptography.<br />A must for everyone determined to play a role in the  emerging information economy.
6304798482|5.0|I haven't seen this movie but from what I have heard, it sounds great. I love scary movies and I heard that this one is scary. I might buy it later this week. Buy it!
B000001GQB|5.0|I once heard someone joke that Boehm probably conducted Mozart better than Mozart conducted Mozart.<br />This gorgeous CD will make that assertion seem plausible. Boehm's tempo is bullseye perfect; the performance being (in my  opinion) the most graceful one available to date. The Berlin Philharmonic  gives a first-rate performance here: these are powerful, precise renditions  of the late symphonies without a single overblown note.<br />This is really  Boehm at his best. You may find recordings that are equally good, but you  will find none that are better.
6305807086|5.0|What more can I say? <br />With &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot;, Spike Jonze delivers a better first-time directing effort than other first-timers have in a long time.  <br />Most of all, this film stands out for its ideas.   Whatever went on inside the mind of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman, the  creativity that emerges in this film is the kind that audiences should get  to see more often on the big screen.  <br />Kaufman's script is one of the  best and most original of the 1990's.<br />&quot;Being John Malkovich&quot;, a  thought-provoking film highlighted by Catherine Keener's fantastic  performance and John Malkovich's delightful self-parody, is destined to  become a cult classic.<br />Take a trip into the portal...
6304083769|4.0|&quot;Ghost in a shell&quot; Begins with a bang.  It begins with an image of a furturistic city. It zooms on a tall lumious building. On the top of the  building is Major Kusanagi, her hair blowing in the cool, night breeze. Major rises from her crouched postion into her full height. She  looks down upon the vast city. As cold as it is, Major removes all her of  her garments, and, gun in hand, leaps off the building. Major activates a  certain device, and becomes invisible. Major lands and materializes at the  window of very important person,(its revealed later). The V.I.P is  currently giving a speech, but Major decides to interup. She fires  multiples shots from her weapon, and the V.I.P wrenches. His upper body  explodes. Major leaps backwards and descends into the vast , furturistic   city, and vanishes.<br /> &quot;Ghost in a shell&quot;, based on the manga  of the same name, revolves around a cyborg named Major Kusanagi. She gave  up most of her once human body parts for robotnic replacemets, but still  looks strikingly human(unlike the manga,in which she cleary resembles a  cyborg). Major completes her missions almost effortlessly, and is  incredably agile. But her a new mission may be her last. The malicous  &quot;Puppet Master&quot; does not kill his victims, but it is just as  worst. Instead, the &quot;Puppet Master&quot; alters its victims  minds,giving their memorys.  &quot;Puppet Master&quot;'s frightening power   causes terror and confusion, but when even Major kusanagi bravely attemps  to stop the &quot;Puppet Master&quot;  she too starts to question her own  self. Are you truly alive if you are a cyborg or a machine? Can you feel  true emotions?<br /> I will start with the following,&quot;Ghost in a  shell&quot; is a thinking man's film, as it is though provoking, and is  fairly complicated.But even if you dont like to think,  This film is worth  seeing in my opinion simply for the visuals. Animation wise, Its one of, if  not the, well animated I have ever seen.  The animation blew me away. The  character designs looks excellent. The good artwork, attractive animation,  spellbounding frame rates(I swear, the character movements look almost  human), and toss in computer graphics and you've got... well...what do you  think? The way they combine Computer Graphics with their artwork is done  flawlessly. I never knew I could get so much enjoyment from watching  someone walk.<br /> The story for &quot;Ghost in Shell&quot; is a good  one, too. The &quot;Puppet Master&quot; has so much power, so powerful that  it pychologicily defeats Major. I do have a complaint, and it is about the  plot. Similar to &quot;Akira&quot; things seem to happen for no reason, and  despite the clever story, It all seems extremly confusing. This didn't  entirely suprise me much though. How good can a plot be if it is based on a  long running Comic book series. Either way, The plot is overly confusing  and seems conpressed. One other problem is the weak character  personalities. There was next to nothing character development, and all of  the characters personalities seemed lifeless. The Drab dubbing didn't help  much either.<br /> I suggest you see this film. Even if you don't like to  think,I guarentee you will like the breathtaking visuals. If you like  intellect in films, don't hesitate. There are worse animes you coulds rent,  plus this one has some cool battles to boot.
B000000H57|5.0|This has to be one of the most amazing goth cd's out there. It combines  Beatles lyrics with Black Sabbath riffs. It shows the stages of a person's  life through Pete Steele's eyes. Now this guy is a true visionary. You  don't know how many times this band has amazed me. There is of course your  love ballad (Love You To Death), Gloom rock (Haunted) and cover song  (Cinnamon Girl). If you like any type of music you'll love this. seriously.  ANY music fan can enjoy Type O Negative.
B00000FYIL|5.0|The score to Shakespeare in Love is incredible! This music lets you feel the drama/comedy of the film. My favorite track is #23, The End. It is beautiful! The film itself is one of my favorites.
B000002LPD|3.0|No. It's impossible a VH album be worse than VH III ! But this one is different. &quot;Judgement Day&quot;, &quot;RIght Now&quot; and others are amazingly good, but there are two or three uninsp&iacute;red fillers.
6305095566|5.0|The evil dead is one of the best films I have ever seen. I is dose not have the sense of humor that the other 2 did, but it is enjoyable non the less. The best thing about The Evil Dead is 2 things. One is the camra  angles. Sam Rami uses the camra to scare you. The best exsample is when he  uses them as an actural demon and is chasing Bruce Campbell. Not for the  weak of heart, but you can,t make movies for everybody. The other great  thing is Bruce Campbell himself. He gives this a frighting performance.
B00000IQBM|5.0|a Great Movie, even though it doesn't follow the book word for word(like so many people have hissy fits over, if its not 100% like the book).  this movie is very chilling.  If you want to see a movie that is nnot a gorfest  but still very very good and well written for screen then this movie is for  you.  Plus there is great acting by the main characters.  and great screen  play
B00004RHZU|5.0|This album has to be the best album I've heard in a long time. I went into listening to this album for &quot;there you go,&quot;but once you get into the album you realize that its not the best song on there and pales to most of the other songs. Even more not only does P!NK have a great voice the  music is good. You never NEVER to skip a song, something you rarely find on  any CD.  Best of all P!NK is original.  She does not sound like anyone else  out there and I hate to admit it cause i love TLC but P!NK's album is 10X  better than their's and P!NK's cd will not be leaving my CD player anytime  soon.  The best songs are 1,2,3,5,8,9,10,11,12, and 13 but all are worth  listening to over and over again.
B000002LEM|2.0|THe opener track &quot;Mine all Mine&quot; is very good, with a great vibe. Then comes &quot;When It's Love&quot;... well, it's a good ballad, be you a fan of ballads or not. Then the rest is strange, weird, irregular, a freak. THe worst Hagar album.
B00000099Y|5.0|When i first heard of TOOL, in 1998, i didnt really know what to think.  I had heard of them for a while, but never really showed any interest, and the only video i saw scared me, but one day i heard them through a friend.   He brought in this CD to work and i sat down on my break and listened to  it, i was amazed at it.  Being a musician myself makes it ever more amazing  to here it, they are such amazing musicians.  When i first bought this cd,  i bought Undertow at the same time, it scared me, maybe b/c i was listenin  to it in my grandma's creepy basement, but soon it hit me that this  recording is maybe the best cd, out of all 300 i have, that i have ever  bought.  It takes you through a journey of emotion from rage to depression  to even a little fear.  I would suggest anyone going to buy this album, b/c  it is amazing.
0790729733|5.0|There is much to be said about this film.  For one thing, it is, in this reviewer's opinion, the best film of the 1990's.  Nearly every frame is loaded with huge amounts of information.  And regardless of what you have heard, with the exception of a few minor changes, it IS accurate  information.  As  director Oliver Stone had said in reponse to the critics  of JFK, a filmmaker must be allowed a certain amount of creative license.   After all, were the best biographical films before and since acclaimed for  their factual truth actually perfect models of accuracy?  Not likely.  So  why the urge to single this one out?  I believe it was because of the  controversial nature of the subject and all of the negativity the Warren  Report has received.  It was, in short, an attempt to discredit all  involved (much like the Warren Commission attempted to do with many of it's  witnesses) including the instigator of the only trial in the assasination  of the 35th president of the United States.  For all the mistakes made  during said trial, Jim Garrison alone stood up to the people and  organizations that tried to keep the truth about that fateful day in 1963  from surfacing.  He and he alone is the most responsible for bringing the  other theories out in the open.  Yes, there had been many books written  that criticized the slipshod way the Warren Commission  &quot;investigated&quot;, but it was the trial of Clay Shaw in the late  60's that brought many of the speculative theories to the main stream  public for the first time.  Despite Garrison's sometimes questionable  methods, no one can deny the man his motive: to bring forth the truth in  what might very well be the crime of the century.<br />Stone is relentless in  HIS quest for the truth, and it's this marriage of director and story that  make the film so remarkable.  In scene after scene  he reinstates  Garrison's vulnerability with the public.<br />But this did not stop Garrison. Nor over twenty years later in  1991 did it even put a dent in the opinions of Oliver Stone.  The director  uses his connection and knowledge of the 60's that was so apparent in many  of his other films-PLATOON, BORN ON THE FOURTH OF JULY and THE DOORS,  particularly-to attempt to tell the absolutely mesmerizing story of the  D.A. of New Orleans' search for the facts.  He holds the viewer with a  series of superbly edited but very quick sequences that really give a DVD  player a workout.  Thank goodness for slow motion.<br />The script wisely and  fittingly tells this story through the eyes of Garrison himself.  You  really feel the persecution he feels as he becomes more and more obsessed  with his search.  When his wife (well played by Sissy Spacek) finally  confronts Garrison with his obsession, your heart is in your throat.  It's  obvious that even with the people he had working for him, the D.A. is  basically a man alone.  In the final monologue, based on Garrison's final  address to the jury, you certainly hope he succeeds. Fortunately, Stone balances the emotions of a family torn  apart, with some stunning scenes based upon the beliefs and findings of  authors such as Garrison himself, Mark Lane, Jim Marrs and David Lifton.   For the first time we have a big budget, well exposed film that combines  all the theories together. <br />The director's cut only further proves Garrison and Stone's  opinions.  The scene in the washroom could make even the most secure person  paranoid.  And the light banter of the talk show host (played by John  Larroquette) while interviewing the District Attorney is more evidence of  how the public and the press treated the trial.<br />The cast is perfect.   Jack Lemmon, Ed Asner, Walter Matthau, Tommy Lee Jones, Kevin Bacon and  Donald Sutherland are all familiar faces here effectively placed in roles  that range from mere guest appearances to full fledged important supporting  roles.  The lesser known actors and actresses also excel, especially Jay O  Sanders, Laurie Metcalf and Michael Rooker as Garrison's assistants.  Gary  Oldman as the doomed Lee Harvey Oswald once again proves his chameleon  abilities as an actor and disappears completely in the role.  Hard to  believe that this is the same actor who was just as convincing as the Count  in BRAM STOKER'S DRACULA and as Sid Vicious in SID AND NANCY, among  others.<br />But it is Kevin Costner's performance as Jim Garrison that always  pulls the film together.  He is very convincing.  It's true that he doesn't  look a thing like the real Jim Garrison.  Fortunately, Costner wisely opted  to use subtle characteristics of Garrison in creating his interpretation of  the man.  The aforementioned final remarks to the jury are not only  believable for what is being said but also for Costner's convincing and  heartfelt delivery.<br />Technically, the film couldn't be better.  The  recreation of the assasination itself, is absolutely perfect, right down to  the little girl that waved as she ran along the side of the President's  limousine just before the shots were fired.  The cinematography works well  with the Oscar winning editing, to hold the audience in the palm of it's  hand.  The atmosphere of New Orleans is beautifully felt.  John Williams  music score is another example of how the composer captures the very mood  of every film he scores.  The beautiful trumpet fanfare he composed for JFK  easily matches  anything from JAWS, STAR WARS, SUPERMAN: THE MOVIE,  E.T.-THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL, CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, SCHINDLER'S  LIST or the Indiana Jones movies.      <br />After many viewings of this film,  I can honestly say that if I would choose to sit and watch it again today,  I would still catch something I hadn't caught before.  What better reason  for owning a copy of JFK (The Director's Cut)?  It must be viewed in it's  widescreen edition.  Watching in a flat or &quot;full-screen&quot; format  doesn't do justice to the abundance of information it revels.  And the  dedication to the youth and their search for truth assures that it should  be handed down from generation to generation so that perhaps one day we  will know the whole truth.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|If you bought this cd expecting it to be exactly the same as their previous album, you will be sorely dissapointed.  Darren wrote the lyrics to Savage Garden's self-title album more like poetry and less out of  expeirence.  Affirmation is all out of personal experience.  I heard that  straight from Darren himself, at an interview I heard.      The song is more  emotional.  You can feel what he felt by listening to the song.  The emotion  sort of envelopes you.  It is really awesome.      The songs that have  definate emotion are I Knew I Loved You, The Best Thing, Crash And Burn, Two  Beds and A Coffe Machine, You can Be free, Gunning Down Romance and I Don't  Know you anymore.  Just reading the titles tells you that it is going to be  a profound song.  I like other songs.      I also like The Animal Song, even  though most critics don't.  It is a cool atmospheric song.      This cd is  great!
B000002MUQ|3.0|Maybe the reason was an already developing internal conflict between Hagar and the band, I dont know, but the result in this album was less than satisfactory... The songs are a little bit overlong, a little bit boring  and screaming.
0517122707|5.0|This was quite possibly the funniest book I have ever read.  It was shaped around the star role of Ignatius, but carried a slew of characters who had me bursting with laughter.  It is a shame Toole did not stick around a bit  longer to grace the literary world with the skill we are so desperately in  need of.
B00000J6AG|5.0|If you like your music to sound all the same, this is *not* the album for you.  Moby's &quot;Play&quot; is a very eclectic mix of styles from soulful to rock that does not apologize for its eccentricities.  I had heard  &quot;Bodyrock&quot; on the radio and did not think much of it, until I  heard it in concert with the rest of the album.  This is definitely an  album which demands several replays in its entirety.  It demands to be a  favorite rather than just picking out the special songs.  The only thing I  missed with this album is that the words were not included.  If you really  like music of many varieties rather than just one, BUY THIS ALBUM!
B000002KB8|3.0|I'm being honest: BLACK SABBATH, JUDAS PRIEST and DEEP PURPLE (in this order) are the real fathers of all the metal scenario whe have today and since the mid-70's. It's not LED. But this debut by Sabbath is clearly  overrated by fans. The technical possibilities of that time did'nt permit a  good producing job, and the resulta is that the  songs doesn't envolve you  nowadays. It's totally out of time, contraty to other SABBATH albuns like  &quot;VOLUME FOUR&quot; and &quot;SABBATH BLOODY SABBATH&quot;. IT has, of  course, a historic valor as the debut of the great Birmingham band, who  showed the world one of the greatest rock stars of all times. Mr. Ozzy.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I went to see Fight Club in the Theatre only because I had two hours to kill. The advertising didn't appeal to me at all. By watching the trailers, I thought the movie was repulsive. The only descent part seemed to be the  score. Irony is good. This movie proved to be unbelievably excellent. This  was Brad Pitt's Edward Norton's best performance ever. David Fincher has  never been so perfect. It became an obsession. I read the book, bought the  poster, read the websites, and took up smoking. Ever since the day I saw  Fight Club, I have lived and breathed Tyler Durden. I even induced insomnia  on myself. This film is much more than that. It is an asylum from the world  built inside parameters. It is a two and a half hour adrenaline rush for  your mind.
B000002L99|4.0|Increasing his experiments with keyboards already begun in &quot;1984&quot;, Van Halen promoted this debut with singer Hagar making full use of keyboards. The only reason I can't give it 5-stars is the  inclusion of the horrible, lousy and ridiculous song &quot;Inside&quot;,  which couldn't be in the same package as &quot;Dreams&quot;, the tittle  track, &quot;Best of Both Worlds&quot;. THis is the best-selling record by  VH until now.
B000002LGQ|2.0|The Title Cut is one of her Best Songs ever.Like in Her top 3 songs Shes ever done.but the Album is Hit&amp;Miss.Express Yourself i sone of The Most Over-Rated songs Ever.Love Song With Prince does Nothing for Neither of  them.Keep it together is alright.The Title Cut though alone is a 4 1/2  alone.the rest of the Album is a One.She maintains her Trademark Sound but  The Album Never Rises Again to the CHallenge of The Title Cut.
B000002KE2|4.0|This is very good. It has the kind of atmosphere that marked SABBATH forever.
B000002U8U|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the very best rock &amp; roll albums I have  ever heard. I remember owning this on 8-track. It was made for cruisin'  down the highway with the windows open (or better yet, the top down), with  the volume cranked up, if for no other reason than to drowned yourself out,  because you are going to be singing along at the top of your lungs. It is  better than a stiff cup of coffee for a pick me up if you are feeling a  little drowsy while driving! It is a real injustice that two previous  reviews, both by the same &quot;Jason Ross&quot;, give this album 2 stars  on one &amp; 1 star on the other, only to find out doesn't even own this  album and hasn't even heard a lot of the songs on the album, that he is  going by the songs from it that appear on the greatest hits album he does  owns! What kind of knuckle-head reviews an album he only knows a couple of  songs from? Needless to say, his reviews should be removed.
B00003CXDU|4.0|I don't deny the fact that the entire concept of the movie is like nothing we have ever seen or heard of before.  Since there is a staggering amount of Star Trek fanatics who actually DO go to many conventions dressed up as  their favourite characters and sometimes even live their lives by the words  dreamed up by Gene Roddenberry et al, the premise of this movie doesn't  really go that far off the mark.  <br />Can you imagine what William Shatner  would be like if it were to have happened to him?  Leonard Nimoy would  probably be calling for his mommy.  Frankly, you could have a field day  poking as much fun as you like here.<br />As far as the movie goes, it moves  along very well.  It's well written, the special effects are quite nice,  and it's overall quite fantastic and believable.  I particularily liked the  fact that the 'aliens' were not actually humanoid form (as almost all of  them are in almost every Star Trek episode) but rather had 'image  projectors' or something of the sort.  It was smart, I must admit.  'Smart'  it probably a good to describe this movie.  It does a wonderful job at  finding humor in television series, and if you look closely, there are  little nuances which when you pick out, make you think to yourself  'wow...they've done their homework...look how that alien is walking'.  The  movie's wit, however is something more akin to 'simple'.  I am not saying  that simplicity is bad, but with some of the reviews that I was reading  about this movie, people were making this flick out to be something  absolutely out of this world (pun intended).  I am thinking that most of  those five-star ratings must have been written by many Star Trek fans who  just could not stop laughing at themselves and their manias.  <br />Overall,  this movie is WELL done, and I don't want to deter anyone from either  renting or buying it.  Yet, I find that it didn't have me losing control of  my bodily functions due to laugher (e.g.: Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, The  Party, Austin Powers 1 -- even though it is extremely silly).  I recommend  this movie to anyone who is interested in a good chuckle, but if you are  the type of person who would rather spend time watching witty, clever and  more intricate humour, then don't expect to be rolling on the floor  laughing to the point where you have to rewind the tape.  By all means, you  WILL be entertained.  I was laughing with this movie, but I think that the  majority of people who rated it hyped it up too much for me.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby's latest album touches on many genres of music, and it sounds fantasctic. Instantly recognisable tunes hit you, and no wonder companies are queueing up to have his music play on their adverts. One of the best things about play is the number of songs on the album, a massive 18! It is  guarenteed that everyone will like most of the tunes, because of the  contrast in styles. If you buy one album this year, MAKE IT THIS ONE
6304143184|5.0|Steven Spielberg's childhood fantasy reaches so deeply into our collective youth that it becomes real to you.  No wonder it broke box-office records everywhere, and remains one of the most successful films of all time.  This  movie oozes the heart and soul of a man who yearns to have back the wonder  and joy of being a child. All of the performances are winning, from Henry  Thomas' wide-eyed yet melancholy boy, to Dee Wallace Stone's believable  mother, to Drew Barrymore's truly hilarious and adorable Gertie.  John  Williams' music will forever engender the magic of a boy, his bike and his  beloved alien friend cycling past a full moon.  All of the things that  matter the most in life, from family, to home, to growing up, are cherished  in every frame of this wondrous movie.  Share it with your children as soon  as you can.
B00003CX95|5.0|This is by far one of the top 10 movies of all time.  Historical inaccuracies?  Forget about it.  If you want a history lesson go to the library.  If you want a fantastic movie go to your video store and pick  this up.  Better yet, buy it here and watch it over and over and over...   Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Before we go on with the story, lets get one thing out of the way, \\"Yes, this is the longest album title in the world, from what has got to be the worst victim of perennial PMS\\". <br />Fiona Apple (original surname - Maggart)  is under much pressure. And most of it is internal stuff. There are demons,  memories, violations and hurt that fly around inside her making her  vulnerable and strong. Her first album `Tidal' was a thing of sheer beauty.  Stark and desolate, hateful and introspective, revengeful and uplifting,  the album was reminiscent of a monument to a World War II concentration  camp.<br />Thus, the pressure was on to create another album of the same  beauty yet avoiding the same emotional content. The first thing she did was  to give the album the unmemorable 90-word name. We just call it \\"When the  Pawn\\".  Fiona Apple's sophomore album rose above the challenge. The album  is as brilliant as it is sinister, as dark and mysterious as it is  wonderful. <br />Producer John Brion (Ammie Man, The Wallflowers, Melissa  Etheridge) works his way well past the conversation-stopping title and gets  on with the job. Fiona Apple is in no mood though to apologize for her  image and mistakes, \\"I've acquired quite a taste/For a well-made  mistake&quot;. The music bed is the low-end of the piano, with deep washes  of mechanized strings and cellos. It's a spreadsheet of industrial low-end  sounds with drums provided by Matt Chamberlain (Tori Amos, Macy Gray). She  sings and wails and groans as if she was floating in a foetus while she  sang. The longer you listen to the music, the closer you get to sharing  that feotal space with her. <br />Fiona is far more upbeat on this album. Her  poetry is yet cutting and bitter-tinged. The outstanding tracks are \\"Limp\\",  \\"As Fast As You Can\\" and \\"Paper Bag\\". It's not an album you can put on  while you jog or drive. It works better at night, when you are alone and  desolate inside. It's at that time that a seemingly inaccessible Fiona  fills you from within. <br />Beautiful stuff for one so on-the-edge. So much  promise in here.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|This is one of the worst films I have ever seen.  I saw it at the theater with my wife and at the conclusion she turned to me and said &quot;well THAT was a DUD&quot;.  I was thinking &quot;pile of manure&quot; myself.   The bad things about the movie are as follows:  script, acting, script,  direction, script, &quot;special&quot; effects, script.  Kenneth Branagh  may never live this &quot;performance&quot; down.  This &quot;movie&quot;  recently won the Razzie for worst film of the year and it DESERVED it.   Don't waste your time.
052594527X|5.0|The characters are engaging and likeable, the story interesting. Loved the insight on life in that period. I highly reccommend this book.
0800132343|5.0|&quot;Das Boot&quot; is certainly one of the most exciting, moving and involving films about combat (here in a particularly intense theatre of war) ever made, and also one of the great stories of the sea. Acting,  camerawork, dialogue and direction are all superb. We grow to know the  characters so well and to be at times stomach-churningly involved in their  bleak yet heroic ordeal.In this respect and others it shares some  interesting similarities to &quot;The Wages of Fear&quot;, especially the  ending.  How it was overlooked for any gong at all at the Oscars is  baffling and pitiful. A masterpiece - you have to see it!
B000000OAC|4.0|Picture the scene. It's London, 1976. Everyone's has pink, strategically shaved hair and does the fingers at you. The current chartbuster is a (supposedly) musically inept two-chord band with a nasty, spotty, orange-haired singer who shrieks in a VERY shouty fashion about how the  (real) Queen is part of a Fascist Regime (admittedly, this is probably only  because it rhymes). And then (rock group) Queen, with that self-declared  \\"Persian popinjay\\" of a lead singer, put out a new album. <br />You think,  \\"Hmmm. Is this wise, chaps?\\" Nervously, you sidle out of your local  department store with \\"News of the World\\", and pop it on your turntable. It  is with some surprise that you hear not multi-tracked, twiddly widdly  guitars, Spectorish choral augmentation and un-modish pre-Raphaelite  lyrics, but loud, stomping feet. And a shouty lyric. About having a  fight.<br />There is life in the old dog yet, then. It takes a couple of  listens, but it becomes clear that out of such adversity Queen have  presented their best album for a while - possibly ever. \\"We will rock you\\"  segues into the thoroughly majestic \\"We are the champions\\", surely one of  the greatest bits of rock 'n' roll to have graced a slice of polyvinyl, and  terrific songs, each of a slightly different persuasion - \\"Spread your  wings\\" and \\"All dead, all dead\\" immediately follow. <br />Sure, there are a  couple of divots (no Queen LP would be complete without them), such as  Roger's silly \\"Fight from the inside\\", and you get the impression \\"Sheer  heart attack\\" is louder than it would otherwise have been, thanks to the  influence of Messrs Rotten &amp; Co.<br />But the beginning of this LP and its  end are so tumultuously good as to allow us to forgive Queen everything.  The Latino \\"Who needs you\\" is Freddie at his hysterical best (was it sung  for Sid Vicious, perhaps, who was recording in the next studio, and whom  Freddie gamely greeted as \\"Mr. Ferocious\\"?). \\"It's Late\\" is the Queen epic  to end all epics, where the confluence of their newfound hard edge and  ballsier writing style produces possibly Queen's finest moment in the  studio. And finally there's \\"My Melancholy blues\\", in which the lovelorn  Freddie is at the piano, following one of his wonderful soirees, where once  again his hope for romance has turned into a ghastly mess. The party's  over. You can almost see him picking the tinsel out of his hair. It's  wonderful.<br />Truly consistent Queen Albums are a rare and precious thing.  Count \\"News of the World\\" with \\"A Night at the Opera\\" as possibly the two  best.
B00000J7J4|4.0|When my sixteen year old son requested this for Christmas my response was...&quot;Santana?&quot;  Of course he thought he had discovered a new artist.  We now own this on both cd and cassette so that we can listen to  it anywhere.  It is a favorite for both the teenagers and the mom in our  household!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|Well thousands of people have been waiting for this awesome S&amp;M DVD and I have good news. As a member of the metallica club it is now a fact that the DVD will be released on June 13. So hold your breath!
B000002OX5|5.0|As a longtime fan of the Who, I slowly came to realize that I would occasionally buy some of the greatest hits albums, but none of their actual studio works. After this, I intend to change. Really. Why don't they play  these songs on the radio?  &quot;Rael&quot; is terrific, just the right  length with a cool story that isn't quite as belabored as Tommy,  &quot;Armenia City in the Sky&quot; is really good music to have playing  when your alarm clock goes off. and &quot;Glow Girl&quot; is pretty much  the perfect pop song, short and expressive. So far as I can tell, this is  the best album to come out of 1967 (and that includes &quot;Sgt.  Pepper.&quot;
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna has always had a role in the techno/dance scene, but never so much as in her album &quot;Ray of Light&quot;. Her vocal range is impressive although her words form cliche's that generally fall short of breathtaking  and end up boring the listener. While filled with all the essentials of a  adult album (covering such subjects as motherhood, death of parents, and  religious passages), Madonna still turns such songs as &quot;Ray of  Light&quot; and &quot;Sky fits Heaven&quot; into techno/trance songs. She  adds her own personal experiences in her songs, but almost overdoes it.  Overall, a great CD, Madonna still has room for improvement, and her new  album should be good.
B00000729S|4.0|This album is superb. I was intrigued to learn of its existence and that people in the mid-60s were playing this kind of music (I had a similar reaction to the revelation that Black Sabbath came out with  &quot;Paranoid&quot; in 1970). As the other reviews indicate, this is not  the kind of album for people who like, say, the Lovin' Spoonful. This is  edgy, almost industrial cynical fury from the days just before the Summer  of Love. The Monks scream, they bang, they howl, and that's just on the  first song. Songs like &quot;Complication&quot; just about say it all.  Thirteen of the same kinds of songs almost lead to fatigue, but not quite.
B0000029DD|5.0|Even now, a little under six years since I first bought Grace, I find it so very difficult to express the wonder I feel every time I listen to it.  Since Jeff's death, it has also become a singularly painful and emotional  experience.  Perhaps that's why I only play it every now and then these  days - such is the power of his music, his uncanny ability to write and  sing a song that can hit you right where you are most vulnerable; such is  the tragedy of his death.<br />'Magical' is far too common a word, 'spiritual'  too trite.  Maybe it is sufficient to say that his music has simply become  a part of me; as familiar and precious as a best friend.<br />Others, you will  read, have done an excellent job of describing the individual songs on  Grace, so I won't try to emulate them.  But bear in mind that Grace should  be listened to - experienced - as a whole.  It is a masterpiece of uncommon  beauty, and will remain my favourite album until the day I die.<br />If you  are a fan of Jeff's music, then I'm not telling you anything that you don't  already know, for his music has always inspired passionate response.  If,  however, Jeff's music is an unknown quantity to you, you owe it to yourself  to listen to this album.  Love it or hate it, I promise you that it will be  unlike anything you've ever heard before, and, sadly, unlike anything any  of us will ever hear again.
6300182355|5.0|How can anyone possibly not like this movie? I say this because there are those of my friends that don't. I still don't understand this. My friend, for example, said it was basically a rip-off of STAR WARS. He obviously  didn't realize that STAR WARS was a rip-off of the original FLASH GORDON,  with some pretentious HIDDEN FORTRESS characters and Joseph Campbell  philosophy thrown in (I love Joe, but there's a limit). This movie, of  course, is more cheerful and easy-going than Star Wars. From Flash's  hopeless (or so I thought) pickup lines delivered with the most hilarious  straight face I've ever seen, to the Hawkmen's flying-in- formation  spelling, to every scene Klytus is in... this movie is why prehistoric  human tribes started entertaining each other around the fire in the first  place. More intriguing are those questions that never get answered, leaving  us all to ponder them at odd moments in our lives when we need guidance:  &quot;WHY the New York Jets?&quot;, &quot;Why was the graffiti there when  Barin and Zarkov were chained up in Ming's dungeon?&quot;, &quot;But  really, how crappy IS Arborean security?&quot;, and, of course, &quot;Where  is the 'Galaxy of Pleasure' and how exactly do I get there?&quot; While  this movie answers none of them (except the third), it certainly sets you  on the right path. ROCK ON, FLASH!
014017821X|5.0|Only after reading some of Carter's novels did I take a stab at this particular collection of stories. Of course, I expected her disturbingly-casual blend of fairy tale and contemporary setting, Christian and Pagan lore...and all the blood and gore that go with it. But I was  completely taken by how I--my stomach, really--reacted to some of the  passages in this book: my stomach literally &quot;knotted up&quot; and did  somersaults at some instances (beginning with Carter's description of the  Bluebeard's &quot;bloody chamber,&quot; all the way through her werewolf  sequence). <br />In this collection, you'll find virgins fetishized and  explicitly eroticized by beasts, and distraight daughters in full arms  against their money-hungry fathers...all of this situated on a bloody  canvas of pornographic imagery and poetic language. (If you want worse, by  the way, pick up Bataille or Sade.) <br />&quot;The Bloody Chamber&quot;  continually provokes emotional, intellectual reactions of me, so I'm  convinced it's to be considered a masterpiece. --By far, her most inventive  work.
B00000JMQC|5.0|I just wanted to say that I think this is a much better movie than the first movie.  Why, you ask?  Because it follows the books more closely than the original movie.  For example, the makers of the film paid really close attention to Jack Pumpkinhead's description in the book.  They got his clothes almost exactly right.  I say almost because in the book he isn't  wearing a vest.  Also, the makers of the film altered Tik-Tok  significantly, but they changed him for the better.  In the books,  Tik-Tok's face wasn't very good, but in the movie, he had turqoise eyes, a  handlebar moustache, legs that resembled pistons instead of real legs, and  no mouth.  Tik-Tok's moustache moved when he talked, which made this  version of Tik-Tok a lot more interesting.  Not only that, in the books  Tik-Tok's behavior is almost exactly like that of a machine's.  In the  movie, Tik-Tok was given more human-like qualities, such as his sputtering  as his speech was first wound up, as if Tik-Tok had just woken up.  Also,  when I read Ozma of Oz for the first time, I was shocked at how much it and  Return to Oz were alike.  These are the reasons why I think Return to Oz is  superior to the first movie.
B00003CXDV|4.0|This is a lovely little bit of fluff that spoofs the sci-fi genre in general, and Star Trek specifically.  If you've never watched Star Trek or any of the Star Trek Movies, you'll find it moderately amusing but you'll  be missing a tremendous amount of the humor.  <br />If you watched the old  Star Trek show and/or any of the movies, you'll find if pretty funny.   You'll get some of the jokes, and recognize a few of the characters.<br />If  you've ever gone to a Star Trek convention, you'll get most of the jokes,  recognize almost all of the characters, and probably fall off the sofa  laughing.<br />The one complaint I have with the DVD is that the  &quot;mocumentery&quot; that they created for the Sci-Fi Channel isn't on  there.  I was looking forward to seeing it.  They do have a little button  entitled &quot;Omega 13&quot; that you can't activate until you've watched  the movie - very cute.
B000002N2P|5.0|This punk band just doesn't stop.  This CD, their fourth one so far, exceeds the quality of Dookie and is almost as good as Nimrod.  It's only 32 minutes long, though, but in those 32 mintutes they never stop.  It just  one roaring song after another.  The best ones are &quot;Armatage  Shanks,&quot; &quot;Brat,&quot; &quot;Stuart and the Ave.,&quot; and  &quot;Brain Stew,&quot; which is definitely one of Green Day's best songs.   In fact, here's my list of what I think are Green Day's top five songs.            1. Good Riddance (Nimrod)           2. When I Come Around (Dookie)            3. Brain Stew (Insomniac)           4. Basket Case (Dookie)            5. 2000 Light Years Away (Kerplunk!)
B00003CXDU|5.0|Space the final frontier has another conqueror! The Crew of the Protector. Galaxy Quest, a weekly series on TV (although only make believe to humans)is transmitted to outer space,then becomes the &quot;historical  documents&quot; the alien Thermians rebuild their lives upon. The Thermains  don't understand make believe or TV but they believe with child like belief  in the &quot;historical documents&quot;.  Their beliefs lead the Thermains  to come to earth for the Captian of the Protector to save them from evil  reptiles. The crew is beamed into Space aboard the Protector.  Tim Allen  grows into his role as the Captain and challenges the evil reptiles.  Sigourney Weaver does a great job becoming a character so unexpected from  her normal violent characters.  Having grown up in space this movie became  a favorite.  I really enjoyed watching it. The ending is fabulous.  Watch  to find out!
6302994063|5.0|What a wonderful movie!   I really can't believe that after taping and watching &quot;Joseph&quot; in  '95, I waited 5 years to inquire as to other movies Paul Mercurio was in.  This was a treat not only for my but  for my 3 nieces 8, 11 &amp; 12 that watched it with me.  They are all  clamoring for a copy.  The music, costumes, acting and especially the  dancing were spectacular. The story was great and the flashback too too  funny.  Can't even decide which part I liked best. Too bad Hollywood can't  put out movies of this caliber.
B00003ZKSP|5.0|i, my wife,&amp; some friends saw this band in &quot;vegas&quot; and got instantly hooked.  i don't think i will ever listen to anything else ever again.  they will be playing in hollywood may 12th, and i am there.  if  they come to your town...you have to see them or you are missing out on  thee &quot;BEST&quot;, most intense thing that could ever happen to you.  please do your self a favor and see them...if not buy the c.d. and listen  to the gods of new thrash music
6302804817|5.0|this movie is delightfully pleasent, offbeat,  quirky &amp; entertaining. a must see for all.
6305751706|4.0|This movie certainly isn't for everyone, but if you're a Byron or Shelly enthusiast, or have any interest in Mary Shelly's main inspiration for Frankenstein- you'll love it.
0783216084|5.0|A rare movie indeed, suprassing not only the original novel by Benchly, but also the rocky beginning it suffered.<br />  At first, this tale of a Long Island town terrorized by a great white shark had about as much chance as  making it to the screen as an action thriller starring Barney. <br />  The  floppy, original mechanical shark suffered serious flaws during the  production of the film, resulting in a number of scenes that came out,  well, pathetic. Spielberg and crew feared the movie would wind up campy and  distorted and the areas that were meant to be a character study (the entire  second half of the movie) would be broken apart by a humorously obscure  chunk of floundering rubber meant to resemble a shark.<br />  How did this  movie finally make it to the screen then? How did it turn out so crowd  pleasing and simply terrific? Most credit the great editor Verna Fields  (who passed on not too long ago if I remember, a tragedy) with its  stupendous results, having carefully gone through and scrutinized the movie  for quit sometime, removing every scene that held it back and forcing the  re-shooting of others.<br />  An example of her work can be noticed at one of  the more elaborate attacks, where the shark decides to take a bight out of  Shaw's rickety old ship. In the original takes, too much of the shark came  above water, revealing serious flaws in its design, including tears in the  rubber and bent metals. <br />  Whatever troubles this movie was forced to  undergo (including the studio's initial hatred of it), it finally erupted  onto the big screen, and became an immediate classic. Held up by strong  peformances from Schnieder, Dreyfuss, and an exception Shaw, as well as  clever dialogue and a unique usage of camera angles, Jaws defies its  original horrid pretense and instead blossoms in the American film history.  A rare breed of film is this, one to be collected and admired for years to  come.
B00000DFTH|1.0|Everything here sound fake: the audience, the overdubs made by the band in the studios (mainly to cover Ozzy and Ward limitations). Another wrong move by Tony Iommi, who is destroying the band forever.
6305807086|2.0|I found Being John Malkovich to be something of a let down when I saw it in the theatre. As a fan of John Malkovich and Spike Jones (C'mon, the video he did for Weezer's Buddy Holly was great!) I had good expectation for this movie. While there were a few amusing chuckles and the actors were  all fine, I felt that over all it was lacking. Yes, I get the whole point  about celebrity. But even so, I found it to be both flat and trying too  hard to be cute, instead of simply being clever. All in all, too clever for  its own good.
B000002LUB|1.0|It needs courage to know when to stop. Not stop music, because this is impossible for someone who love it so much as TOny Iommi. But to stop SABBATH while the legend was still strong. TOny Iommi, just he, the father &quot;of the child&quot;, destroyed almost all credibility SABBATH had. He  released e lot of rotten albuns, each one featuring a different line-up,  each one a deception to real fans. He should have stopped after &quot;MOB  RULES&quot;, because the line-up with Dio was the last chance, really. He  says he tried to go as a solo-artist in &quot;SEVENTH STAR&quot;, but the  record companie didnt want that. Be he should have tried to go solo again,  lefting behind forever and uncasthed the saintly name of &quot;BLACK  SABBATH&quot;. THis Dehumanizer is a cheap try to go back to the glory days  of DIo, but it failed miserably, as all other records.
0767802470|5.0|I have watched this 2 1/2 times so far (in 2 days)! You can watch w/the original German (english subs on/off) or dubbed or w/director's &amp; actor's commentary. Also, this has to be the best-dubbed film in history -  mainly because most of the main actors did both the german &amp; english  versions. I have no idea why the sound didn't get a 5 rating, it's just the  best - the attention to detail is amazing. I've been listening with  headphones and you are INSIDE that damn U-boot. This has been called  anti-war but for a much more subtle reason than Platoon or Private Ryan -  sorry you won't see cow-guts exploding across the screen. You get inside  this crew and it turns out they're pretty much just like an American or  British sub crew, just speaking a different language. You find yourself  rooting for the &quot;wrong&quot; side (the germans) - then asking yourself  who's on the &quot;right&quot; side? Watch for the scene where the captain  realises the crew of a British ship which has been burning for hours hasn't  been rescued by any friendlies - he realises the brass on BOTH sides have  no idea what's really going on.
B000002KDO|4.0|Great tunes. My favourite is the less known &quot;After Forever&quot;.
0380977273|5.0|I have to start by saying that I am an avid reader, but it usually takes me about a week to read a novel.  On rare occasions, though, a book hooks me so thoroughly that I drop everything and read it constantly.  This is what happened with Something Wicked... I am not one for heavy, thick,  flowering language in my fiction, but I tolerate it fully with Bradbury.   He never just says plain in simple terms what something is or what  something is doing.  He uses metaphors constantly and they work so well.   Yeah, I know that's what good writing should be, but I've read lots of  books that use lots of metaphors and it just doesn't work for me.  I choke  on it and can't see it and can't keep up with it. Bradbury does it  masterfully in my opinion.   As for the story, it is creepy and it is scary  and it is wonderful!  No, it won't freak you out or give you nightmares,  but it will give you a chill if you let it. Let yourself visualize the  characters and hear the calliope and you will be immersed and I bet you'll  love it!
0790735172|3.0|The artmartial sequences are amazing, Bruce is getting better and better as an actor. THis clearly showed how he was improving and what he would accomplish if Death hadnt come to his way.But technically is still an  inferior movie, a kind of &quot;B-class&quot; movie, and only die-hard fans  dont see it. As the plot, I prefer his older movies, like &quot;THE BIG  BOSS&quot;.
B000004756|4.0|The first three tracks are some of the most techincal and amazing guitar work I have ever heard. Then it does start to get boring after that, but it's because the tracks become slower paced and less inspiring. Still, buy this CD, the first few tracks are worth it, with plenty of flashy guitar, yet much more content than the speed runs found in some of their other  work. Also check out Friday Night in San Francisco
B00004SVID|5.0|In the seventies, Pink Floyd was fantastic live.  It wasn't just the visual show.  The group would experiment with new material and would take old material and stretch it out and play it in new, exciting ways.  Before  Dark Side of the Moon was released, Pink Floyd was touring and playing an  early version of it called Eclipsed.  The tour following the release of the  album featured a fantastic rendition of Dark Side of the Moon (far superior  than that on Pulse) and pre-album versions of songs from Wish You Were Here  and Animals.  <br />This live version of the wall does not stray too far from  the studio version.  There are two new songs that are fairly good, but  nothing special. Many of the songs are livelier and played with more  energy.  There are extra musical flourishes on most of the songs and a  stronger emphasis on keyboards throughout. Another Brick In the Wall part 2  has a nice organ solo at the end. The version of Run is very interesting  and different from any other.  But other than that, the band never really  opens up or significantly modifies, or builds upon the original album.   Most surprising is the lack luster version of Comfortably Numb.  While not  bad, there are other live versions that are much better.<br />There are a few  downsides.  Some songs aren't done quite as well as on the studio album.   Although audience noise is generally kept to a minimum there are some  places it is too loud.  During some tracks, such as Is Anybody Out There?,  the background TV noise is kept at a level where it is just barely audible  so that it is just an annoying buzz.  <br />All in all, I like the live  version better.  Because this is basically a musical, or rock opera it  works much better as a live performance.  I think this version pushes the  work just over the four star barrier into five star material.
B000002OVJ|5.0|The Who is in my humble opinion the greatest live band ever. Every track on this CD seethes with raw power and unparalled energy that threatens to melt the listener's speakers. From Pete Townshend's blues riffs to Roger Daltrey's howling voice the band captures the very essence of what a live  rock show should be. The highlight tracks are &quot;Young Man Blues, Magic  Bus, Heaven and Hell and My Generation&quot;. Each song is fast and  furious, powered by the human tornado, Keith &quot;The Greatest Drummer  Ever&quot; Moon.Every time I listen to this CD I am just in awe of the  power and speed that Moon exhibits, thank God John Entwhistle was there to  serve as a anchor with his rumble bass to hold the band together. All I can  say is if you love good live music then this is the album for you.
B00004SVID|5.0|In the seventies, Pink Floyd was fantastic live.  It wasn't just the visual show.  The group would experiment with new material and would take old material and stretch it out and play it in new, exciting ways.  Before  Dark Side of the Moon was released, Pink Floyd was touring and playing an  early version of it called Eclipsed.  The tour following the release of the  album featured a fantastic rendition of Dark Side of the Moon (far superior  than that on Pulse) and pre-album versions of songs from Wish You Were Here  and Animals.  <br />This live version of the wall does not stray too far from  the studio version.  There are two new songs that are fairly good, but  nothing special. Many of the songs are livelier and played with more  energy.  There are extra musical flourishes on most of the songs and a  stronger emphasis on keyboards throughout. Another Brick In the Wall part 2  has a nice organ solo at the end. The version of Run is very interesting  and different from any other.  But other than that, the band never really  opens up or significantly modifies, or builds upon the original album.   Most surprising is the lack luster version of Comfortably Numb.  While not  bad, there are other live versions that are much better.<br />There are a few  downsides.  Some songs aren't done quite as well as on the studio album.   Although audience noise is generally kept to a minimum there are some  places it is too loud.  During some tracks, such as Is Anybody Out There?,  the background TV noise is kept at a level where it is just barely audible  so that it is just an annoying buzz.  <br />All in all, I like the live  version better.  Because this is basically a musical, or rock opera it  works much better as a live performance.  I think this version pushes the  work just over the four star barrier into five star material.
B000006045|4.0|This is perhaps one of the coolest album covers around. The music is passive agressive (massively so). You dont know when it creeps into you. Its incredibly sensual. Great singers!  The songs become recognizable and  diferentiated after a couple of playbacks but afterwards you wonder why you  ever thought they sounded all the same. Its a weird record....but...i just  have to recomend it.
B00001U03Q|5.0|A truly great CD.  This CD has a little bit of all of his truly great hits, and is great on those long drives.  I do not pass up a single song on this CD!
B00000K2SC|3.0|This movie could have been so much more, they had the cast (with the exception of one) the special effects (simply mindboggling! )and most importantly, a story worth telling.  <br />I was one of many people standing  in a very very long queue, eagerly waiting to watch this megamovie of the  year, imagine my disappointment when I saw Keanus cardboard performance  ruining a potentially brilliant movie,  I dont like bagging an actor but in  this case I cant help it, everytime Keanu was I on, I would close my eyes  and imagine Carrie-Ann Moss doing those make me drool special fx moves! or  pretending Laurence Fishburn with that oh so sexy voice and darkly cool  good looks standing dramatically like a leather bound Nubian King! but even  those images could not shake Keanus performance out of my head, and I  tried, I really tried, I wanted to give Matrix 5 stars but I couldnt, so  sorry to those who loved the film. <br />Keanu aside, this movie was awesome,  I cant say enough positive things that adequately describe it so Ill just  say it is visually stunning, dark and enthralling in parts, creative and  watchable.  <br />Slightly off the track, Ive heard a rumour that the sequel  may have the incredibly talented Jet Li (Hes a martial arts megastar up  there with Bruce Lee in my humble opinion! ) if that is true then Ill be in  another very very long queue just to see his awesome performance  (gauranteed! ), I have to add I wish Mark Dacascos was Playing Neo, if  youve ever heard of him you would understand, hes just as awesome and  better looking!  and by the way I dont hate Keanu, I just think he was  miscast!
B000021XR5|5.0|at first i wasn't too sure about this one. so i put it away for a month or so and then just recently brought it back out. it rocks! it's one of those albums that you have to warm up to. and any real stp fan needs this one to  complete their amazing collection.
0131103628|5.0|This book, while not for beginners, is a clearly written,  excellent reference for programmers. It is either for programmers who are familiar with other languages or who already know C and need a place to look to  answer specific questions.<br />I've been programming in C for 10 years and  have kept this book nearby on any C project that I've been on since then. I  just finished a project recently and found that I reference the book at  least on a daily basis.<br />This book is the definition of C and the exact  behaviour of the language. There is no substitute for this book, although  there are many suppliments that are platform specific. If you want to write  C programs, buy this book.
B00003Q438|2.0|The movie took way too long to get to anything half-way exciting.  It could have been cut down to 30 minutes!
B0000024RQ|5.0|Bob Dylan is one of the true genius of music. He is probably the greatest songwriter of all time, releasing an uncanny amount of albums. He has so many, they are hard to keep up with. Although tis is true, The Freewheelin'  Bob Dylan is one of his most essential albums. It is the best example of  the Early Dylan. <br />After Bringing It All Back Home, most of Dylan's albums  were more like rock than folk. Also, they were electric, for the most part.  This album, however, is before &quot;Dylan Went Electric.&quot; Personally,  I love the Elctric Dylan. However, I equally love the Acoustic Folk Dylan,  which is exactly what this album is. Actually, it may be too different to  be a folk record, but it definately closer to folk than Rock. Blowin' In  The Wind is as classic of a song as they come. It is very much a folk song.  It is one og the best on the album. Girl From The North Country is another  briliant song, and is also redone greatly on Nashville Skyline. Masters of  War is a true early Dylan protest song. Down the Highway is one of the  weaker songs on the album, but is by no means a filler. Bob Dylan's Blues  is the first of many songs like it to come. Bob Dylan Blues is actually a  completely different style of music. It is like Folk Blues. A Hard Rain's  A-Gonna Fall is one of my favotites on the album. Don't Think Twice, It's  Alright is my favorite song on the album. It would take too long to go  through all the rest, but believe me, they are all great. There is not one  bad song on the album. This album is essential to Dylan Fans, Folk Fans,  and 60s Fans. Buy It.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is a tremendous album put out by Metallica. Not there best but this album is unique because of the syphony. and it is masterful.
B000002KO3|5.0|Remain In Light is one of the Talking Heads best albums. The Heads had many great albums, and this one is no exception. My personal favorite album by the Talking Heads is More Songs About Buildings And Food. After that one, it is hard to say what is their second best. It is either This album,  Remain In Light, or their first album. Talking Heads: '77. It would be hard  for me to decide. Remain In Light is easily one of their most different  albums. It has a very different sound then all of their other albums. The  instruments are being used in differnet ways than on previous albums. David  Byrne's Voice is also very different. The results, however, are still  excellent. This album produced two of my favorite songs by the Talking  Heads; Once In A Lifetime and Crosseyed and Painless. Although the whole  album is excellent, those two songs along with The Overload really stand  out. This album is definately a must for any fans of the Talking Heads. It  perfectly represents their everchanging sound and style and their  breakthroughs into unknown realms of music.
B000002C1X|5.0|Being a relatively new Floyd fan, after listening to this album and &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, they've rocketed to being one of my favorite bands. I think any album that sends chills up your spine and sets your hairs on end has to have some kind of impact on its listener.  &quot;The Wall&quot; certainly does that to me.<br />I like everything on the  album, the songs and the shorter pieces, they all fit together seamlessly,  IMHO.<br />Roger Waters has written some awesome lyrics, lyrics people can  identify with, which is why &quot;The Wall&quot; is so popular. Then  there's the music: Wow. Wow. Wow. It has to be heard to be believed, the  solo on &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; floors me everytime I hear it.<br />Don't  believe the hype saying it's the best album ever (though it very well could  be), don't worry about picking up an &quot;overated&quot; album. Buy this  one because you want to hear and appreciate some of the most  thought-provoking and touching music ever made. A classic. Enjoy.
078062565X|5.0|This movie is the best film of the 20th century. Now the reason why I say this is because this film was made in 1933. Compare this to some of the awful films that were made in the 50's and 60's, like &quot;Reptilicus&quot; (1962), &quot;The Land Unknown&quot; (1953), or  &quot;The Lost World&quot; (1960). Now Kong was created nearly 30 years  prior to these films and he was alot more creative, scary, and realistic  than anything that came afterwards. The stop-motion process is alot more  realistic than lizards or puppets on strings trying to pose as dinosaurs  any day. The stars of the film talk like guys from the mob, but thats alot  better than the american dubbing on Godzilla movies. Even though people  might disagree, I think this film has better special effects than  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;. Willis O'Brein does a spectacular job on his  special effects extravaganza. <br />In 1933, the cast was mostly unknown, but  now there some of the most classic stars of all of Hollywood. Fay Wray,  Robert Armstrong, and Bruce Cabot later went on to perform in hundreds of  movies up untill the 50's. Fay Wray's screams have ended up in thousands of  monster movies such as &quot;The Giant Behemoth&quot; (1954) and &quot;It  Came from Beneath the Sea&quot; (1953).<br />All in all, a masterpiece that is  yet to be beaten... that is &quot;King Kong&quot;
0156711427|5.0|Deserving praise near and far, A Passage to India takes you to a world that isn't as far as you might think.<br />Forster is able to create a beautiful novel about the perseverity of friends, the truth of colonization, and a stark look into the realm of Orientalism.  Forster  emerges from the book as open-minded and progressive as anyone could have  been in the 1920s.<br />In some ways similiar, yet vastly different, Forser  explores the truth of India in many of the same ways as Africa was  &quot;opened&quot; up to English readers in Heart of Darkness.  However, A  Passage to India is much deeper than I can express.<br />If you want a look  into a beautiful novel about friendships and relationships (loving and  intimate).  Then buy this book because I promise it will touch your heart  and remind you of the sanctity of the human spirit.
B00000DC4A|5.0|After a great album, &quot;Unplugged,&quot; Bryan Adams has turned out a fantastic album that shows glimpses of his wonderful music of the past (&quot;Fearless&quot; a really great track) as well as a new direction for his music, the amazing title track as well as &quot;Come On Come On Come  On&quot; and &quot;When You're Gone (a good duet with Melanie C of, yes,  the Spice Girls).  The album has a lot of decent slow to midtempo songs,  such as &quot;Where Angels Fear To Tread&quot;, &quot;Inside Out&quot; and  &quot;Cloud Number Nine,&quot; and there isn't a bad track on here.  This  makes for a great listen, well worth your time and money.
B00003CXAR|5.0|This movie has a certain quality about it that has struck me since I was a kid. This movie is both incredibly dramatic and horrifying and at other times it is just hilarious. I feel the suspense in the opening scene when Chrissie Watkins becomes the first victim in the nude swimmer scene. I feel  the suspense when Charlie falls in the water as him and his buddy use the  wife's holiday roast for bait.(Its also pretty funny too. The chances of that happening are slim-to-none yet the scene was still engaging. I can't  even catch a bluefish offshore with even the most expensive bait. Maybe I  ought to try the holiday roast) The main characters are very well acted by Roy Scheider, Richard Dreyfus, and Robert Shaw. You really can believe that Roy Sneider is the Average-Joe police chief Martin Brodie and Richard  Dreyfus as Matt Hooper seems to actually possess a great deal of knowledge about sharks.  Robert Shaw as Quint steals the show with hilarious tirades about his fair Spanish Ladies. \\"Here lies the body of Marylee; died at the age of 103; kept her virginity til the age of fifteen; not a bad record for this vicinity\\"(My  absolute favorite Quint line.) Lorraine Gary's (As Brodie's Wife) reaction to Quint was also amusing in that scene. How dare she be disgusted with such hilarity? The  supporting cast was also believable. All the actors were believable for that matter. That makes all the difference in the world in such an unbelievable movie. Good acting can  make the unbelievable actually believable. I thought the twist of irony in Quint's death was engaging because it kind of made him like those that lost their lives on the U.S.S Indianappolis. It was like now he was closer to them somehow. The ending made this movie. From the smile you son of bitch line to the final line of this classic script. The final line is what  explains the purpose of the movie as well. \\"To think I used to  hate the water,\\" Brodie said. \\"I can't imagine why,\\" Hooper  answers to close the movie. The movie is about not being afraid of the  water. It is an example of what won't happen in all likelyhood. From the start of the classic score in the opening scene until the final scene this movie is truly a classic in everyway. God bless Spielberg for releasing this sucker in DTS digital surround  on DVD. That's something Mr. Lucas is a long way from doing with any of his Star Wars films.
B000002G26|5.0|This album is a great hits collection from Canada's best rocker...It includes &quot;(Everything I Do) I Do It For You&quot; (my favorite song of all time), and &quot;Please Forgive Me,&quot; &quot;Straight From The Heart,&quot; &quot;Heaven,&quot; and &quot;Do I Have To Say The  Words?&quot;, some awesome ballads.  &quot;Run To You,&quot; is a good one,  as are all of the songs on here save one.  I really think &quot;Kids Wanna  Rock&quot; is dumb, but it's the only song on here that I don't like, and  &quot;Summer of '69&quot; and the rest of the songs more than make up for  the one lapse in quality (for me).  If you're a fan of underappreciated  pop/rock like I am, you'll eat up this album.  It's only missing a couple  of songs I'd really like to hear from that time period, &quot;All For  Love&quot; (which I got when I bought the &quot;Best Of Me&quot; Import of  his, and &quot;Thought I'd Died And Gone To Heaven&quot;).  Other than  that, it's all good...
1878424114|5.0|The beauty of this book is that it is so simply written.  I finished it in a day, because I wanted to read on, but it really should be savored slowly.  Regardless of your religious beliefs, the laws make sense in a very basic  way.  They are about living your life in a simple, open way -- leaving  yourself open to opportunity, giving yourself space to hear your inner  voice, learning not to judge or be influenced by the judgment of others,  and other worthy ideas.  Each chapter is devoted to one law, and each law  has three supporting ideas that are recapped at the end of the chapter for  easy reference.  In the concluding chapter Chopra sums up the seven laws by  observing a single cell in a living organism.  This example was so  illuminating for me and made me really understand the beauty and sense of  the laws.
B000002GOZ|5.0|Some artists turn &quot;MTV Unplugged&quot; into a chance to lapse into singing faded over-played standards from years past, singing away into nostalgia.  Not BA, who reworks his amazing catalogue and comes up with an unplugged performance that features everything from pipes to a performance  from a Juliard violinist who was possibly finding out about BA for the  first time (I'm a violist myself, but most classical musicians aren't  trained in the rock/balladeering of Bryan Adams).  I love &quot;I'm  Ready,&quot; the Blues Medley (&quot;If Ya Wanna Be Bad-You've Gotta Be  Good&quot;/&quot;Let's Make A Night To Remember&quot;) and &quot;When You  Love Someone&quot; (a really awesome ballad, which I have two versions  of-the other from the &quot;Hope Floats&quot; soundtrack).  This is *NOT* a  greatest hits package, but a great package of redefined music, very few of  which were big hits, from an awesome singer.  Buy it with the intention of  listening to new material and enjoy!
B000002TPS|5.0|THE BAND: Dave Mustaine (lead vocals, lead & rhythm guitar), Marty Friedman (lead & rhythm guitar), David Ellefson (bass), Nick Menza (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1994) 12 songs clocking in at approximately 50 minutes. Included with the disc is a 22-page booklet containing band photos, song credits, song lyrics, and thank you's. Recorded at Fat Planet in Hangar 18, Phoenix, AZ. Producer - Max Norman. Label - Capital.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Musicianship is loud, precise & tight. As good as Mustaine's and Friedman's guitar work is here, I feel Nick Menza's drumming takes center stage. He absolutley takes over this album (much in the same way Kiss' Eric Carr took over \\"Creatures Of The Night\\"). \\"Youthanasia\\" could easily be called \\"Countdown to Extinction Part 2\\". Almost as good in all respects. \\"Train of Consequences\\" got a good deal of airplay here in Phoenix. They even rocked this song live on \\"Late Night with David Letterman\\" just before it's release. Best songs are \\"Elysian Fields\\", \\"Family Tree\\", A Tout Le Monde\\", and \\"Reckoning Day\\". Compact and leaning toward the commercial side, all the songs are between 3 and 5 minutes each. The longest song on the disc being \\"Addicted To Chaos\\" (5:26). All hard rock and no thrash - this, like on \\"Countdown To Extinction\\", is the new and improved Megadeth. Great album and a solid runner up to 1992's \\"Countdown\\". Great disc.
630505116X|4.0|I just get a kick out of this movie!  It's loads of fun with lots of gunfire, gooey special effects, monsters galore, and explosions. If your expecting &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; then rent something else. If you want to be entertained without having to think for one hour and forty five minutes  then this is the perfect film for you. Treat Williams, Kevin J. O'Connor,  Wes Studi, and Famke Janssen make up a great cast. The only thing that  keeps me from giving it 5 stars is the gigantic pot hole involving the  character Pantucci and his girlfriend. Other than that, enjoy!
B000002H33|5.0|THE BAND: James Hetfield (lead vocals, rhythm guitars), Kirk Hammett (lead guitars), Cliff Burton (bass guitars), Lars Ulrich (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1986) 8 songs clocking in at approximately 55 minutes. Included with the disc is a 6-page booklet with black & white band pictures, song credits/lyrics and thank you's. All music written by Metallica. All lyrics written by Hetfield. Recorded at Sweet Silence Studios, in Copenhagen, Denmark. Label - Elecktra.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Where do I start? This is, quite simply, Metallica's defining moment; their magnum opus. Other heavy metal albums are often compared to \\"Puppets\\"... they strive to be mentioned in the same sentence. It's also the best album featuring the original 4 members (prior to Burton's fatal tour bus crash). \\"Master Of Puppets\\" is a more mature album - and the band had grown in leaps and bounds since their 'shake your head and shred' days. The guitars are fast, but not the rapid-fire thrash metal fast that they were known for on the prior releases, \\"Kill 'em All\\" (1983) and \\"Ride The Lightning\\" (1984). The classic opening from \\"Battery\\", the memorable chorus from the title track, the philisophical \\"The Thing That Should Not Be\\", the sad battle proven warrior songs \\"Welcome Home (Sanitarium)\\" and \\"Disposable Heroes\\" to the crunchy instrumental \\"Orion\\" and the closer, \\"Damage Inc.\\"... every song is classic Metallica. There are two sides to Metallica - the 1st being the 80's thrash & metal, and the 2nd being 90's toned down melodic metal for the masses. \\"Master Of Puppets\\" is easily the band's best album of the 80's, and if left for me to choose - it's the best disc in their entire catalog. Just wondering - will Metallica ever digitally remaster their early albums? Classic heavy metal disc.
B00003CX5A|5.0|I thought this movie was mildly horrifying... very appealing... The actors played their roles to the max... ('cept for Casper!) and the backgrounds were great... It had mystery, horror, drama, and comedy... I think that  this was the best movie I'd ever seen... There was the basic Coward and  Hero (DEPP) The leading lady with a mystery (RICCI) The Brute (VAN DIEN)  and a good plot (WASHINGTON). All thanks to Tim Burton, this movie was very  cool. Therefore, I rate it 5 stars!
B000002HMH|5.0|THE BAND: James Hetfield (vocals, guitars), Kirk Hammett (guitars), Jason Newsted (bass), Lars Ulrich (drums).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1996) 14 songs clocking in at approximately 79 minutes. Included with the disc is a 30-page booklet containing numerous photos, a few select lines/words from each song, song titles/credits, and fan club info. All music and Lyrics by Hetfield/Ulrich, with Hammett co-writing 7 songs. Recorded at The Plant Studios in Sausalito, CA. Label - Elektra.<br /><br />COMMENTS: I dig all Metallica. I believe the band has 2 distinct sounds though... that of the 80's thrash, and that of the 90's mainstream metal. Some fans say \\"sell out\\" when talking about \\"Load\\". I for one, put this right up there on the same pedestal as \\"Master Of Puppets\\" from 1986. From the opener \\"Ain't My Bitch\\" to closing track \\"The Outlaw Torn\\"... it simply rocks. Hetfield and Ulrich have an incredible chemistry together in writing songs. Perhaps their age has something to do with the direction they're taking with this release (?). I know I'm not as strong a headbanger as I used to be (like I was in my teens and twenty's) and I enjoy \\"Load\\" as much as their earlier masterpieces. Metallica experiments and tries a little bit of everything on \\"Load\\" - from the metal ballads of \\"Until It Sleeps\\" and \\"Mama Said\\"; to the grungy \\"Poor Twisted Me\\" and \\"Cure\\", to the all-out rockers like \\"Ain't My Bitch\\", \\"2x4\\", \\"King Nothing\\", and \\"Bleeding Me\\", to the slow chugging 10-minute ground-shaker \\"The Outlaw Torn\\". Love it or hate it, I accept it for what it is... great listenable music. This is one of my favorites from Metallica's entire catalog. An easy 5-star review.
B00003CXDV|3.0|The film has some nice moments, mostly courtesy of Alan Rickman.  Perhaps the nicest touch is that they used the voice of Joe Frank, of LA underground radio fame, as the voice of the computer.  This is an amiable,  periodically amusing feel-good film that will appeal to people who really  like films like Howard Stern's &quot;Private Parts&quot; -- films that are  more palliative than outright hilarious.
B000002V0Q|5.0|THE BAND: Dave Mustaine (lead vocals, lead & rhythm guitar), Marty Friedman (lead & rhythm guitar), David Ellefson (bass), Nick Menza (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1992) 11 songs clocking in at approximately 48 minutes. Included with the disc is a 14-page booklet containing band photos, song credits, song lyrics, and thank you's. Recorded at The Enterprise, Burbank, CA. New producer - Max Norman. Label - Capital.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Like Metallica, Megadeth was originally known for lightning fast riffs and steady drums to hold the songs together. This kind of music played to a select group of listeners. Megadeth matured a little bit, got a new producer, slowed it down just a tad... and the result was \\"Countdown to  Extinction\\". A solid effort from start to finish. The old school Megadeth fans will say the band sold out (like old school Metallica fans said the band did with their 1991 \\"Black\\" album as well as \\"Load\\" in 1996). I've always believed that you simply can't please everyone. With \\"Countdown To Extinction\\" though, I felt then as I do now - Megadeth reached so many more listeners with their new and improved sound. This isn't the band's best selling album for no reason. Mustaine and Friedman's guitars are hard, crunchy and tight. Ellefson's bass playing is thundering in the background. Menza's drumming has been equalled on other albums, but never better than here. The first 6 songs are back to back metal classics. My favorite songs (even years later) are \\"Foreclosure of a Dream\\", \\"This Was My Life\\", \\"Sweating Bullets\\", and \\"Symphany of Destruction\\". If you were not into Megadeth because of their trademark speed licks and thrash... I guarantee you will be pleasantly surprised by the results from \\"Countdown To Extinction\\". In 1992, this was vastly different than anything else they'd ever done. This is easily my favorite release in the entire Megadeth catelog. Classic disc.
0553277472|5.0|In my (1/e)*100 years on this planet, during which I devoured at least ten times as many books, I have read only two more than once - &quot;Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance&quot; is one of them.      In this monumental 1974 work, Robert Pirsig has achieved what few others have  managed before him and, to the best of my knowledge, nobody else has  accomplished since: a perfect unification of philosophy, adventure and  mystery.  His &quot;Chautauqua,&quot; or traveling tale, takes the reader  on a profound tour of ancient Greek philosophy, the steppes of Montana, and  even a little bit of Zen Buddhism, with endless surprises and much original  if not truly inspired thought along the way.        Through his  self-portrayal by means of the unforgettable and eerily enigmatic character  Phaedrus, Mr. Pirsig shares his far-reaching search for the meaning of  life, and himself.  His fundamental concern is with the following seemingly  simple but in effect infinitely complex question: &quot;How can one  distinguish &quot;good&quot; from &quot;bad?&quot;  The question is posed  and addressed in many different forms throughout the book, and in the  process the concepts of truth, value and quality are dissected,  reassembled, and again dissected and reassembled many times.  Mr. Pirsig  has an uncanny sense of timing, and he never allows the heavier passages to  labor on too long.  This is avoided by craftily interspersing his  philosophical discourse amongst very down-to-earth and charming  observations made during a motorcycle trip that takes the narrator and his  seemingly troubled son Chris from the American Prairies to the Pacific, and  forms the prevalent background for the entire &quot;Chautauqua.&quot;        &quot;Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance&quot; is a totally unique  creation.  Not being one to lend himself easily to corny clichs, I  nevertheless believe that this is one book that definitely could  dramatically change your life, whether or not you believe in Zen or have  ever sat on a motorcycle.  If you love somebody, buy them this book
0780628551|1.0|It's ashame that director think that we wanna watch really bad movies.But whatever this director was thinking when he made this pathetic waste of film was abviously thinking he was so bored he may as well make this thing  but what a waste of time because by the time you figure out the ploit  if  you figure it out your begging for someone to put you out your misery ,but  hey when your out of sleep medicine by all means put this in and youll fall  asleep pretty dang quick.
6305426651|5.0|Roberto Benigni brillantly and passionatly portrays an Italian Jewish waiter and bookstore owner, who has a flair at solving life's many riddles, during the waning days of World War II in Europe. Combining Italian Realism  with many elements of Classic Hollywood Cinema, Guido (Benigni) invites the  viewer to find the beauty in each and every day of life, and to openly and  assertively express and embrace love at every opportunity, because one  never knows when and how that love will be tested, or physically torn from  one's self. Guido approaches his ultimate test of his strength of love when  he and his young son are forced into a concentration camp, and his wife, a  non-Jew, chooses to join them. Guido uses his brilliant talent at solving  riddles, and his deep understanding that through an unselfish love, life  can be what you make of it. In this case, Guido solves the real life  riddles of how to help his son survive, and how to help his wife retain  hope in a situation that would leave most of us withdrawn into ourselves by  dispair. He convinces his son that the &quot;stay&quot; in the  concentration camp is a planned game for his birthday, and, even though the  game is not much fun, the reward of playing, and winning, is receiving a  real tank of his very own. Guido supports his wife by taking every unusual  opportunity to communicate to her that he and their son are alive, and she  can live one more day in hope that they all will be together again. Guido  understands that life is most beautiful when love is put into juxtaposition  with the ridiculousness of blind hatred fueled by fear. Another theme of  this film is that one must be able to find something of beauty and value to  love within one's self, and without one's self, in order to simply survive  the most horrific riddles, or terrifying life conditions, that humans  sometimes find themselves. Benigni does not make light of the overwhelming  suffering and pain that was experienced by Jews in the concentration camps.  In a special manner, he pays tribute to those who were able to survive --  by chance, will and/or inner faith in the belief that life is inherently  beautiful -- the atrocities they witnessed inflicted upon others, knowing  full well that these same atrocities could be dealt to them at any time.  This is a remarkable and highly passionate film that is best experienced  when reading subtitles, and becoming totally absorbed by the passion of the  spoken Italian language in tandem with the expressive gestures and body  language of the artists in the film. There are very few movies with the  depth of themes that &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; engenders.
0805062971|5.0|I am Joe's extreme sense of enthusiasm.  <br />The book Fight Club is a ground-breaking piece of literature, that is by far one the great pieces of literature that the 20th century had to offer us.  <br />Fight Club uses a very unique style in its writing, and I was impressed to see the cinematic  interpretation of it.  However, I must say even though the movie was very  well done, the book was even a notch above that.<br />Chuck Palahniuk takes us  through the life of his un-named protagonist, who is so dead to himself and  the rest of the world he attends chronic support groups to get a dose of  human emotion.  <br />But when another &quot;faker&quot; appears at the  support groups, the un-named character returns to his bouts of insomia, and  through these half-dream, hald-real worlds, we meet Tyler Durden.<br />Tyler  decides to allow the young un-named protagonist under his wing, but in  exchange, they need to hit each other as hard as they possibly can.<br />The  release that is felt by the two characters through their frequently bloody  brawls spawns Fight Club, which in turn spawns Project Mayhem...a nation  wide organization so loyally devoted to Tyler Durden and the anarchy that  they create that not even Tyler can stop them.<br />The very climatic ending  is sure to be a mind job as well, but it stays right along the dark, and  even nihilistic path that the book strays down.  <br />A must read for the  young generation, the message is invaluable.
B000002WPI|5.0|I can't believe how white I am.  It's the year 2000 and I finally got a copy of this groundbreaking rap album.  Back them I was listening to Metallica and Megadeth.  While I am not saying that these bands are bad in any way (even though they do suck), I am saying that I've finally become a  devoted member of the hip-hop nation.  My best friend back then used to  play this album for me and the only thing I remember was &quot;Torture  Muthafucka&quot;.  Now when I listen I am blown away by every track.  ODB,  Meth, and the Genius are incredible rappers, and the other guys aren't too  shabby either.  RZA's productions on this album are second to none, showing  why every wu-project should be supervised by him.  He lays down these  absract tracks that go perfect with the back in the day lyrics.  I wish  Wu-Tang would do more collective albums, because the pass the mic concept  over these amazing tracks only gets better with repeated listens.
B000002AZ8|5.0|There are very few people out there who liked Vitalogy on the first listen.  It almost seems as if the album was intended to sit in an abandoned drawer for a year or two before it can be appreciated.  Certainly  though, Vitalogy ages like a fine wine.  <br />    It is Pearl Jam's best  work.  Whereas Ten and Vs. were seemingly built for radio airplay, this  album was meant to be cherished for its depth and details.  You all know  &quot;Better Man&quot; and &quot;Cordouroy.&quot;  But  &quot;Nothingman&quot; and &quot;Immortality&quot; are even better, being  vivid accounts of life.  &quot;Last Exit&quot; and &quot;Satan's Bed&quot;  are brittle but intimate songs that draw you further into the album's  overall experience.  Instrumentals only increase the impressive aura and  mood generated by Vitalogy.<br />     There are a few flaws here, but nothing  to even begin to diminish the album's greatness.  In the beginning I liked  only 5 songs; now I love almost all 14.  Please get this album and don't  throw it away after the first or even tenth listen.  It will grow on you  for sure.<br />      Together with Soundgarden's &quot;Superunknown&quot; and  Temple of the Dog's self-titled album, this is one of the 90's crowning  musical achievements!
B00004SVID|5.0|One of the best rock groups of all time comes out with a live album from one of their most influential tours of their illustrious career. If you own &quot;The Wall&quot; album you might be a little skeptic about this album, but this album captures all of the incredible emotion from their concerts.  One of the most reconizable songs on the album and one of the best songs  all time is called &quot;Another Brick In The Wall Pt. 2&quot; as you have  everything from kids singing the lyrics to awesome guitar solos. The first  song on the second disc is called &quot;Hey You&quot; in which Doug Gilmour  has very emotional lyrics. Another song that has emotional lyrics is the  heartfelt ballad &quot;Mother&quot;. All and all if you like Pink Floyd  this is a must buy with &quot;The Wall Live&quot; album and &quot;Is  Anybody Out There&quot; album with 2 extra songs you just can't lost with  this album.
B000002N3N|5.0|This is the third review of an irish album I write today (the others were Cranberries) and now I'm sure about that Ireland is one of the countries producing the best music in the world. And not just commercial pop-music in the Spice Girls way. Okay, I just wanted to say something about Irish  music. Now let's say something about this album. It's great. it's  beautiful. Very good, easy listened music. If you like Enya or you just  want some easy-listened relaxing music. This is the album for you to buy!
B000002KCV|5.0|Comes A Time is a seminal work from Neil. It has a collection of songs which shepparded me through my adolescence and continues to guide me today. It may come off upon first listen as a little too overproduced and too  country BUT the songs are some of the most compelling of Neil's acoustic  life. A song like &quot;Peace of Mind&quot; is staggering. The lyrics are  beyond description. The melody tears through your heart and the music is  the perfect blend of achingly beautiful guitars and voices. Other stand out  songs are,&quot;Look Out For My Love&quot;,&quot;Already  One&quot;,&quot;Comes A Time&quot;,&quot;Field of  Opportunity&quot;,&quot;Going Back&quot;, in fact there is not one song on  this album which doesn't stand out as a classic for me. My first copy of  this album I literally wore out from playing it too much. Now that I have  the CD I hope it lasts well into this Century. If you love acoustic rock  which takes you deep inside the human heart and the human experience do not  miss Neil's Comes A Time.
0812550706|5.0|Strangely, I read Ender's Game out of sequence in it's series. For some reason I started with &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot;, which is the sequel, and then went back to read the first novel. Speaker for the Dead is  a great book but does not stand alone. Its story is only completed by the  remaining books in the series. Ender's Game however, is just as good and is  also self contained.<br /><br /> Originally, the novel started out as a short  story, (or novella), called Ender's War. Card re-wrote much of it, fleshing  out the story, and in so doing created one of the finest works of science  fiction in existance. I haven't met anyone who has read it without being  impressed. Like all of Card's books, it is difficult to put down, teaches  us something about ourselves, makes us cry and it makes us cheer. Card is  always good but with Ender's Game, he is perfect.<br /><br />The title  character, Ender Wiggin, is a young boy who's whole life has been lived  under the stigma of being a third child. In a world where population  control is the only means of racial survival, he is the exception that  proves the rule. His very existance was only granted because the government  felt his genes and upbringing might produce the perfect strategist against  an implacable enemy.<br /><br /> The &quot;Buggers&quot; almost wiped out the  entire human race, last time they visited. The government is certain these  insect like creatures will not stop when they next decide to come. And so,  it is necessary to create a military genius, trained in every way possible,  hardened to fear and remorse, and knowing that there will be no second  chance at success. The fact that this person is a small boy, must not keep  them from performing their duty.<br /><br />Ender's Game tells the story of  what that boy's life is like. It is not a light tale and no punches are  pulled. Even so, I would recommend it to anyone over ten years old. Simply  because it does not shy away from the consequences of even brutal acts and  so, it has the power to open our eyes to the meaning of responsibility.  Please read this book... we all should.<br /><br />For those that are up on  their reading of Card's work, you may want to buy his latest; Ender's  Shadow. It revisits the War school from the point of view of Ender's most  worthy student, Bean. We get to see all those dramatic moments again but  not as we remember them.acts and  so, it has the power to open our eyes to the meaning of responsibility.  Please read this book... we all should.  <BR><BR>For those that are up on  their reading of Card's work, you may want to buy his latest; Ender's  Shadow. It revisits the War school from the point of view of Ender's most  worthy student, Bean. We get to see all those dramatic moments again but  not as we remember them.
B000002J0B|1.0|Well this album is just like any other album of their's ie. overrated to the point of farce. If you want some good heavy metal(which Led Zeppelin WEREN'T, just a bunch of hippy folk singers singing about flowers and rivers) try Black Sabbath. Actually try any other band, at least they have  talent. If possible I would give this (or any other Led Zeppelin album)  MINUS five stars.People have just been brainwashed into thinking Led  Zeppelin are good.
B000002C25|5.0|Without a doubt, Oasis fans along with the music press had high expectations after &quot;(What's the Story) Morning Glory?&quot;, and even though the press wrote off &quot;Be Here Now,&quot; it's still a great  album to have.  Oasis experimented more with this album, due to the fact  that they actually had more time to record this one.  &quot;D'You Know What  I Mean?&quot; serves as the album's opening track, and it just knocks you  on your arse!   The drums are just so thumpin', and the guitars are  brilliant, very psychadellic indeed with the sound and lyrics.  &quot;Stand  By Me&quot; is another good one, very nice song examining friendship at  it's best.  &quot;Don't Go Away&quot; is similar to &quot;Don't Look Back  in Anger&quot; from WTSMG?, as it just makes you sing along with it.   Although quite long, &quot;All Around the World&quot; is a quality song  with a catchy melody to it.  Even though &quot;Be Here Now&quot; might be  Oasis' worst album (according to the press), it's still a great album, as  it sold over 7 million copies worldwide.
B000002KB8|5.0|Forget about Led Zeppelin(surely the most overrated band of all time) LISTEN TO BLACK SABBATH!
B000002AS3|5.0|&quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; is truly the best rock debut album of all-time, no doubt about it.  Oasis' massive guitars and Liam Gallagher's voice blend so nicely together to form a classic rock composition.   &quot;Rock N Roll Star&quot; is the perfect opening track for a debut  album, as Oasis tells the listener just what is going to happen in the  future.  &quot;Shakermaker&quot; is definitely a great tune, while  &quot;Live Forever&quot; is one of Oasis' all-time best tracks, beautifully  written by Noel.  Although lyrically simple, &quot;Columbia&quot; is  awesome just because of its massive guitars, it just goes on and on.   &quot;Supersonic&quot; is classic Oasis, although I like it better live.   &quot;Cigarettes &amp; Alcohol&quot; is a true rock anthem, while  &quot;Slide Away&quot; is another Noel written masterpiece.  All in all,  this Cd also belongs in any rock fans collection, along with the rest of  Oasis' catalogue.
0767849493|1.0|I am not a Catholic, or member of any other organized religion for that matter, so I was eagerly expecting irreverent, intelligent, and witty theo-illogical comedy from Dogma.  What I experienced was more like a bad  acid trip commandeered by graduate-school PC theological tedium mixed with  prepubescent sex and scat jokes.  This movie has no reason to exist beyond  the smattering of one-liners and a certain stoner hipness, but even these  are cliched or pretentious beyond tolerability.  Even the considerable  talents of its ensemble cast can't save this drivel from the postmodern  trash heap. If this is what ex-Catholics are struggling with, god help  them! This film is an insult to anyone with an ounce of spirituality left  in them.  It knows not from whence it came nor what it wants to say.   Honestly the worst film I've seen in years.
B00003CWL6|5.0|American Beauty is possibly the best movie is the past decade. The way we got to learn about Lester Burnham and his faults, yet still love him is wonderful. This movie made me think, not as in &quot;What did you think about this movie?&quot;, but as in questioning myself and everyone around  me. It was so provocative, this movie haunted me. Literaly. I start seeing  many, including myself, to be Lester. I guarantee, that if you are mature  enough to remove your protective bubble and see what the world really is,  you will absolutley, positively LOVE this movie. Correction, master piece.
B000005S37|1.0|This could possibly be the biggest load of crap ever recorded onto vinyl.  I bought it and I listened to it..all of it. The one thing no-one mentioned is that the fourth side finishes in an endless loop.  You know it took 30 minutes to realize that I'd reached the end of the last side. Unique and original...
B00000K2SE|5.0|Wonderful plot and acting. The Matrix will keep you on the edge of your seat.  Also, the special effects are incredible, and the martial arts are good.<br />Widescreen is a plus, and the additional making of footage is interesting.<br />If you are a technophile this is the video for you.
6304602898|5.0|A dark, crazy, twisted, inventive, and violent Christmas classic. There's really no way to classify or categorize Gremlins. It's too mean-spirited to be a kid's film, but not quite intense enough to justify a higher rating (but the 15-rated UK version makes a mockery of the BBFC guidelines).<br /><br />Gremlins has long been an annual tradition for movie fans. The cozy, snowy atmosphere of Kingston Falls (which appears to be in upstate New York somewhere) is the perfect small town that we all wish we came from. Even when the Gremlins invade it's a homely place to be envious of.<br /><br />I was frightened of the Gremlins when I was a kid, but they're really nothing more than gigantic smiles with arms and legs. They exist only to have fun at the expense of human life and private property. I suppose they could be a metaphor for hedonism or apathy.<br /><br />Originally a much more evil script (intended to be an anti-Wonderful Life), Chris Columbus was inspired to write Gremlins as he listened to the rats in his apartment scurry about in the dark during the night. He lightened the material somewhat before filming began, but Joe Dante's wild vision makes it a twisted, festive reality.<br /><br />Special mention must be made of Jerry Goldsmith's outrageous score and that famous theme tune 'The Gremlin Rag', a demented circus fanfare of anarchy and mayhem. It's crazy to think that over 26 years later it's still never been released on CD.<br /><br />Gremlins sparked the rise of Chris Columbus as a creative force in Hollywood. Only 25 at the time of filming his career has been made up of classics, and Christmas classics, such as The Goonies, Young Sherlock Holmes, Home Alone, Home Alone 2, Harry Potter, and Bicentennial Man. Joe Dante never scored a bigger hit, but his subsequent career significant;y defined 80s and 90s cinema with movies such as Innerspace, The 'burbs, Gremlins 2, and Small Soldiers. Goldsmith scoring every one of them until his death in 2004.<br /><br />Neither of them knew the massive franchise and fan-following which Gremlins would provoke, but it certainly deserves it's place in pop culture history.<br /><br />A lot of criticism has been made of the Blu Ray. I admit that it doesn't look like Avatar but no matter what anyone says it is a significant step-up from the DVD. The 1.78:1 1080p picture is the best Gremlins has ever looked. It's always been a dark, grainy-looking film, so I'm not as unimpressed as other reviewers have been. The Dolby TrueHD sound is also a noticeable upgrade from the DVD too. Extras are ported over from the Special Editon and are in standard definition.n-following which Gremlins would provoke, but it certainly deserves it's place in pop culture history.    A lot of criticism has been made of the Blu Ray. I admit that it doesn't look like Avatar but no matter what anyone says it is a significant step-up from the DVD. The 1.78:1 1080p picture is the best Gremlins has ever looked. It's always been a dark, grainy-looking film, so I'm not as unimpressed as other reviewers have been. The Dolby TrueHD sound is also a noticeable upgrade from the DVD too. Extras are ported over from the Special Editon and are in standard definition.
B000002AV5|5.0|Sade has never once failed to make a great album.  This compilation of her  greatest hits is just a look into her many great songs.  Sade has the kind  of voice that you can't forget.  She also has a face that is impossible to  forget, too.  Everything about her just sticks in a person's mind.  It's  rare that you find a singer/songwriter who is as good as Sade.  Sade is in  a category of her own when it comes to music.
0671047272|4.0|This is the saddest, most depressing, funny story of survival I've ever read.  The McCourts live in the most dismal poverty imaginable in Limerick, Ireland.   The father is a drunken bum who cannot hold a job but is a wonderful storyteller and a good singer.  Whenever he gets a job he only  keeps it until the first payday because he goes on a drunken binge.  The  mother, Angela always has hope that he will change.  They are on the dole  and have to beg for help from the church. Frank and his younger brothers  have to go out and pick up bits of coal in the streets of Limerick.  At  Christmas, Angela and Frank and Malachy (six and five years old) go to the  butcher to beg for meat for their Christmas dinner.  The butcher gives them  a pigs'head wrapped in newspaper.  Frank has to carry it home.  The bloody  newspaper falls away and the neighbors can see what he is carrying and that  they won't have a decent dinner for Christmas. Their father can't go out  and beg or pick coal bits from the streets because it is beneath his  dignity. Throughout his childhood Frank always has hopes and dreams of a  better life. He is forced to commit petty thievery many times to help his  mother. The Catholic Church shuns the family although they are very devout.  Frank is a good student but there is no one to help him further his  education after grade school.  He goes to work delivering telegrams and  writing letters for a loan officer when he is fourteen.  It takes him five  years to save enough money to pay his way to America.  The book ends as he  reaches America.  He apparently got a college degree and taught writing at  the high school level. This is a fascinating book and one that I will not  forget easily.  Frank McCourt found humor in the squalor of his childhood  and I was amazed at the eternal optimism his family had.
B00000IQBM|1.0|...that this movie was going to be just as good. Well, guess what.  IT WASN'T!  I have often rated actors and actresses to be ham, i.e. they act too much, but in this movie, there was too little.  Jack Nicholson's  over-the-top performance (no, make that, under-the-bottom) was poorly done.   For the first half hour or so of the movie, his character is a complete  jerk, and we don't really know if he is like this all the time or not.  All  of a sudden, he is going crazy.  Shelly Duvall's acting goes from Miss  Goody-good wimpy-poo to oh-god-help-me-why-me in the same time.  She is  very shallow the whole time, and never lightens up.  All through the movie  she is either crying or making some strange variant of scream-like noise.   And Danny, Mr. This-is-the-reason-this-movie-is-called-The-Shining.  He has  a very stupid attitude, and either is on his own and scooting around on his  tricycle like a little wind-up toy, or is croaking in his alter-ego  invisible playmate &quot;Tony&quot; voice, &quot;Redrum... redrum.&quot;   He just doesn't shut up, and when he does, he acts like he's posessed (oh,  yeah, he *is* posessed.  In terms of how accurate the movie is to the book,  it only has these  things in common: the character names, the settings, and  a tiny, tiny bit of the (mildly effective) power that Danny has.   Otherwise, the movie is simply inspired by the book, nothing more.  Mr.  Kubrick, I'm sorry, but you did a poor movie.  I've seen longer movies that  were better (The Green Mile is 3 hours and 17 minutes long--awesome  movie!), but this movie (2 hours 24 minutes) was so slow-paced, it was like  trying to enjoy watching a giant redwood tree grow from a seed to it's full  height.  There was simply nothing good about this trash movie.  The book is  the best Stephen King book I have ever read, but this movie... Uck.  Some  of you might be wondering, &quot;if this kid didn't like this movie, why  did he bother to write this giant review?&quot;  Well, I'll tell you why.   It's because I am warning all of you who want to see a good movie, look  elsewhere.  I *have* heard that the ABC miniseries is better, but you can  only order that through foreign companies, such as Amazon.co.uk  .   Horrible movie.
B00003CXDU|5.0|This is the funniest movie you will ever see. It stars TimAllen in a Three Amigos Plot. THe twists and turns in this movie areso funny.
B00000064E|5.0|I realize that most Nick Drake fans feel that 'Bryter Later' or 'Pink Moon' is his best work, but 'Five Leaves Left' will always remain my favorite.  There is only one bad song on the entire album ('Man in a  Shed')--the other 9 are magical and brilliant.  'Way to Blue' is one of the  most crushingly sad songs I've ever heard, 'Saturday Sun' is wistful,  reflective melancholy at its best, and 'River Man' is hauntingly beautiful.   If you love thoughtful, often sad, but always beautiful music, buy this.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This is an extraordinarily good film that makes me remember how great the world really is, because alot of times I get caught up in things and I forget to slow down and smell the roses. I noticed that a few people gave  this movie bad reviews on the basis that some of the events were offensive  and non-realistic. It is not hyper-typical, but certainly not uncommon. I  am an average American 18 year old girl. I have had jobs that I hated, I  masterbate everyday, I smoke marijuana occasionally, I've  fallen in love  with very bizarre boys, I've lusted after other teenage girls... I'm also  very kind and polite. I love my family very much. I volunteer at our local  nursing home. I'm an extremely hard worker. I'm very happy and content. I'm  also very beautiful.
B000002UWF|5.0|The songs contained on this CD are a sort of Greatest Hits The Capital Years. Louis Prima &amp; The Witnesses, which included Sam Butera, a giant in his own right, was one of the &quot;swingest&quot; bands of the 50's.  Although the music contained is from a different time period it has  qualities that are timeless. Louis Prima, who was of Italian desent,  produced many fine albums during his illustious caareer and this CD  contains most of his classics for which he is remembered. With the  exception of one or two songs(&quot;Beep, Beep&quot;, &quot;Twist All  Night&quot;)) all of these tunes are has cool as it ever was. Besides being  uptempo these &quot;cats&quot; could play with a sense of humor. &quot;Next  Time&quot; is one of those songs that cuts across all generations as it  tells a tale of not getting another chance,&quot;you'll go to jail right  now&quot;. The call and responce that Sam Butera and Prima demonstrate is  hilarious, you know that they were having a good time. You will be too  after listening to them. The good times  were being shared by all as Prima  and then wife Keely Smith get into some bantering themselves on a couple of  tracks. I recall my father playing this music always  when I was a kid and  I find it still enjoyable now. Funny thing is my kids also enjoy it and  they are more inclined to alt music, specifically underground punk,ska and  rap. This proves the timeless quality of the music. More than likely you've  heard some of the offerings(&quot;Just a Gigolo&quot;&quot;Jump, Jive and  Wail&quot;) via movies or other artists but these guys are the  originals.One of the interesting aspects of this CD is it captures some of  the spontanaity and fun this group was having. They were on the fast track,  doing the Las Vegas show circuit, having a blast. Sam Butera, the soul of  the Witnesses, is still around and performs at various small venues. I saw  him at an Indian gambling casino, good stuff. It is worth going to see him  as he is a legend. He performs all the classic tracks, a Louis Prima  Revival if you will, he still is going strong for an old dude. Keely Smith  is also around and has tried to revive her career with a CD, don't know if  it is good as I've yet to hear it. If you like this handy collection, (how  can you not?)you should explore the original recordings that were made in  their hey day. Most anything with the word &quot;Wild&quot; is great.  &quot;The Wildest&quot;, &quot;Call of the Wildest&quot; are all excellent  CD.s. I'm lucky enough to have the vinyl editions but CD's are available  that capture the magic of those LV shows. Treat yourself to something old  with a flavor that is forever young.legend. He performs all the classic tracks, a Louis Prima  Revival if you will, he still is going strong for an old dude. Keely Smith  is also around and has tried to revive her career with a CD, don't know if  it is good as I've yet to hear it. If you like this handy collection, (how  can you not?)you should explore the original recordings that were made in  their hey day. Most anything with the word &quot;Wild&quot; is great.  &quot;The Wildest&quot;, &quot;Call of the Wildest&quot; are all excellent  CD.s. I'm lucky enough to have the vinyl editions but CD's are available  that capture the magic of those LV shows. Treat yourself to something old  with a flavor that is forever young.
B000002UAX|5.0|The White Album was arguably the most influetial rock album of all-time musically.  While Sgt. Pepper had the social/cultural impact, plus breaking the rules of rock, the White Album took it a step further, influencing  other musiciains themselves.   The White Album is a sprawling double album  that has absolutely ZERO focus.  It has no conceptual theme, constant  musical style, no constant lyrical style, none of that.  But hell, the darn  thing is brilliant.  One of the obvious standouts about this album is the  huge array of musical styles on this album.  Everything from the rock 'n'  roll of &quot;back in the ussr&quot;, &quot;birthday&quot;,  &quot;everybody's got something to hide except for me and my monkey&quot;,  &quot;savoy truffle&quot;, &quot;why don't we do it in the road?&quot;; to  the folk-rock/country of &quot;i will&quot;, &quot;mother nature's  son&quot;; &quot;don't pass me by&quot; (ringo's debut in songwriting),  &quot;revolution 1&quot;, &quot;rocky racoon&quot; &quot;blackbird&quot;;  to the lovely ballads &quot;Julia&quot;, &quot;dear prudence&quot;,  &quot;goodnight&quot; &quot;long, long, long&quot; (&quot;blackbird&quot;  and &quot;i will&quot; also fall in this category); to the proto-metal of  &quot;helter skelter&quot; (the only song credited to motivating a serial  killer); to the 20's-like swing of &quot;honey pie&quot; and &quot;martha  my dear&quot;; to the slow rock of &quot;sexy sadie&quot;,&quot;while my  guitar gently weeps&quot; (one of harrison's finest), &quot;cry baby  cry&quot;, &quot;I'm so tired&quot;; to the blues of &quot;yer blues&quot;,  and finally, the ska-reggae influenced &quot;ob-la-di, ob-la-da&quot;.   There are also some very unual tracks on here that cannot be put into a  category.  Such as &quot;happiness is a warm gun&quot;, a brillinat,  haunting, three-part song; &quot;the continuing story of bungalow  bill&quot;, an acoustic number w/ a strange story; &quot;glass onion&quot;,  rock n roll w/ orchestration; &quot;piggies&quot;, a political song that  sounds like a bach piece; &quot;wild honey pie&quot;, a very noisy,  strange, and short instrumental; and lennon's most criminally underatted  piece &quot;revolution 9&quot;, a very frightening, nightmarish musical  montage/sound collage.   There honestly is not a song on here that i  dislike.  Some say that it is one disc too long, but i disagree.  The white  album isn't the same w/o the sprawl.  Each track contributes to the album  in its own way.  It really is an incredible album and it shows the beatles  versatility.  Any band that can play any of these styles, that are not  typically used in rock n roll, this well, is an incredible band.  The  Beatles pull it off w/ ease on this.  It is true that most of the songs  were not collaborative efforts in the writing process, but each member  performed!  This may not be the strongest Beatles' LP, but it is probably  my favorite and the Beatles worst songs are another band's greatest songs.
B000004286|4.0|I simply adore this soundtrack! I was first intorduced to it by my ballet teacher, when for a performance, I danced to &quot;For the Love of a Princess&quot;. I enjoyed that song so much, I went out and bought the  whole soundtrack. It is absolutely beautiful music!
B000021XS0|5.0|I first got this album from a friend who had access to advance copies, so even before the world had the opportunity to hear such an incredible work of art, I was already diggin' it.<br />Dream Theater have come back from the outcries of angry fans about the last album, &quot;Falling into  Infinity,&quot; which of course you'll probably know if you're reading  this, wasn't the best CD they've ever recorded.  3 years later, the  greatest progressive metal outfit the music world has ever seen - Dream  Theater - have returned with not only their best offering to date, but one  of the finest pieces of music to emerge in the past decade.<br />&quot;Scenes  From a Memory&quot; is probably the most brilliant concept album I have  ever heard - just next to or a step above &quot;Opertaion Mindcrime&quot;  by Queensryche, of course.  &quot;Scenes&quot; is one of those albums I can  listen to all day, all the way through, and still find new intracacies and  subtle points I didn't notice the previous time I heard it.  New  keyboardist Jordan Ruddess is simply beyond words...all I can say is what  John Petrucci is to guitar, Jordan is to keyboards, and his lush, layered  passages accompany the music so perfectly and beautifully.  His work  especially on &quot;Overture 1928,&quot; &quot;Finally Free&quot; and  &quot;Beyond This Life&quot; are outstanding, to say the least, and seeing  him play live nearly brough a tear to my eye.  But Jordan is just part of  the collective whole that makes DT such an awesome band - they ALL can  really skillfully play their instruments and still know how to rock.  That  skill is invaluable for progressive rock bands, and no one else does it  better than these guys.  <br />The story of a broken love affair, tragedy, and  reincarntion on &quot;Scenes From a Memory&quot; is very sad yet  captivating.  This also has what I think all concept albums should have -  an epic, movie-like feel that flows throughout the album, giving the  listener a sense ofwhat's going on inside the characters minds'.  Again,  this is what &quot;Mindcrime&quot; did so well, but &quot;Scenes&quot;  almost does it better.  And the music is the best part - Dream Theater  haven't created such awesome music since &quot;Images and Words.&quot;   Songs such as &quot;Strange Deja Vu,&quot; &quot;Beyond this Life,&quot;  and possibly my favorite instrumental of all time, &quot;Overture  1928,&quot; are all sure to be classic DT songs, as well as in the world of  progressive metal.  Congrats to DT on a job well done.
B00000K3G8|4.0|Finally they've released some of the great songs from the movie. Thank you  Warner Brothers for sending me this angel of a disc. But the front of my  disc reads &quot;Contains all the songs from the classic movie + seven  previously unreleased live tracks&quot;. Which is it? Not included are  &quot;Cities&quot;, &quot; I Zimbra&quot; and &quot;Big business&quot;.  Which is really too bad because these are excellent songs. Big Business was  not released on any previous study or live album. I wouldn't discourage  anyone from buying this new and expanded Stop Making Sense, but where are  the other songs???
B00003CWRX|2.0|One would presume that, under the helm of Michael Mann, and with the talents of Al Pacino and Russel Crowe (Mann and Pacino having made one of the best films of the nineties, Heat)that The Insider would be as taut,  engaging, engrossing thriller as you could get. However, there simply is  nothing there. The story itself is hardly engaging, telling you facts about  smoking you already knew ( the whole 'mystery' revealed by Crowe that the  film hangs on for the first hour is that cigarettes are actually  harmful)thus we must rely on the acting and directing to pull us through a  so-so story.  Of course, Al Pacino is good. Crowe, however, is hardly  oscar-worthy. He gives a much better performance in LA Confidential or even  Romper Stomper. The fact that the press have billed his performance as 'the  best this year' is quite unfortunate, a burden, even. Characterisation is  thin, we never really learn anything of Wigand's family, or Bergman's (a  strength of Heat, I have to say), and so we're stuck with two potentially  engaging cahracters floundering undeer the weight of a potentially 'huge'  story. There are some good scenes, Pacino chews up soem excellent dialogue,  but as a whole, The Insider is, for me, nothing more that an excellent  director's effort to repeat past masterpieces.
B000009O8A|2.0|The early to late seventies took horror movies to new disgusting highs, one having to outdisgust the last. Don't confuse the &quot;I Spit On Your Grave's&quot; or &quot;Last House on the Lefts&quot; with George Romero's  &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot; (his &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot;  sequel) or even, say, &quot;The Exorcist&quot;. They told great stories,  where the majority of the genre in that era tried to outgross each other,  and in that this movie ranks (pun intended) very high. Only a psychotic  would find any of this move &quot;awesome&quot;. A worthwhile watch maybe.  Disturbing definitely. But there is not cinematic splendor on these reels.  Merely a rape avenged by brutal murder.  Movies like this ignited the chain  reaction of slasher flicks that petered out in the early to mid 80s with  the likes of &quot;New Years Evil&quot;, &quot;My Bloody Valentine&quot; or  even &quot;Terror Train&quot; before being resurrected with the Freddy  Krueger's of the world. This one drew crowds based merely on its gore. This  is not an awesome or great flick, even given the numbness today's society  has to violence, relatively speaking. It is worth watching if only to try  and experience the mind of the director and what was he thinking. A study  in theatrical psychology. I wouldn't recommend watching it at home alone   ladies.
0553277472|5.0|The most common problem that I've heard about this book is that the first few (?) pages are about motorcycle repairs, so readers give up there. Wait!<br />Reading this book opened my life up more than any other experience.  Pirsig's deconstruction of Western philosophy helped my spirit out of a  closed mind that a years of study and churches and alternative experiences  had not.  (not that it holds the charm for everyone)  <br />It might help to  have just a little knowledge of Greek philosophers first.  You could check  an encyclopedia listing for Plato and Socrates?  It is helpful to know that  those two have been very influential in Western history via the school  system.  I mean knowing something of their stature in Western thought may  increase enjoyment of this book<br />Pirsig presents relentless undeniable  logic that you can learn to trust your own judgement, and follow your own  dreams, and everything should be for the best.  I also want to thank Robert  Pirsig for overcoming x,000 years of persecution of quality.
B000002B1M|4.0|Nas has some pretty strong music on this album Th first 7 cut ar good, highlighted by the best Nas song of all time:Take it in Blood (#6). Songs like Blood,Watch dem Niggas, street Dreams, the Message, If I Ruled the World are the perfect example of how untouchable Nas is with decent  production. And the production on these songs is great. We know he's the  best MC already. The rest of the songs on the Cd are okay, but no where  near as good as these songs. Most tracks are hits, but their's a few  misses.
0064400018|5.0|Wolves and panthers and bears roamed the deep Wisconsin woods in the 1860's. But Pa Ingalls preferred to live miles from his nearest neighbors. Pa built a snug log cabin for Ma and his three daughters, Mary and Laura and Baby Carrie. He hunted and trapped and farmed. Ma knew how to make her  own cheese and sugar. At night the wind moaned lonesomely, but Pa played  his fiddle and sang to his little girls.
0380002930|5.0|&quot;Watership Down&quot; is the adventure of a band of rabbits, who set out on their own.  Led by the brave and intelligent Hazel, they search for the perfect place to build a warren.  Fiver, the smallest and most timid, has what humans would call a sixth sense and can foresee the future. Thrown  into the wild, the only thing they have to depend on is each other.  Soon,  they learn to rely fully on their senses and to trust one another.  The  band of rabbits overcomes many dangers, but in the end natural harmony  takes over and everything works out.<br /> The tone that Richard Adams  takes is clearly depicted at the beginning of every chapter.  He gives a  quote from another work of literature to set the mood and give insight into  the chapter.  He takes such close details with this that not a single quote  is out of place.  Adams also brings the rabbits to life by sharing their  myths and language with the reader.  He uses such intricate detail to  describe the lives of rabbits and their surroundings that the reader gets  the know life from a rabbits point of view quite well.  The reader is left  with understanding that Adams brought through in his writing.
B00004TDTO|5.0|The coolest movie ever, on the coolest format ever.
006097625X|5.0|Parents of kids who are into comics ... educators ... law enforcement officers ... ANYONE who deals with kids &amp; teens or ANYONE who's mystified why some adult they know reads comics, this book will change what you thought you knew. I read it as research before reading Japanese comics  as an attempt to better understand a specific group of teens I'm writing  about. I hadn't read many comics ever, beyond Asterix, Tintin, Maus II,  Bloom County, Calvin &amp; Hobbes, Dilbert &amp; Mutts. I thought I knew  what comics were (for children, entertainment, very rarely serious,  simple). I was wrong on every count. For my specific needs, I especially  appreciated McCloud's discussion of manga &amp; it's greatly helped my  subsequent reading of manga. Many of the ideas he discusses--such as  thoughts on the space between panels--are just downright enlightening &amp;  thought-provoking. Just one example for me was his suggestions on how  comics are not something we merely observe but something we become, which  really helped me grasp the appeal. McCloud literally opened a new world to  me, comics, leading me to enjoy them for pleasure, not just one research  project. Perhaps his greatest achievement is that it is his own  book--Understanding Comics--that becomes the very best reason to listen to  McCloud's insistent plea to take comics seriously &amp; give them their  rightful credit. This book is truly outstanding &amp; especially  recommended to those who would scoff.
B00000JCB2|3.0|There were a lot of really cool songs, but there were some that didn't really grab my attention.  Overall the CD is a great source of entertainment.  Though you may like The Hunger more.  If you are a huge Limp Bizkit fan and you don't mind a few lousy songs get this CD.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Mirrorball by Sarah McLachlan is one of the most beautiful and heartfelt albums to ever be released.  The highlight of this finely composed collection of music is the heartwarming melody entitled &quot;I Will Remember You&quot;.  The music on this album soothes the soul, refreshes  the mind, and entices the spirit.  This is a must-have CD.
B00000JCB2|3.0|There were a lot of really cool songs, but there were some that didn't really grab my attention.  Overall the CD is a great source of entertainment.  Though you may like The Hunger more.  If you are a huge Limp Bizkit fan and you don't mind a few lousy songs get this CD.
B0000020C4|4.0|I have the soundtrack of Les Miz already, but I got this one after seeing the show on TV.  Gary Morris is my favorite Jean Valjean and Lea Salonga and Judy Kuhn are wonderful!<br />The encores are absolute showstoppers and  the number with all the international Jean Valjeans was amazing!<br />Les  Miserables is my favorite musical of all time.
B00000JMQE|5.0|I really love this film. I saw it for the first time years ago and recently tracked it down on DVD. This film has a strange effect on me. No matter how many times by now I may have watched it, I never fail to be entranced by the vividness with which Baum's creations are brought to life.  Fairuza Balk is an excellent Dorothy. The supporting characters who join  her on her journey are instantly endearing; Nicol Williamson and Jane March  excellent (and menacing).Then - and this is something I really love about  this film - there's the whole look its set designers came up with:  storybook landscapes and colorful, otherworldly sets that look to the  original Oz books as much as they do to other early 20th C. fantasies as  &quot;Little Nemo&quot;. Imagine if Windsor McCay, creator of &quot;Little  Nemo&quot;, had been able to design a film. This would be it. I can't  recommend this one enough!
0151001820|2.0|I expected more. A lot more. This book was vastly irritating. Here's the short version of my grievances:<br />1/3 of this book is taken up with grating, failed Raymond Chandler-type descriptions of the various facial expressions the main character makes, and how they resemble various  woodland creatures such as rabbits and wolves. All of this nonsense  perplexed me until I looked at the author's picture on the dust jacket. He  looks kind of like a bunny.<br />1/3 of it is taken up with him being menaced  by a shadowy group of sinister RENAISSANCE FAIR TYPES who act out &quot;The  Three Musketeers&quot;. ooo, spooky. I realized about halfway through that  this book was little more than a fancy Nancy Drew mystery. <br />1/3 of it  deals with someone finding a book that summons satan. Not bad, if done  right. Not done right.<br />None of these goofy plot threads have much to do  with each other, and the whole thing comes across as an attempt at an  Umberto Eco book written by a college student.
0783244320|5.0|For all of us die hard Trek fans, sometimes it's difficult to see all the 'spoofs' out there about Star Trek.  Most of them go too far into the ridiculous, and they insult the fans.  But not Galaxy Quest!<br />Galaxy Quest  has just the right amount of 'poking fun' to be absolutely hilarious and a  fun show to watch overall.  You as a Trek fan, (or other sci fi fan) will  enjoy the show and not feel embarrassed or insulted for being a fan of old  Trek.  The show plays on those known behind the scenes problems that  happened between actors on the show... The elevated ego of our favorite  captain, etc.  But again, doesn't get vulgar or rude.<br />Pick this one up,  buy it, you'll love it.  If you're a Trek fan, you'll be laughing out loud.   Who cares if people give you funny looks, now you can watch it in your  home! ;)
B0000399WI|4.0|I think that &quot;The Shawshank Redemption&quot; is a very good movie, though I do not think it is the best movie ever made. But the film is very good, the performances from Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman are excellent, this is an uplifting movie, there are moments in this film that will make  you cheer. Now on to the DVD, I really like this movie so I bought it on  DVD, I was very dissapointed, there are virtually no extra feautures except  a theatrical trailer and a few production photgraphs. With the popularity  of this movie the studio who made this film should have put lots and lots  of extra features on this disc.
0800137884|5.0|FRANCIS COPPOLA DID A WONDERFUL JOB WITH THE CAST OF THIS FILM! GARY OLDMAN HAS PROVED HE IS ONE OF HOLLYWOODS BEST ACTORS. WINONA RYDER IS TRULY BREATHTAKING!  TO ANYONE WHO HAS NOT SEEN THIS MOVIE RENT IT TONIGHT! YOU WANT BE SORRY!   THE SEEN WERE LUCY HAS  RISEN FROM THE GRAVE IN  SEARCH OF BLOOD AND IS FOUND BY VAN HELSING AND THE OTHERS IS VERY  CREEPY!  IF YOU ARE A BIG HORROR FAN LIKE I AM YOU NEED TO PUT THIS  ONE IN YOUR VIDEO COLLECTION.
B00004S369|5.0|I didn't give it an A+ because it isn't as good as his others, but it is excellent nevertheless--just what I expected. My favorite track is &quot;Love Having You Around.&quot; Every fan should have it.
B00003CWPR|4.0|Rather a pity that the US reviewers think the American public such children: the R1 disc seems to contain a number of mysterious men in long dark cloaks standing around during the orgy scenes. These peculiar  intruders are absent from the European edition. Die-hard Kubrick fans and  dribbling pervs who own multi region machines may wish to purchase the R2  disc. Note that the film is not widescreen anamorphic. Bit of a shame but  Stan knows best
0812550706|4.0|I first read the short story that &quot;Ender's Game&quot; the novel is based on a-way back when in college when my roommate foolishly left out an omnibus of Card's short stories while I was attempting to finish writing a paper.  The result was inevitable: I read the story - and fell in  love.<br />Needless to say, I was *thrilled* when the World Fantasy Convention  felt the need to distribute free copies of the novel, complete with a  terribly interesting introduction from the author himself.  However, there  were things to do and places to be, and ultimately I was required to wait  until my father had finished pouring over it to read the thing  myself.<br />The wait was worth it.  Card has beautifully transferred and  expanded his short story to novel form - a difficult feat at best.  He uses  the length well: delving into Ender's home-life, detailing his first games,  playing with threads of philosophy, and keeping the reader absolutely glued  to his seat - even if he already knows the story from reading the  original.<br />Oh, sure, there are a few objections: Mazur's role is  humanised, softened, resulting in a slight loosening of the ending  tensions.  And it would have been nice if Card had lingered just a smidgen  longer on the brother' and sister's plot.  And - the largest objection of  all - the last chapter's introduction of the odd quasi-religion Ender  adopts as the newfound &quot;Speaker of the Dead&quot; is poorly realised,  tacked on, and reeks of its sequel.  (And a word of warning to parents: the  book does deal with some adult issues, and includes a fair amount of  violence.)  <br />But even these objections cannot completely override a  hearty recommendation of Card's classic &quot;Ender's Game.&quot;  Whether  you're a lover of science fiction, fantasy (yes, fantasy - he world-builds  like nothing else), mystery, adventure, or just a fan of good plot in  general -you could do no better than to make &quot;Ender's Game&quot; the  next novel on your bedtable.
0375420525|5.0|I was attracted to House of Leaves because of an article about it in Newsweek. That sent me to this site, where I found the critics polarized: Joe Pro loved it, Joe Shmoe hated it. I had to find out for myself!<br />If you're like me and don't usually use words such as &quot;metafiction&quot;  and &quot;no vivifying center,&quot; I just want to say, the book was a  total hoot. At times trying, yes. But so is Monty Python--I think it takes  that experimental attitude to reach the breakthrough stuff. Contrary to  other reviewers, I found the central narrative genuinely eerie, much more  so than anything I've read by Steven King or Dean Koontz. In some places I  was turning the pages breathlessly. At the same time, I found myself  chuckling with delight at pages that are typeset to match the scenes they  describe. For example, in one scene where explorers are hopelessly lost,  the pages feature dense footnotes in random columns -- some even printed  upside-down, some backwards. As you try to puzzle out what to read next,  you suddenly realize you are experiencing some of the same disorientation  as the explorers. I think this is just plain old fun. The author purposely  interrupts the story in places to frustrate you; saves some of the best  stuff for obscure appendixes (be sure to read the letters from Johnny  Truant's institutionalized Mom); and generally challenges your assumptions  about what a book is supposed to do or be. At the same time, for the most  part he delivers the goods in the old-fashioned narrative sense. <br />So,  yeah, it takes a little work to read, and it's not conventional, and it's  not perfect. But it's ORIGINAL. I'm REALLY glad I bought it. I enjoyed it a  ton, and the emotions of the book continue to resonate with me days after  finishing it. If any of you reading this enjoyed David Foster Wallace's  Infinite Jest, as I did, House of Leaves is simply a must.And, if you are  tired of slick, predictable stories that give you nothing to think about, I  think you should give House of Leaves a chance.
B00003CXDU|5.0|Galaxy Quest is a parody that goes beyond poking fun and making its audience laugh (which it does beautifully).  This is also a movie about a man who doesn't take himself very seriously.  He has  become so absorbed in  the fame of his old television role that he's a real nowhere man, but he  develops sincere love and loyalty for the aliens who have called him into  service and becomes a true leader in a crisis.  I will watch this movie  often because it explores the way in which courage and goodness are basic  and essential human qualities. They exist within us, even when hidden  behind laziness and being inauthentic.These characters find courage, a  courage that grows our of their desire to rescue their beloved alien  friends from danger.  One can enjoy this movie as a spoof.  But it also  invites one to be inspired by the  transformation its characters experience  in the heat of battle and in protecting justice.
B00004RD54|5.0|This album is without question one of the great   Lou Reed albums of the 70s. He is a genius, and it certainly shows on &quot;Rock and Roll Animal.&quot; The songs (especially Sweet Jane, Heroin, and Rock and  Roll)are classics with which most Reed fans are probably already familiar;  for the uninitiated, they shall provide a good introduction to what Lou  Reed is all about. The guitar work on the album is sublime, and the rest of  the band is extremely competent. These traits are the album's greatest  assets--and its greatest failing. <br />For fans who love the raunchy but  sincere Lou Reed guitar sound that defined the sonics of the  Velvet  Underground, as well as his other solo albums, this album is not for you.  It is absent, since all of the guitar work is handled by Steve Hunter and  Dick Wagner. (And who are these guys?) It is almost like hearing the Stones  without Keith Richards. In other words, the music is neutered, although  &quot;nice and tidy.&quot; However, it is still a very worthwhile purchase.
0385484518|5.0|This touching story of friendship, death, and the meaning of life made me think about my own mortality and my relationships with those around me. To all those that have criticised this book I say PHOOEY! You must have no heart to not see the beautiful message that Morrie Schwartz teaches through  Mitch Albom. It made me laugh, cry, and think. I have passed it along to  all my close friends. This is a book that every loving, compassionate  person should read and enjoy.
B000001E3V|5.0|The Fillmore shows of Derek and the Dominos remain among the greatest performances ever documented in rock history. Eric Clapton's guitar work has always been incredibly expressive, but never has it been as searching as it is on this album. Clapton pushes the limits of his own playing to  heights that he never again reached, at least on record. Clapton's playing  is sincere and lyrical, and, amazingly, it is devoid of the self-indulgence  evident in his work with Cream and the lethargy found on his later albums.  If you are wondering why Clapton was considered God by his devotees, look  no further than these Fillmore performances. They are essential.
0440234743|2.0|This books has a fascinating start.  But once the will gets read, it slips slowly down hill.  Half the book -- a trip through the swamp -- is quite boring.  The best character - Josh - never gets developed.  Once again, Grisham makes a legal blunder:  a witness admits in deposition that 4  attorneys paid him $500,000 to testify -- yet, no one files a bar  complaint?  John, wake up, you are a good writer but no one will buy into  that scenario.  This could have been a great book, with a different  direction.  I did like the Christian aspect, just didn't like how we got  there.
630575067X|4.0|A pretty good attempt however I think that Lucas draws too much appeal from the inevitably high level of nostalgia that Star Wars fans have from  growing up with the original trilogy. Much more could have been done with the movie.  The special effects are cool and all but w/o a solid script and  core cast of characters that draw you into the story in a manner that is  independent of the previous movies...ahem...works of art, long time fans  are left with a bit of a sinking feeling.  In short, those who saw the  previous films will enjoy Phantom menace on a totally different level than  the moviegoer who has not.  (provided they realize that the new  installments will never measure up to the institution that is STAR WARS.)   But, in the words of Dennis Miller, &quot;Thats just my opinion, I could be  wrong!&quot;
6303674984|5.0|Our entire family thoroughly enjoyed this movie. We watched it in preparation for our vacation to the battlefield of Gettysburg. At Gettysburg we bought a tape-tour and spent the day reviewing the conflict.  Having watched the movie prior to the visit, the whole battle came to life.  We deeply felt the losses of each side, and developed a gratitude for the  sacrifice of union and confederate soldiers.
0679746048|5.0|This was a REALLY good book. Ms. Kaysen is a wonderful Author. But It was a little graphic at times (the chapter about the checks} but othere then that awesome.<br />If I was Oprah I would put this book on her book club it deseveres to be there.<br />Girl, Interruped A+
B00001OH7T|5.0|One of the most exciting periods in musical history was probably from 74-76, when Rock, Avantgarde and Soul were going into new directions. And it was also Bowie's best period.<br />&quot;Young Americans&quot; is an album  that is usually put on a lower level in reviews. Also Bowie himself does  not seem to appreciate it very much. I think it is maybe not as brilliant  and manifold as his best albums &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot; and &quot;Station  to Station&quot;, but as it represents something completely new, it has the  right to be judged differently. <br />I don't share the opinion that it is  very superficial. When you hear Bowie's voice in tunes like &quot;Somebody  up there likes me&quot; or &quot;Win&quot;, you must get quite the opposite  impression! How can you compare soul and rock, after all? Bowie was at that  time into soul music, which is perfectly reflected on that album. I love  the whole atmosphere and the feeling it conveys about the time when it was  made with all its influences, right on the highly interesting threshold  from soul to disco music. So if you want a Bowie soul/dance album, this is  undoubtedly the best one. The production is brilliant, especially  &quot;Fascination&quot; and &quot;Fame&quot;. <br />The only thing I don't  like so much about that album is the title track, in my opinion the only  weak piece (I like its live versions, though). But it is more  &quot;pop&quot; and not as sophisticated as the other songs. I often just  skip it and go directly to the wonderful &quot;Win&quot;. I was also very  glad to find the two bonus tracks when it was re-released in 1990.  <br />Summary: An underrated album that is much better than usually reviewed,  although it cannot be described as typical for Bowie.
B00003CWOL|2.0|This was a DUMB movie no point ot it at all. A completely A list cat wasted in thie trash of a movie.<br />on dvd no good extras<br />rental only! 1<br />DOgma C-
0783240287|4.0|I love this musical, and saw it several times (including Broadway).  Donny Osmond is arguably an ideal choice for Joseph and this production is visually creative, alive and fun to watch.<br />But if this is one of your  favorite musicals, or you saw it with a strong cast, you will likely be  disappointed by the rest of the casting.<br />Maria Freidman as The Narrator  was clearly a choice based on laurels, rather than vocal strength.  She has  a lovely voice, but it simply doesn't suit the demanding vocal range for  THIS role. If this production was meant to present this musical's best  side, this is where it falls severely short. She's charming to watch, and  in the middle range, her voice is lovely.  But she's not anyone's vocal  ideal for this role. Anyone who says otherwise, obviously hasn't heard all  the other Narrators (Laurie Beechman was my personal favorite).  <br />It's a  fun production regardless, the music is catchy, it's colorful and well shot  (despite the camera moving around so much it can be hard to get a good look  at the wonderful costumes). <br />I love the musical; I'm disappointed, but  happy that I can watch even a B-grade production of it over and over  again.<br />Footnote: if the preview we got from PBS is a true indication of  the upcoming filmed version of &quot;Jesus Christ Superstar&quot;....  expect more casting based on popularity &amp; marketing, rather than vocal  strength.
6305750750|4.0|Well, just sit back open your eyes and ears and enjoy. Best viewd with big screen and a great sound system, but it is allso great with 21&quot; TV. A great film by Lucas, not boring for a second and a well done graphics work.  All in all this movie is worth every dime you think of spending. Do buy the  Wide screen version, the stuff inside is thrilling and is woth a lot more  than payd for. in one word - &quot;I loved it&quot;
B00000JNNY|5.0|I've always loved the song &quot;At Last,&quot; but I never knew who sang it.  I bought the Pleasantville soundtrack last year, simply because that song was on it (Fiona Apple turned out to be a nice surprise -- but that's another review, isn't it?).  When I looked this up on amazon, I hadn't even  realized that Ms. James sang &quot;I Just Want to Make Love to You&quot; --  what a fun, sexy song that is!  And &quot;Stormy Weather&quot; could really  be messed up, but this version is all her own!  However, I must say that my  favorite discovered treasure on this album is &quot;A Sunday Kind of  Love&quot; -- they pretty much don't get any more perfect than this.  One  word of caution:  the only song on this whole album that's a bit grating is  #11, &quot;My Heart Cries.&quot;  Set your CD player to pass it, sit back,  and enjoy...
0441003257|5.0|I discovered this book when I was in middle school and re-read it when I was in college.  Now, years later, it's still one of my favorites.  Tons of people have borrowed my battered copy.  When they see me re-reading it  (something I do at least once a year) and snickering over the jokes, they  can't help but try it for themselves.  I've never found anyone who didn't  like it.
B000020617|4.0|I awaited the new Foo Fighters release with all the panicked urgency of a sick patient hoping for a new kidney. The Foo's previous effort The Color and the Shape replaced virtually every R.E.M. album in my non-stop  playlist,so I was naturally excited to have new material, and though being  basically satisfied, There is Nothing Left to Lose does have more  'by-the-numbers' moments than T.C.A.T.S. Leading off their singles assault  with Learn to Fly was a dubious decision as the song, though immediately  accessable, tires quickly and is easily over-shadowed by the catchier and  infinitely more enjoyable tunes like Stacked Actors, Aurora and Ain't It  the Life.  But the song that will be bandied around as the 'show-stopper'  will arguably be Generator,a fantastic, flawlessly executed rocker that  reeks of ex-Police drummer Stuart Copeland's unique touch. Nate Mendelson's  soaring bass lines in this tune are a wonder to behold, invoking memories  of the hugely underrated work of the Who's John Entwhistle. Overall There  Is Nothing Left To Lose stands easily alongside the eponymous Foo Fighters  first effort, not so much because they sound alike in any way, but because  it is an uneven effort that basically succeeds as a whole.  If you are in  the market to try the Foos, get The Color and The Shape for the ideal  primer. If you want a good, solid alternative rock album with a more raw,  homespun edge, get the first Foo Fighters CD. If you're a hardcore fan  who's wondering whether or not the new one measures up, fear not. Dave and  crew still are the best Rock band working the US today, but be advised,  TINLTL does have a few forgettable tunes in with the gems.
B000002504|4.0|How can one describe Gentle Giant's music?  Progressive rock?  Maybe, but it's clearly their own.  <br />I was first introduced to GG through their album &quot;Free Hand&quot; (another album that I recommend.)  Great counterpoint, odd instrumentation often including xylophones, intricate  vocal patterns and harmony along with pretty good lyrics make this a band  you can't pass up.<br />If you're searching for more than 4-chord rock.  If  you can handle serious musicianship--Gentle Giant is for you.<br />Give it a  try.  Who knows, you might even like it.
0812550757|5.0|The Speaker for the Dead is the best book ever!  This science fiction novel will keep you up all night wanting to know more about what happens.  It the kind of book you just can't put down.  I recommend this to everyone  who likes science fiction whether your read a lot or not.  It's not one of  those boring books that has no action and a dumb plot, it has many  different plots that all tie in together to make one big one.  This is  definately a 5 star book.
1570423970|4.0|While Dr. Weiss's first book, MANY LIVES, MANY MASTERS, was a watershed on the subject of past life therapy, I was most impressed with ONLY LOVE IS REAL.<br />I would be giving away the ending by explaining my rationale, but in this wonderful, quick read, Dr. Weiss has pushed the envelope of  synchronicity beyond mere anecdotal, meaningful coincidence and closer  towards scientific evidence of life after death.<br />That he performs this  feat in the context of a love story is sublime! This book is invaluable to  anyone who wishes to study a scientific case for the existence of  &quot;soul mates&quot; rather than settle for sensational stories which  serve up fancy claims.<br />In ONLY LOVE IS REAL, truth is stranger than  fiction!
B00004STPT|4.0|I must admit, I thought Hans Zimmer and his crew at Media Ventures were a rather strange choice for an epic about ancient Rome.  Zimmer's pop-influenced, synthensizer-driven style of scoring just didn't seem like  it would fit, at least not in my mind.  Well, I have to admit I was  blindsided by this one.  Zimmer's two huge action cues on this album are  riveting, and his brief, punctuating heroic themes are impressively  forceful.  While I'm not sure, I'd say there are more orchestral elements  than usual thrown in with the synths, and the overall sound is nothing less  than epic.  Lisa Gerrard's sections of the score are much quieter, but her  soothing vocal contributions (particularly in &quot;Elysium&quot;) are  gorgeous and no less moving.  Kudos to Zimmer, Gerrard, and company for  crafting a score that is appropriate for the film, yet sounds vastly  different from the traditional score for a Roman epic.
B0000025JT|5.0|Barry Gibb and Barbra Streisand, teamed, are an immeasurable source of beauty and harmony. I first heard this album in 1980, on vinyl - one of the greatest influences passed on from my mother. Now, at 22, it remains as my favourite album of all time - Woman in Love still gives me chills. An  esoteric and gorgeous teaming of beauty and brains.<br />I'd also like to  comment on MarkE's comments on this album: Barry Gibb did a lot more with  regards to this album than wear a tight pair of pants,  though I don't  disagree that he did it well.
0425170349|5.0|That first novel I read by Tom Clancy and after the first pages I knew his books will soon dominate my private library for English books. They style he wrote is quite weird. Sometimes you think: &quot;hey, I could have been  writing that&quot; But Clancy really has a feeling for details that makes  &quot;R6&quot; become something very good to read even for people who's  mother language ain't English (like me). The multi stranded way of telling  many story that melt together into one big story is amazingly well done. At  the beginnig it might a little hard to remember everybodies name and  function.  As soon as everything goes together the book ties you into your  chair and doesn't let you go until you finished. By the way, don't let your  self be scared away by those 897 pages because you will be through them  even earlier as you actually want.
0679720200|5.0|This novel came highly recommended by a friend. I bought it at a used book store, fearing  the worst and then regretting paying full price for a work of trash.<br />Boy, was I wrong! The Stranger is one of the best books I've ever devoured. Albeit, it could have gone into more detail, given the story  and the characters more 'meat', however, I can't complain about it's  poignant quality.<br />Mersault: Idiot?  Victim?  Extraordinary?  This is  left up to the reader to decide, which I loved.  Mersault's actions made me  think of the isolation that comes with being different and indifferent.  Mersault did not CHOOSE to be indifferent, he was naturally.  Or so I  assume, because there never was an explanation for his decidedly rotten  behavior toward the people close to him.<br />I think this book's length was  a factor in letting the reader make their own judgements regarding Mersault  and his place in the theories of nihilism and existentialism. I STILL,  after having read the book months ago, haven't made a definite decision.  Hopefully, the conclusion won't come any time soon. I'm enjoying mulling  the story over in my mind and talking about it with my book-loving friends.<br />I recommend this book to anyone who is beyond the idle fluff of such  writers as Dean Koontz and Jackie Collins. Feed your brain some oxygen.  You'll never think the same way about life again. ...
006092988X|5.0|Betty Smith takes us back to the early 1900's (1912) where Francie Nolan grows up in Brooklyn in abject poverty.  Her mother, who loves Francie's brother, Neely, better, works to support the family, while their endearing yet alcoholic father staggers though Francie's early life, giving her more  support through out his weak life, than her mother's strength, because he  truly loves her.  To me, this is an amazing story of true life in the early  1900's among emigrants and others, like Francie's family, who consider  themselves true &quot;American's&quot;, because her parents were born in  America, making Francie the only one in her class in school &quot;a true  American&quot;.  Hard to find a great deal of humor, but easy to find an  amazing family story as good today as when it was published.  I recommend  this to everyone and plan to make sure my grandchildren read it - hopefully  with me- to explain a generation they cannot imagine, but certainly did  exist (and probably still does).
0060930187|5.0|(I'm writing this review years after first reading TBJ, and am not quite as worked up as I  was years ago.)<br />Unlike many other readers of Sylvia Plath, I read The Bell Jar as part of a class assignment in grade 12,  discovering her prose before her poetry. My first impression of Plath's  only novel was one of awe. It's simple style and detached narration make it  memorable in that it doesn't muddle the subject matter with melodramatic  statements or situations.<br />Sylvia Plath writes of her descent into  insanity with such coolness and ease, that it is utterly difficult to see  where she actually feels the Bell Jar starting to close in on her. Herein,  Plath deftly blurs the line between reality and madness.<br />Anyone who is  interested in a classic story, one that is touching and poignant, read The  Bell Jar. No other novel I have read so well explicates the human condition  as this one does. Wow.
078322804X|5.0|First, I'd like to say that I consider The Blues Brothers to be the greatest movie of all time. No other film has so masterfully blended side-spliting comedy, high speed action, and great music. Now, about this  DVD. Everyone who is a fan of this movie needs to get this. There's about  15 or so minutes of extra footage in the movie. There's a whole new scene  where you see Elwood quit his job. Very cool! There's a wonderful making of  special with interviews of Dan Aykroyd, John Landis, most of the Blues  Brother Band, and many others. I beg you! Don't pass up the chance to own  this treasure!
0425152251|1.0|It's supposedly about a girl searching for the meaning of life, at the same time corresponding with an anonymous mentor. But it's really just a backdrop for the author's knowledge of philosophy. Reads like a Phil 101  textbook.<br />It was a rehash of basic theories. Blah. He wove this cheap  girlish teen-squeal mystery story  around all the crap to make it look like  a novel.<br />Now that I got that out of my system: This book was a poor  excuse for a novel. A mere showcase and mediocre backdrop for the author's  regurgitation of the history of philosophy. Did he once inject his own  philosophic views?  Made me think of a piece of lint set against black  velvet: Absolutely nothing outstanding.<br />Basically rehashing a basic  textbook run, it's as if he were trying to convince himself that the money  he spent on phil 101 wasn't a waste by cutting and pasting this awful story  together. What a slapdash and muddy work of garbage!<br />I'm sorry I bought  it. If you're up for a heavy dose of melatonin and a night of rolling your  eyes in dismay, read Sophie's World. If not, do the laundry or sacrafice a  chicken. And don't  forget to pretend you're doing a good job of it, too.
B000002U82|3.0|For the record this album is rather impressive and does have it moments, ie Money and Brain Damage but really, comparing Floyd to Zeppelin is really rather odd. I enjoy this album from time to time to be sure but this group  never once produced an album worthy to stand next to Zoso or Physical  Graffiti. Pink Floyd is good but they do not deserve the near godlike  status that they are given so frequently.
0440219078|4.0|The Giver is  a futuristic tale that demonstrates to the reader a possible approach to a utopian society.  It clearly illustrates that the loss of freedom in such a society is a trade off for  &quot;perfection.&quot;  Creativity is a threat instead of valued. Longevity is inappropriate.  Thinking is not allowed. <br />This book is an outstanding tool for the  individual reader and the middle school classroom. The projects and  discussions are endlessly possible, completely the opposite of the  existence of the people who populate this novel.
6303675255|3.0|Batman Forever certainly doesn't measure up to the first two, but Batman fans would agree that this one still is quite good. Val Kilmer is no Michael Keaton but he is still good Batman. Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carey  are wonderful additions as Two-face and The Riddler. The new stylized look  mixed in with the old dark look makes Gotham look cool. The only flaw  probably is Micaheal Keaton's absence as Batman. But as I said Val kimer is  good. Also Robin's entrance is put in well.
0060207051|5.0|Repetition is an essential criteria in developing language skills in young children. This  enchanting and lovable book offers objects and life to acknowledge at each bedtime.  The best stories for young children are simple and colorful. This book provides all that. Each  time the story is  read and reread, new  discoveries are made within its pages.  I know  because I still have the copy that was given to me as a young child. I read  it with my own son who is now in college. A gem!  I can look at it today  and think, &quot;How wonderful ! Someday I'll be sharing it with  grandchildren !&quot;
B00003CXDV|5.0|This film shows the world of Sci-fi as it really is, a hokey slapstick universe of make believe, that we, well ok, some of us, buy into on a weekly basis and love.  Its funny, its exciting... be prepared...
0307155102|5.0|This delightful &quot;thematic dictionary&quot; is definitely required reading for parents and children. It provides pictures and words to most every situation a young child encounters.  From &quot;the new day,&quot;   to the zoo, to school, to things we do, this invaluable and fun  learning  tool is a must for young children and their parents.
0671027344|5.0|this book was so good!  The way that stephen chbosky brings out the character Charlie is so relative to me.  I'm about the same age as Charlie and a lot the things that he experiences are easy to understand.  I think  that if you have an open mind to young people or is a young person you  should really read this book.  My english teacher ordered a lot of them for  his class and just about everyone has over read the assignment he gives us.  I think that this book with really help you understand a lot about the  young audience and the things that they go through.
B000002OVJ|5.0|I am glad to see the rerelease of this album, along with several tracks that were unaccountably missing from the earlier version. The Who were touted as the &quot;greatest live rock n' roll band&quot;, and this album  is the best indicator of that for somebody curious about what the fuss was  about. This album puts the lie to the usual axiom that a band doesn't sound  as good live as they do in studio -- the Who sound *better* live. For some  people, this may be too raw an album, but I love it.<br />My favorite tracks  are &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot;, &quot;Fortune Teller&quot;,  &quot;Tattoo&quot;, and &quot;Amazing Journey/Sparks&quot;. This album is  best listened to loud, on a good stereo system, to do it justice. If you  can't do that, then maybe listen to it with headphones. Anything to get a  proper sense of the manic intensity of the band. Some of the songs may seem  dated or quaint, but they are delivered with such power and punch, they  remain fresh.<br />On &quot;Leeds&quot;, they're in top form as a live act, at  the height of their powers. Along with the MC5's &quot;Kick Out the  Jams&quot;, I'd consider this an essential live album for any rock  enthusiast's collection.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Mature, Intelligent, Thought-Provoking, Controversial, and intense.  &quot;Dogma&quot; truly shows that director Kevin Smith isn't a kid anymore.  He isn't going for the easy joke or the vulgar comment (which can  be very funny, I must admit).  His recent cinema adventure is really  couragous.  He had to know he was going to get major crap about his movie,  but what everyone didn't know is how smart he is and what a wonderful  script this is.  It isn't about bashing the Catholic Church.  Not at  all....in fact, I have a feeling he educated MANY on the Church. <br />The  cast is very strong in many areas.  Ben Afflect, Matt Damon, Alan Rickman,  Chris Rock, and Linda Fiorentino, and Jason Lee (who I always want to have  larger parts) are very good and well worth the price of the DVD alone.   But, it's Jay and Silent Bob that are the biggest and positive surprise.   FABULOUS!   Absolutley priceless.  <br />I applaud Kevin Smith for taking a  chance and trying something different.  This is a mature film with many  levels.  It's intelligent and it works for me.  Two Thumbs Up!
B000005IS1|5.0|I love this album. I'd heard about the MC5 over the years, but never listened to them. I thought, &quot;oh, well the Stooges came from Detroit, so why would I want to listen to another Detroit band?&quot; I wish I'd had this album when I was a teenager, because it absolutely rocks. You can see how much influence these guys had on punk, years later. The raw, fuzzy, crunchy power of this band just blows my mind, no matter how many times I listen to it.<br />It is a live album, but something like this just couldn't be replicated in a sanitized studio. I'm reminded a little of the Who's &quot;Live at Leeds&quot;, another great live album, except, as powerful as &quot;Leeds&quot; is, I have to concede that this one has it beat. Maybe not as tuneful, but willfully, gleefully over the top. I imagine the MC5 utterly toasted, sweating buckets, and blazing away with the amps bouncing on the stage before the avalanche of drum fills and rollicking guitar riffs.<br />My favorite songs are the title track (complete with expletives), &quot;Ramblin' Rose&quot;, and &quot;Rocket Reducer No. 62 (Rama Lama Fa Fa Fa)&quot;. Forget Seattle flannel-laden angst -- you want true grunge, listen to these guys. Then go pick up a guitar and start your own band!
6303430570|5.0|The birth of Jay and Silent Bob. That's almost enough, but you're given the most HILARIOUS script, debut directing brillance by Kevin Smith and an amazing cast that makes it seem so easy.  This coming from a bunch of  &quot;newbies&quot; who had never seen a movie set before.   &quot;Clerks&quot; is and always be one of the greatest ever.  The New  Jersey Trilogy started off with a bang and you just come back for more.   It's a CLASSIC in every sense.  The basic storyline revolving around Mr.  &quot;I'm not even suppose to be here today&quot; Convenience Clerk is  genius.  Each action leads to an even more hilarious resolution.  TOO  FUNNY!   Kevin is brilliant!
B000002UB2|5.0|I read somewhere years ago (back when i didn't really pay attention to the Beatles) that everyone is a Beatles fan some just don't know it yet. In my naivety I had thought that it was a pretty bold statement, I didn't care how good the music was. After hearing Abbey Road once I was blown away. A  tapestry of ideas, much moreso than Sgt. Peppers, It stands the test of  time. From the light hearted &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; to the slightly  sexy &quot;I Want You,She's So Heavy&quot; each track offers something  different, and in 1969 it was deeper and more boss than anything out there.
B000002LGQ|5.0|I do not consider myself to be a Modonna fan, but I feel in love with this spectacular album.  Everything from the whimsical ballad &quot;Cherish&quot; to the powerful &quot;Like a Prayer&quot; is 5-star  rate material.  This album is a successful departure from her more  &quot;bubble-gum&quot; phase of such gems as &quot;Causing a  Commotion,&quot; &quot;True Blue,&quot; and &quot;Borderline.&quot;
B00002MHS1|5.0|This is one of the best offerings by the band named Traffic, with the re-mastering of this import version the music is even clearer and more to what one would think the band was trying to get out to the public. The re-mastering here doesn't have the usual harsh tinny/bright sound that has ruined many remastered efforts, not just by this bands but many many others.<br /> Included on this reissue is an extra track not on the original vinyl called &quot;Sittin' here thinkin' of my Love&quot;. Also included is a selection of two live songs from the Fillmore East recorded in 1970 after the fall of Blind Faith and Ginger Baker's Air Force which included Rick Grech on bass which actually fills out the sound much better than previous live offerings wherein the band had toured prior with only organ/flute/drums. This gives the listener/fan an oppurtunity to hear the band as a four piece prior to the Low spark/Shoot out ensembles of six to eight members, definently an added pleasure rather than an effort to get more &quot;product&quot; to the buying public.<br /> Overall the time taken to re-master the album, give detailed liner notes and also include the original gatefold sleeve inner picture of the band as a three piece as well as other pics of the period are just fantastic. This version is highly recommended to all Traffic fans and even more so to the newly initiated listeners.
B000003S2K|5.0|This is by far one of the most relaxing CDs I've ever heard.  Soothing humming and a light piano actually do make you feel as if you are flying.  If you feel stressed, this is an excellent CD to use in calming yourself  down.  It's not the most rich, multi-layered soundscape ever created, but  its simplicity is highly effective.  It really does clear your mind of  worry.  I recommend it.
B00002MHRW|5.0|Of all the bands and albums of late that have been given the re-mastering treatment no band has deserved this more than Traffic regardless of the incarnation that you care for(1st incarnation w/D.Mason constantly acting as the revolving door, or 2nd incarnation wherein Winwood/Capaldi/Wood were the remaining core). Of all of the catalog, either Mr. Fantasy, which is a true masterpiece of the period or the &quot;Traffic&quot; self-titled second album, are highly recommended over the current American label offerings.<br /> The Remastering of the first two albums was done with such care as to not sound to bright or harsh as digital processing has a tendency to do. &quot;Heaven is in your mind&quot;, &quot;Dear Mr. Fantasy&quot;, &quot;We're a fade you missed this&quot;, &quot;Smiling phases&quot; and &quot;Coloured rain&quot; all open up aurally as never before heard. The sharpness of the guitar passage in 'Mr. Fantasy' especially are worth the price of the listen. Jim Capaldis' drum kit also sounds more forward in the mix than previous offerings, but the nicest suprise is the general ambience or nuances that were originally recorded into the mix but which were lost to the original vinyl releases not to mention the waste of time straight transfer disc offerings that record companies always seem to offer first.<br /> The contributions of four musicians can be clearly heard throughout instead of mush with Steve Winwood clearly crying to be heard over the mix.<br /> Buy this and the other import remasters to hear what was really a step ahead in modern music for the times.<br /> As an added bonus this particular disc offers both the original English version which was in stereo and the original American version of the album which was in Mono. Rock On.
B00003CWL5|5.0|buy it.<br />look closer.<br />find yourself looking back.<br />not a film for the weak of mind and the quick to judge.<br />let yourself find yourself<br />dance with the bag,<br />fear being ordinary,<br />bring your secrets to light.<br />look  through the lens to seperate yourself<br />loose yourself in being anything  but what you are.<br />stop and enjoy the roses.<br />american beauty.<br />(if this  doesn't make sense, see the movie.)
6303430570|1.0|&quot;I made a broad generalization.&quot;....&quot;No, you made a generalization about broads.&quot;  Atrocious puns like this have inexplicably been mistaken by many critics for articulate and witty  dialogue in this laughably bad piece of trash from Kevin Smith.  This is  also sometimes viewed as a look at the culture of the mid-1990s. The most  mid-1990s-ish thing about it is its lousy attempt to copy that fast-paced  dialogue of an early Tarantino film like Resevoir Dogs.  C'mon, did anyone  really laugh at the thing about the Death Star?  Ugh.  To add insult to  injury, this movie is atrociously acted.  A whining, nasal character named  Dante who maintains the same weird, irritating intonation throughout the  movie, his dope friend who literally can not act ONE BIT, and the dumb  characters outside, including Smith himself, who try so hard to be funny,  but aren't.  This movie just stinks. Sorry to all those who love it.
0767840135|5.0|Having watched two previous productions on                                video(Nouvelle experience, Saltimbanco), I can honestly                                say that Quidam has to be the most visually and artistically                                 stunning of the three.<br />                                Unlike the first two, annoying camera angles and effects are                                 kept to a bare minimum, except for the German Wheel  act.                                Also, the quality of the tape itself  (image and sound) is                                superior and comes in  nice clamshell packaging. <br />                               I will not  bother decribing the acts when much will be lost                                 in the translation anyway and the wonder and magic can                                 only really be appreiciated visually in a show or on video.                                 However, I will say this. These current group  of performers                                touring Europe having got to  be the finest I have seen.                                There is really  no substitute for perfection and this is the                                 one of the more impressive aspects of this show. While                                 other shows have employed the use of safety devices (                                 don't get me wrong, I'm all for safety), this troup has  the                                confidence and competence to execute  their amazing stunts                                mostly without the use  of any saftey apparatus. Maybe the                                degree of  difficulty might be a factor, but being propelled                                 upwards in the air and ending up in a handstand position on                                 top of a 3 man human pyramid is just incredible.<br />                                More impressive is the way all the acts are  choreographedto the haunting and  mesmerizing music composed by Benoit                                Jutras.  From the majestic opening, to the cheeky skipping                                 rope act and the acrobates in Banquine, the acts are                                 performed to the music beat for beat. I very often wonder                                 whether the acts are choreographed to the music,  or the                                music is composed to fit in with the  acts. Or maybe a                                combination of the two  perhaps? Anyway, no matter how it                                was done,  it's just pure magic.<br />                               I really haven't got  a bone to pick about Quidam even after                                 having watched it about twenty times. I guess this is one                                 advantage of owning the video, you can watch it over and                                 over and over again...
B000009VOL|5.0|This is a powerful album in unexpected ways and it's my favorite Cat Power CD. This album is rich with emotional intelligence and stirs the listener. It's meditative and reflective. Chan reminds me most of PJ Harvey when I think of the stripped down emotional power of the songs, and reminds me of John Lennon or Leonard Cohen when I think of the themes of joy and sadness interlocked--acceptance of the two together. Chan is exploring her memories and her feelings. The lyrics are very &quot;down to earth&quot; and honest in a simple intuitive way that seems uncommon in music. If you want to dim the lights and fire up the candles this is a good album for that. Heck, do fall asleep to it, you will dream sweetly.
B000005H4H|4.0|This music stands up well after more than thirty years.  It is essentially the Miles Davis rhythm section of the time--Hancock, Ron Carter, Tony Williams--along with George Coleman and Freddie Hubbard.  If you like Wayne Shorter's &quot;Speak no Evil&quot; or the Miles Davis groups of the early  1960s, you will probably like this album as well.  Williams and Hubbard are  particularly brilliant here.  The title cut and &quot;Dolphin Dance&quot;  are my favorites.
B00000K19E|5.0|Wow, this is a movie that no one should miss. I have seen this movie 6 times but want to see it again and again, the more you see this, the more you will understand the logic behind the movie. Larry Wachowski,  Congratulations on such a great masterpiece. I am looking forward to seeing  THE MATRIX 2.
0440178002|3.0|My father never gets to read books. When he does, he takes this old battered copy of Shogun and reads it, reareads it, immersing itself in it: you know, like the old saying about the difference between good books and  great: the great you want to visit again and again.<br />So perhaps it was  with too many expectations that I started reading this book. But when you  finish reading, you have to admit that though the boundries are great,  saga-like, the story doesn't manage to fill this great framework, and from  the middle on it tends to be long and frustrating; that although the  Japanese philosophy is intriguing, the harsh rules everyone seem to act by  leave no room for real, burning emotions, and lusts you can identify  with--see that pale love story; that though I personaly came out wanting,  wishing, dying to know more of these affairs (which are, my dad claims,  REAL,) I would certainly not read Shogun again.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This album is all about pain and love. It is in true Manson style and outlines more of his love life than it ever has in previous albums. It also talks about a dream that Marilyn has had. The CD has alot of references to drugs, but mainly not in a bad way. I do have to say though that it is  nowhere near as powerful and over-taking as the last album,  &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot;, but it is still brilliant all the same.  Over all, its a great CD to listen to at all times, and especcially good  for a broken heart!
0880389052|5.0|RA Salvatore is very prolific, and this book is certainly the best of the Drizzt books that I read.  The setting and story are innovative and compelling, and the characters crafted and interesting.  A book I could not put down.  However, buyer beware...after reading this first book, you will  want to continue with the others.  The rest of this trilogy is good, though  not up to the standard of the first work.  Beyond that point, the Drizzt  books become formulaic and uninteresting.  You will get your D&amp;D  monsters and sword swinging, but not much more...
0380002930|5.0|When I was 10 years old, my Aunt Betty read this book to me. I would sit on her living room couch after school and listen intently to the adventures of Hazel-rah and Fiver and this mighty band of... yes, rabbits.  Now, a  grown woman of 35, I have the opportunity to travel for my work and often,  while on the plane, I'll chat with fellow travelers about where they live,  their interests and of course, their favorite books.  In all the  conversations I've had, NEVER ONCE has anyone who has read Watership Down  NOT stated, without being prompted, that is was without a doubt, their  absolute favorite book.  It's mine too, I have read it again and again over  the years and each time, I am captivated by the excitement, the discovery  and the growth of these rabbits.  With each read, I do believe I grow just  a little myself.  Thank you, Aunt Betty, for reading this beautiful book to  me, that very first time, so many years ago...
0380713802|3.0|As a fan of the other Bill Bryson books, I was disappointed by this one.  It really appeared to me that Bryson took this trip because he wanted to relive the wonder of his first youthful European trak without really realizing how much he had changed.  He still offers funny anecdotes but he  clearly did not connect with many Europeans and his sarcasm was not  tempered with much genuine enjoyment of his experience.  I would have been  just as happy for him to have spent his summer in England with his family  and simply used his extraordinary ability to tell stories about his daily  life!
B00003A9QI|5.0|Being raised in a home that included music on a daily basis (father is a composer/arranger)has always made me 'aware' of what I hear and in particular, the score I hear behind a particular movie.  Rachel Portman's  score affected me like no other I've heard in a long time (not since  &quot;Schindler's List&quot; and even that was on a totally different  plane).  In fact, in just the first few seconds of the film (as the opening  credits were running), I leaned over to the person I was with and said  &quot;What beautiful music!&quot;  I purchased the CD shortly thereafter  and it just so happens that the day it arrived, I was going through a  particularly difficult time.  All I can say is that as soon as I began  listening to it, I was immediately 'centered'.  Ms. Portman's score evokes  such emotion in me and the fact that she can use the time-honored technique  of taking a recurring 'theme' and make it project every emotion from  happiness to sadness, places her at the top of my list.  THAT is truly  'talent'.  I have recommended this CD to everyone and told them that I  doubt I could ever tire of listening to it.  BRAVO!
0790729105|5.0|Hmmm...let's see... a very clever, crafty storyline,...eye-stunning animation,...very witty visual gags...really cool characters, including our classic old friends from the Looney Tunes and the the world's best  basketball player ever to be born and carefully nurtured...with a few  really bold gross-out shots thrown in ... and all mixed together...YOU GET  SPACE JAM!  You will never see your most favorite WB characters the same  way again - they are animated far more graphically than they had ever been  in their old cartoons of the Golden Age. Included are the new characters  like the cigar-chewing Mafia boss from Mars with his very tall and muscular  &quot;Monstars&quot; basketball players and Lola Bunny who hates to be  called &quot;doll&quot; and then acts like a doll, much to Bugs Bunny's  delighted, heart-thumping infatuation. Oh, and don't forget a very round  nerdball that looks just like he finally escaped being eaten alive by a  fan-faced dinosaur at Jurassic Park, too! Oh, you will truly thrill at such  a zany, bumpy-bouncing space adventure amusement park ride with all your  god-witnessed heroes, both live action and animated alike!
0441172717|5.0|This is a very intersting novel. I really enjoyed reading this book. I don't like reading books, but this one will keep you turning pages. I've allready started on the second book. I do (however) reccomend watching the movie first. It will make it alot easier to understand. But! other than  that. it's a really good book!
B000002B35|1.0|The creatively and (by this point) morally bankrupt Pink Floyd stagger ahead.  With the black light poster market effectively cornered by them and Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd have, as of 2000, released three live albums in the past twelve years.  Three of their last five records have been live  albums.  I suppose if you want yet another version of Run Like Hell to go  with the other four (The Wall, Delicate Sound of Thunder, Is There Anybody  Out There, and the new DVD of The Wall), go ahead.
6301767772|2.0|Ok, now time for this third Rambo-rewiew (as you might have seen Ive also rewiewed Rambo 1 and 2) on Rambo 3, a movie that maybe should have been called &quot;First Blood 3&quot;, or &quot;Third Blood&quot; :)<br />The story  begins with Trautman, Rambos old Vietnam officer, looking him up in a  foreign country. Rambo is fighting a brutal, long-haired beast for money, a  fight that he wins, of course. Trautman sees Rambo leaving in about just  after giving away the money he won. Trautman instead finds Rambo in some  sort of Buddhist-camp where he has at last found piece. Trautman wants  Rambo to go with him on one last mission in Afghanistan. Rambo refuses (My  war is over...) and instead Trautman goes solo. <br />But when Rambo hears  that Trautman has been captured by (the same enemy as in First Blood 2) the  extremely evil russians. Rambo goes to Afghanistan to look for Trautman.  There he meets a man named Moussa Khanin who takes Rambo to his camp where  he meets the army of the Afghanistan freedom fighters. An annoying kid  bothers Rambo and wants his stuff (yeah, like Rambo could be without his  knife? :) but Rambo want give it to him. Good!<br />Rambo participates in some  sort of game involving horses and what appears to be a dead sheep (!) just  before they are attacked by russians! Oh, no! The russians, among them the  super-russian-villian himself, kill loads of brave Afghanistans. Rambos  anger grows... <br />Rambo Moussa Khanin, and the annoying kid I was telling  about infiltrates the russin camp. They sneak around and plant bombs (you  know, the usual stuff). Rambo tries to rescue Trautman but fails, but it  doesnt matter, because later, after meny shoot-outs and explosions, they  run away. The russians trace them but Rambo has his tricks. Trautman also  get a change to &quot;stretch his stuff&quot;.<br />In the end, Rambo and  Trautman alone is faced with an entire Russian-army. The  super-villian-russian-madman wants them to give up, but giving up is not a  part of Rambos vocabulary. They start fighting the Russians, and the  Afghanistan freedom fighters also show up and help our heroes. Rambo jumps  into a tank and penetrates the super-evil-russian-leader with loads of  machine gun bullets while flying in his helicopter. Goodbye, Mr. Russian!  Trautman and Rambo are okay, they thank the Afghanistans and the movie ends  somewhere around here.<br />To be honest, this is the worst one of the three  movies, not to be said that its bad. It tends to be boring (like First  Blood 2 never was). The whole beginning where Trautman tries to convince  Rambo in fighting again is to long. There is no real &quot;emotional  scene&quot; like in the two Rambo-films that came before. The original  &quot;First Blood&quot; had the best soft scene, while &quot;First Blood  2&quot; had one, not as good, but it had one. My fdavorite scenes is when  Rambo kicks the big, strong, bearded russian (the super-villians henchman)  into a hole in the ground - just before he explodes! On other scene that I  like is when Trautman is interrigated by the super-russian-leader-villian (  Villian: &quot;Who do you think this man (Rambo) is? God? Trautman:  &quot;No...God would have mercy...he wont&quot;). Trautman has always got  good things to say and this was maybe his best. Excellent!<br />But other than  that, the movie disappoints me. I give it two stars, but not more than that  (Rambo 3 is dedicated &quot;To the brave people of Afghanistan&quot;. How  cute!)
B00004SVID|5.0|It's difficult not to think of The Wall as a direct descendent of The Who's Tommy. Tommy is an autistic staring into a mirror. Pink is a catatonic staring into a television. Smash the mirror; tear down the wall (both to similar effect). And so forth. Plagiaristic tendencies aside, The Wall remains one of the most relevant concept pieces ever conceived, even 20 years along. Thematically rich on many levels, it towers intellectually over anything attempted before in Rock (or since) and presents, in effect, a modern existentialist manifesto on the alienation of modern life and the great divide between artist and audience in mass-marketed, commercialized entertainment (or something like that). The live show that followed the album release broke all the rules of what could be staged at a rock concert. Not just cheesy spaceships or trippy light displays were employed; the visuals for The Wall were integral to the concept unfolding onstage. The few shows that were performed (a total of just 29; only 2 U.S. cities witnessed the event, New York and Los Angeles) have become the stuff of legend as no production-quality footage of the concerts exist (for a larger-scaled facsimile look for the excellent 'Roger Waters - The Wall Live in Berlin 1990' on video).<br />This impressive 2-cd package presents for the first time the concert in its entirety, apparently by piecing together the finest performances from the 1980 and 1981 Earl's Court, London productions. Sonically, the collection sounds fantastic, immediately raising suspicions of overdubbing. However, I think the sound quality can be justly attributed to the extensive mixing equipment utilized at the shows (some 106 input channels were used) not to mention current mastering technology. Fans dreading a rote recreation of the studio experience have nothing to fear. Unlike other bands of the same period, Pink Floyd were not interested in miming their material note for note as heard on vinyl. As a result, the arrangements are perceptively different with more fills, extended solos, and a minimum of prerecorded material (limited to dialogue/sound effects and orchestral elements). Longer intros and codas also serve to flesh out the renditions. The lyrics stay true to those documented in the studio, although 'The Show Must Go On' reinstates the 'lost first verse' left off of the original recording. Other surprises include strains of Vera Lynn's 'We'll Meet Again' opening the show as well as a faux-MC introduction which has a mirror-image counterpart presenting the 'Surrogate Band' on Disc 2. Especially satisfying is Roger Waters' enthusiastic, scene-stealing introduction to 'Run Like Hell' (delivered in character). This release contains 2 tracks not found on the studio version ('What Shall We Do Now' and 'The Last Few Bricks') which the packaging refers to as 'previously unreleased bonus tracks' - absurd considering the fact that the entire concert was unreleased until now. Although the songs fit in nicely alongside their studio counterparts, their inclusion will not signify any Holy Grail to fans as the former can be heard in Alan Parker's film (the lyrics were also included with the original album packaging despite it's absence) and the latter is merely an instrumental medley rehashing some of the themes already heard thus far in the performance.<br />The deluxe 'Limited Edition' version of this package with its handsome hardback book insert is certainly the more enticing purchase if you can find it on sale; for what you get, the list tag is a bit exorbitant. At that price, one can only assume that Sony/Columbia is attempting to market to the same demographic that is willing to purchase 'Pink Floyd' albums from which the name 'Roger Waters' is conspicuously absent from the credits.perceptively different with more fills, extended solos, and a minimum of prerecorded material (limited to dialogue/sound effects and orchestral elements). Longer intros and codas also serve to flesh out the renditions. The lyrics stay true to those documented in the studio, although 'The Show Must Go On' reinstates the 'lost first verse' left off of the original recording. Other surprises include strains of Vera Lynn's 'We'll Meet Again' opening the show as well as a faux-MC introduction which has a mirror-image counterpart presenting the 'Surrogate Band' on Disc 2. Especially satisfying is Roger Waters' enthusiastic, scene-stealing introduction to 'Run Like Hell' (delivered in character). This release contains 2 tracks not found on the studio version ('What Shall We Do Now' and 'The Last Few Bricks') which the packaging refers to as 'previously unreleased bonus tracks' - absurd considering the fact that the entire concert was unreleased until now. Although the songs fit in nicely alongside their studio counterparts, their inclusion will not signify any Holy Grail to fans as the former can be heard in Alan Parker's film (the lyrics were also included with the original album packaging despite it's absence) and the latter is merely an instrumental medley rehashing some of the themes already heard thus far in the performance.<br />The deluxe 'Limited Edition' version of this package with its handsome hardback book insert is certainly the more enticing purchase if you can find it on sale; for what you get, the list tag is a bit exorbitant. At that price, one can only assume that Sony/Columbia is attempting to market to the same demographic that is willing to purchase 'Pink Floyd' albums from which the name 'Roger Waters' is conspicuously absent from the credits.
0792842723|5.0|Goldeneye rules, a movie with a lot of action and excitment, more explosions than Tomarow Never Dies and more action than Dr.No and a great villian, Alec Treveliyan, ranking #2 on my favorite villian list behind  Fransisco Scarinova From The Man With The Golden Gun
B00003CXDV|5.0|I saw this one in the theatre. Split my sides laughing. Bought the DVD. Split my sides laughing. It now joines my very small, and very selective collection (which includes, among others, &quot;Office Space,&quot;  &quot;The Matrix,&quot; &quot;Election,&quot; and &quot;Drop Dead  Gorgeous&quot;).<br />This is one to buy.
B00004SVIK|5.0|Of course.... Almost anyone that would find themselves in this section of Amazon.com is a fan of Pink Floyd on some level. Some more than others. Nearly all of us fans has The Wall on CD, not to mention we once had it also on cassette and even vinyl. Why do we need it again? The answer is  simple; Pink Floyd was at its' best in front of a live crowd. Certainly, we  do already  have live copies of Comfortably Numb, Run Like Hell, Hey You,  and Another Brick PtII without Roger Waters. But these recordings are from  a time when the band was still a unit. (The troubles with Richard Wright  not withstanding). Gilmour's guitar has always been awe-inspiring, and I  personally enjoy Floyd's latter albums without Roger. But Waters'  contribution went beyond playing bass, singing and writing. Roger added an  edge to the band. These recordings remind us of what once was, and wish  that it might one day be again. BTW; Side note to John Kristopher.....  Judging by your other review, you are in no position to comment on this  album. And by looking at the number of unpurchased items on your &quot;wish  list&quot;, you cannot afford to buy this album anyway.
B000002KD9|5.0|Well, it's been 30 years since i first bought this album, and yes If I could only take ten CD's to the Fiji Islands for the rest of my life, this has to be one of them.  It is a surreal and dreamlike masterpiece.  Well,  that's my opinion, but I honestly do feel that this is the best Neil Young  album ever.  Strong melodies with great playing. Is there a prettier song  than &quot;Only Love Can Break Your Heart&quot;, or biting comment like  &quot;Southern Man&quot;, or haunting harmonies like &quot;Tell Me  Why&quot;. The entire album is excellent.  This is one of the major  releases of all time.  By the way, &quot;Look at mother nature on the  run&quot;...my interpretation was the awareness of an environmentalist  about the ruin of pristine air, water, wilderness, animals etc. by way of  urban sprawl.
0380002930|5.0|I think Watership Down is a really good book if you like rabbits and reading about how they live.  If you do then you should read it and if you relate to those then I'll give you a sample of the book! &quot;Hazel! I  know there's danger there and we must leave!&quot; said Fiver.  &quot;Oh,  no can't you see Hazel!  The field is full of blood!&quot;  Fiver is a six  month old rabbit who can sence danger when it's coming and Hazel is a 8  month old rabbit who is Fiver's brother and watches over him.  If you want  to know what the rabbits are fearing and what Hazel's reply to Fiver is  then you should read it.  This is a great book for experienced readers.
0783235666|5.0|The Birds written by Daphne De Maurier is an excellent story concerning a flock of gulls who come to Land's End to prey on the innocent. Melanie Daniels (Tippi Hedren) comes to see her rugged boyfriend Rod Taylor in the  village for a romantic weekend. Eerie effective thriller with great  shocking scenes such as the schoolyard event when a flock of birds nest on  a wire waiting for attack.  This film will never cease in its power to  terrify.  The ending is even more shocking as the birds lie nesting on the  roof of the house showing their dominated side while the family escape  their vicious clutches. The mystery is one of the most remarkable aspects  of this horror film. Followed by an appaling sequel, Birds 2:Land's End.
B000006NPY|3.0|surely, this must be rated very high among some rock critics, as it contains calm and melodic pop songs. BUT, I personally bought this album after hearing the single &quot;Ava Adore&quot;, and I was expecting a rcok  album, which this ovbiously is not. So, it is quite hard to totally  appreciate this album, although there are few stong tracks.
0783229887|4.0|This film amused me...a lot.  The first three were purely concentrated on horror.  Each was effected and the generation at the time were shocked by the explicit gore but swallowed in every inch of the movie.  Parts 1 and 2  were effective in their power to terrify the audience but as Part 3 came  along the series had weakened quickly.  Now when a third sequel came along  I was anticipating a poor film as it was straight to video.  But this film  classed as a horror comedy entertains us and the target audience of the  first three are once again impressed with the sheer excellence of the film.   The remains of Chuckys bludgeoned body are about to be destroyed. But  weirdo Jennifer Tilly comes across the Chucky doll and ressurects him  purposefully.  Chucky doesn't like being in the body of a doll very much.  After begging Tiffany to give him a new body he decides when refused, to  kill Tiffany and put her in the same position making way for mayhem and  malevolance. Now a couple the two plan a host of murders together. Very  entertaining but not for the faint hearted.  The ending is quite  disapointing. A sequel &quot;Seed of Chucky&quot; is planned.
B000020617|5.0|This is a fantastic CD by the 'Foo Fighters'. 'There is Nothing to Lose' shows talents in all areas. &quot;Stacked Actors&quot;, &quot;Learn to Fly&quot; and &quot;Generator&quot; are really cool songs. 'There is  Nothing to Lose' is a great CD. Five out of five stars.
B0000027RL|5.0|Just Buy It People. If You Like Music ( Good Quality Music , And Not Shitty MTV Music ) , Buy It. Black Will Make You Cry Like A Litlle Kid. Jeremy Will Mix Your Mind And Will Drag You Down For At Least Half An Hour After You First Listened To It Once Will Make You Sing THe Chorus Over And  OVer OVer Again... Oceans Will Drawn You And For Some Reason You will Feel  Very Tired..<br />Don't Get It Huh ? Buy The Damn C.d Already
6305252521|5.0|\\"The Truman Show\\" is a fantastic movie. It stars Jim Carey and is about a guy whose whole life is a television show. He is filmed twenty-four hours a day and the footage is turned into a television show called \\"The Truman  Show\\". A fantastic movie. Five stars.
B000002GA8|4.0|I have this album on vinyl, and it is an interesting experiece, espesially when, during the narrations, the record skips and new sentances are deleated, let alone whole ones being left out. The melodies and the  clavichord(harpsichord?) made me want to die with bliss when i first heard  The Battle. i love that 'part' the best. the narrators strong, hearty,  nasal voice makes it all much better, and i can just picture the monsters  fight, going on for hours, thier heads shooting up like towers. despite  that fact that when the choir girls are singing, i can't understand nary a  word, it still is a great record with an fantabulous and spledorific  clavicord that will make you pass out with ecstacy. the cover art with the  superimposed Wakeman are great. he's so greatly nasty, like johnny winters,  or is that edgar, or both? anyway, muy bueno.
B00000JCB3|5.0|&quot;Significant Other&quot; is another great CD from Limp Bizkit. &quot;Just Like This&quot;, &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;Break Stuff&quot;, &quot;Re-arranged&quot;, &quot;I'm Broke&quot;, &quot;Nobody Like You&quot;, &quot;9 teen 90 nine&quot; and the secret track are the coolest songs ever!  Limp Bizkit are a great band.
B00000I8BX|5.0|For those who criticize saying this album isn't heavy enough, shut up. Try not being so shallow for once. This album is heavy but if you've been listening to death metal it may not be so heavy, my point is, if you listen to Cannibal Corpse, your ears will be adjusted to that tone of music.  Anything other then grunt and crunch and you scream sell out. Wake up, the  band is trying something different. Besides, you can't say &quot;Hi-Tech  Hate&quot; is a pop-rock song. There are some great songs on this album  like &quot;Resurrection&quot;, &quot;Edgecrusher&quot; &quot;0-0 (Where  Evil Dwells)&quot;, &quot;Freedom Or Fire&quot; and &quot;Cars&quot;. I  love this album, give the guys a break, at least they aren't doing it all  for the nookie. If your looking for a great heavy band, these guys will fit  the bill. It's something different. Some of this stuff reminds me of  Ministy on crack, more metal. You should at least check out the story.
0793518326|5.0|Although it has some little mistakes, the book is perfect, especially for the keyboard players, who can compile all the non-basic instruments in a keyboard, not losing any detail of the songs.
B00000K0E5|5.0|Pierce Brosnan's debut as James Bond 007 is excellent. It grabs the viewer immediately, as Brosnan,and Sean Bean are faced with Gottfried John's Colonel Ouromov. Of course, Bond comes out victorious, and we hear the  theme belted out by Tina Turner. Then nine years later, we find 007 up to  his usual tricks. He then meets Xenia Onatopp, our femme fatale, who always  enjoys a good squeeze. M is portrayed by Dame Judi Dench, who is excellent.  The movie then carries us to Cuba, where 006 is plotting world-wide  fianancial meltdown via the computer. Bond, of course, defeats his onetime  ally, saves the world, and gets the girl. All of the usual elements are  added to make this a fine Bond film, with all the right stuff.
0385015364|1.0|Having come recently to the Orthodox faith, I eagerly cracked the covers of G.K. Chresterton's ORTHODOXY, The Romance of Faith.  What I found was a carmudgeon's rantings, which for the most part consisted of points that had  faulty underpinnings.  More disturbing still was the underlying racism and  elitism woven throughout the fabric of this so-called testimonal on faith.  Fortunatley for me, this book isn't even actually about Orthodoxy, but  about Roman Catholicism, and Anglicanism, so my burgeoning faith is still  safe from the likes of Chesterton.
B000002B7U|5.0|People Throught after Randy Rhodes Died in that Plane Crash in 1982 that Ozzy,s Caree was Over Wrong Ozzy,s 1986 Album Rocks with Songs Like The Ultimate Sin and The Best Song on The Album Shot In The Dark. This Album Includes 3 Videos The Ultimate Sin,Shot In The Dark and Lightning Striking  which are Awesome in thier own Right. If you are a Huge Ozzy Fan like I am  then You Should Buy this CD.
B000023X9W|2.0|No one loves Neil more than I do -- Comes a Time is the reason I became a songwriter.  There was a time when Neil challenged his listeners, but there's none of that on Silver and Gold.  No challenge, no edge, no inspiration.  And this is the same guy that gave us Tonight's the Night,  for god's sake!  Oh, those were the days.  It's obvious he's been hanging  around with rock's Holy Trinity of Mediocrity (CS&N) lately and it's  rubbed off.  If you're looking for a musical challenge, try Dan Bern -- you  won't find it here.
6300214826|5.0|Francis Ford Coppola risked his career, his money and his sanity in making this Vietnam adaptation of 'Hearts Of Darkness'. The result is a large-scale war movie that ranks among the best movies of all-time. Martin  Sheen has the role of a lifetime  as Captain Willard, and he does deliver a  credible performance. Marlon Brando is equally credible as the mysterious  and possibly mad Colonel Kurtz. Robert Duvall creates a brilliant  character; Colonel 'I love the smell of napalm in the morning' Kilgore.  Grandly majestic war sequences are awe-inspiring. Thought provoking and  filled with eerie chaotic imagery. Simply masterful filmmaking from  Coppola. Extras: Laurence Fishburne and Harrison Ford in small roles, also  spot Francis Ford Coppola in a cameo. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film  a 10!
B000002UWL|5.0|A departure from PSB's brand of melodious, high-energy dance music, the duo's fourth proper album came as a surprise to many. &quot;Behavior&quot; confirmed that the duo was more than two 'can't-quite-grow-up' school boys.  The orchestral arrangements and theatrical thrills that underpinned earlier  songs like &quot;It couldn't happen here&quot; or &quot;King's Cross&quot;  come to the fore on this sublime, smooth-as-silk masterpiece. The music was  merely played on old analogue synthesisers, and dance rhythms take a back  seat to soft melodies, bobbing sequencers, and Neil's fine voice. Overall,  there's much of an emphasis on ballads and calm songs. Ex-Smiths guitarist  Johnny Marr (he formed UK supergroup Electronic) provides some typically  ringing guitar lines on the surprisingly dark &quot;This must be..&quot;  and on the wonderfully flowing &quot;My October symphony&quot;. The irony  is that when Neil and Chris play a dance tune (&quot;So hard&quot;), this  track tends to ruin the coherence of &quot;Behavior&quot;.  Listing  highlights is practically pointless because this album just begs to be  listened to as a whole, but my favorite is &quot;Being boring&quot;. Like  many other songs of this album, it seems to have an autobiographical touch.  Even if &quot;Behavior&quot; is one of PSB's least commercially successful  efforts, it's an astonishing demonstration of their songwriting talents and  remains one of the best albums in the synth pop genre.
630460291X|5.0|I'm not even gonna get started on the accent business.<br />This movie is magical. Costner plays a great Robin Hood. He fits so well for the role. I can't imagine anyone else being in his place. All of the characters are memorable. Every so often there is a movie that just finds a place in your heart and you can never get enough of it. This is one of those movies for me.
0783225857|5.0|Great, one of the best movies of all time.  Gregory Peck gives his beautifully award winning performance.  Followed up by Robert Duvalls scary Boo Bradley.  Good movie if you haven't seen it do so now.
B00000JPH5|5.0|YESSSS! THERE IS A GOD! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU WHOMEVER FOR RELEASING THIS VIDEO! I HAD TO BUY TWO COPIES..I WILL NOT LOOSE THIS VIDEO AGAIN! EVER..EVER.. EVER...
B000002J1Y|5.0|First heard this LP in 75 when a friend who was covertly teaching me how to drive popped it into his 8 track.  The sound stunk, but the music soared.  Wore the grooves off two editions of my own and am now wearing the lasers off my cd.  This cd is in my opinion the best live album ever (with   possible exception to Allman's Live at Fillmore). Still brings chills.   Still proves that quality musicianship can stand the test of time  regardless of vogue or fad.  Hope to be buried with this cd.
0451160916|5.0|I love this book so much. I've read it again and again and I have to say it's my second favorite book (second to Catcher in the Rye!). It's so scary and tragic...it pulls you in and you just can't stop reading it. You don't want to read anymore because it's scaring you, but you just can't put it  down because you have to know what happens next. I consider this Stephen  King's best work. (I also suggest Carrie, Four Past Midnight, and  Firestarter, three of Stephen King's better works, in my opinion.)
0805062971|4.0|Chuck Palahniuk's debut novel, &quot;Fight Club,&quot; is one of the greatest, provocative, and enlightening books written for our generation.  It's a must-read, with a brilliant story, a writing style wonderfully  crafted to depict the real world for as disgusting as it is, and a  mischievous character who goes by the name of Tyler Durden, who's out to  change the grotesque problems of modern-day society, for good.<br />--And  great brain food.  There are some issues and statements given in this book  that really make you think especially about how we're defining \\"progress\\"  for humanity.  How do we define success and progress, but by how big of a  house we have, or how much we have in the bank, or how pretty our wives  look?  In this book, the anti-society society \\"Fight Club\\" determines  success by how little you have.<br />\\"Only until we lose everything, are we  free to do anything.\\"<br />Tyler Durden, Fight Club--the movie<br />Modern-day  consumer-driven cultures have begun to press down on people to the breaking  point, and now Tyler Durden has started his own therapy group that is  growing rapidly in number by each session.  It's a therapy group, unlike  most of the others, and instead of giving you guided spiritual meditation  and opening your chakras, it promotes violence, pain, and self-destruction.   It's a group where aggressive males are sporting organized fight sessions  to empower themselves by hitting rock bottom.  Its called \\"Fight  Club,&quot; and it's rapidly spreading in bars all over the United States.   <br />But I've probably said too much already.  \\"First rule of fight club is  you cannot talk about fight club, and the second rule of fight club is you  cannot talk about fight club.\\"<br />It's one of the fastest books I've ever  read, and it left me completely hooked, all the way until the end.  The  only thing I didn't like was all the room for expansion.  Palahniuk really  could have exploded on some of his ideas and perspectives a whole lot more,  but it was still a great book and very reader worthy.  <br />Another  dissapointment was the cost for this book.  After 20th Century Fox made the  snazzy cover art for the book, they also jacked up the price to 13 bucks a  copy, which is very ironic, especially when Fight Club's motto was to screw  perfection and neatness.  But that's show-bizz.<br />My recommendation: Watch  the movie first, get blown away, then read the book and get more in-depth  with the story.<br />\\"Fight Club\\" is an inspiring and completely awesome  story.  Watch the movie.  Read the book.  Both are great, and after you've  been as enlightened as much as possible, start your own Fight Club.  :)
6305728437|4.0|Disney's Mulan tells the story of Fa Mulan (Ming Na Wen from the live action Street Fighter), a young Chinese woman who cannot bear the thought of her lame father going off to fight Huns, and so she impersonates Fa Zu's  non-existent son, Ping. The film opens with a breathtaking view of China's  Great Wall, built especially to keep the Huns at bay, but the builders  never foresaw  the development of the grappling hook. It is here me meet  Shan Yu, the Hun leader, and like a lot of Disney villains, he is  frighteningly competent and evil. And when he faces down a frightened  Imperial soldier who has managed to light a signal fire that alerts  positions up and down the wall then defiantly states, \\"...now all of China  knows you are coming!\\"  Shan Yu is delighted!<br /> As the Huns approach,  Mulan is being paraded before the matchmaker-the woman who will find a  husband for her. Mulan's eagerness to succeed turns to disaster and she  humiliates her father, then again when the Imperial Army arrives looking  for conscripts, she demands that her father has already served. Her father  proudly exclaims that he will serve much to Mulan's grief-the scene is one  of the most memorable in the film. That night she sneaks out of her room  and dawns her Fa Zu's armor before cutting her hair. Stealing away into the  night, she exchanges the conscript notice with her hair comb then rides off  to join the Imperial Army.<br /> Mulan as Ping begins to suffer, mostly  because of the advice of Mushu (Eddie Murphy) -a little red dragon and  former temple guardian of the family shrine. She desperately tries to fit  in with the burly bunch of recruits and \\"be a man\\" under the watchful eye  of Captain Li Shang-who believes that `Ping' is \\"unsuited for the rage of  war.\\", which forces Mulan to try even harder and in the process convinces  her fellow recruits to succeed until they complete basic training.<br />  Two of the more memorable scenes include the discovery of the devastated  villageand the body of Li Shang's father-a memorable moment on a knoll  where Captain Shang mounts his father's helmet atop his sword. The second  is the spectacular battle sequence on a snowy mountain top. The CGI  sequence of thousands of Huns storming over the rise on horse back has the  same awesome feel as the stampeding wildebeests in Lion King.<br /> Mulan  scores big with us older folks and must admit my own ignorance in this,  because I have never read the original story and so do not know what Disney  has changed it. The songs, most notably \\"I'll Make a Man out of You\\" and  \\"True to Your Heart\\" are upbeat and fun. The animation is excellent while  the character art takes a little getting used to, similarly as the art in  Hercules. The signature CGI are pieces are subtle and as the technology  improves are meshed even more seamlessly with the traditional animation  methods. The voice acting is up to the usual Disney standards and I only  wish that those companies producing English translations for Japanese anime  would take a cue from Disney and hire real actors to do character voices.  Of course, that doesn't mean I forgive Disney for getting Phil Hartman to  do the voice of Jiji the cat in Kiki's Delivery Service.
6303617719|4.0|Ok, it ain't art and Kevin Kline ain't French and the plot is inane.  But there's something addictive about this movie.  Kevin Kline is soooooo sexy; Meg Ryan is luminous.  The more I watch this movie the more I want to watch  it.  I have never bought a video before (except for my kids), but I'm  buying this one.  My advice is not to watch this with your husband or  boyfriend.  Grab one of your girl friends, pop some corn, and enjoy.
630575070X|2.0|I saw the movie in theatres three times and after each viewing found myself more flabergasted than before.  The bizarre group of people who think that this is a great film like to contend that the original three  movies had set our expectations at a level that could not be met.  Firstly,  I would say that if Lucas and Co. are the geniuses that these people think  they are, they could have met even the highest expectations.  Secondly, my  expectations and those of others who were disappointed were not terribly  high.  I expected a simple story (like the others) that would be enhanced  by the Star Wars mythology and great special effects.  To be honest, though  I love them, the first trilogy of films had flaws - they were somewhat  trite and had an oversimplified cold-waresque feel.  But they were never  embarrassing, never made me blush and bury my head into my lap in shame as  The Phantom Menace did (at the moments where they boldly announced that  Annakin was born of a virgin and tried to give a blood based explanation of  the force).  In short I expected little and got much much less.<br />Here's  what I expected:  In a science fiction, action based film, the characters  should all have life or death objectives.  Most of the characters here are  only half motivated.  The queen and her people have a motivation but  figures like the Jedi and Annakin and that awful Jar Jar are just sort of  lead around from location to location without any real reason to be there.   Sure, I understand that the Jedi are defenders of all that's good and thus  their motivation is the Queens' but they seem lost.  The good actors that  Lucas won get chewed up by the scenery and their terrible (I repeat  TERRIBLE) lines of dialogue.<br />Something else that the first trilogy had  was a mystery - as the characters voyaged towards personal discovery and  the discovery of the Universe and both slowly opened to the audience.  This  mood that there is something out there to be discovered is something most  people seem to forget about.  None of that is here.  And sure, I understand  that replicating that would be difficult but I know that Lucas and Co.  didn't try.  And if they were going to completely throw out the tone and  mood that made the earlier films great, well then maybe they should not  have made the coming trilogy at all.  In the end, this trilogy will only  diminish the earlier ones for future generations if they sit down to watch  them in order, because the mystery of the force and Luke's familial  identity will be gone.  In the end, taken as a body of stories, there will  be no mystery to any of it.  Why would an artist sabotage how their work  will be accepted when they are gone?  Answer:  Lucas is not an artist.   Maybe he was before but not he is a corporate entity concerned with making  the most dollars, which releasing these three films will do.
B000002GKT|5.0|This is a classic early 70's high-energy barnburner.  Humble Pie's best by far.  A greatest hits mix of tunes with a chance to hear a 17 year old Peter Frampton on guitar before he deteriorated into a mid 70's icon.  Humble Pie is much better live and this album proves it. Their studio  albums pale in comparison.  Steve Marriott (an acquired taste to be sure)is  in fine form. Highly recommended.
0792156684|2.0|I shall resist the temptation to let my strong emotions (hatred) influence what I say and review this film objectively, showing how I came to a two star review.<br />I will not rank on the framing of this tale, which could  have been interesting.  It sets up a modern day crew that is after the  glory and fortune associated with being able to excavate Titanic, a sunken  luxury liner.  An old woman says she was on the ship (is disbelieved) and  eventually adds humanity to this tragedy of long ago.  These characters are  interesting.  They have needs and goals and, eventually, change.  But how  this happens gets buried in an unoriginal plot and over-done cinematic  spectacle.<br />After two and half hours of love story and tragedy, Bill  Paxton, the head of the excavation team, says meekly &quot;...all these  years I thought about Titanic and I never let it get to me.&quot;  Paxton's  character is supposed to be our 'in' - he is modern man.  When he says  that, the audience should feel a similar since that this old tale has  stirred their emotion.  Yet, that doesn't happen.       Why?<br />The  stroyline of the back-story (most of the film) is dreadful with very little  character drive.  Jack and Rose are flawless youngsters who stand in  defiance of old world fogies.  Convenient, huh.  Their convictions of early  on are only enforced by the circumstances around them - never challenged.   Is this drama?  A disaster flick, if is not purely commercial and for the  sake of spectacle, can only do one thing - show the stuff the characters  are made of in the face of doom: in this film, this is no different than  what they are in the beginning (brash youths).  Do they grow up?  Did Rose  ever?  Does she realize that more often than not they would grow to hate  each other, realizing how shallow they are?  <br />Now, all of you Titanic  fans will say, &quot;Surely you must admit this film is a technical marvel  of moviemaking and visually captivating&quot;  Again, I raise my fist in  defiance and issue a bold: NO!  Titanic's computer animated effects look  exactly like what they are - computer animated.  Early on, in overhead  shots, little simulated humans move about the digital luxury liner and I  sat frozen in my seat, thinking: are they kidding me?  All the while I was  expecting the camera to zoom out and see that this is all recreation on a  screen that the excavation team was watching.  How disappointed I was that  this never happened.  Pay close attention to these details in your next  viewing of Cameron's unfortunate blockbuster: the cartoon dolphins in the  water, the long shots of the sinking ship (more importantly the never  changing computerized horizon in the background) and most disgusting was  the iceberg itself (which suspiciously resembles the computerized berg  that's shown earlier).  The computer generated imagery was a huge hack  job.<br />In conclusion, a period piece often features lavish costumes and  music and makeup and more often than not it is in an effort to create a  distinct time and place - one that matches the way the characters feel and  think and act.  Two recent movies that succeed in recreating there time and  place are the severely wronged L.A. Confidential and Elizabeth.  The  actions and thoughts of the characters and background were so in step with  there period and location that you actually become a brief tenant of 1950's  Hollywood and Elizabethan England.  But something is amiss in Titanic - the  costuming and music and makeup may be nice but it's all for naught - the  motion picture around it is deliberately forgetful to the time and place.   The characters are simply disembodied voices moving about some timeless  netheregion with occasional stupid barbs such as Hartley saying nothing  will come of Picasso when he had already made a splash on the Paris art  scene at that time.  This is a bad story people... very bad.  The only  reason I give it two stars is because the massiveness of the production of  this meaningless corporate product has contributed to the surrounding  economy.
6305609691|5.0|This is the ultimate war movie. Whereas Saving Private Ryan was gritty realism, Apocalypse Now is urbane surrealism. The whole movie has this elusive, mysterious narrative style to it. It's also kind of neat to watch  this movie drift into this gung-ho action movie, with a little help from  the brillant Robert Duvall, and quickly decend into a dark, disturbing  nightmare about Vietnam. You have to see this movie at least once in your  lifetime!
0425152251|5.0|I enjoyed this book very much! The book in itself is very well written,very wisely written. It tells the story of a girl that gets letters from a stranger,and this stranger starts giving her a course in  philosophy.This course starts from the very beginning of philosophical  thought up to our times.The book is also a mystery since Sophie doesn't  know who sends her the letters.The whole concept of the book is very  original and has a philosophical idea at it's core on which the whole book  is based (you'll never guess it!).The book is written very clearly to  anyone that doesn't have a clue about philosophy and one gets a very good  opportunity to get to know      verious philosophers and read about those  that interest you most ,after reading this book.Very highly recommended!
6305807086|5.0|I missed this one in the theaters. I just bought the DVD, and i have to say... WHOA!  Up until now, I thought the two most inventive movies of 1999 were Fight Club and Magnolia. Now that I've seen Being John Malkovich, I  realize it is not only the most inventive film of 1999, it's one of the  most inventive films EVER!  Words cannot describe how much I love this  movie. It is hilarious, beautiful, touching and down right bizarre, all at  once. Every single frame, every single line spoken, every single character  in this movie is unlike any other movie ever!  Please watch this movie with  an open mind. It really is a work of art.
0446677450|5.0|I read this in Korean Edition. I'm working at internet company which keeps Investment Advice Site. So i have seen many young riches. And i have always wondered the difference between i and them. This book helped to know the difference. And make me to decide to start investment.
B00004RF8J|5.0|This really is a fun movie. How could anyone not love it? First of all, all the songs are so wonderful. Most musicals have at least one really dull musical number. But every single one in Little Shop has a cheerful energy  to it. Then there is the really cool looking Audrey II. I must say, this  puppet comes across with more personality than most actors. Then, of  course, there is the hilarious performance by Steve Martin as the sadistic  dentist. There's something about the way he plays this role that just kills  me. The scene during the musical number at the dentists' office where  Martin has the little boys tooth in a clamp, and he looks up at the camera  with this wierd look on his face is the single funniest thing I've ever  seen. And, finally, the one thing that is usually over looked is the main  cast itself. Rick Moranis is charming in the role of the nerdy hero. He  goes through the whole movie with this confused look on his face that just  fits perfectly. And Ellen Greene as Audrey is the most adorable thing I've  ever seen. And finally, the late Vincent Gardenia is wonderful as the harsh  father figure to Seymour. In conclusion, this is a very enjoyable movie.
0792844793|5.0|To finally be able to see my favorite movie in a clear, widescreen presentation was very cool.  I had been looking forward to a DVD release of Blue Velvet for some time and my expectations were basically met.  Sure,  the extras were a little skimpy, but the hidden &quot;a strange world&quot;  extra was a nice touch.<br />So much of the picture was lost in the pan and  scan video version that this widescreen edition is like watching it for the  first time.  Scenes such as the conversation in the hallway outside  Dorothy's apartment door about going for a ride have much more intensity  when you see Frank's men lined up at the end of the hallway.  Dorothy's  reaction of fear at Frank punching Jeffrey when they are at Ben's is  another scene improved by the widescreen version.<br />The picture quality is  quite good.  Better than I had expected having read the review of another  regions version.  Everything is much clearer than the VHS tapes I had.   <br />Anyone who is a fan of Blue Velvet and the works of David Lynch, this  DVD is a must buy.
0440180295|5.0|A few weeks ago, while pouring over a list of books to read for AP English III, my teacher recommended Slaughterhouse-Five for me (it was the only book my teacher thought I might enjoy).  This project has introduced me to  an excellent book and a great author.<br />The book itself is filled with the  symbolism and deeper meanings English teachers love, while mixing in plenty  of dark humor, philosophy, and a twisted plot that I thoroughly  enjoyed.<br />While some of the philosophies presented in this book I do not  necessarily agree with (predeterminism, no control over our own destiny), I  must still rate this book as one of the best I have ever read.  The  Tralfamadorian (those are the aliens that abduct the main character, Billy  Pilgrim) view of time truly opened my eyes (in more ways than one) to one  theory as to the nature of time.<br />If you have not read this book because  it is 'sci-fi,' pick it up anyway.  It should pleasantly surprise you.
6303913881|5.0|contrary to some of the reviews here, i think showgirls is an extremely watchable film.  what's funny about it is the high production standards, with HILARIOUS dialogue, and even funnier 'dance training' scenes.  what's  hard to work out about this film, is whether elizabeth berkley is a  brilliant actor, playing a completely weird character, OR if she is an  atrocious actor, playing a completely weird character - &quot;Nomi&quot; as  her character is called, has possibly the shortest temper of any character  in any film, and constantly contradicts her own values and beliefs (or so  it would appear).<br />each and every character in this film lies, cheats and  manages to screw someone else over, with the exception of ONE, a friend of  Nomi's who is violently raped at the end of the film!  (and left battered  in her hospital bed by Nomi, who flees LV after finding redemption)<br />watch  this film - if nothing else it will give you a laugh, and will keep you  intrigued with questions filling your head about 'how'...'why?'...  etc.<br />favourite scene : a prospective boyfriend of Nomi's is showing her a  dance routine he prepared just for her - in the MIDDLE of him showing her,  she interrupts; &quot;..wait...wait.. you mean.. like THIS!&quot; and  starts wildly flailing around, all the while keeping in time with her  instructor! !classic!  also look out for the first 60 seconds of the film,  in which, inexplicably, a switchblade is produced by Nomi, as an attack on  someone giving HER a lift to Las Vegas! LOVE IT
B000023X9W|4.0|Forever moving outside the style of the week, even moving beyond his own inclinations, Young remains one of the great individuals of his generation of songwriter/musicians. Silver &amp; Gold is more than a mellow recording  in the manner of Harvest or Comes A Time, it's very nearly the completely  solo album that Young first imagined it. Accompaniment is sparse and  tastefully contributed to the mix. As with virtually all of his work, the  songs are plainly honest and heartfelt, this time focusing on love and  relationship. This is not a masterpiece on the level of After The Goldrush  or Rust Never Sleeps, but it's awfully good. For the most part the songs  are hopeful with the closing number mixing Young's idiosycratic humor with  dark passages that suggest the old doubts that haunted his earlier work  remain with the wiser man, though less disturbingly so. This is Young as  quiet as we are likely to get him and no one covers the silent moments  better.
0671578642|5.0|The appearance of his Honor Of The Queen in a new hardcover limited edition is required reading for any who would enjoy Ashes Of Victory with an introduction to the character of Honor and her world: readers receive an  excellent strong story of Honor's struggles with political enemies in this  absorbing adventure.
6305657947|5.0|Good moive, but not great?  Keeps you guessing through out the film.  If you like mystery / robbery films, you'll enjoy this one!  I saw if once and enjoyed it.  I'd watch it again just see if I missed some stuff, but I  don't think I'd buy it.  Maybee, if the price was write?
0783240503|5.0|Joseph And The Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat is a Tim Rice and Andrew Lloyd Webber classic family musical starring a brilliant cast headed up by Donny Osmond, Richard Attenborough, and Joan Collins. Spectacular visuals,  an enchanting score, and superb individual and group performancees showcase  a lively and colorful journey through Ancient Egypt is a modern retelling  of the biblical story of Joseph, his brothers, and the visions that led a  young boy from prison to the right hand of Pharaoh. Joseph And The Amazing  Technicolor Dreamcoat is a wonderfully exciting, beautifully costumed,  spectacularly staged, spiritedly acted, highly recommended rock opera that  will engage and entertain viewers of all ages.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Love it!  This cd will get you going better than coffee will.  Full of energy and funny lyrics.  Rock on!
0684800713|4.0|The book is about war and falling in love and losing it in the end.His since of charactarizing himself differently than the other characters, makes the reader feel that story could have actually taken place in  history.I would reccomend this book to any one that like both love and war  stories.
B000031WD9|5.0|My title say it all!  You'll roll on the floor every time you watch!  If you're in or on your way to college, this movie is a must have (along with Animal House)
B00003CWPR|1.0|One word sums this movie. STUPID. For all those who liked this movie and said that it was &quot;thought provoking, brilliant, fascinating, etc.&quot;. You all need to go to therapy or be a guest star on Roger Ebert  &amp; Friends. The only thing that kept my attention to this complete waste  of time was the $4.32 that I gave to Blockbuster.
0800128052|5.0|I must admit I'm not a fan of American football, I acctually hate the sport, but I definetally dont hate this great movie.  It is about a young man that has a dream to play for Notre Dame. Its a great movie because it  shows you if you really fight for something you can acomplish it. You dont  have to like American football to love this movie.
6305807043|1.0|I find it unbelievable that so many film critics lauded this trite, overly clever, smug piece of pretentious garbage.  It's a conte cruel that inflicts most of its cruelty on anyone who may be forced to watch it all  the way through to its (predictable) conclusion.  The whole thing seems  like a bad script that Richard Matheson had cranked out for a 1960's  &quot;Twilight Zone&quot; episode, then, after he had sobered up, took one  long look at, laughed, then filed it away.<br />Almost none of the character  elicit a sympathetic response, and one can only root for the least  revolting ones on the screen.  The film has a &quot;weirdness&quot; to it,  all right, but it's not an intriguing weirdness like that of a David Lynch  film, but that of a disjointed, incoherent narrative that tries to hide a  plot with holes in it large enough to toss cats and dogs through.  Even  John Malkovich appears to be bored and embarassed with his role in this  mess.<br />Didn't Spike Jonez direct videos for the MTV crowd before becoming  involved in this fiasco?  It shows...
B00000705Z|5.0|This is such a great CD.  I have listened to it so many times and always come away uplifted; it gives me a boost.  This is my favourite PSB CD; even better than Very, because all the tracks fit together so well and are all so enjoyable.  &quot;Metamorphosis&quot; and &quot;The Survivors&quot;  stand out as my favourites.  The remixed CD is also very good.
B000000OSG|5.0|Hard to believe, that a bunch of drugged up LA raunch-rockers that, a few years prior, churned out a peice of hard-rock heaven in Appetite for Destruction, could somehow do a complete 180 with the Illusions albums.  Creative tension is the key here; with Axl Rose wanting to explore  Elton-John and Queen-ish territories, and Izzy and Slash wanting to keep  the band firmly rooted in it's roots, what we have here is... failure... to  communicate... and also some of the best rock produced in this time.<br />   Illusions II is the better album to I, because it shows exactly what a  sweeping ambition Axl Rose had.  The albums aren't particularly sequenced,  but I remains the more hard rock album, and II remains the epic.  Civil War  sets the tone of this album perfectly.  A soft piano-acoustic guitar intro,  kicking into overdrive after awhile, containing biting social commentary by  Axl 'One in a Million' Rose himself.  The rest of the album would follow  suit.<br />  A handful of tracks are the type of rock one usually wants to  hear from GnR, such as the Izzy-sung 14 Years, Shotgun Blues, and You could  be Mine.  But 7-minute plus epics like Estranged, Civil War, Breakdown, and  the funky Locomotive dominate.  In fact, most of the songs on this album  run over 5 minutes, yet somehow it fails to come across as boring for very  long.  Songs like Yesterdays, the second version of Don't Cry (which is  better than the original), the tortured, psychotic My World, and Get in the  Ring (Who else but Axl would have the balls to threaten critics BY NAME?)  may be considered filler but it's well executed filler, and doesn't hamper  the album in the least, rather, it furthers it.<br />  Estranged is the  highlight, possibly the best song GnR ever recorded, a multi-part ode to,  well.. estrangement, featuring haunting Slash guitar melodies and Axl at  his very best on piano and vocals.  It helps make Use Your Illusions II one  fantastic album, possibly the last truly great rock album to yet be  released.
B000002TWN|5.0|This CD has such a great and interesting groove to it.  Wonderfully soulful.  Quite like Angie Stone's &quot;Black Diamond&quot;, but just back a bit on the formulated dial, and that's refreshing (not that &quot;Black  Diamond&quot; is at all bad; it's another 5 star effort).  &quot;When We  Get By&quot; is such an uplifting, easy track; definitely my favourite.
B00000I07P|5.0|.. because as Bon Jovi would prove in the 90's, they were much more than the run-of-the-mill hair metal bands that plauged the late 80's.  Slippery When Wet, possibly their most accomplished album, illustrates the spirit of  everything that was good about 80's rock, without the things that were bad.   Bon Jovi had looks, but they had chops too.  <br />  Jon Bon Jovi finds his  voice on this album (after mixed results with his Springsteen-ish wail on  his first two efforts) and while Richie Sambora hadn't shed his Eddie Van  Halen tributes yet, he sounded more alive on this album than on most any  other tracks he ever laid down.  The rhythm section is really one of the  more underlooked in rock but the production is top-notch, letting every  musician have their moments.  Every song has the typical 80's gloss and  shine, yet the band pushes themselves to demonstrate that they have real,  live talent.  <br />  Every song on this album is a winner, as well, from the  Pyromania-ish kickoff of 'Let It Rock' to the mega-hits Livin on a Prayer,  Wanted Dead or Alive, You give love a Bad name, and Never Say Goodbye',  right on down to the killer album tracks like Raise your Hands and  especially 'I'd Die for You'.  <br />  Slippery When Wet is Bon Jovi's most  consistent, focused affair, and if you want a good case to make about how  good the 80's could be, then look no further than this album.
B000005AYM|5.0|This CD has such a great groove and a really strong feel.  Wonderful music for seduction. My favourite tracks are &quot;Appletree&quot; and &quot;4 Leaf Clover&quot;.  I marginally perfer Baduizm Live because of it's raw  edge, but both are great CDs.
0451191153|1.0|The continuing praise heaped upon &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; as well as Rand's other tired novels is proof that intellectual sophistication is an endangered character trait, rapidly being eroded by a myopic, self-righteous population.<br />Ostensibly an anthem for humanists, &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; tells the parallel tale of two men. The first, Howard Roark, is a strong-willed individualistic genius architect who avoids any semblance of success for fear of compromising his personal integrity by selling out.  The other is a sniveling toad for whom success, fame, wealth and material things mean more than any amount of pride or self respect.  As expected, the pure-of-heart hero suffers for both his art and beliefs, while his soiled and foul counterpart reaps huge rewards at the expense of his soul.<br />Unfortunately, &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; was ponderous, overly pretentious, transparent, preachy, self-indulgent and hollow. It is little more than a puffed-up facade of integrity and individuality complete with a whole bunch of really big words.<br />The &quot;valiant&quot; fight waged by Howard Roark against the phillistines and ignoramuses of the world (who are just too pig-ignorant to appreciate his un-spotted art and talent) in this constipation causing opus probably serves as justification for those who believe that their own worth is unappreciated by the rest of society as a whole.
6305313687|2.0|Don't get me wrong ! I sincerely think that the subject of AMERICAN HISTORY X is one of the most important matter to discuss nowadays. I cannot stand the arguments of any extremist political or social groups, leftist or  ultra-conservative. But we're here to give an opinion about a movie and not  to have a philosophical meeting about morals. So, in my humble opinion,  AMERICAN HISTORY X is a very poor movie with a great subject and  outstanding actors.<br />The script of AMERICAN HISTORY X is a collection of  clich&eacute;s one can find in thousands of Hollywood movies since the thirties.  Just imagine, in the character played by Edward -DEREK- Norton, James  Cagney or Humphrey Bogart. After having spent three years in jail, Bogie  comes back home and realizes his younger brother has become a potential  public danger. With the help of his parole officer, he'll try to save him  from the streets. Or imagine Gary Cooper, a former hitman, coming back home  only to discover that his son, let's say - Montgomery Clift -, is the  fastest gunman of the town. Will he be able to convince Monty that duels  are a no-future occupation ?<br />Good subjects don't necessarily make good  movies specially if there's only a yes man to direct. So, if you want to  study the evolution of the right-wing neo-nazis groups in today America, it  would be a good idea to see a few documentaries on the subject, and there  are pretty good ones to be seen, rather than to buy AMERICAN HISTORY X.<br />A  pretentious DVD.
0792101448|5.0|Sergio Leone directed only six films in his career. You can nearly call all of them classics, but &quot;Once Upon A Time In The West&quot; is my favourite.<br />Francois Truffaut once wrote that if film would become a  silent artform again, many directors (the lesser ones) would suddenly be  out of a job. One of the filmmakers who would have survived was Leone. His  films were actually silent films which depended on as little dialogue as  possible. This is especially true for &quot;Once Upon A Time In The  West&quot;. The picture largely consists of beautifully choreographed  sequences in which no character speaks and like in silent films, the music  score plays a major role. For this movie, Ennio Morricone wrote one of the  most memorable scores in motion picture history. Leone owed much of the  films success to him. Leone knew how important the music was for this film  and acted on it. He asked Morricone to write the music before they started  filming so that the actors (who all do a magnificent job) can move to the  music. The result is perfect.<br />Each time I watch this film I realize that  the term masterpiece is used too often to describe decent films, but the  term is perfectly appropriate for &quot;Once Upon A Time In The West&quot;.  When magazines ask their readers to create an alltime favourite list, the  film regularly appears on these lists and it has really earned its  reputation.
6305428298|4.0|Director Mark Herman's LITTLE VOICE is a refreshing but cruel comedy set in a small town of Northern England (or is it Scotland ?). L.V. -for little voice- is the only child of Mari Hoff, played by Brenda Blethyn, the widow  of a records's salesman. She doesn't talk to anyone and listens all day  long to the records her Dad has left. She lives in a dream and sings every  evening &quot;a cappella&quot; for her dead Daddy. One day, Ray &quot;  Michal Caine &quot; Say, one of the numerous lovers of LV's mother,  discovers her unbelievable voice and wants her for Mr. Boo's saturday night  show. That's the beginning of the rise and fall of Little Voice.<br />If you  liked Bill Forsyth's LOCAL HERO, you will be happy to find in LITTLE VOICE  the same love for unusual characters. Michal Caine gives here one of his  best performances ever and Brenda Blethyn confirms, after Mike Leigh's  SECRET AND LIES, that she is a great actress. Jane Horrocks, in the role of  LV, also gives a superb performance by imitating perfectly Judy Garland,  Marilyn Monroe and Billie Hollyday.<br />LITTLE VOICE can be appreciated for  its humor, its subtle variations on Victor Fleming's THE WIZARD OF OZ or  for its psychological implications. A very good surprise.<br />A Freudian DVD.
B00003CX5A|4.0|The reason I give Tim Burton's &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; a relatively high four-star-rating is that it is simply one of the best looking films of the decade, but as many other films by director Tim Burton, &quot;Sleepy  Hollow&quot; suffers from its lack of strong characters.<br />The main plot of  this film about a headless hessian (That's where I am from, by the way)  horseman who runs amok in a small village is really nice. Unfortunately,  the screenplay does not provide more intruiging characters. Instead it  offers a conspiracy among the inhabitants of the village which constable  Johnny Depp has to unravel. This is sometimes funny, but very often  confusing and scarcely captivating. The appearances of the horseman are the  film's highlights. Everything else, including the tame love story of Depp  and Christina Ricci left me relatively cold.<br />&quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot;  shows us once again and more overwhelmingly than ever, that telling a  coherent story, which is transporting from the beginning to the end, is not  Tim Burton's strength. As a creator of strong imagery, he is unsurpassed.  It's really a pity that this is not enough to make an unqualified classic.
0394806220|5.0|I bought this for my daughter 2 months ago.  She is now seven months old and this is her very favorite book.  We read it every day, and her eyes travel back and forth between me, making all the sounds, and the pages of the book.  I am getting ready to order all the Dr. Seuss board books for  her!  It is just the right size for little hands; some of her board books  are too large for her to get a good handle on.  I can't imagine any child  not enjoying this book.
B000001EHS|5.0|This is a must have CD for any fans of the group Def Leppard.  The music is amazing, with old favorites that just make you want to sing along when ever you hear them.  The new song &quot;When Love and hate Collide&quot; is absolutely amazing, and that song alone is reason enough to get this CD.   If you loved this band at any point in your life, this is a must have CD  for your collection.
0446525537|5.0|Not since &quot;Bridges of Madison County&quot; or, more recently, &quot;Pay it Forward&quot; have I been compelled to just read a book, every chance I got, until the very last page. I did it in 2 nights but if I hadn't gone to work I could have read it in a day. A nice coming-of-age  tale with a twist where a young man does a lot of growing up in a very  short space of time and finds his true life path.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|If you liked their first Cd, this is a CD for the collection.  This music builds on the last album, but also makes way for a lot of new things.  The songs are catchy, and they make you wanna get up and dance.  Others are wonderful ballads, about the things that we need in life most.  The song  &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; is a great example of this.  For anyone who  likes to listen to good music, this is a must have.
B00004S6GL|5.0|My introduction to Elliot Smith was some music from the film &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot; and a few earlier pieces on college radio. It was pleasant enough, but all the fuss generated was beyond my comprehension.  Then I bought &quot;XO&quot; on the advice of  a fellow musician and began  to justify most of the previous fuss. Two days later I bought &quot;Figure  8&quot; and everything wonderful I had earlier thought to be empty praise  became instant fact. This guy IS wonderful! He is no John Lennon and  certainly no Jackson Browne. In most ways he is BETTER! With Lennon's and  Browne's songs, you always knew what was coming next, musically and  lyrically. With Elliot Smith, you just never know, and are always surprised  and rewarded. Where &quot;XO&quot; had 4 Great songs and the balance pretty  Good, &quot;Figure 8&quot; has at least 8 Great ones. All are at the very  least good. There is comparably more heavy handed production here, but it's  a benefit used wisely for a larger scope of musical possibilities. Each  piece uses just the right touch of strings, or the perfect backbeat, or  clever harmonies in all the right places. The words fit as perfectly to the  notes as his voice does to the words. I'm not sure why he feels he has to  have two lead vocal tracks on each song, but perhaps this is a production  trick rather than a lack of self confidence. His voice is certainly sweet  and pure enough to stand on it's own. The best tracks are ALL the odd  numbers. Take my word for this and don't let &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot;  be your only experience with Elliot Smith. There is much more.  Buy this  and soon you will also see clearly.
B00000J7J4|4.0|The name Santana will no longer be a stranger to you but the music may be.  Most people will have heard Smooth with Rob Thomas blending his vocals with Santanas guitar skills to form a match made in heaven, but there is  more to the album than this.<br />All of the guest appearances come off, with  the exception of Lauryn Hill to me.  She is undoubtedly a talented artist  but her rap does not fit with the song at all.  Dave Matthews and Everlast  are both faultless in slower tunes and the funky R&amp;B tunes on Maria  Maria are mixed with the splendid vocals of The Product.<br />The  instrumentals are also very good (although not usually my thing).  I think  the way that everybody with varying tastes in music has decided that this  is a classic really speaks volumes for the versatility and brilliance of  this album.<br />Buy it.  You won't regret it.
B000002N3J|1.0|I really don't like Madonna. Anyone who could say the words &quot;True Blue baby I love you&quot; and get away with is does deserve some props. Massive Attack is crazy cool on the other hand. They lend their yummy  talent to Madonna on this CD in the only way they know how: style. Other  than that this Cd's ok. It shows some growth and shift in Madonna's way of  life and production. On a side note, no one should forgive her for the  remix of &quot;American Pie&quot; I weep in my pillow everynight.
630575067X|3.0|The special effects were very good but the story line was lacking a litle and the acting was simply unnacceptable for such a great series of films.  Ewan McGregor was the one saving grace of the film with a good portrayal of  Obi Wan but Liam Neeson should thank God for letting him appear in  it.<br />Mr. Binks - it's all been said before.<br />After waiting for so long I  was expecting a much better film than this.<br />Probably best to borrow this  rather than buy it, because it is worth watching.<br />May the next one be  better
B000031XCR|5.0|This is a great album, it includes many of Celine's best works. It represents the range and beauty of her voice.
B0000032LS|5.0|Rocky Horror Picture Show is the definition of genius, and one of its most brilliant points is the music.  From the outrageously excellent Tim Curry's hilarious and seductive &quot;Sweet Transvestite&quot; to the somewhat overpalyed but still classic &quot;Time Warp&quot; (not to mention its MANY  renditions on this album) to the catchy &quot;Toucha Toucha Touch Me&quot;  to MeatLoaf's capitally spiffy &quot;Hot Patootie&quot;, it's all too great  for words.  BUY IT!
0671867369|5.0|I have to agree with the review by my fellow alumni of Brandywine H.S., John Tims, that this is a excellent book which really brings home the extraordinary feats and acomplishments of the fighting men of the 101st Airborne.  One of the men mentioned in the book, Forrest Guth, was likely  our Industrial Arts teacher in High School.  I remember him as a quiet,  unassuming man who enjoyed teaching.  I had no idea of his involvment in  the 101st Airborne in WW II and I certainly have a new found respect for  him after reading this book.
0790736039|5.0|Horror?   Naw.. This movie is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen!  The blood, the shower scene, the spider... It goes on and on.  Halloween..2 AM.. Pitch black darkness... couldn't stop laughing.  Honstly  people, it won't let you down.
B00001QEBQ|4.0|Disney's Mulan is a solid, well-crafted film.  <br />The animation is engaging; the new crew created a unique style and some truly breathstealing cinematic sequences (The horde of Huns rivals the wildebeest stampede from  Lion King).<br />However, the Disney musical format doesn't quite fly in  Mulan.  The numbers don't contribute anything to the otherwise epic Eastern  feel of the film (the best song is sung by... Donny Osmond?).  On the other  hand, I had expected to be thoroughly annoyed by Disney's penchant for  cutesy sidekicks, but found myself instead pleasantly amused and  entertained by Eddie Murphy's dragon character and his cricket  chum.<br />Beyond these small quibbles, what makes Mulan a  &quot;purchase&quot; film for me, is the strength of the characters and the  story told through them.  Aside from Belle, Mulan is the only Disney  heroine to fully hold her own without dependence on a &quot;Prince  Charming&quot;.  Courage is the mainstay of all the protagonists in Mulan.   And the Hun villain was impressively wicked.  It's refreshing to see a  Disney film drawn from a source largely unfamiliar to Western viewers, and  aside from the minor gripe about the music, I highly recommend it.
0783240503|5.0|This video version of &quot;Joseph&quot; is a complete delight. I never thought they could capture the fun and excitement of the stage version of this show, but they did. Andrew Lloyd Webber's music is wonderful with  numbers ranging from calypso, to Elvis take offs to heartbreaking ballads.  Many of the numbers are almost impossible to get out of your mind.Donny  Osmond is even better than he was when I saw him live, on stage.The whole  cast is equally good - even Joan Collins in what is really a bit part.  After viewing it the first time, I immediately rewound the tape and watched  it again. It is a tape that can be viewed over and over. You find something  new each time. I have purchased 3 copies as gifts and each recipient has  liked it as much or more than I do.
B000002UAR|5.0|This towering achievement of rock experimentation sounds as fresh today as it did in 1966, which is a remarkable feat. The songwriting is various and intelligent, combining acerbic rockers with emotional ballads in an eerie pageant. The Beatles somehow managed to align their great inquisitive,  innovative studio seekings with a fundamental accessibility. Fans of this  era may also enjoy &quot;Fifth Dimension&quot; by the Birds, &quot;Face to  Face&quot; by the Kinks, &quot;Flowers&quot; or &quot;Between the  Buttons&quot; by the Rolling Stones, and of course &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;  by the Beach Boys.
6305627347|5.0|It's vulgar.  It's obscene.  It's profane.  It's offensive.  It's socially irresponsible.  It's suggestive.  It's inappropriate.  It's politically incorrect.  In short, it's a masterpiece.
0790729628|3.0|Won't waste your time with movie analysis, just the DVD complaints:<br />1. No extras, like commentary, outtakes, etc.<br />2. No 5.1 sound<br />3. No DTS<br />4. Doesn't include both versions: with voice over and without.<br />I  keep reading a new version is due out. Consensus seems to be wait and see  if Warner addresses any of these complaints before buying. That's what I'm  doing.
B00000163G|5.0|This is a hip-hop must have.It has got 27 songs and all of them are just great.If you don't have this CD go buy it cause you need it !
B00000DHRZ|2.0|I bought this cd about a year ago, as I was listening to it, I thaught that it was crap and not to compare with the old stuff of The Offspring like Ignition or Ixnay on the Hombre. But after listening it about 20 times I think that it isn't so bad, it's a funny rock CD. Americana can't be  compared with Offspring, Ignition, Smash and Ixnay of the Hombre.
0226264017|4.0|It is ironic that the book (an attempt into political theory by a leading economist) has given me some of the answers that I could not find in any Economics textbook. However, one warning: the book, outstanding when it  deals with economic issues (International Financial Agreements, Monetary  Policy and Fiscal Policy) is weaker in the more &quot;political&quot;  chapters. Mr. Friedman justifies public financiation of schooling in terms  of neighborhood effects: society as a whole benefits of my going to school,  therefore, it should pay for it through taxes. This is of course just an  economist's approach to the matter.I suspect the valid justification is  more one of priciple: if one of the main sources of inequality is different  education (and therefore, ASPIRATIONS), then let's try to promote at least  equal opportunities by granting access to school for everybody. For a  broader perspective of these subjects, I suggest Ludwig Von Mises'  &quot;Liberalism,the classical tradition&quot;.
630310696X|5.0|The first feature film to bring the horrible AIDS crisis to light.  Tom Hanks (&quot;That Thing You Do&quot;, &quot;You've Got Mail&quot;) is exceptional as the AIDS stricken Attorney who files a wrongful dismissal  suit against his prestigious law firm.  Brings to light the horrible  consequences of how society was dealing with AIDS (and more importantly,  gay people with AIDS) in the early 90's.  We've come quite a ways since,  but still have far to go.  Features Denzel Washington &amp; Antonio  Banderas (&quot;Evita&quot;).  Ironically, a short time after the movie was  released, a real-life case similar to the one in the movie occurred in  Philadelphia, the City of Brotherly Love.  The movie is a well-written,  well-acted emotional roller-coaster ride through issues of love, hate,  family-relations and pride.  The most moving piece for my father (my  parents saw this in the theatre before I did) was the scene featuring Tom  Hanks and Denzel Washington with the striking classical music.  The  soundtrack for the film alone is touching and poignant.
B0000214F0|5.0|People ask me this all the itme, and I have to say: rather effortlessly.  Yes, this movie is trash, but it is the king of all trash.  We need to experience trash now and again to remind us what good art looks like.   <br />When I first saw this film it was at a midnight showing, and I'll admit  I went expecting the worst.  Well, I had no idea what I was in for.  After  it was over I walked home through the seedy streets of a near 3:00 AM  Chicago, devoid of any fear or trepidation, for I had endured a pain far  worse than anything reality could inflict.  Those with me decided to never  speak of the movie again, but now that some time has passed I must admit  that anything that disquieting should be recognized.  Buy this movie simply  to remind yourself of the depths humanity can sink to.  Enjoy.
B00000DLVA|5.0|I turn it on and I don't need to skip any song on it. My favorite tracks are 1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 10. I'd recomend it. I don't know much about the Cardigans but I bought the CD out of curiousity and I love it. I also found  a song that I've been searching for since August '99. I heard &quot;Hanging  Around&quot; on the flght back from Switzerland on the Swissair radio. I  looked for it like crazy but I couldn't find it. I didn't know what it was  called at the time. I found all the other songs I was looking for. And then  I ordered this CD and got a big suprise. I finaly finshed my search. Buy  this CD.
0871137380|5.0|Being a military variable wing aircraft enthusiast, I have read a number of books written by Vietnam veteran helicopter pilots and was amazed at their acts of heroism performed for their comrades on the ground. One of  the elements of this story, which, by the way, makes a rather chaotic 24  hours very comprehendible for the reader, is about the equally heroic deeds  performed by men on the ground for their downed pilots. One can't help but  feel pride for the men and women of the armed forces, who put their lives  on the line for the United States and everyone within its borders. An aside  to that is that one of the funniest things I have ever read was the part in  this book about the soldier's matter-of-fact approach  to...um...self-gratification. It's a short paragraph...but absolutely  hilarious.
6303168507|5.0|Steven Spielberg's &quot;Schindler's List&quot; remains one of the greatest of all movies, and one of the most effective. This is an example of incredibly powerful cinema. The movie is rich in everything from design  to casting and especially cinematography. It's fitting the Spielberg films  the movie in black and white, because it makes some statement of the era  and reflects the darkness of it. Never have the horrors of the Holocaust  been shown so realistically and convincingly on screen. Spielberg shows the  perverse nature and evil of the Nazis in all their realism.  &quot;Schindler's List&quot; is unforgettable and moves the viewer to  tears. There are tears of sadness, rage, happiness and admiration. Liam  Neeson gives a fantastic performance that never lacks power. This is what  dramatic filmmaking is all about. &quot;Schindler's List&quot; will never  lose it's power and will endure for many years to come.
6305426694|4.0|If you enjoy the ABC television series &quot;The Practice&quot;, you are sure to enjoy this suspenseful legal drama, based on a true story of corporate abuse.  Though we are not a big fan's of John Travolta, he is  very good in his role as the &quot;eager money-seeking&quot; lawyer he  plays in this film.  I particularly enjoy films based on true stories,  because there are so many stories of injustice in America, why make up new  ones?  This one follows several small and large companies (Beatrice Foods  is named specifically) who (basically) poison a community through several  legal and moral violations of environmental law.  The film leaves you  wondering how such injustices continue to occur in America?  It should also  make you question each and every major corporation you do business with.  The film captures the irony of lawyers at their best and their worst.  The  movie closes with an interesting twist - the one issue that the legal team  lost focus on during their attempt to find justice.
6302732875|5.0|Possibly one of the finest ensemble films ever made! Acting teachers should show this movie scene by scene, it is that brilliant. Mamet's sticatto dialogue is mesmerizing. Al Pacino is alternately smooth, with his  slick, salesman's pitch, and menacing with his biting, angry verbal  attacks. Jack Lemmon, the master of subtly, is wonderful. But, Kevin  Spacey, steals the scenes with his quiet, pensive and, ultimately, cunning  performance. (And you can download the wavs @ his website to amuse your  co-workers!) You'll watch it over and over! Enjoy!
B000000OQF|5.0|Whenever I listen to GNR, it always gives me an adrenaline rush, especially classic tunes like Mr. Brownstone, You're Crazy, and Welcome to the Jungle. Maybe it's Axl's dancing. Who knows.... but Appetite For Destruction is an EPIC record in more than one way. <br />First of all,  there's Welcome to the Jungle... Once that opening riff starts... you're  hooked. The first hit from Guns, WTTJ is a blues-rock powerhouse of a song  that clearly stands out. It's So Easy, Nighttrain, Out Ta Get Me... all  great tracks..... but 5 and 6 (Mr. Brownstone and Paradise City,  respectively) totally ROCQUE in every sense of the word. Brownstone, GNR's  anthem to drugs and decadence, is possibly the catchiest song on Appetite.  Paradise showcases the group's awe inspiring talent.... it nears 7 minutes  in length, has a great intro, and is heavy as an obese elephant. <br />My  Michelle fits as much hate as possible into 3 minutes. W. Axl's chilling  vocals coupled with a doom-laden riff, make the verses unforgettable. As  for Think About You... ICK! It's OK... but absolutely NOT Gunny.<br />Now's  time for the masterpiece. Sweet Child O' Mine's &quot;tender&quot; lyrics  could scare you at first, but the guitar work really turned Slash into my  hero. It's riff is SOOOO damn catchy and sticks to your mouth like peanut  butter on the brain.... the bass KICKS, too. But, NOTHING compares to the  solo. I could go on for hours and hours about how great this is. Whenever  it plays, the hair on my neck rises. This minute of bliss starts out  decent, but when that drum fill strikes..... INDESCRIBABLE. Sweet Child's  solo was enough for me to buy Appetite instantly. The end is almost as  good.<br />Rocket Queen makes a great ender to such an epic... switching songs  and heading back... and You're Crazy is one of the best songs around....  COULD this be a concept album? That would be cool. Ya never know. What I do  know is that..... APPETITE FOR DESTRUCTION IS GREAT AND SHOULD BE OWNED BY  _EVERYBODY_!
1570427496|4.0|This is an amble you'll not soon forget.  Often touching, sometimes deeply poignant, this book seemed to speak to my soul.  The easy cadence of the words as Nicolas Sparks reminisced was captivating.  The characters were  well fleshed out in my minds eye as the story progressed and a boy grew  into a man.  This book may cause you to re-examine some of your own  pre-conceptions about people who are `different'. Recommended!
6302610702|5.0|Probably the two best known trilogies in the history of cinema are the &quot;Star Wars&quot; trilogy and &quot;The Godfather&quot; trilogy. To look at all three films by Francis Ford Coppola is to look at three  examples of great cinema, of great acting and composition. The first  &quot;Godfather&quot; is a true masterpiece, full of so many characters and  such a moving story. Marlon Brando is unforgettable in probably his best  role. It's also a great parable on the son taking over for the father, of a  bloody family tradition being passed down the generations. And the funny  thing is, even the son who didn't want anything to do with the family  business, Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), is eventually the one who ends up  commanding it. &quot;The Godfather Part 2&quot; is a brilliant look at both  the father and son at the same age. Coppola shows us the rise of Michael as  a ruthless mafia don and the ascendance of Don Vito from part 1 in the 20s  as a crime boss as well. Coppola nicely balances both, and created a weird  moving experience. The movie is elegantly mounted and goes out further than  the first one, even takes us to Cuba where Michael flees the night of  Castro's takeover. Everything from the sets, suits and music is rich. And  the ending is haunting.  &quot;The Godfather Part 3&quot; finalizes the  saga as we see Michael as an old man, already tired of the violence and  wants to legitimize his family. But the past is seductive, and Michael is  pulled back in. This movie is rich in cinematography and music. It has a  lot of style and great performances by Pacino and Andy Garcia as the  trigger happy Vincent. The movie is haunting in it's own way, and exciting.  It's great to watch this and connect it's threads with the other two. With  part 3 &quot;The Godfather&quot; series ends on the right note. Every film  in this collection is a masterpiece and Coppola's best work. It's an  example of true cinema.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|This movie is amazing. Bill Muray is awesome and as funny as ever. The movie is like the old cartoon TV show, but funnier. This is the best ghost movie ever, and it's not to scary......
6303369170|1.0|I rented this film thinking that it would be a great drama because of stars like Johnny Depp and Jerry Lewis.  I was wrong.  This movie started out okay because it is a story of a kid who goes back to be at his uncle's  wedding.  However, when he gets back to Arizona, the plot goes downhill.   It seems promising when it looks like this film is going to be about the  reconciliation between Jerry Lewis and Depp characters.  However, these two  ladies enter the film and things get weird.  Somehow, the Depp character  goes from being a best man in the uncle's wedding to building flying  machines for a psycho lady.  Also, I have no idea why the Jerry Lewis  character kills himself, and it seems his bride-to-be gets totally lost in  this picture.  The younger of the two ladies who the Depp character  encounters in the dealership mades me wish she killed herself right from  the start.  Her character totally brought down the film.  In closing, this  movie is a complete waste of time, and if your a Johnny Depp or Jerry Lewis  fan, don't expect much from this movie.
B000000YBQ|5.0|This is a stunning recording. The level of empathy between themusicians, but the level of freedom in their playing is quiteastonishing. Nothing before or after (including work by Bill Evans), except for Sunday at the Village Vanguard, reaches the same levels of improvisation while also creating a singular mood of calm and beauty.... This recording does in fact embody many characteristics of 'free jazz' in that there is very little structure to the overall interplay of the individual performers. Each musician plays as if in isolation when heard on a superficial level (as when one concentrates on the individual playing), but together create a coherent whole. This is, in fact, the ultimate free jazz and, indeed, the ultimate jazz recording. The seemingly contradictory combination of improvisation and freedom with amazing ensemble interaction yields a recording which reaches the zenith of what the jazz musical form can accomplish. A recording that no serious jazz fan can be without.
6303234844|5.0|This is one of the few music videos I would consider my &quot;greatest music videos of all times.&quot;  As a collector of music video on various formats, this piece ranks at the top of my list, with a close second-place  of Roger Waters The Wall, Live in Berlin.<br />If you're looking for great  entertainment, enlightenment and a moving experience, this IS the ticket to  a great show.<br />In addition to the performance by 'the band,' you'll get a  kick out of the excellent sound quality and videography.  Those who know  Paula Cole from her other works will enjoy seeing her in this performance  and appreciate her sensuality and style.<br />If you can find a better concert  on tape or DVD, let me know - I haven't seen it yet!
B000002GGO|5.0|One of the few CDs that you can listen to repeatedly without getting burned out. Without question, the best from Simple Minds. Unfortunately, this CD is difficult to find these days.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I just bought &quot;Human Clay&quot; a couple of days ago!  I will admit, i was afraid to get it because I was afraid that it wouldnt be as good as &quot;My own prison.&quot;  Boy, was I wrong....  I have listened to it  over and over again!  I like every song on this CD except for the first  song &quot;Are you ready?&quot;  I must say my favorite songs on here are  &quot;What if&quot; of course but &quot;With arms wide open.&quot; and  &quot;Wash away those years&quot; are by far the best cuts on this CD.  &quot;Inside all of us&quot; really touched me too.  Just go out and buy it  and you will see what I mean!
B00003CXDU|1.0|Don't believe the hype! This film would barely cut it as a made-for-tv movie. The story is obvious and boring. The characters are unimaginative and dull. Tim Allen is a little too self-satisfied with his phoned-in  performance. Making fun of Trekies is like shooting fish in a barrel.
B000002KHF|5.0|Van Morrison works in two musical styles, spiritual and soulful.  This is his best album in the latter category as well as being an all time classic rock masterpiece.  Check out the classics &quot;And it Stoned Me,&quot; &quot;Caravan,&quot; and the title track as well as the sweet &quot;Into  the Mystic,&quot; and the lovely &quot;Brand New Day.&quot;  Van has never  surpassed the singing and songwriting ability he shows here.  Simply put,  this album is so good it could function as a &quot;best of&quot; all by  itself.
0670451495|5.0|What we have is a group of ducklings, led by their fearless and protective  mother, traveling across Boston. Trouble is, like children, they are tiny,  and get intimidated by the bigness of Boston.<br />A kind policeman helps them  out, as do the people of the swan boat, easing the stress of the  journey.<br />A few books should matter to children. This one matters to me.  The alliteration, the dance of the words is supurb, yet the pictures are  far from an afterthought.<br />As a picture book with no social ore political  agenda, it is a delight to read aloud. Moms and Dads and big siblings will  love going through the challenging duckling names quickly (Zack and Lack  and Mack, etc.) without getting tongue-tied.<br />Your library will have this  book, but buy it. Get the hardcover. I still have the one my mom bought me  in the late 60s or early 70s.
0767849493|4.0|Kevin Smith is great.  Every movie of his that i released, I see right away and this one is no exception.  Dogma was a really interesting movie, and although some of it went over my little 16-year-old head, i enjoyed  this movie a lot.  Chris Rock was hilarious and Jason Mewes as Jay was  great as always.  Religion has always been a very touchy subject, so kudos  to Smith for going through with this amazing movie.
B000002L3P|5.0|Kenny Wayne Shepherd continues to get more and more amazing. His debut CD has got some of the most fantastic blues tracks to come out in years. Though the album is carried by songs such as &quot;Born With a Broken Heart&quot; and &quot;While We Cry,&quot; the best has got to be  &quot;Shame, Shame, Shame.&quot; However, this laid-back, awe-inspiring  tune is even more mind-blowing when KWS performs it live with Noah Hunt  (who with his sexy baritone is 1,000 times better than the lead singer on  this CD, Corey Sterling). A must-have for any blues/rock fan.
B000002KAT|5.0|Van Morrison works in two styles, the spiritual and the soulful.  This album, along with &quot;Into the Music&quot; are the best examples of the former.  Be forewarned, there are some LONG tracks on this album, and they take their own sweet time unfolding.  For those who appreciate gorgeous  melody and swirling soundscapes, it simply doesn't get any better that  &quot;Madame George,&quot; &quot;Ballerina&quot; and the title track.  Along with Van's &quot;Moondance,&quot; this is a truly vital addition to  any rock fan's CD collection.
B00003CXDU|2.0|I was disappointed in this film because I have been a fan of Star Trek for many years. There were a few moments that were humorous, but I kept waiting for the film to go somewhere. Maybe my sense of humor is delegated to films  such as &quot;Hot Shots&quot;, &quot;Naked Gun&quot;, &quot;Airplane&quot;,  etc. If it relied more on Star Trek where you could identify the characters  or situations, it might have been funnier. It just seemed that there were  alot of scenes where the actors were running around with nowhere to go.
B00003CWOL|2.0|View Askew is putting out a more fully loaded version of Dogma later this year with commentary, deleted scenes, etc.  So rent this DVD if you must, but don't buy it.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie has a special, significant meaning for me.  Not just because it was my boyfriend's and my first date, but because I actually saw it in a theater!<br />I absolutely loved it...  as a fan of animation (and an artist  myself), I found the animation visually stunning, far surpassing anything  in America.  I'm almost tempted to get a DVD player just for this  movie.<br />The soundtrack is also amazing...  I enjoyed every minute of this  movie, not just with the added bonus of seeing it in the theater.  It is  definitely worth seeing if you love animation, or if you just love good  stories.
B000002KBD|4.0|This album contains &quot;Domino,&quot; perhaps Morrison's best known song as a solo artist.  Unfortunately, coming on the chronological heels of masterwork albums &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; and &quot;Moondance,&quot; this one is a little bit of a disappointment.  Still, there are some great songs  here, including &quot;Blue Money,&quot; &quot;I'll Be Your Lover,  Too,&quot; and &quot;Call Me Up in Dreamland.&quot;  Morrison as always is  in fine voice and the soulful music recalls &quot;Moondance.&quot;  Overall, however, this is an uneven album with numerous bright spots.
0064407667|5.0|This entire series is an excellent read!  I purchased the books (all four) for my seven year old daughter who is a voracious reader.  Not only did she love them but my husband and I found them entertaining as well. Although  the series does not have the &quot;feel good&quot; story line most books in  this age group have, it is still excellent literature.  I particularly like  the way Lemony Snicket defines some of the words the children may not find  familiar. It is a pleasure to see an author step away from the ordinary!
B00003CXDU|4.0|Have you ever had to watch your neighbors' kid because they had no other options? Because you were the last resort?  My wife dragged me to this movie--I'm not much of a sci-fi or Tim Allen fan--and I consented because  no one else would go with her.  Yes, I was her last resort.  So there I was  watching Tim Allen, Alan Rickman, and Sigourney Weaver ham it up as TV star  has-beens, imprisoned by their past glory and looking for the chance to  truly shine, and...I found myself liking them.  I found myself chuckling,  then out-loud laughing. Rickman's dry personality, in particular, had me in  stitches. From the outset, I knew this would be corny--and it was,  intentionally so.  In the process of laughing at the rabid sci-fi fans  portrayed in the film, I found myself becoming one. &quot;Galaxy  Quest&quot; dabbled into the action and comedy genres without losing its  sci-fi touch. It never strayed too far from its light-heartedness, and I  walked out of the theater thinking we just might have to buy &quot;the  neighbor's kid&quot; on video.
B00004T0P1|5.0|What a fantastic soundtrack. Disney have released some great CDs, but Dinosaur has to be one of the most enjoyable esp. the feel of the tropical which is not far different from what we all enjoyed in Lion King. Track  number 2,3,4 and 7 have to be the most exciting. The soundtrack may not be  to the linking of a younger listening audience as it lacks the typical  invlovment angle of lyrics to songs for youngsters to sing along to, BUT it  works perfectly as an album due to the variety of styles and mood.  Fantastic!
B000000WFZ|5.0|Whenever I listen to this soundtrack, I find myself almost in another world.  This music has the ability to transport you to another almost mystical place.  It is truly a masterpiece.  At points, it is haunting.  At  other points it is uplifting.  And still at other points, it has the  ability to evoke both joy and sorrow with the same notes.  You can not go  wrong by purchasing this soundtrack.
B0000028WD|5.0|This is a great album...let's start like that.    Eric Clapton is just plain PHENOMINAL, Tom Petty is great, Harrison is great, the worst being Dylan himself.   I by far prefer the 2nd CD with Clapton's &quot;Don't Think Twice&quot; and the all star jam on &quot;My Back Pages&quot;.....GET  THIS!
B0000214F0|3.0|After viewing the Unrated DVD of &quot;Caligula&quot; I felt that it is an overhyped film.  I don't know how historicaly accurate it is, but those offended by heavy doses of violence need not apply.  Basically it is a  dramatically mediocre movie with hard core porn and repellent violence  throughout.  Some of the sets are impressive, &quot;Caligula&quot; could  have benefited from better camerawork.  The acting is good (under the  circumstances) and McDowell does a good portrayal of insanity.  All in all,  its worth watching, but you're not missing anything if you haven't seen it.
B000003N7G|5.0|I am student teaching in Austin and just used this recording in class. It was paired with Micheal S. Harper's poem 'Dear John, Dear Coltrane.' Of course, they could not fathom the complexity of the music or the journey it  took Trane on. They are freshmen.  That said, this record confirms  Trane's place as one of the five most influential musicians of the past  century regardless of genre. His playing on this recording cannot help but  strike a chord in any listener--the spirituality Trane was seeking is  evident.   For first-time listeners, I would not suggest this album;  instead try 'Blue Train' or 'Favorite Things.' 'A Love Supreme' is an album  that you have to work towards as a listener. It cannot be your initiation  into the world of Coltrane. If you wait, you will be rewarded accordingly.
B000002H72|5.0|To start off, and understand my review, I am a 16 year old guy who likes all the old alternative shtuff (Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, etc etc...) Now the first song I heard off this CD was Here Comes Your Man. I  didn't have a clue who it was by, but I thought it was one of the catchiest  songs of all time. That was when I was 7. Now, I hear a song called Debaser  (the first track on this album). I love it. Exactly my style, by a band I  have never heard of before. I figure they're a hip new one-hit wonder rock  band, and then I hear Here Comes Your Man again and find out they're by the  same band. But wait, these songs sound absolutely nothing alike, yet they  are both amazing. So I pick up the tape when I'm 10 (this is 1994, I was  listening to Green Day) on impulse at a local record store. I take it home  and listen, and I love the entire album. Not one song is able to be  skipped. Gouge Away, Debaser, Where Is My Mind, and Monkey Gone To Heaven  are my absolute favorites. Then, I still didn't know when the album was  actually released. And I just found out today that it was 1989. This has  got to be the most ahead of its time album ever. Listen to Dead. Then  listen to Nirvana's Nevermind album. Hear any similarities? Get this album  any way you can, it will stay with you for life.
0671721720|5.0|&quot;The Honor of the Queen&quot; is a triumph.  There is simply no other word for the powerful effect of this book.  His characters have so much depth, his descriptions have so much punch, and his vision has so much  detail that you are drawn into the gravity well of a story from which even  light could not escape.<br />I don't take the time to write on-line reviews of  books I thought were &quot;okay&quot;; I'm submitting this review to tell  anyone who loves a great story that the whole Honor Harrington series is  well worth checking out.
6303303463|4.0|As a Queen fanatic I love this video. I was disappointed however, that this is Queen live, but not really live... By that I mean that it was cut together and they left out one of Queen's greatest live songs: Love of my  life. All the special effects and the fast cuts make it seem more like a  videoclip. The live atmosphere gets through once in a while, but not quite  like in the We will rock you DVD. Live at Wembley has much better quality  of film and sound, but you don't feel like you're actually there. If you  are a Queen fan, get this. If you want to see a real live concert get We  will rock you.
0679809015|5.0|This is an excellent book. My son loves the flaps and the pictures underneath. He also loves the sounds that I make with each picture corresponding to an animal. Highly recommend
0671042858|1.0|Stephen King got long winded with this short story and had to publish it as a book.  Don't waste your time reading this boring story.
B000002LMK|4.0|As if in response to the challenge of grunge,Neil Young assembles Crazy Horse for the first time since the lackluster LIFE album and tour.The results of the sessions recorded at Young's ranch form RAGGED GLORY;the  heaviest Neil has been since RUST NEVER SLEEPS.This is raw,brutal,take no  prisoners rock at it's finest.Crazy Horse is a musical tank,crushing all  underfoot.This colaboration yields such Young guitar classics as :LOVE AND  ONLY LOVE,DAYS THAT USED TO BE(sorry 'bout that,Dylan and Byrds),F****N' UP  and LOVE TO BURN.The guitar stab like daggers and shatter glass,with enough  feedback to send a metalhead into rapture.Luckily,the lyrics more than  match up with the sonics:COUNTRY HOME,WHITE LINE and MANSION ON THE HILL(as  well as the previously mentioned songs)rank with the best of Neil Young's  back catalogue.The only minor quibble I have is with MOTHER EARTH,which is  cluttered,muddy and messy.Apart from that,RAGGED GLORY ranks up equal with  EVERYBODY KNOWS THIS IS NOWHERE,RUST NEVER SLEEPS and TONIGHT'S THE  NIGHT;and it surpasses ZUMA and LIFE.Buy this immediately!
059035342X|5.0|The novel of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's stone is something that I read in Children's Liturature this semester. I was never aware of the entire contraversey about the series of books before we read them in class and then had a group discussion about what we liked and dissliked. We  pretended to have a town meeting to agree or not to have the books in our  school classrooms. We split into teams and the each assumed a role for a  person that would typically be at a town meeting. From there the debate  began and boy did people relly get into their character! We brought up the  normal topics about wether it is pushing withcraft or sorcery to our young  students. But we also talked alot about the positive effcts of having  something that is so out of this world in the classroom for our children to  read. By the end of the pretty heated debate there was almost a total  agreement that the book is a great way to entice a vivid imagination, but  that it should not be read a aloud for every studnt to be required to  listen to, but to be left on the reading shelf for volenteer reading time.  The aspects of differect &quot;cultures &quot; in a class are already  evident why not bring in a fantasy culture to to class?
B000000WA4|5.0|What to say about Smashing Pumpkins' masterpiece that hasn't been said already? Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is a profound and powerful work that defined and set a standard for nineties' alternative music. In  this two CD set, Billy Corgan offers his most poignant and musically  literate songs. Tracks such as &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; and  &quot;Thirty-three&quot; express joy and faith like no other songwriter has  with tunes that are pretty and catchy enough to sing along to. But the  Pumpkins are probably better known for their angry, heavy guitar songs like  &quot;Zero&quot; and &quot;Bullet With Butterfly Wings&quot; (probably  their most popular songs) that surge with pain and contempt. <br /> Most  people probably find it necessary to get used to Corgan's screeching  vocals, but once they do, they can find the greatness of his songs.  Lyrically, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness is full of poetry and  intelligence. Thank God that there is room in this Blink-182 controlled  music world for a band whose lyrics not only mean something, but are  powerful as well.
B00004SCS1|5.0|I bought System of a Down thinking that there were going to be no more than 2 good songs on it.  I was pleasantly surprised by this CD.  I first heard of them when I saw them at a Limp Bizkit concert in Peoria, IL.  They  were a great show, though they were just an opening band.  Every song on  the CD is excellent but my favorite is &quot;spiders.&quot;<br />Will
B000002U9L|5.0|This cd is great, takes you to a land where anything is possible.  You fall in sweet bliss as David Bowie seduces you with his lovely lyrics.
B000023VR6|5.0|its been a long wait.. but finally we got something good out of dr dre since the chronic.  i never particularly liked him as a rapper ..didnt really like his rapping in the SLIM SHADY LP..  so when this came out.. i didnt expect too much from him..  i was wrong!  my friend went out and  bought this CD and i listened to it.. and went out and bought it the next  day!  the beats are tight, the guest artists are awesome, and dre himself  is a pretty good rapper too!  maybe i never appreciated his music before,  but this sure made me like him! i think this is 1 OF THE BEST OF 1999!   check out nate doggs great vocals!  also look out for snoop dogg, kurupt,  eminem, and whoever the hell HITTMAN is.. well they all shine on this  album!  #18 PAUSE FOR PORNO is great for prank calls!  go out and get this  now!
6305169187|3.0|Those of you who complain about a lack of science in Hollywood shouldn't really be complaining. Movies are all about fantasy. But if you want to complain, Armageddon has to be the flagship of anti-science. Whilst pieces  of rock and giant vehicles can float across canyons and fly through the  air, a pole tossed from the air will land with exactly the same force as it  would on earth...on an asteroid. There was a great plot though - reminds me  of the old film &quot;Meteor&quot;. Good humor, especially when Bruce  Willis tries to shoot Ben Affleck for sleeping with Liv Tyler...not to  mention my fav charectar, the Russian cosmonaut. Still - how many of you  think a nuke explosion in space would look that way. And how come the guys  only saved the world in the nick of time - I would like to see them do it  with half an hour to spare sometimes. And they seemed very unlucky. Good  acting, good effects, bad science. 3 stars. And watch out for Liv Tyler in  2001 where she'll be staring as the beautiful Arwen in &quot;Lord of the  Rings&quot;. Whoohoo! I can't wait!
6301562941|2.0|I have only the VHS, and I must say the end ruined this movie, which was following so tight,well crafted and with good actin (although I think Mastrantonio ia a very bad actress). Anyway, I'll seek a DVD edition for  myself, to understand what the reviewers below are talking about. To say  this movie is better than &quot;TERMINATOR - JUDGEMENT DAY&quot; is a kind  of heresy, but , well, who knows...?
0780628543|2.0|Astronaut's Wife is a whole lot of hype over nothing. I really expected better, but it turns out that the movie is one of the worst ever for Johnny Depp and Charlize Theron. The movie tells the story of an alien taking over a human astronaut's body and procreating with the astronaut's wife. A story  I seem to here variants of over and over and over again....<br />Yep, 2  stars is VERY generous...
6303327982|1.0|It's a shame... I'm not worried about the so called &quot;violence&quot; shown in this movie, It doesn't bother me at all. I'm just shocked by the way Stone aloud his perverted brain to give an old message we all already  know: that Media RUles and we all accepted that. All right till now, but  the arrogant way he did (the same with &quot;JFK&quot;)is shocking, as he  sincerely believed he was making a masterpiece, and not only a piece of  visual MTV garbage!  A film to be watched never again. And some below say  it's a masterpiece.. Stone thanks you all !
B00000G3Q4|4.0|As we all know, this is one of the classics, and one of my personal favorites. This movie is one that all you horror fans must see. Evil Dead in my opinion is one of the best low-budget college films ever made, and  considering the lack of experiance and money these people had, this movie  is amazing. I gave it four stars for it's low-budget, incredible special  affects, and it's entertainment value. It lacks a full five because it's  not exactly perfect, but great because of what they did with what they had.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|It's not worth it. I for one, don't like Jennifer Lopez, not even her acting. That's another story. I though I'd give her a chance and listened to it..The beats on SOME songs are not bad. You hear more &quot;Puff&quot; stuff than her, plain and simple she can't sing.She sounds like she's  really &quot;trying&quot; to hold a note. DON&quot;T WASTE YOUR $
078401213X|4.0|It is often said that with genius sometimes comes madness.... The main character of this tale is indeed representative of this. He is a secluded mathematical genius on the verge of a profound discovery. Obsessed with his  work, he has isolated himself from the rest of the world, and he is  becoming more insane with every passing minute.<br />The idea that all of  nature...everything in the physical world can be understood in terms of  mathematics is an enticing one. This is how our main character attempts to  understand the world; by unlocking an &quot;ultimate&quot; mathematical  code with limitless applications....when he stumbles onto it, he is sought  by a mafia-like stockmarket firm, and equally mafia-like Jewish  organization which believes that he has unlocked the code that God put into  the Bible.<br />The style of the film is compelling and unique; it seems a  window into the chaotic mind of our main character...and the world in which  Aranofsky has created for us on screen is immersive. It is an amazing debut  for this young director, and nothing short of a great film.<br />A must-see.
B0000011MH|5.0|More than any other album I can think of, Happy Trails captures the essence of 60's San Francisco. Its unpretentious sound and the absence of band &quot;posturing&quot; (common with so many groups of that era) allows  the lisener to time- travel back to those days and glimse what it was all  about.
0805062971|4.0|Chuck Palahniuk's first explosive literary debut is a credit to his own intellect and ability as an author. Some will say that his quick, staccato style, and unique sentence structure make his story seem cheap. I disagree  STRONGLY. Palahniuk's style is not only original, it's the tempo of the  journey that we undertake through the narration of the nameless  &quot;narrator&quot;- a typical white-collar cubicle worker who is fed up  with his job, his life, and society in general.<br />He finds the solution in  Tyler Durden...<br />With Tyler Durden, I believe Palahniuk has created a  nihilistic icon for a fresh generation otherwise unexposed to the works of  existentialism and nihilism of the past. Some will say that the two  philosophies are irreconcilable...some will say that they are one in the  same. Tyler is the nihilist messiah embodied in the existential man; he is  the man who would dare to rebel against the hypnotic wave of consumer  culture in which he has seen his generation hopelessly immersed.<br />In Fight  Club, Palahniuk sets the stakes...he sets the ideologies through which his  characters are linked to much of our own dissident-ial withdrawl, and  often, disgust with the strength of modern consumerism.<br />Basically, Fight  Club is not a story; IT IS A STATEMENT. Palahniuk is making an observation  about our consumer culture. He is making a critique. He is asking, YOU, the  reader, to step back from yourself and take a look around. Palahniuk  doesn't like what he sees. He sees a generation drowning in the muck and  mire of an empty culture. Tyler Durden is not necessarily a terrorist  ideal; he is a warning, and he is a lesson. This could be our future. Tyler  could become a reality. Maybe we should toss aside our arrogance and try to  fix ourselves.<br />All in all, it is a POWERFUL novel. A MUST READ, even if  you're not an existentialist or a nihilist. There are lessons to be learned  within the texts and subtexts of it's pages.
B000001EAQ|4.0|This cd, I know, was written in 1997, but at the same time, it is more appropriate to view it from the perspective of our own time period.  Pop is not anywhere close to as popular as many of U2's other albums, and for a  very good reason.  Where the others rocked, and pleaded with your mind and  heart, Pop appears to simply bleat in the background.  This cd, though, is  much more than that.  Musically, it is not the fare one would expect from  U2, but at the same time, it is quite appealing.  The songs on this album  go from the techno-esque feel of (strangely enough) Discotheque to the rock  of The Last Night on Earth.  All of the songs are appealing, but the ones  that touch me the most are not the popular songs that have been given radio  play, but the quiet ones that speak oh so subtley, and softly to your soul.   Bono's voice reaches to the depths of your spirit on Please, and in Wake  up Dead Man, you almost want to break down and weep for the soul that Bono  is pleading with.  <br />I was listening to this cd the other night as I was  reading a book, and I was called out of my reverie not be the skill  portrayed in Staring at the Sun, but by the voice that called into my sould  and would not be ignored.  Pop was meant to be a comment on pop culture  itself, and it is a very haunting one that ends with a plea for the dead to  rise.  This is a very strong comment, and one that I would urge the reader  to buy as an album which will grow on you until the plea cannot be ignored.   Buy it, you will appreciate it, even if such a cry can't really be  enjoyed.  It is like a painful painting which one looks at to see what is  communicated, even if what is written is painful.
B00003W8NM|5.0|title- A great film to own, but wait for the DVD<br />Fight Club is a fantastic film... In it's original and unique style, Fincher has created a method of artisitic film that I'm sure will copied over and over  again.<br />But it's not the style that draws you to the film; it's the  immersive world of the nameless Narrator (Edward Norton), a world all to  familiar because it is ours.<br />Tough, gripping, and cynical, Fight Club  asks us to step aside and take a look at our own consumer culture and ask  ourselves if we like what we see: That is the real message at the heart of  the movie, and it is conveyed through the nihilistic icon Tyler Durden.  Durden's dark philosophy is not meant to be something imitated or looked up  to; Tyler is a warning, he is representative of the cultural dissident that  will inevitably be created by the empty consumer culture in which we live.  The message is that if we don't fix ourselves, Tyler may be our only  solution.<br />Even if you'd rather overlook the deep philosophical subtexts  within the film, Fight Club is an enjoyable, fast-paced, uniquely  staccato-styled film that grips you by the throat and won't let go. You  couldn't stop watching it even you wanted to.<br />The DVD version of Fight  Club, with it's endless extras, and capacity for INCREDIBLE home theater  experience, is probably one of the best DVD versions of a film that has yet  been released!
6305308659|5.0|I loved this movie.  The visual effects were great, but I don't care much about that. I loved the ideas in the movie, and the music was wonderful.<br />The world of Pleasantville was an exaggeration of 1950's  sitcoms, but it is only a question of degree.  In this world, as in 1950's  sitcoms, there is no real conflicts or serious problems.<br />The &quot;good  old days&quot; are a myth.  &quot;No coloreds&quot; signs in windows were a  reality.  Book burnings were a reality.  The only reason that book burnings  are not common now is that the have become counterproductive.<br />In this  movie, people gain color when they are shaken out of how they are supposed  to see the world, by real feelings.  The first sign of color was a simple  rose.  Yes, at the beginning, sex was shaking people out of their  world-view, but that passed.  Soon, books and art were opening people's  minds.<br />Don Knotts plays a character that is rather like Promtheus from  Greek mythology.  Instead of giving fire to humans, he opens up a world of  possibilities that they hadn't even been capable of experiencing.<br />The  movie is not &quot;preachy&quot; - it just expresses ideas.  Everything is  not a paradise at the end.  There still are problems to deal with, but the  point is that it is impossible to go back to a the &quot;good old  days&quot;, because they were not real.
B000002H6C|4.0|Yes, ladies and gentlemen, what we have here is their very last &quot;old-school&quot; album before they (gasp and shudder) &quot;sold out&quot; to the masses.  I listened to &quot;Justice&quot; while I was  work today, and so I felt prompted to write this review...<br />To put it  simply, this is a really good album.  I mainly bought it for  &quot;One&quot; (get the CD for this song ALONE if for no other reason),  which addresses the horrific reality of being a victim of war.  Then you  have other tracks which cover themes like the possibility of an  environmental holocaust (&quot;Blackened&quot;), corruption in the  political and judicial systems (&quot;...And Justice For All&quot;),  McCarthyism (&quot;The Shortest Straw&quot;), and freedom of speech vs.  censorship (&quot;Eye Of The Beholder&quot;).  The album also covers  depression, schizophrenia and paranoia, and child abuse (&quot;Harvester Of  Sorrow&quot;, &quot;The Frayed Ends Of Sanity&quot;, and &quot;Dyers'  Eve&quot;, respectively).  This is a serious, diverse album, lyrically and  thematically speaking.  Combine that with fast, loud guitars (and Jaymz'  commanding voice), and you have a classic right here.  And believe it or  not, I can here Jason's bass guitar on several occassions, but BARELY.   Let's hope a gold, remastered CD is in the works, so that we can hear that  bass guitar more clearly!<br />BTW, just because a band has &quot;sold  out&quot; doesn't mean they're not great anymore.  I have almost everything  they've put out (and yes, both of the Loads ARE good, just give both of  them a chance).  I, for one, am glad they only made one &quot;Justice&quot;  album.  And this is it!
B00003CXDV|5.0|I loved this movie.  It feels like a piece of fan fiction.   In fan fiction, there are several stories where the crew and cast change places.  What is amazing about Galaxy Quest is that it was even done.<br />I have been  to Sci-Fi conventions.  I have my own uniform - with captain's pips,  because if I am going to be a geek, I am going to be a high-ranking  geek.<br />The movie does play with Star Trek fans, but doesn't insult the  fans.  It's fun, funny, and actually has a plot.  If there really was a  Galaxy Quest TV show, I would watch!
B000001DTM|4.0|With their first album of the 90's, U2 decided to change their music.  Gone was the earnest, straight-forward, bare-my-soul rock that we've come to appreciate from this Irish foursome.  With &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;, the  guys experimented with synthesizers and loops as well as an assortment of  bleeps and bloops.  And for the most part, the experiment was a success!  From &quot;Even Better Than The Real Thing&quot; to &quot;Who's Gonna Ride  Your Wild Horses&quot; to &quot;The Fly&quot;, you go from one deep sonic  adventure to the next.  IMHO, this album and &quot;The Unforgettable  Fire&quot; are two of the best albums the band has put out!
B000002WFF|5.0|This CD is a great way for the new fan or the fan whose affection for Elvis is growing to truly discover the multifaceted vocal talents that Elvis possessed.  It takes you outside the &quot;overplayed&quot; standards  that everyone grew up listening to on the radio and thrusts the fan into a  broader realm of his great instrument.  Elvis' voice.
0800141660|4.0|I had to respond to the person who said the DVD of Sense and Sensibility was awful.  This is not the case.  This person is watching an anamorphic DVD on a non-widescreen TV and has not taken the DVD player out of 16x9  mode causing the problems.  The quality of the DVD is excellent.<br />As for  the movie, I thought it was great.  Gorgeous costumes and landscapes  throughout, and quite a bit funnier than most 'period' dramas.  The acting  is great all around.  I especially liked Hugh Grant, who I've come to enjoy  quite a bit in movies such as 'Sirens' and 'Restoration'.  Which are both  similiar to this one.  Great movie.
630575067X|1.0|This was one of the most disappointing movies I have ever had the displeasure of watching.  The plot wasn't even worth paying attention to, the acting was horrible, and the most interesting character, Darth Maul, is  see for about three total minutes.  When two talented actors like Liam  Neeson and Ewan McGregor are made out to look like cardboard figures it's  easy to figure out that the blame rests on Lucas' shoulders.  This movie  proves he may be a master of visiual effects (which are great), but he  needs some directing and writing lessons. And please kill that stupid Jar  Jar Binks thing.
B000021Y74|5.0|This movie was introduced to me in my German class.  From the first frame I was very much interested in the film's artistic qualities.  This piece is truly original and should be watched again and again.  The director of this  film is a genious because of its cast and technical qualities.  Great  soundtrack, as well!  Watch this film...you will like it.
B0000062FL|5.0|What A GREAT BLEND OF MUSIC? Santana Rocks Here.Mixing So Many Styles&amp;Feelings all at once.Oye Como Va is The Cut.The Music&amp;vibe here expands The Depths&amp;Genius Of Carlos Santana.His Guitar Tones Never  Leave Your Soul.They are A World Unto themselves.THis Album is Timeless.The  Music Here will Blow Your Mind.
1573225517|5.0|Anytime I tried to read this book in public, I got the strangest looks from people for laughing out loud.<br />Hornby captures the longing, ennui, humor and  bitterness of the single male so perfectly, that every guy is bound to see  some of himself in the lead character.  The use of \\"Top 5\\" lists  is a brilliant literary device.  It advances the plot in almost every  instance, while at the same time painting a complete and well-rounded  portrait of the protagonist (and his friends).  Plus, it's a fun way to  start a debate with your own friends.  The writing is sharp, the characters  real and the plot engaging.<br />As a footnote, I think the movie did a  wonderful job of adapting the book.  The book is better, of course, but the  film stays remarkably true to the spirit and letter of the original.  There  are entire passages from the book that are repeated in the script, which is  very, very rare among adaptations.
B000001E18|1.0|UNLIKE THE JOSHUA TREE&amp;ACTUNG BABY This Disc Never RIses Or CHallenges the Depth OF Lyrics&amp;Music that has Made U2 very Important in the first place.Lemon was good for a Laugh Like Much Of The Music here.This Disc is Like an Inside joke or Something.it Never Matches The Highs this Band has  ENjoyed.
0440234743|4.0|John Grisham's book The Testament follows a tried and tested formula that still works for him several years on.  This is good &quot;pot boiler&quot; that is thoroughly enjoyable from page one onwards.  There are several story lines to follow, mainly centring around the reading of the wealthy  Troy Phelan's will.  His greedy ex-wives and sycophantic children think  they will be the beneficiaries to his multi-billion dollar fortune.  However the old man has no intention of letting them inherit and he leaves  the bulk of his fortune to an illegitimate daughter whom just happens to be  a missionary in Brazil's Amazon forest.  Enter the enraged family's  lawyers, all scrabbling for a piece of the action, and you have once again  a fine John Grisham book that is as suspenseful as it is well written.  The  characters are larger than life, some grotesque, some sympathetic but all  wanting something from the dead man's will.  Even the hero Nate, a burnt  out litigator is looking for something, but unlike Troy Phelen's family he  at least has some redeeming qualities. This is more of an adventure story  than a thriller, but it has great Court Room scenes and a pretty good plot  too.  Well worth buying if you want a quality read with lots of court  action, and dialogue that goes at a cracking pace. A big thumbs up for this  novel.
0060254920|5.0|I am buying this book for my flower girl and ring bearer in my wedding.  This is a great book that everyone, including adults should own.  It is easy to read and has beautifully done illustrations.  It is a keepsake and  is fun to read again and again, especially to a child.
B000002C1V|4.0|i must have been spacing (not so surprising) when i first bought this album on vinyl.  i remember thinking it was ok.  i just got my cd version (since it was only ok, it took me over 10 years to upgrade) and what a  surprise.  the album is great.<br />different from the wall, which preceded it  and without as many &quot;radio singles.&quot;  but a well flowing, mood  inducing, exciting floyd product.<br />now it's near the top of my playlist  and certainly one of my current faves.
B000002GIE|4.0|Often over-shadowed by their other albums Pornograffitti and III Sides, Extreme's self-titled debut is a good hard rock/hair metal release.<br />Extreme combines the funky swagger of Aerosmith, the art-rock approach of Queen and the guitar pyrotechnics of Van Halen on their debut.   There is variety and solid songwriting on this cd.  From the Van  Halen-esque &quot;Teacher's Pet&quot; and &quot;Mutha, Don't Wanna Go To  School Today&quot; to the Queen-like &quot;Watching, Waiting&quot; and  &quot;Rock A Bye Bye&quot; to the funky, Aerosmith-influenced tunes like  &quot;Little Girls&quot; and &quot;Kid Ego&quot;, Extreme delivers on all  fronts.<br />And then you get the finale, &quot;Play With Me&quot;, which is  just pure fun and 100% Extreme.<br />I'll admit, some of the songs aren't  great but what they lack in greatness, they more than make up for in  energy.<br />Good album.  If you like Van Halen, Queen and Aerosmith, this may  be a cd you can get into.
B000002UB3|5.0|There was a time, in 1970, the first time that I heard the record album played, that the little song at the end, &quot;Her Majesty,&quot; was totally unexpected and produced the greatest surprise that I have ever  experienced in music.  It is no longer a secret~the CD lists it as the last  song.  It is definitely about a woman, and the description, &quot;She  doesn't have a lot to say,&quot; applies to a certain type of knowledge  which is becoming increasingly necessary in social situations, where the  level of comedy fits the belly full of wine scene.  Musically, there is a  tremendous amount of life in the bass line, and the song runs through a  surprising range of chords in a very short time.  The lyrics end with the  word, &quot;Mine.&quot;  This really is as good as it sounds.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I have been anticipating this album for the last year and when you wait for something so long then it's usually a anticlimax. Not true about Minor Earth/Major Sky. It's beyond my wildest expectations. It's a master piece  of pop/rock music.<br />A-ha songwriting skills are execptional. The melodic  music descripes their lyrics in great technicolour. Together the music and  lyrics create a visual image in your mind. Listen to the rock based Minor  Earth/Major Sky - it has a feeling of epic vastness to it. &quot;Little  black heart&quot; is spine chilling with it's haunting melody.&quot;Summer  moved on&quot; is classic a-ha. All the songs deserves a mention, the list  just goes on and on.<br />Over all the music can probably be descripe as  elecronic with acoustic instruments intertwined - they make use of the  acoustic guitar a lot which works beautiful. All songs sound different but  there is a unity on the album. Only A-ha can make beautiful melancholic  upbeat music. Good production really support the great music.<br />If you are  a A-ha fan then you'll love the album. If you don't know A-ha then check it  out if you want somthing different from today's mainstream pop that doesn't  have any artistic integrity.
6305776369|2.0|If you are a huge fan of Saturday night live and enjoyed &quot;A Night at the Roxbury&quot; this movie is perfect for you.  For anyone that wants to watch a hilarious comedy, look elsewhere.  I thought that several parts in  the movie were &quot;amusing&quot; not hilarious!  The movie is  entertaining, but is a typical ha! ha! I have plenty of money and don't  care what I watch, kind of movie.  If you are bored and don't have high  hopes, you will enjoy it.  If your hopes are high............ be prepared  to have them deflated.
6304240554|5.0|Warning-some spoilers ahead.This is a great zombie movie! It's probably the best I've seen so far and not to mention the goriest.Tom Savini delivers countless loads of gruesomely realistic gore and the film is a gore fan's dream.Intestines ripped from body,skin chewed off shoulder and arm ripped apart from blood pressure machine.Excellent! The acting is pretty good,the script above-average and the plot excellent.And what about the action? It's plentiful.Machine gun fu,bullet bouncin' fu and machete slicin' fu.The film was also highly entertaining and one of the most entertaining I've seen in a while.My only gripe? The zombies looked really dumb.They didn't even resemble zombies.They just had blue skin and nothing more.A zombie should look like this-bones and muscle exposed,blood oozing non-stop,clothes ripped and maggots crawling all over.Oh well,the same can't be said for how entertaining and gory the film is! Just buy this.It's a gory classic! Rated R-contains extreme violence and gore galore and some strong language.
0141301120|5.0|I thought this book was awesome. It was always interesting. To understand this book better you should read Charlie and the Chocolate Factory first. It was funny when the old people, besides Grampa Joe, got really angery  with Willy Wonka when they had to go so fast. I liked the craziness of  Willy Wonka like when he wanted to make a 2nd hole in the celling. I hope  you enjoy this book.
6303965415|3.0|While it is impossible to condense every particular of a novel into a 2 hour movie, Persuasion does a creditable job of capturing the taste of Jane Austen's touching and sweet little story of Anne Elliot's long-enduring  love for Captain Wentworth.<br />The director obviously took pains to make  this movie &quot;earthy&quot; - you'll see unkempt hair, wind-burned  cheeks, crumbs on a breakfast table, dirty hems, all little human touches  that are sometimes missing from the average brittle, formal costume  drama.<br />However, my one critcism is that I found &quot;Anne Elliot&quot;  to be rather wooden. A fine movie, but Anne skulks through it and flashes  her big eyes occasionally for effect; her metamorphosis from a thin, pale  old maid into a blooming pretty young woman is nonexistent. This is a minor  quibble, and not mean to deter anyone from purchasing what is really an  enjoyable film. &quot;Captain Wentworth&quot; is particularly attracitve  and boisterous and truly steals the show.
0394810112|4.0|I thought Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl was a fantastic book. He uses great description to describe words.  I always wanted to keep on reading to find out what was going to happen next. It is extremely  fantastic, I guarantee it.
0395974682|5.0|This book is indeed an excellent read. A very entertaining story that will appeal to the &quot;child&quot; that, hopefully, still lives inside us. <br />The tale that Tolkien tells us is rich in content and background. You  can feel while you read that there is more to the story than what you are  just reading. It is almost as if, while telling you Frodo's ordeals,  Tolkien brings you closer to a rich and imaginative world, full of legends,  myths, its own history, and above all, full of characters. All the implicit  and explicit references to other heroes, evils, adventures and  misadventures add a great deal to the story and to the entertainment it  provides.<br />Not only the book is imaginative, but is also well written. So  well written that it will compel the curiosity of your &quot;inner  child&quot; to keep reading. And if you look at it in a more subtle way,  you may even glimpse a sense of humor in Tolkien's imagination (think, for  instance, of the differences between the characters and how these  differences affect their actions, words, ways of thinking and dealing with  their problems). <br />It was a good friend who, while we were all on a  holiday trip, shared for a few minutes the book he was eagerly reading.  After that my mind was set: I had to, I wanted to read more...<br />And there  is indeed more to the story than what you just read. If you've read other  books of Tolkien, then you know there is more. But if this is your first  Tolkien, then don't be disappointed when you finish because there is more.  Yet, in my opinion, &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; is Tolkien's best.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I first saw Metallica w/ the SF orchestra on VH1- 'Until it Sleeps'. I bought the CD today- and it has been played for 6 hours. What a fusion of classical music and metal. The last time I bought such a unique CD was back  in college- Queensryche's 'Operation Mindcrime.' The richness of the  orchestra so carefully in sync with metal was flawless. James is singing  much better and clearer. This is perfection. A musthave for any metal  maniac. WOW- I only wish I could have been there for the show. It would  definitely rank up there with rich college memories- such as the US  FESTIVAL1983- around 380,000 people on metal day. Excellent work!
0380730367|5.0|It seems that each decade has a writer who has made an impression in the PI genre...Chandler, Hammett,Leonard. The new millennium has Dennis Lehane. As an avid reader and unpublished writer, I can appreciate the work that  goes into crafting a  good story.  Some authors are able to craft stories,  but don't have that &quot;internal gift&quot; that is given to only a few  fortunate writers.  Dennis Lehane is one author who has truly been blessed  with that gift. PRAYERS FOR RAIN comes at you like a speeding train, and  never lets up.  Lehane is a master at dialogue, his prose is sublime.  When  you find yourself caring about fictional characters, absolute in your  belief that they are real, you know you're reading a book by a great  writer. The Kenzie/Gennaro series should NOT be missed...I can't say enough  about Dennis Lehane.  My only regret is that I have to wait for his next  novel...I hope the wait isn't long.
B000002699|5.0|A remarkable and inimitable recording, although it seems many DJs are desparate to mimic it nowadays.<br />The amazing achievement of the record is that it is both accessible and incredibly revolutionary; but the revolution is in the method and the form, not the sound, and the sound itself is what  makes it work so well while still being an essential part of its  avant-garde qualities.<br />How does it sound?  Soothing, without receding  into the background, groovy, without making you want to dance.  Like all  great music, it entrances - it relaxes and captures the mind and heart at  the same time.<br />The revolution in the record is its construction.  Miles  and the group went on long, long jams in the studio, essentially free  improvisations based around simple material.  Later, the tapes were cut up  and spliced into these two tracks, a technique Miles borrowed from  Stockhausen.  Think of it as post-modern funk music 30 years before anyone  imagined the term, but so natural because it came from the fertile minds of  great musicians trained in improvisation, not just endless bass-lines and  drum breaks.  The music breathes and flows.  Soak it all in, and save your  money for the fall, when Sony comes out with the complete sessions, said to  run onto 3 CDs.  But this is essential nonetheless.
B0000027F3|5.0|This is one of priest's best albums,second to the amazing &quot;Defenders of the faith&quot;. Painkiller is a nice trip into a heavy metal universe that is seldomly heard in the 90s,no ballads in this one folks it is pure heavy metal from start to finish. Not quite as Melodic as the previous  albums and the lyrics are much darker, but the album is still great and the  music is very fast and heavy. The best songs on the album are Painkiller,  Night Crawler and One shot at glory ends the album with a very fast melodic  masterpiece.
B00003CXDV|4.0|When I went to see Galaxy Quest in the cinema, I was a little afraid that I wouldn't get half the jokes in the film, as I haven't got a large track record in science fiction - never saw any StarTrek, for example. And maybe  the Trekkies in the cinema laughed a little more than I did, but believe me  - there were plenty of laughs for me, too. The story is very funny, and the  acting is OK, too - the actors play the parts of actors, sick and tired of  their jobs, very convincingly. I bet that no-one were sick or tired taking  part in Galaxy Quest. And I don't think anyone with the slightest interest  in sci-fi or comedy could be bored watching it, either.
6305183023|5.0|You will believe.  <br />When I first heard about The Truman Show I was less than enthused with the idea of a tv show documenting the entire life of an individual.  Particularly with everything about that individual's life  being staged or simulated.  Like most garbage coming out of Hollywood it  was entirely too fake.<br />What I viewed however was a film with so much  humanity and lack thereof that it's hard not to get drawn in to the reality  of Truman's all too simulated world.  <br />To me the major question that the  film raises is what kind of society would not just tolerate but condone  this type of undertaking.  And perhaps an even bigger question is how  plausible is it that our present society would react just like the  characters in the movie.  The answer may be very disconcerting.  Or how  about the ethical lack of privacy issue and the audacity of any individual  to invade another's privacy in such a manner.  Or the low morals  particularly of Laura Linney's character who can at best be described as a  prostitute.<br />Forget about the legalities of such an undertaking, the film  (in my mind) raises the morality question of playing God and the lack of  morality of the viewing public.  Only 1 character in the whole film even  remotely thinks of Truman as a real person and not an object of amusement  or a creation.  He merely exists for their own pleasure or sympathy.<br />Yet  Truman, despite all that is stacked against him endeavors to break free and  know the truth.  One man... following his own voice despite all the signs  to the contrary.  To me that's powerful stuff.<br />Jim Carey is phenomenal.   It's too early to tell but he may be that rarest of individual who can be  great at both comedy and drama.<br />You will FEEL for Truman.  Not to be  missed.
0446525537|5.0|This is a beautiful, romantic, heartwarming story that will sure to leave you crying at the end.  But as the author states in his preface - \\"you have been forewarned\\".  I don't read many fiction books, yet when I do, I tend  to stick to favorite authors and Nicholas Sparks is one of my favorites.  I  was hooked after reading Message In A Bottle - another tearjerker.<br />I am a  hopeless romantic and I usually don't read romance books, but this book is  superb for all of you other hopeless romantics.  This book will tear at  your heartstrings and will linger with you for days.  I could not put this  book down and read it in two days.  I was immediately captivated and  transported into Landon Carter's world in the late 1950's.  Landon does an  incredible amount of \\"growing up\\" during his seventeenth year of life. The  minister's daughter, Jamie Sullivan, helps him to transform from a selfish,  self-absorbed \\"kid\\", to a young adult on the verge of manhood.  Landon  conveys traits of tenderness, and compassion, and learns about love and  faith and how to forgive, while his love blossoms for Jamie. Jamie is able  to bring out all that is pure and good from Landon.  It is this innocent  love that is all consuming that helps to foster Landon's growth and wisdom.<br />Jamie may be portrayed in the book as a \\"goodie two-shoes\\", but her  innocence, her unnerving faith and trying to live her life as God wanted us  all to live, endears her to the reader.<br />The book may be predictable in  parts, but that does not deter from the beauty of this story.  In the  conclusion, Landon realizes what love is and what it really means to love  another by helping  your love's dream become a reality.  Landon's heart  softens when he lets his true nature come through and shine - and shine it  does. Epitome of true love - most definitely!  With Landon's  transformation complete, the reader is completely absorbed with these two  main characters.  You can't help but fall in love with them.<br />Nicholas  Sparks - I congratulate you on another most tender and endearing story.<br />I absolutely love this book and recommend it heartily.  This is a must  read kind of book that can't help but uplift you as well.  Just keep your  kleenex handy!em.<br />Nicholas  Sparks - I congratulate you on another most tender and endearing story.   <br />I absolutely love this book and recommend it heartily.  This is a must  read kind of book that can't help but uplift you as well.  Just keep your  kleenex handy!
B00000JYGX|5.0|I love this album, and the show in Las Vegas is even more spectacular.  Marvelous singing, amazing and acrobatic dancing, incredible staging. It all brings this classical story to life in a way I'd never thought about it (having not read Hugo's book since high school).  Very different from  anything I'd seen in Las Vegas before - and it all started with me buying  this album.
B000001FTH|3.0|Feeling like a woman, looking like a man...are words from the track \\"Walking In The Rain\\" a hypnotic discoey song.  Grace Jones is an amazing person with unusual and compelling presence.  She is also an accomplished singer,  qualified to sing Edith Piaf's \\"La Vie En Rose\\".  <br />A veritable disco  queen of the 70's and model based in Paris for a time. With her trademark  haircut and cigarette protruding from her gob, Grace speaks fluent French  and is reputed to have intimidated Arnold Schwarzenegger with a  &quot;fighting stick&quot; and her level of aggression, whilst shooting a  scene in the movie \\"Conan the Destroyer\\".<br />Island Life is a \\"best of \\" CD,  and all songs are good songs, \\"Slave To The Rhythm\\" is another interesting  song containing subtle variations. If you only want one Grace Jones CD in  your collection, make it this one.
B000002X4T|5.0|The original vinyl recording proudly printed the rebellious lyrics, with one euphemism (&quot;Up against the wall, Fred&quot;).  The CD instead includes a rather unconvincing &quot;we-were-only-kidding&quot;  retrospective commentary.<br />Otherwise, &quot;Volunteers&quot; is an album  that desperately needs the &quot;skip&quot; button that the CD medium  provides.  There is some truly awful material, such as the long, painful  instrumental ending to &quot;Hey Frederick.&quot;<br />And yet. . .<br />This is  one of about a dozen records from the 60's that I feel a &quot;need&quot;  to own.  The lead vocalist on &quot;Wooden Ships&quot; is really Jorma  Kaukonen's guitar.  In my opinion, the lead guitar on that track alone is  worth the price of the CD.
0679722610|5.0|Not just a detective story.  This is a true work of literary genius. The Continental Op's crusade to clean-up Poisonville is an exploration of ethics and morals in America.  Hammett's lean, edgy style is as modern today as it must have seemed in 1929.  A must read after reading all other  Op stories, as well as a treat for the &quot;reading ears&quot; of anyone  searching for inteligent prose.
B00000DGXN|4.0|Given the all star line up and the usual chemistry between Burton/Corea and Burton/Metheny in their previous colloborations this record falls below expectations. Also as a reviewer has already noted, Corea's piano sounds  too thin. Having said that, the solos are crafted tight and &quot;to the  point&quot; and I enjoyed Haynes' subtle rhythms. Good staight ahead jazz  it may be, but nothing extraordinary.
0804106304|4.0|Amy Tan's novel deals with the trying mother-daughter relationships and their search for their own identity.  There are eight characters lives chronicled in the story, four mothers and four daughters.  Although the novel is centered around these four Chinese families, the Woos', the Hsus',  the Jongs', and the St. Clairs', it is a story all cultures can relate to.   The book is divided into four sections, the first introduces and gives  background of the mothers, the second develops the daughters, and the third  and the fourth sections continue the different stories.  The book is a  series of flashbacks that take place in both China and America in both the  mothers and daughter's lives.  It all begins with the death of mother,  Suyuan Woo, and the empty spot she leaves at the mah jog (a game her mother  invented) table.  Her daughter, Jing-mei &quot;June&quot; Woo, is asked to  fill the vacancy and learns of the sisters she has in China that her mother  had to leave behind many years before.  June has to decide whether she can  go and tell them of a mother they can barely remember because she knows  this is how her mother would have wanted it.  The book is about  self-discovery and about the characters being able to define by themselves  who they want to be instead of conforming.  Chinese customs, beliefs, and  superstitions are found throughout the novel most often spoken by the  mothers.  They find their Chinese culture a source of pride and do not want  to learn the American ways.  Their strong Chinese ways and their daughters'  persistence to follow the American ways builds a wall between them and  keeps them from having the relationship they all long for.  The book is  about breaking down the wall and going back to their roots, but the  question is can these diverse families find a common bond and share the  love they've held back.  The reader gets a first person point of view from  each character in the telling of her story and therfore, a futher  understanding of why each woman is the way she is.  The one trouble spot  with the book is the jump from character to character.  If your not careful  you could be lost before you realize.  It takes a second as you're reading  to remember which character you're reading about and the facts surrounding  her life.  The confusion should only last temporarily because each woman  has a memorable story full of trials and tribulations.  The book makes you  want to hug your mom, tell her you love her, and develop a better  relationship with such a wonderful lady.  _The Joy Luck Club_ is a moving,  heartfelt novel that captures your attention and emotions until the very  end.
6303402348|5.0|This is my favorite movie of any that I have seen in my twenty years. This movie is a hilarious, emotional, dramatic, and capturing tale of a man with a simple Anti-Socratic philosophy of life. He does nothing more than what  he is told to do. Soon enough he runs his way into a great deal of  excitement as well as danger. This is a movie I thought would be an  incredibly frivolous waste of time when I saw advertisements on television.  A dullard that accomplishes so much and is strategically placed at many  major events of the last thirty years seemed like a lousy idea. I was  pleasantly surprised when I placed my buttocks upon my seat in the theatre.  The score made me feel part of this movie from the start. The young actor  and actress playing Forest and Jenny started the film off great. The  narration by Tom Hanks worked great from the start as well. Gary Senise and  Robin Wright Penn were very moving as Lt. Dan and the adult Jenny and Bubba  was a great character too. The comedic use of the old cut scenes with the  presidents and such were fabulously done technically and worked well as  comic relief. They were designed to merely poke fun at those times. In a  realistic sense they don't affect the real story that much at all. The real  tale of Forest Gump is the romance between Forest Gump and his childhood  sweetheart Jenny. Robert Zemekis pushes all the right buttons when it comes  to this aspect of the movie. I ended up feeling sad for both Forest and  Jenny. The theme is truly a moving one. Forest's shortsightedness is his  greatest strength as well as his greatest weakness. Jenny could have been  saved if Forest had a greater understanding of the situations she was  putting herself in and how she was hurting herself. His inability to do  anymore than what he is told prevents him from getting the one thing he  wanted, Jenny. He becomes rich, a war hero, a famous athlete, and a good  citizen capable of providing in his community. In the end he winds up with  nothing but a child played by Haley Joel Osment from The Sixth Sense.  Perhaps this child is Forest's chance to help his son avoid the mistakes he  made. Little Forest has the intellect that the older Forest is lacking.  Just as in the beginning the feather flaps in the wind. Forest learns that  destiny is both predetermined and changeable. I couldn't ask for more.
B00003CXDV|4.0|To put it simply, Galaxy Quest is a breath of fresh Hollywood air because it is (A) Well-written (B) Clever (C)Funny (D) Well-directed. Though it helps to be a fan of cheesy 60's sci-fi, it isn't essential. Galaxy Quest  is delicious satire than anyone can appreciate.
6305807086|5.0|I liked this movie, IT IS VERY GOOD.
6305750750|5.0|The number one thing that most people forget when watching the Phantom Menace is that it is not meant for adults, it is meant for kids.  This movie is great nonetheless in my opinion.  It has a somewhat interesting  plot and a couple of twists and turns that I did not even predict despite  the fact that I had read a lot about this movie before it even came out.  The number one reason to get this movie though is probably the special  effects and the attention to detail.  Lucas is a master at making sure that  everything is there for a reason and makes sense for a reason.<br />This  particular edition is also really nice the half an hour introductory scene  about the making of the movie is very interesting and was very informative.  And this is a movie that has to be watched in Widescreen format to truly  understand the magnificent scope of some of the settings and scenes.  Plus  from a collector's viewpoint the film strip is kind of nice as  well.<br />Overall this is a great movie and I can't wait till the sequel, PS  wait till the very end of the credits and you can hear Darth Vader  breathing....
B00004STPT|1.0|----CAN'T ZIMMER OR HIS CRONIES EVER BE ORIGINAL... ...THIS IS SICKENING!  ----MUST HE ALWAYS REPEAT HIMSELF!  ----JOHN WILLIAMS OR DANNY ELFMAN WOULD HAVE PRODUCED A FAR BETTER AND MORE ORIGINAL SCORE THAN THIS. ----I SUPPOSE, IF YOU AREN'T A SERIOUS SOUNDTRACK COLLECTOR, THIS  AIN'T A BAD BUY....BUT IF YOU ARE, SKIP IT THERE ARE BETTER SCORES OUT  THERE.
0684872153|5.0|It is amazing that a man could live through the things Mr. McCourt did and not only find the courage to write about it, but to be humorous and uplifting about it.  The child in the book knew his lot in life and still  enjoyed it.  What a lesson for us all to appreciate the things we have and  love those around us while we have them.  This book was inspiring and oddly  enough, although it was terribly depressing in many parts, it was genuinely  uplifting as well.  The courage and strength of Frank and his mother and  brothers should be a lesson to us all that there is always a bright side to  life if we only look for it hard enough.  I would recommend this book to  anyone.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|Having seen this film twice I am increasingly amazed at the subtlety here.  Yes, when showing it to my college students the usual groans occur at the incubation &amp; handling of chickens but the impact of this contrasted  with urban frenzy and rural tranquility are stunning.  I was all set to  purchase the DVD version when I was scared off by the London reviewer.  I  do hope the 70mm negative is not lost (1993-94 production date?).  Please  give us a quality transfer worth the money. jkcooney, ocala, florida
0767802470|5.0|Due to the length of other reviews and their great detail about the movie (which are very well written!) I will keep my review short.  This movie is a must-see for anyone that loves military movies, submarine movies, and/or  foreign films or just simply loves a great epic adventure.  Simply put,  this movie is well worth the time to watch it (directors cut is 209  minutes) and you will be very impressed.  Also, I recommend that you watch  it in German with the subtitles on.  The movie, in my opinion, is must more  effective in German.
B0000047BA|5.0|I BOUGHT THIS CD ON A WHIM NEVER HAVING SEEN THE MOVIE OR HEARD THE SOUNDTRACK. IT TURNS OUT TO BE ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAVORITES.  THE CD FEATURES THE VOCALS OF JOHN LEE HOOKER COMBINED WITH THE SULTRY TRUMPET OF  MILES DAVIS, THE SMOOTH SLIDE  GUITAR OF ROY ROGERS, ACOUSTIC GUITAR OF TAJ  MAHAL AND THE DRUMS OF EARL PALMER. THIS CD FEATURES A TRULY STELLAR  LINE-UP. THE MUSIC CAN BE DESCRIBED AS MOANING BLUES MIXED WITH HEAVY JAZZ  INFLUENCE.  IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR THAT RIGHT LATE NIGHT CD, THIS IS WELL  WORTH THE PRICE.  HECK, NOW I MIGHT EVEN HAVE TO GO FIND THE MOVIE.  5  STARS!
1878574590|5.0|No one in his right mind would argue with Frank Miller's pedigree as a comic artist.  Miller single-handedly reinvented the superhero genre with his seminal &quot;Batman: The Dark Night Returns&quot; in 1986, then took on a flagging Daredevil title and made it the most gripping reading  available in the comic book racks. Even the X-Clone fans had to applaud  Miller for breathing life into a dying medium.  <br />And then he created  &quot;Sin City,&quot; making everything which came before seem amateurish  in comparison.<br />&quot;Sin City&quot; is the story of a  down-on-his-luck,dumb schlub named Marv who wanders into a tangled  situation he cannot begin to understand.  Naturally, his life heads  straight down the toilet immediately after making love to an incredibly  beautiful woman.   Marv's single-minded pursuit of vengeance consumes the  remainder of the series in true film noir fashion.<br />I could go on and on  about the classic noir elements Miller blends into the tale, the obvious  glee he takes in crafting this work, or the extraordinary nature of the  villain he has constructed to be Marv's foil.  <br />Forget all that and look  at the art.  It explodes off the page in glorious black and white.   Miller's use of light and shadow and the cinematic nature of his  composition is the most remarkable thing I have seen in the medium.  The  best way I can describe the illustrations in this series is to say it looks  like a storyboard Orson Welles would have put together for &quot;Touch of  Evil.&quot;  <br />Let's face it: &quot;Sin City&quot; is no  &quot;Othello.&quot;  (&quot;Titus Andronicus,&quot; maybe,  &quot;Othello,&quot; no.) But Miller's not looking to create great  literature here, as Chris Claremont often attempts in his overwrought  &quot;X-Men.&quot;  Instead, he's treating his fans to a tightly-wound,  suspenseful romp through a visceral urban swamp.  <br />This is a book you'll  read straight through to the shocking end, and I heartily recommend it to  anyone tired of the Todd McFarlane clones and their spandex jive.
B00004SC3M|4.0|OK, let me start by saying that I loved the movie enough to spend the extra money to get the SE. The transfer to DVD is excellent and the DD 5.1 sound track is great. What I was disapointed in was the SE features. Oh yes  there are 2 deleted scenes and an alternet ending WITH OUT a sound track.  The chase scene DOES have the sound effects but no dialog. Overall I feel  like I've been RIPPED OFF!   If this is the way SE's will be done in the  future I will stay away from them and buy the Standard Edition.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Do you like the work of Henson &amp; Co? Do you like David Bowie? Do you like Faerie Tales? Need a movie that appeals to the whole family? If you have answered &quot;YES&quot; to the majority of these questions, have I  got a movie for you!<br />This movie was a favorite with my family and  friends while growing up. It still remains a &quot;Must Have&quot; in all  of our households and gives me nothing but great memories.<br />It is a  beautifully filmed story that only Henson could tell with the help of David  Bowie &amp; George Lucas.
630469797X|5.0|Just a quick review to say that the Director's Cut of this brilliant movie is available on DVD from Amazon.co.uk. This cut is sooo much better than the previously available U.K release that we could get over here with a  good 20 minutes of restored footage and gore. (The only bits missing that I  can see are the shotgun shooting of a civilian by Wooley and a bite to the  arm of the woman by her zombiefied husband &quot;Miguel&quot; (Don't know  why they cut THAT out!) Apart from that I think it is uncut (139 minutes  running time) and is basically on of the best horror gore flicks of all  time. If you have never seen a zombie film this is the one to whet your  lips with. Pure Genius.
6305807043|4.0|I used to dream up ideas for movies something like this, and always lamented the fact that such delightful oddities would never enjoy the coveted &quot;green light&quot; of Hollywood. So naturally I was dizzyingly  pleased to hear about Being John Malkovich, and my expectations were not  disappointed when I went to see it. <br />Being John Malkovich easily matches  up with some of the other surprisingly thought-provoking movies of the  year, such as Fight Club and American Beauty. Underneath the quirkiness and  the eccentric humor, very interesting ideas regarding identity, ego, and  the nature of human consciousness (esp. the unconscious) are being played  with. There are some suprisingly dark twists to the film, and the  characters struck me as unusually mean-spirited -- but neither of these  things are, necessarily, complaints. The end was, to me, somehow very sad  and vaguely disturbing, and the concluding image of the film is beautifully  metaphorically suggestive. <br />At the same time, Being John Malkovich is  generally very accessible and funny. Not all of the humor works quite as  well as it'd like to, but most of it does, and there are numerous moments  of winningly imaginative hilarity. The performances range from interesting  to good. Malkovich himself is a treat and, I have to assume, a remarkably  good sport. <br />Being John Malkovich also boasts the most unusually charming  cameo appearance that I've ever seen, I think. Shame on a previous review  for revealing it to those who haven't seen the film. I'm not sure if I've  offered anything especially new with this review, but rest assured that if  you have an interest in seeing this movie, you probably will not be  disappointed. An eccentric gem of a film that I like to think of as a  refreshing breeze of genuine imagination wafting through the stagnant  airways of the Hollywood behemoth.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Although the actual &quot;fight club&quot; itself is a kick start to the premise of the film, it is not the basis of Fincher's finest as many people have misinterpreted. So for the people who haven't seen it on this basis,  this is what it is really about: The fighting that I believe it refers to  is the fight against corperate and social control. It is a story that  provides a way to combat the people that provide the comforts that we don't  need. The fact that it is told through the eyes of a mentally unstable  character is almost irrelevant although it is an integral part of the tale.  As the un-named Norton slowly turns into what can be be described as a  &quot;freedom fighter&quot; along with the psychotic Tyler Durden, we  relate to - and understand - all the acts of vandalism they carry out.  Suberbly shot, edited and performed, this is a text that film students will  be studying in the near future as I'm sure it will eventually achieve  classic status.
B000002UAX|5.0|Oops, wrong site , but I wanted to get my feelings across.
0553278223|5.0|&quot;The Martian Chronicles,&quot; by Ray Bradbury, goes through a chronological progression of man colonizing Mars. Starting from the first expedition in 1999 and coming to an end when the colonists return to Earth  in 2005. The colonists travel to Mars to escape the worsening situation on  earth. However, the colonists discover that humans cannot stand to live  away from their home, the place they have known all of their lives. They  choose to return to earth, even if it means dying. <br /> Bradbury uses  juxtaposition to compare the humans with the Martians. By doing this, the  book provides a view on humanity and human nature. He even makes the  Martians very human like. This makes the comparison easier. Bradbury gives  the Martians the ability to manifest themselves as appearing as human  beings. When the Martians appear as humans the real humans don't realize  that they are Martians. This is a tool that ends up symbolizing human  nature in the way that the Martians are protecting themselves and their  land, just like humans. Another example is when a lone man travels a road  at night and cross paths with a Martian. Their two worlds or times merge at  that instant and both realize the similarities and differences they hold.
B000002UB3|5.0|Oops,wrong site, but I wanted to get my feelings across.
0767822900|5.0|I think Madeline is a fabulous movie.  It is especially funny when the girls stop people from buying the house by unscrewing the doors.  I also think it is sad when the old lady dies.  Hatty Jones is a wonderful  actress.  I was rather scared when she got kidnapped by the circus, though.   The story is wonderful.
B000002UZ1|5.0|Oops, wrong site, but I wanted to get my feelings across
006109594X|1.0|It really amazes me how this book became a national bestseller because I found it to be a chore to read.  It has a tedious plot, superficial characters in spite of the author's attempts to make us care about them,  and frankly is a &quot;slap on the face&quot; to our hunter-killer  submariners and ASW warriors.  I honestly tried to suspend my disbelief on  the premise of this book but failed miserably.  A worthy comparison to  &quot;The Hunt for Red October&quot;?  This doesn't even come close.
0060926317|1.0|Yes, this book is full of misinformation about Aboriginal life and culture - the fact that the real Aboriginal custodians of the area she claims to have been in have been so offended - and mounted a campaign pointing out her many ridiculous errors - are testament to that. For those of you who do  not understand the criticisms of the book, it is not just its fictional  aspect that has caused problems. For one thing,  Aboriginal people are  tired of having white people speak for them and the claim that this group  chose a white American to transmit their message (even fictionally)is  offensive to many. Please celebrate Aboriginal culture but make it the real  one, the one real people live, not a white fantasy. Also the idea that  these people are apparently dieing is too much like the ideas  the 19th  -20th governments used to ignore Aboriginal issues and steal children as  'they'll all be dead soon anyway'. Aboriginal people are a living people -  not a metaphor for spiritual enlightment.
B000001EIA|4.0|This album is a lot more honest (and a lot more fun) than 'Psycho Circus' for a number of different reasons.  The production is minimal, the songs hold up much better, and the attitude of the band is positive.  At this point the reunion tour was not yet a reality, but here we have a bunch of  guys who pretty much wanted to just play some music and get their point  across, which (for the most part) they did.  The only reason I fail to give  it a 5-star recommendation is for the excess of ballads.  &quot;I Still  Love You&quot; could have been left off; ditto &quot;Beth&quot; (sorry, PC  fans--they could have done &quot;Hard Luck Woman&quot; instead).  But the  requisite makeup-era tunes are the ones that hold up the best, especially  &quot;See You Tonight&quot;: Gene's nod to early &quot;Yes it Is&quot;  Beatles material.  Good stuff.
B00000JCB2|2.0|Limp Bizkit.  About five moths ago, the uttering of those two words conjured up the images of a fantastic band, with heavy guitars, aggressive vocals, and meaningful lyrics.  Today, they symbolize the bane of my existence: meaningless noise, screechy vocals and incoherent lyrics.   That's right, they sold out.<br />This cd, for lack of a more extravagant  word, is crap.  They have devolved so much into the hip hop scene that they  are barely distinguishable as the Limp Bizkit from &quot;Three Dollar Bill,  Y'all&quot;.  Sure, there is NOOKIE, which is classic LB, and BREAK STUFF,  which is just funny, but there are also the heaping loads of cow dung such  as RE-ARRANGED and N 2 GETHER NOW.  Just from the song titles you can tell  they are getting worse and worse.  <br />The bottom line is, if you are  getting the cd because of NOOKIE and BREAK STUFF, don't.  Save your money  to by 3DBY, and download the mp3s.  It's your best bet.  In the meantime,  I've sold my copy to a Used CD Store for $2.  That's all its worth: $1 a  song.  Likewise with stars.
B000002TQV|5.0|While many doubted Radiohead after the success of &quot;Creep&quot;, The Bends showed just how talented this band is. This is one album I can listen to straight through without becoming bored or skipping a track. From the classic title track to the loud and amazing &quot;My Iron Lung&quot;, The  Bends never hits a bad spot. The songs on The Bends have variety and range  from being dark and loud (&quot;Just&quot;, &quot;Street Spirit&quot;) to  melodic and beautiful (&quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;, &quot;High And  Dry&quot;). I'd suggest you buy this album if you don't own it already.  Radiohead are one of the greatest and most overlooked rock bands.
B008Y1YK0I|5.0|David Lean's masterpiece. There has never been another movie more beautifully filmed or edited. The director took great chances with this film. There isn't a woman in the cast. Much of the action is on the desert. It is quite talkative. It is long. But with all this said, it still dazzles the eye and mind. The Blu-ray edition is an excellent package. Forget the criticisms that the filmmakers fiddled with history and that Peter O'Toole isn't physically suited to play the role. He is excellent, and the supporting cast, several of whom were Lean favorites over the course of his career (Alec Guinness, Jack Hawkins, Omar Sharif) show how the best actors can assume different roles without making the viewer feel he has seen the same character too many times. This is an absolute MUST for motion picture fans. And thanks to Blu-ray, it is now preserved for generations to come in a format that does it justice.
B000002HPT|5.0|THE BAND: James LaBrie (vocals), John Petrucci (guitars), John Myung (bass), Derek Sherinian (keyboards), Mike Portnoy (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1997) 11 tracks clocking in at 78+ minutes. Included with the disc is a 10-page booklet containing song titles/credits/times, song lyrics, band pictures, equipment used, and thank you's. This is Dream Theater's 4th studio album. Recorded at Avatar Studios, NYC. Label - Elektra / EastWest Records.<br /><br />COMMENTS: \\"Falling Into Infinity\\" is one of Dream Theater's albums that... many a fan cried \\"sell out\\". I've read that fans have actually booed songs from this album when played in concert... this is simply amazing to me. All Dream Theater is excellent - and the musicians are talented beyond any words description. Melodies are diverse as always, but perhaps leaning more toward rock than progressive (less technical flash if you will). There are several slower songs here (slow as far as DT's catalog is concerned). \\"You Not Me\\" and \\"Burning My Soul\\" reached #40 and #33 respectively on Billboard's Main Stream Rock singles chart... and if I had to choose my least favorite tunes here - these would be the two. As a whole though, this is one of my favorite Dream Theater albums. One of my all-time favorite songs by DT is here... \\"New Millennium\\"... slow, fast, up & down... with a great jam 3/4's the way through... an awesome album opener. \\"Peruvian Skies\\" is reminiscent of Pink Floyd's \\"Have A Cigar\\". \\"Hell's Kitchen\\" is a great rock instrumental. \\"Take My Pain Away\\" is a touching song from Petrucci (written and dedicated to his father - who lost his battle with cancer in '96). The 12-minute \\"Lines In The Sand\\" is also one of my favorites - and surprised me with Doug Pinnick (King's X) supplying the backing vocals here. \\"Falling Into Infinity\\" is a great album even if it is a tad bit toned down (and perhaps not truly up to DT's progressive standards). Not on the same lofty perch as \\"Images & Words\\" (1992), but almost. Catchy melodies, inspiration lyrics, and 2nd-to-none musicianship as always (5 stars).ut almost. Catchy melodies, inspiration lyrics, and 2nd-to-none musicianship as always (5 stars).  <br />
6305609691|5.0|Who would dream that a movie more than 20 years old would transfer so spectacularly to DVD? Francis Ford Coppola had already solidified his place in movie history with The Godfather and its sequel, but here he put heart  and soul into a film that has few peers. One of its more amazing aspects is  that it can be picked up (on DVD) at many chapters and viewed as a set  piece: The opening sequence, the air cavalry's bombing of the village, the  USO show featuring the Playboy bunnies, the jungle sequence during the  search for mangos, and many more. And the sound! My goodness, how could  that have been achieved so brilliantly in 1979? This story set in Vietnam  is most definitely surreal, and the climax will be discussed forever, much  the same way people will forever discuss 2001 or, more recently, Being John  Malkovich. But this is a must for any movie fan, and the DVD version is  well worth the price.  I wish there was an accompanying commentary, but  anyone who has seen the documentary of the movie's filming, Hearts of  Darkness, can understand that Coppola might not want to relive the filming.  And anyone else's commentary would not work. Watch it with friends and  provide your own commentary. It's the kind of film that invites such and  makes it even more interesting.
B00003CX8U|5.0|This movie is a cult favorite for those of us in the entertainment industry, with an emphasis on theatre.  The movie is fabulous.  Incredible dance, deep characters, the ugly side of addictions. However, Fosse's vices  were all shown except for one main one.  He liked men as well.  His  homosexual antics are legendary in theatre and show circles. I can't  believe that part of him was left out of the movie. Like the question said  on Regis' millionaire show &quot;All that Jazz was based loosely on the  life of what choreographer?).  Be proud Bob!
0140186395|5.0|This is my all-time favorite book.  It is the old story of Cain and Abel with a few twists--most of which you don't see coming.  The characters are well drawn and thoroughly believable.  This is a gotta read.
B00000163G|5.0|All Eyez On Me along with the rest of his quadruple platinum albums portrayed truth and life as we live it today.  Yes, we have lost the #1 contender in this rap game but his music still lives on and his spirit will forever live on in me and the rest of the infinitive amount of fans in our  society.  If it wasn't for my idol, Tupac Amaru Shakur, my life would mean  nothing but his music kept me inspired and gave me the positive mind to be  where I am today.  I am an 18 year old, black female whos been through  hardships and pains noone could imagine which Tupac has stressed in one of  many of his songs.  It's because of him I keep my head up today and crying  is the last thing that comes to mind.  I doubt if any rapper will ever  achieve what Tupac has unless he is resurrected and brought back to us in  another life.  Tupac is my idol and I will always love his realness and  positivity.  He Is The Master of all MC'S!
B000002HRE|3.0|As a fan of &quot;Load,&quot; I was hoping Metallica would deliver more great music when they &quot;Re-Load&quot;ed with this album.  But after really giving it a chance, most of the songs on Load fall into one of 2 categories. 1) Radio-friendly rock &amp; 2) Filler material.  It's obvious  that a lot of these songs were the &quot;Load&quot; leftovers (Bad Seed,  Carpe Diem Baby, Devil's Dance).  The 3 mainstream songs contained here are  not particularly good either - they're not bad, but Metallica have done  MUCH better.  The albums saving grace are the closing 3 songs (Attitude,  Low Man's Lyric, &amp; Fixxxer).  The 3 closing songs have the classic  Metallica formula going for them whether it be fast or slow.  <br />But in the  end, ReLoad seems to be a more riff-oriented album than Load, but this  doesn't necessarily make it any better, let alone even on the same page  (there isn't one song with that special sound to it). <br />Jab Another Pin In  Me...
078322608X|5.0|For those of you who are familiar with Director Terry Gilliam's work in film, &quot;12 Monkeys&quot; may have been a surprise. Not because it was a  convoluted, seemingly drug induced journey through a mental maze but  because it was so straightforward. Remember Brazil, The Time Bandits,  Jabberwocky and The Adventures of Baron  Munchausen? But you surrealists  need not Despair, there are still more than enough twists and warps in the  plot to keep us guessing.<br /><br />I have to wonder whether the mainstream  nature of the film was responsible for its success at the box-office or  whether it was the Bruce Willis effect. I like to think it was both because  I can't imagine the film with any other actor taking the lead and yet the  story itself is terrific. Some hardened Sci-Fi junkies might think there  was little originality in the story. If you pick any film apart  sufficiently this can be shown to be true. But it's the combination of  events and devices in 12 Monkeys that makes it unique.<br /><br />Almost  all of the film takes place from the point of view of James Cole, (Willis),  an inmate of a crowded prison existing well into the 21st century. It's not  clear what his crime may be but we get the feeling that merely existing may  constitute a felony in Cole's world. But he is offered  an exit from his  cage by way of a volunteer program. All he has to do is go back in time, to  the 20th century, and gather evidence for a group of scientists. Mind you,  the scientists may or may not be mad; it really depends on how mad their  world is.<br /><br />You see, the world as we know it was struck down by the  wrath of a virus, in 1996. The pathetic remnant of humanity, that survives  into Cole's future, are still fighting the disease. Their hope is, that  finding a pure strain of the original virus, before it mutates, may help  them beat it in their present and thus regain dominance of the Earth. A  hope which is made obvious by the population's situation; living  underground in air filtered dungeons.<br /><br />Things go wrong from the  start, as Cole finds himself in the wrong time zone. This situation is  apparently, not unusual in the annals of  the program. He quickly runs  afoul of the police and is taken straight to the booby hatch for radical  drug therapy. It is here that he meets two other pivotal characters; his  doctor, Kathryn Railly and a fellow inmate Jeffrey Goines.<br /><br />With  the walls of the asylum things start to get really complicated. Cole  gradually becomes convinced that Goines, (Brad Pitt), may have released the  virus, (his father is a virologist), and that Cole himself may have started  the whole thing, during a conversation when he was semi-delirious in the  hospital. At the same time, Dr. Kathryn Railly, (Madeleine Stowe), begins  to believe Cole's strange story as the evidence mounts, and she has to  choose between trusting Cole or committing herself for psychiatric  treatment<br /><br />All of the performances are first class but I have to  single out David Morse for his small but important part, working in the  bio-hazard lab. Also Brad Pitt made the most of his role, coming across  convincingly as a manic schizoid. In the end though, it is the story that  holds us. 12 Monkeys is one of those rare films that seem to ask more  questions than are answered, without alienating the audience. And even if  you don't &quot;get it&quot;, the ride is worth the ticket price. So get on  board.nderground in air filtered dungeons.  <BR><BR>Things go wrong from the  start, as Cole finds himself in the wrong time zone. This situation is  apparently, not unusual in the annals of  the program. He quickly runs  afoul of the police and is taken straight to the booby hatch for radical  drug therapy. It is here that he meets two other pivotal characters; his  doctor, Kathryn Railly and a fellow inmate Jeffrey Goines.  <BR><BR>With  the walls of the asylum things start to get really complicated. Cole  gradually becomes convinced that Goines, (Brad Pitt), may have released the  virus, (his father is a virologist), and that Cole himself may have started  the whole thing, during a conversation when he was semi-delirious in the  hospital. At the same time, Dr. Kathryn Railly, (Madeleine Stowe), begins  to believe Cole's strange story as the evidence mounts, and she has to  choose between trusting Cole or committing herself for psychiatric  treatment <BR><BR>All of the performances are first class but I have to  single out David Morse for his small but important part, working in the  bio-hazard lab. Also Brad Pitt made the most of his role, coming across  convincingly as a manic schizoid. In the end though, it is the story that  holds us. 12 Monkeys is one of those rare films that seem to ask more  questions than are answered, without alienating the audience. And even if  you don't &quot;get it&quot;, the ride is worth the ticket price. So get on  board.
B000002HMH|4.0|Metallica's &quot;Load,&quot; which is has been dubbed one of the 90's biggest disappointments, is not as bad as it's made out to be. It seems to me that this album has gotten such a bad rap simply for the fact that Metallica have cut their hair - not because of the musical aspects.  Yet  the songs on &quot;Load&quot; are much slower than Metallica's preceding  albums (which is why it was shunned to begin with), but sometimes slower  songs are more interesting and powerful.  Most songs have a genuine blues  feel to them, which requires a certain taste - admittedly, it took me a  while to truly appreciate this album.  The good thing is that  &quot;Load&quot; has that classic Metallica sound - crunching low E's a  plenty, great lyrics, etc.  A huge thanks to James Hetfield for putting the  county-esque &quot;Mama Said&quot; on here, as it is a much needed peek  behind the big metal attack that is Metallica.  <br />&quot;Load&quot; is  great for the type of music it is - if you listen to this album expecting  to hear thrash and speed, you'll be disappointed; if you listen to it  expecting to hear good-old-fashioned rock music, you'll learn to appreciate  what it has to offer.<br />Blood Stain Wash Away...
B00000G3I2|5.0|I first saw &quot;The Big Chill&quot; on video back in my Uni days. I was dragged reluctantly to the TV by three lady friends as part of a video  night. What I had thought was going to be a &quot;Girl's&quot; movie turned  out to be one of my all time  favorites. I loved the story but the musical  score is also terrific. It has a selection of some of the best tunes from  the 60's throughout the film and they are interlaced with the film not just  used as background.<br /><br />I have seen some cynical reviews of &quot;The  Big Chill&quot; which try to prove it is deliberately schmaltzy. I don't  have a lot of faith in film critics at the best of times and least of all  on this occasion. Watching this film is a touching experience. You become  so wrapped up in the characters that you never want it to end. Oh and I  feel before I get into a description of the story that you should all know  that Alex, the dead guy, was played by Kevin Costner, before he became  famous. His part was then largely edited out of the film, to the point  where his face is never seen.<br /><br />The film starts at Alex's funeral.  We are introduced to Alex's friends from his college days. Then we move on  to the wake, held at the beautiful home of Sarah and Harold. It is a  bucolic palace by the edge of the Beaufort River. One of the first things  that we learn is that Alex committed suicide.  To make matters more  interesting, he did it in Harold and Sarah's bath tub and was survived by a  ditzy girlfriend, Chloe, played by Meg Tilly.<br /><br />As the movie  progresses we learn more about each of the group. Michael came primarily to  get investors for his new venture. Meg, played by Mary Kay Place, wants a  baby and she wants to conceive over this weekend. Sam has always had the  hots for Karen, played by JoBeth Williams, and she in turn is tired of her  marriage of convenience. Nick is a part time drug dealer who is trying to  deal with the loss of his balls in Vietnam. Sarah had an affair with the  dead Alex some years earlier. The only one who seems to have no skeletons  in the closet is Harold, who has become &quot;mister responsible&quot; but  without losing his caring side.<br /><br />So as you can see, there is plenty  to work with here. In the end, &quot;The Big Chill&quot;, will make you  laugh and it will make you cry but mostly it will make you want to catch up  with the old friends in you life.the  dead Alex some years earlier. The only one who seems to have no skeletons  in the closet is Harold, who has become &quot;mister responsible&quot; but  without losing his caring side.  <BR><BR>So as you can see, there is plenty  to work with here. In the end, &quot;The Big Chill&quot;, will make you  laugh and it will make you cry but mostly it will make you want to catch up  with the old friends in you life.
B00003CWN3|5.0|This movie was the most touching movie I have seen in a VERY long time.  I was left in a state of shock at the end - I can't believe this was a true story.  Hilary's acting was excellent and the director definitely deserves  many awards for this picture.  I recommend this movie to everyone.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This movie is a ball tearer. It can not be compared to the preceding film, &quot;Alien&quot;, because the two of them are so totally different. Where  Alien was a drawn out plot twisted suspense filled horror flick, Aliens is  an all out action thriller.  Sigourney Weaver was hailed for her true  action hero portrayal whilst still retaining motherhood instincts.<br /><br />I have to admit that she was superb in this role however I don't  know how seriously she took it. During a publicity interview on one of the  midday shows I witnessed her being asked, by another guest, a question  about &quot;Hicks&quot;, to which Sigourney replied with a completely blank  look as if to say, &quot;I don't know what you're talking about.&quot; For  those of you that miss the point here, &quot;Hicks&quot; was the leading  male character in the film, played by Michael Biehn.<br /><br />We start the  story where the first film left off, at least from the heroine's point of  view. Ellen Ripley is awakened after drifting in deep space for over fifty  years whilst in hyper sleep.  She then finds that her daughter is dead,  (special edition), and she is facing charges for destroying her infested  ship, (the Nostromo). Then surprise, surprise, she is asked to act as an  xenomorph expert just in case it is her imaginary aliens that have caused  the loss of contact with colonists on (LV-426). The very planet where she  first encountered the beasties.<br /><br />Enter the marines and their  corporate helper, Burke, that are to protect Ripley during the excursion.  Of course it is the other way around in the end. Landing on the planet, all  seems peaceful but deserted, until they find a survivor, in the form of a  little girl called Newt.<br /><br />After this, all hell breaks loose as in  quick succession they raid the Aliens' lair, dropping half their number to  the nasties.  Lieutenant Gorman, officially in command, is brained by a  box, during a wild APC drive out of said lair. Then their drop ship is  destroyed, crash landing out of control after the pilot is perforated by an  alien's inner jaws. This leaves them stranded in a building that has  already been swarmed during the colonists stay, as night approaches. I'm  not going to describe any more because from then on it is just mind numbing  action without letup.<br /><br />If you haven't seen the directors cut of  this film, make the effort. There is a scene in it where computer automated  gun arrays defend a corridor that is just fabulous.p is  destroyed, crash landing out of control after the pilot is perforated by an  alien's inner jaws. This leaves them stranded in a building that has  already been swarmed during the colonists stay, as night approaches. I'm  not going to describe any more because from then on it is just mind numbing  action without letup.  <BR><BR>If you haven't seen the directors cut of  this film, make the effort. There is a scene in it where computer automated  gun arrays defend a corridor that is just fabulous.
B00003CXDU|4.0|Galaxy Quest isn't a bad movie.  In fact, it's very fun and humorous.  The plot, after protecting the universe for four years, the cast of Galaxy Quest have fallen victim to their roles.  No longer considered actors, they  are forced to attend endless conventions filled with the most die-hard of  fans.  Then a race of aliens facing genocide requests help.  Beliving that  these aliens are nothing more than fans who are offering a job, they  accept.  One of the best things about this film is how Galaxy Quest takes  the conventions of Star Trek and similar shows and exploits them.  One  example is from one actor who believes that he is the glorified extra who  will die a horrible death, only because no one knows his last name.  If you  like (or hate) Star Trek you'll love this movie.
0783225733|5.0|To truly appreciate this film it may be necessary to see the TV mini series, &quot;The Right Stuff&quot;. However &quot;Apollo 13&quot; stands  on its own nearly as well. It is the story of the Apollo 13 NASA mission to  land on the moon. It was to be the third landing, Apollo 11 with Neil  Armstrong being the first.  Unfortunately Murphy was at the helm and  anything that could go wrong did.  <BR><BR>While the film was based on  reality, it actually went fairly close to showing reality, (a once on a  blue moon event, ha ha). The only deviations, (determined after reading Jim  Lovell's account), were minor and for the sake of simplifying complex  situations or dramatizing an otherwise technical problem.  <BR><BR>The cast  was terrific. Tom Hanks as Lovell was at his usual brilliant best. He was  well supported by Bill Paxton, (who seems to get parts in a lot of great  films), playing astronaut Fred Haise. And I want to give a special mention  to Kevin Bacon, who played Jack Swigert, for a better than usual effort. He  is really starting to mature as an actor.  I am a fan of Gary Sinise, so it  would be remiss of me not to praise his work as Ken Mattingly, the  astronaut that is bumped from the mission due to a potential case of  measles.  <BR><BR>The whole film was created from scratch, that is to say  no old NASA launch footage was used. The quality of the effects makes the  film seem more real than actual space missions. The director, Ron Howard,  was advised by actual astronauts and assisted by NASA, (for an enormous  fee). Even to the point of using true free fall environments to film the  appropriate space sequences and as far as I know, that is a first in movie  history.  <BR><BR>I see no point in giving a blow by blow rendition of this  film, if your are interested, read a history text. Suffice to say that it  is not only educational but thoroughly moving.
6305095442|5.0|Evil Dead 2 is almost a remake of Evil Dead.  But who cares.....the Friday the 13th movies are all the same too.  Like the first, a group of people are trapped in a mountain cabin and are forced to kill each other due to  demonic possession.  Director Raimi combines horror and black comedy  elements to create one sick and yet funny film.  The acting has improved  since the first Evil Dead and so has the style.  My only complaint, didn't  Ash get possessed at the end of Evil Dead?   Oh well.  If you loved Evil  Dead, then get this.  Followed by the comedy (no, I don't think of it as  horror movie) sequel, Army of Darkness.
B00000K19E|2.0|The fx's were the best but the plot sank it!
B000028U0Y|5.0|Simply put, &quot;Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison&quot; is a masterpiece. The remastered CD is a revelation, with some terrific bonus tracks. A must own.
B00000K19E|2.0|The fx's were the best but the plot sank it!
0156907399|5.0|I had to read this book for school, but I'm very glad I did. It's exquistely constructed, and Woolf does a great job of really showing how people think. It takes some getting used to the shifting perspectives, but  it's worth the effort. A great, intellectual read.
B000002KFJ|5.0|An extravaganza of songwriting,this is their creative peak.All of the first 4 tunes are killers,the one weak spot if you can call it that would be &quot;Supertzar&quot; it kind of predicts the weird fascination with  Gregorian chant.Oh the cover photo is quite laughable,too.The music is pure  genius however.They would never be this creative again, but this is not the  last great album by the Sabs.BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT!
B0000019PA|5.0|I won't go into too many details about the recording because it has all been said in other reviews, however, I will say that there is something so magical about this album (for lack of a better word) that puts it head and  shoulders above anything out there today (it is impossible to describe).  I  am a music freak with over 1500 CD's and I do not have another CD that can  hold a candle to this album.  Without rambling on, I will just say again-  THIS IS THE BEST RECORD EVER!
B000002UY5|5.0|Blind Melon were unfairly lumped in with the Spin Doctors as being &quot;retro&quot; or &quot;flashbacks&quot;. Why? Because of &quot;No Rain&quot; ? It's a beautiful song.I think they are more like the Red Hot Chili Peppers but of course Shannon Hoon's voice was unique.You won't find  any retro psychedelia or dull jamming here,they play good funk-rock and I  think anyone would like this.&quot;No Rain&quot; is just one highlight.More  fun than grunge.
B00000IPAX|5.0|AWESOME CD. THE BEST ONE OUT.&quot;ALL THE SMALL THINGS&quot; SHOULD BE #1 ON THE CHARTS. IT ROX!  BUY THIS ONE, YOU REALLY GET YOUR MONEYS WORTH. SHAGADELIC, BABY!
B0000087QO|4.0|In the disco era that title had many meanings.Oh..the music.The first two tracks are excellent pop rock.Everything else is OK.I would've loved &quot;Heart Of Glass&quot; in a non disco version though.That's one of the better crossover attempts at disco by a rock band that year.(See The  Kinks,the Stones,and yikes! the Dead!)
0399230033|5.0|The wonderful illustrations and humorous story are why this is one of our favorites. Minimal text and captivating illustrations make this a great book to introduce story time to very young listeners . The illustrations  also make this a very interactive book for more mature children because  there is a lot going on on each page. We enjoy talking about the different  animals and their part in the story. The climax of the &quot;plot&quot;,  when the animals plan to spend the night in the zookeeper's bedroom is  unmasked, is funny and will get a laugh out of your audience. I think this  will become a classic along the lines of &quot;Goodnight Moon&quot;.
B00003BDXG|5.0|I thought Oliver Stone took a big chance making this kind of movie~(considering both story matter & camera angles/different film stock etc)~ & I believe he accomplished a great film with great acting.<BR>I loved it the first time I saw it. Good honest satirical fun with blood n' guts n' donuts.... just don't take it too seriously.<BR>Fabulous special features on the DVD. Everything you'd expect to get. Still one of those movies you can watch many times. Highly recommended.
B000002GF8|5.0|When the Police finished recording Synchronisity, they also accomplished 2 things that they could never have foreseen; they broke up, and they created the quintessential recording of the 80's. While i'm a big Copeland fan, it  cannot be denied that the majority of tunes on this CD penned by Sting just  shined!From start to finish it's an eclectic and fantastic ride!  Synchronisity 1 is a jangly nervous melody, that is followed by some  equally disturbing tunes such as Ms Gradenko and the discordenant Mother!  Sychronisity 2 actually makes you beleive in fate, along with it being a  great allegory for suburban living!Much of the rest of the Cd, while more  subdued, is just as startling. Every Breath You Take and Wrapped around  Your Finger are deeply creepy!The Cd ends on the controversial Murder by  Numbers! Remember when radio stations tried to get this song banned? Now  songs like Cop Killer make it look tame by comparison!Like they said on  VH1, &quot;what the Beatles were in the 60's, and Led Zeppelin was in the  70's, the Police were in the 80's!&quot;
630575067X|2.0|To say I was looking forward to this movie would be a gross understatement, but it left me irritated.  The action scenes were phenominal, as were the backdrops.  The problems were in the characters.   Jar Jar did a VERY poor job of replacing R2-D2 in the comic relief role.   His base humor seemed more appropriate for a Three Stooges film than Star  Wars.  Added to the other connotations he illicits, he is a very poor  character choice indeed.  In fact, I don't think I've ever prayed for one  of the good-guys to die before!  The acting was nominal, but the plot used  foreshadowing and formula to the point that there were no surprises at all.   The dark hero persona (Han Solo previously) was also sorely missed.  The  story was just plain bland!    I really hope Mr. Lucas will listen to his  fans and not repeat these mistakes (and yes they are mistakes!) in the  future installments.  I would pay considerably more for a much shorter film  if only the scenes including Jar Jar could be cut out.   Sigh......disappointing.
B000002KIE|4.0|During the 70's, I was affraid of punk! Hey, I was young and they looked bizzarre! But as 1984 came along, and I found myself in college &amp; at odds with the world, this Cd was my anthem! Often I'd go home after a horrible day &amp; crank classics such as Anarchy in the U.K., God Save the  Queen( I mean it, man!),No Feelings and Pretty Vacant until my parents  screamed for submission ( not Sub-Mission!). This recording felt like it  was made for every working stiff! The only tough part about this Cd was the  gruesome Bodies and the flatulence at the end of EMI! Otherwise, I've never  heard a Cd which mirrored the angst of a given period such as Bullocks  does!
0140177396|5.0|I re-read this book recently because my daughter was reading it.  I was struck by the power that Steinbeck packed into this short book. Steinbeck does a masterful job of contrasting the relationship between Candy (the  ranch's janitor) and his old dog with the relationehip between George and  Lennie.  &quot;Tell me again, George...&quot; At first, Lennie is the only  one who wants to hear the story about the farm that he and George hope to  have some day.  By the end of the book Candy and Crooks want to believe in  the dream, too.  At the end of the book, reality creeps back in and tragedy  stikes.  <br />Today's readers should read this book with a knowledge of the  historical times of these characters.  The historical context will help  readers understand the predicament faced by men like Crooks, Candy, and  Lennie.
B000002UAC|5.0|when u take the entire catalogue &amp; u take a step back 2 c on which one of their albums they sounded most enthusiastic, this one is it. <br />they had a point 2 prove, they were trying 2 break the american market, &amp; it showed. the raw energy, the complete devotion that they had 2 the band.  this was not just a great collection of covers with a couple of original  songs thrown in, this was a statement.<br />u don't have 2 go too far beyond  'money' 2 know how determined they were 2 prove themselves. the beatles  have never ever sounded so angry, with this much energy &amp; urgency ever  again. the white album comes pretty close on that level, but that was a  collection of statements, not a collective one.<br />let us not forget the  brilliant sequencing too. i don't know who decided then which songs appear  in the order they did then, but when 'it won't b long', with lennon  shouting the first 3 words of the title b4 u hear the instruments,  essentially a warning (it won't b long b4 we make it here), &amp; ending  very sardonically on 'money' (honestly, what else?). those amongst us who  have listened 2 practically every note the beatles ever recorded wouldn't  have missed this at all. <br />many have compared this unfavorably with 'a  hard day's night'. but most can't c what's the thing missing there found  aplenty here. it's called 'ATTITUDE'. by 'hard day's night', they were  already huge superstars boths sides of the atlantic &amp; around the world,  &amp; all of that energy, the anger, the strength, the urgency was gone  forever.<br />this may not b the best thing they've ever done, but this is how  most of us would like 2 remember them.
6305718903|4.0|When I saw the premiere of this film I thought this is going to be another stupid horror with no meaning. I saw thousands of those and nearly all of them were trash. But not Stigmata. I knew in the first minute that it's  gonna be different as I expected and it was. A lot of mystery combined with  art and great acting. The story is also good. I think it's an interesting  plot: The Stigmatas. The film is not perfect but I think it's really worth  it.
052594527X|5.0|A simply told, achingly good story with rich language used sparingly, as it should be.  As a published fiction author, I know how hard this is to pull off. Bravo, Ms. Chevalier!
0783241569|5.0|I think this film needs no review, it speeks for itself. Hugh and Julia are the golden couple. Music fantastic, screenplay great and the whole film itself is on the highest level. One of the best films in it's category.
079073639X|3.0|Every time I watch this movie (and I've seen it countless times now) I just cannot figure out what point it's trying to make.  The mystery of the 'Sphere' is just never satisfactorily explained...to the point that much of  what happens in the movie...the computer who says he's Jerry, then Larry,  and Mary...and all the phenomena that manifests itself...the jellyfish, the  eggs, the giant form that terrorizes the station...it is all this together  that just plain makes this movie unsatisfying in terms of where it takes  me.  2001 a Space Oddessey goes somewhere...although the ending is open to  interpretation...Full Metal Jacket starts somewhere and ends  somewhere...But Sphere just starts and goes without a point...kind of like  this review...with the dot, dot, dot... After a while, you almost hope they  start bumping each other off, it gets so annoying.  Or you hope Sharon  Stone would go all wacky and off everyone with strange mental powers she  developed when she takes a walk in the Sphere.  And I have a question;   just what the hell is the sphere anyway?  Is it some intergalactic  hallucinogenic medicine ball that aliens take turns trying to pawn off on  the stupidist beings in the galaxy; (hey Earthling, you're it!) or what?   It is never adequately explained or hinted at...it's just plain  ignored...like I'm supposed to be all in awe of their computer-animated  whiffle-ball and because it's so perfect and mysterious that of course it  had to have come from the planet of the Annoying Saucer People...and  because it's so packed full of knowledge and wisdom and other stuff us  Humans don't understand that mere close proximity to it causes our brain  cell(singular) to overload and makes us able to freak other people out  while we're sleeping.  Right. What I want to know is, how much money did  they lose on this turkey?  Better yet, how much did they spend.  And is it  just me, but were your hoping too that the character played by Peter Coyote  would be the firstto die?
6302994063|5.0|Besides the excellent dancing sequences, its initial humor, and the eventual love story, one of the most overlooked aspect of the movie is its 'political' satire of professional ballroom dancing scene at the time. The  echo of &quot;no new steps&quot; is still one of the issues that beleaguers  the professional circuit and its stodgy establishment.
0141301104|5.0|If you like wierd things you'll love this thrilling book!Its kind of scary in some parts.Its about a boy and his Grandma who go to England and see a witch meeting.I can't tell you anymore or else I'll spoil the book!
B000002UVZ|5.0|This was the first REM I ever had, I got it when it came out and proceeded to follow them to this day.  Superman is a song everyone should sing whenever they feel down.  And you should always put your arms out in front of you as if flying when they sing the chorus.  SwanSwan H shows their darkside dark but beautiful.  Every song on this album makes me feel good  and makes me sing.  Yehaw
B00001QGPS|4.0|This Cd is tight...well at least the first half is. The first half is off the hook, get up and go, party hip-hop with tight beats and sick flows. If you don't think so, just hear Redman on You, and you'll see the difference  between a rap and a flow. Mi Casa and Cereal Killer are tight too. The  second half is good, but a big letdown after hearing the first. That's why  I only gave it 4 stars.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|The evil dead I saw when I was 13 years old in 1985.It really scared me.I have seen this movie over 30 times and enjoy it again and again.Persons who like horror movies should not miss that movie. Its worth for the money.
B000002GLE|5.0|You can hear the energy in each track.  I have seen him live several times and this album lives up to the experience.  Keep in mind that this was released when Sting was newly solo.  His ambition and individuality are evident.  Close your eyes when you listen to &quot;I Burn for You&quot; and  hear what I mean.  Take it from a fan of 20 years -- this one belongs in  your library if you are at all a Sting devotee!
6305609691|5.0|This was an amazing movie.  I don't know where to start, it was so good.  The photography, the acting, the lighting and the soundtrack to make this one of the freakiest movies ever.  The music has no melodies, only  undertones that add to the movie's weirdness.  Every part of the movie fit  together in a perfect sequence.  This is definitely a masterpiece.    Most  Vietnam movie I've seen were depressing, and I hadn't heard much about this  one before I saw it.  I thought it was going to be depressing, but it  turned out to be a movie that when you really think about it, it will blow  your mind with it's freakiness and themes.  Marting Sheen is excellent,  with help from a particularly creepy performance by Marlon Brando.  Watch  this movie by yourself in a dimmed room for the best effect.  You have to  listen to everything.  Every part of the movie is important; all the way  down to those last two words that echo at the end.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I'm sure you've read a ton of reviews on Galaxy Quest already and chances are that if you're reading this you already know what the movie's about.  However, you might be wondering what the extras are on the DVD.  One is  called &quot;Omega 13&quot; and isn't accessable until AFTER you watch the  movie.  Once you use it, it's a major disappointment...but it does about  what you'd expect it to.  (I won't say what since it would ruin the movie's  ending.) The other unusual feature is the other language track that's  included on the DVD.  It's the Thermian language.  They've got voice actors  doing voices for everyone in the Thermian language...basically all squeaks  and squeals.  It's funny that they did it for the WHOLE movie and actually  had different voices for different characters, but nobody can possibly sit  through more than two minutes of it without going insane.<br />Although the  DVD doesn't have any director commentary, there is a short piece on the  making of the movie that is basically just a publicity number.  You'll also  find the trailer and some mildly entertaining cut scenes.
B000000H4V|5.0|Sepultura, Pulled out all the stops on Chaos A.D. Probably their best release yet, It lends itself to repeated listening. Songs like &quot;Slave new world&quot; and &quot;Clinched fist&quot; Are power anthems for a new  generation. This Album is a must have for anyone into true Heavy Metal!
B00004KD1L|4.0|If you really liked the Fatboyslim remix of &quot;I see you baby&quot; and think the rest of this album has that funky hyper-dance feel, you'd be wrong(except for the included remix of the same).  It's better.  It has a  different kind of rhythm that's mellower with funky grooves and loops  that's sure to please.  It's always hard to explain something you hear in  words, but the closest thing would be jazz...&quot;electronica&quot; style.  Some tracks remind me of waking up early Saturday morning and thinking...I  can do nothing and still be happy... kick back and enjoy this great CD =)
B00000IPAX|5.0|BLink182's new CD, Enema of the State, is the best! I liked every single song on it. They all have a great tune and the words are funny and mean something. On this new CD they difinitely are not as punkish as they used  to be but it is still a great CD and I like this better that all the other  ones! If you buy it you will definitely not be disappointed with your  purchse.
B000002ITW|5.0|4 Way Street is an excellent album. It contains all of CSNY'shits (Teach the Children, Love the One Your With, Ohio, Carry On,Chicago, Find the Cost of Freedom, etc.) as well as the best version of Southern Man I've ever heard. It'll keep you whistling the guitar solo for hours afterward, its so good. It also includes such Neil Young solo hits as Cowgirl in the Sand (a personal favorite of mine) and a medley of The Loner, Cinnamon Girl, and Down by the River that is nothing short of stunning. This album was given to me as a gift before I had discovered CSNY, and now I'm obsessed. This album is a must-buy. Even if you're not a big fan of CSNY, this album will convert you into one. So, Carry on and purchase this album as soon as possible!
630575067X|5.0|I can't say how pleased I am with Star Wars Episode 1, Phamton Menace.  The truth is, I am not a die-hard Star Wars fan -- but being a new fan, these are my opinions on this film.   <br /> The sounds, special effects,  computerized images, and other high tech stuff used in this film is  excellent!  The acting is pretty good too and Jar Jar Binks is the  &quot;funny bone&quot; in the story!  I just had to laugh at his funny  ways!  And the plot was OK -- I guess it'll get better because this is only  episode one.  Overall, I really really enjoyed this film! <br />   Some of you  (die hard star wars fans), as I've noticed, are really irritated by this  so-called &quot;poor&quot; film.  I don't know why you guys should be, I  mean, I've seen the old Star Wars films, too and I still LIKE this one.   Anyway, this is a great movie and I would definitely see it again!  It  deserves FIVE stars, because movies are all about entertainment and  enjoyment -- this one, I thoroughly enjoyed which deserves its full credit.   The action and excitement in this film will appeal to people of ages!
B00000DFRS|5.0|The track &quot;It's Not Right But It's Okay&quot; is the most liberating tune of all times for any women living in pure unhappiness!
0446605409|3.0|I read this book on the recommendation of my wife, who is a HUGE Nelson Demille fan.  I don't read mysteries, but I thought I would give it a try.<br />During the first few chapters, my reaction was mild annoyance.  The  narration, told in first-person by convalescing NYPD Detective John Corey,  was just too flip, the wisecracks too forced, so that it detracted from the  story. <br />Another thing that bothered me was that Corey comes from the  &quot;No class, no manners, no charm - yet the chicks can't keep their  hands off&quot; style of character.  I couldn't understand why the pretty  antiquarian was so eager to jump him at first sight.  Oh well, have your  fantasy, Mr. Demille.<br />Some of Corey's lines are pretty good.  After one  fellow cracks a lame joke, Corey muses, &quot;He smiled at his wit;  appropriately it was a half smile.&quot;  And he actually is a good  investigator, in a bumbling, Columbo sort of way.<br />The plot was well  thought out, and had me rushing through to its exciting conclusion.  This  was one of the fastest books I've read, as I couldn't put the darn thing  down.<br />All in all a good yarn, if a little silly at times.  Kind of like a  Hardy Boys mystery for adults.
0060931671|4.0|Thomas Pynchon is perhaps the most complex contemporary American author.  He is a complete recluse, and his novels brim with more obscure popular culture, scientific theories, conspiracy theories, and classical allusions  that just about anyone else.  I recently took another look at my old copy  of this novel, after critic Harold Bloom selected it as one of the best  novels of the century. <br />This is not a &quot;tight&quot; novel.  There are  a lot of loose ends, and the conclusion is puropsely vague so as to  encourage the reader to devise his own ending.  Without giving away too  much, the novel concerns Oedipa Mass, a woman whose world is shaken by her  discovery that she has been chosen as executor of her ex-boyfriend's will.   This sets her on a mini-odysset through California trying to discover the  reason why she is at the center of a plot much bigger than her  ex-boyfriend's will.  It is a fascinating novel.  <br />The reason this novel  gets four stars and not five is simply because, at the end of the novel, I  always feel as if there's something I've missed, as if Chapter five fell  out of Pynchon's manuscript before he handed it to his publisher.  Perhaps  that's just an aspect of his post-modern mysteriousness.  Despite this,  this is a novel I re-read.  That is, perhaps, the best recommendation a  person can give a novel . . .
B000007UHK|5.0|The dark side of Tangerine Dream. In this recording, they summarized all previous experiments with sound. The result is stunning, and there is no doubt why John Peel, a BBC DJ decided to promote a completely unknown  electronic group back in early 1973. Creepy and dark music. Best consumed  at night, on headphones. The title track contains all elements that I  appreciate in the oldest vintage Tangerine Dream, namely: creepy,  monumental tones, the feel of space and distance, danse macabre of these  early analog instruments, no conventionality and lack of musical  conformism. If Zeit was the interlude, then Atem is the symphony. Never  later they managed to record such a creepy record. I always have  goose-bumps when I listen to Fauni-Gena. After you meditatize yourself  completely, at the very end of the record there comes Wahn, a grotesque  track. Putting aside the modulated sound of acoustic percussion, one might  say that this is a live recording of a BDSM session. Brrrr. See for  yourself.
6301963911|5.0|Woody Allen's ANNIE HALL is a small miracle.  It is a hilarious comedy, a bittersweet tale of loss, and an opinionated glance at American culture through Woody's unique lens.<br />Winner of the Academy Award for Best  Picture, this is both the last of Allen's light films and the first of his  serious ones.  Many of Allen's films come across like plays on film, but  this is full of cinematoc tricks.  Split screens, direct-to-camera  monolouges, an animated sequence, and a hilarious scene where subtitles say  what the characters are thinking but not saying make this a one-of-a-kind  comedy.<br />Allen's West coast/East coast structure remind me of F.Scott  Fitzgerald's THE GREAT GATSBY in the way that it suggests that New Yorkers,  Mid-Westerners, and Westerners are inherently products of their culture and  goegraphic locaton, and hence they are all doomed to unhappiness in any  location but their own.  It is an important cultural document.<br />There are  Allen's usual barrage of one-liners (&quot;everything our mothers said was  good for us isn't -- red meat, milk, sunshine, college . . .&quot;) and  &quot;high&quot; cultural references to Beckett, Fellini, Capote, James,  and a host of others.  In a lot of ways, it is the prototypical Allen film,  and yet I hesitate to say that because that makes it seem like one of many,  and not the unique masterpiece that it is.
B000002HMH|1.0|I cannot say enough about how Metallica has done a 180 turn for the worst.  They were everything that metal meant; after all, they were metal'lica.  But since they started selling records and got a taste for dead presidents they have lost their integrity.  I mean this in the truest sense of the  word.  With their impending lawsuit against napster, this band has layed  the last brick in the wall between them and their fans.  Lars says that the  band doesn't like their art traded like a commodity.  What does that mean,  Lars.  We aren't talking about a group of starving artists here.   Additionally, music being sold by the record companies doesn't qualify as  &quot;traded like a commodity&quot;?  Oh the days when Burton was playing  with the band.  They were masters of the trade.  He must be turning over in  his grave now...
B00003JRCQ|4.0|Bear in mind that I am one of those to whom every omission from the book in filming is a misdemeanor and every addition a felony.  Having indicated that bias, I will omit the list of the corresponding crimes committed in  filming \\"Persuasion.\\"  Some compression of action is inevitable, and some  thoughts must be expressed in words.  I admit the necessity while I deplore  it.<br />The price paid by streamlining action and painting characters in  broad strokes is that one loses the hallmark of a Jane Austen novel: the  masterful development of character by the careful drawing of one fine line  after another.  The film takes care with Anne Elliot and takes liberties  elsewhere.  Anne is my personal favorite of the Austen heroines, and I was  pleased by the manner in which she is brought to the screen.  I found  Captain Wentworth an acceptable, if tongue-tied suitor.  So much for the  principals.  I have small reservations with most of the supporting cast.   Sister Mary whines appropriately, and her husband Charles is rendered  fairly.  The Lyme household is suitably pleasant company, and the Musgroves  come across well.  Changing Charles Hayter's first name to Henry was a good  idea.  There are five people named Charles in the original novel.  There  was no good reason to change Fanny Harville's name to Phoebe, but no harm  done either.  The Crofts have more dignity in the film than in the book  reducing a desired contrast with Sir Walter and Elizabeth Elliot.  William  Elliot is too young for my taste, and the film fails to define Lady  Russell's role clearly.  Short shrift is given, necessarily, to minor  characters such as Mr. Shepherd, Mrs. Clay, Mrs. Smith, Nurse Root, and the  Dalrymples.<br />I think the film failed with Sir Walter and Elizabeth.  Sir  Walter had many faults, but he was entitled to be satisfied with his  appearance.  The film's Elizabeth Elliot resembled Lydia Bennet more than  the very superior, elegant baronet's daughter whom Jane Austen gaveus.   Elizabeth set my teeth on edge every time she lounged into the room or  opened her common mouth.  We have ample reason to dislike her for her  neglect of Anne.  The caricature was  distracting and unnecessary.   Fortunately, the film can get by without an accurate portrayal of these two  whose facade was so much more pleasing than their substance.<br />Those coming  to Jane Austen for the first time through the movie have a treat in store  for them.  Those who love \\"Persuasion\\" will be glad to have it on film, but  will not find this one of those rare cases where a film is able to do  justice to a book.  You haven't read the book?  Don't wait a minute longer  to do so.
B000002HRE|1.0|I cannot say enough about how Metallica has done a 180 turn for the worst. They were everything that metal meant; after all, they were metal'lica. But since they started selling records and got a taste for dead presidents they have lost their integrity. I mean this in the truest sense of the word.  With their impending lawsuit against napster, this band has layed the last  brick in the wall between them and their fans. Lars says that the band  doesn't like their art traded like a commodity. What does that mean, Lars.  We aren't talking about a group of starving artists here. Additionally,  music being sold by the record companies doesn't qualify as &quot;traded  like a commodity&quot;? Oh the days when Burton was playing with the band.  They were masters of the trade. He must be turning over in his grave now...
B000002UAU|5.0|There has never been a better band than the Beatles and this is their crowning achievement. The musical diversity displayed in this album is astounding. Brain Wilson of the Beach Boys said of this album: &quot;We  were congratulating ourselves over Pet Sounds, then they (The Beatles) come  out with Sgt. Pepper and we all went 'Well, back to the drawing  board.'&quot; Tells it all doesn't it? From the swirling &quot;Being for  the Benefit of Mr. Kite&quot; to the emotional &quot;She's Leaving  Home,&quot; from the flat out rock of &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; and  &quot;Good Morning Good Morning&quot; to the epic &quot;A Day in the  Life,&quot; this album represents rock and roll's turning point. This is  the point at which rock and roll became an art form. No one has ever been  able to duplicate the enormity of this album. Pink Floyd and Fleetwood Mac  both tried with Dark Side of the Moon and Rumours respectively, but the  Beatles stand tall as the forever reigning kings of rock and roll. They are  the measuring stick. Every group is inevitably compared to them, and there  will never be a better group/act. Sgt. Pepper is the single most  influential album made, and it will stay that way forever. As it should.
0812550706|5.0|Okay folks, this book has been reviewed to death but bear with me for a few seconds....  This is one of those classic Sci-Fi books that everyone has read....except for you (and me until a few weeks ago).  All my friends  have read it, all your friends have read it, even my wife who generally  favors fantasy over Sci-Fi has read it, and almost everyone has enjoyed it  (including my wife).  So I decided to read it....  And I was blown away.   Good main characters, a fantastic supporting cast, and an excellent plot  which is not tarnished by the fact that it has been used over and over  again by other writers.  Then I got to the ending.  To me, this is one of  the most satisfying endings to any book I have ever read.  Believe me, if  you enjoy the first 5/6 of Ender's Game, you'll love the ending.  Now I've  got to get my hands on the sequels....
0345350499|5.0|The Mists of Avalon is set in Arthurian England before, during, and after Arthur's reign. This version of Arthur's reign is told through the eyes of Morgaine sister. The main characters portrayed are Morgan, Arthur's sister  and High Priestess of Avalon; King Arthur, High King of Britannia; Sir  Lancelet, Arthur's handsome, most trusted friend and Gwenhwyfar's lover;  Gwenhwyfar, Queen of Britannia and Lancelet's lover; Viviane,  late High  Priestess of Avalon; Merlin Ambrosious, Legendary Merlin of Britannia and  Morgaine's father. The plot takes a while to climb towards the climax but  it has many high points on the way. Along the way Viviane is slain and  Arthur makes love to Morgaine. The conflict in the book is Morgaine is  trying to turn the world away from the growing religion of Christianity and  back towards the Goddess of the old religion. This problem becomes even  more complicated once, after the persuasion of Gwenhwyfar, Arthur becomes a  Christian. <br />This excellent story be Marion Zimmer Bradely portrays the  story of King Arthur in a uniquely different way. Bradley is able to  expertly portray Morgaine's disposition and feelings toward her  surroundings. This book is for more mature readers with all the sexual acts  and graphic violence. Many teenagers would not be able to relate to this  book because the joys and tribulations Morgaine faces, have yet to be  thought about or experienced by many teenagers. Older audiences might enjoy  the tales of glory and mystery. This book has no flaws that I have noticed.  The story flows smoothly and has a great climax. This book has a faster  climax than its prequel The Forest House. In conclusion this book has an  excellent plot and characters. If you like Arthurian Lore read this book!
B00003CWRX|5.0|The Insider indulges in a brilliant portrayal of behind-the-scenes in the Tobacco Industry. Accurate? I can only assume so after browsing Brown &amp; Williamson's homepage -dedicated to how the movie was a mis-portrayal. I'd  say the more they outcry against the movie, the more truthful the account.
6305807086|5.0|The film itself--with its assured, unblinking absurdity, ably acted throughout--is worth the price; the extended Merton building piece a gem of an extra.  Catherine Keener takes a star turn in the  tightrope role of an enchantress with no soul.<br />I have a new favorite DVD.
B00000JCOV|5.0|if anything, this cd deserves a 6. it has keeps this dark, paranoid atmosphere through all 14 songs and i think thats more or less why the cd was such a huge hit -- a very few bands actually have some meaning behind their lyrcis, like korn, metallica, or SM, while most singers dont have  much talent and just put rhyming words together -- thats where we get  cloned [music] like rob zombie, ICP, and so many others. slipknots got talent,  and it shows. corey taylor not only writes well hes a great singer too hes  got a voice like john davis or that guy from system of a down (sorry  forgot) and you can really feel theres something behind his lyrics. pretty  unique. check it out, youll believe me soon as you get to the first few  songs.<br />hope this wasnt too long but this is a really really great album.  <br />..lyrics sample dont read if u dont wanna  from WAIT&amp;BLEED:<br />I wipe  it off on tile, the light is brighter this time..   Everything is 3D  blasphemy!   My eyes are red and gold, the hair is standing straight up..    THIS IS NOT THE WAY I PICTURED ME!    I CAN'T CONTROL MY SHAKES!   HOW THE  HELL DID I GET HERE!    Something about this, so very wrong...   I have to  laugh out loud, I WISH I DIDNT LIKE THIS!     Is it a dream or a memory!
6305657947|5.0|Though it comes with disappointingly few extra features, the DVD version of _The Thomas Crown Affair_ is worth having if for no other reason than that the music is so striking, it's practically a character itself. Getting  to a particular scene in this film is also getting to a particularly clever  orchestration.   Still, this is no novel feature; it's just barely meeting  the definition of &quot;DVD&quot;.   To be sure, there is an insightful  director's commentary, but in the wake of _The Sixth Sense_ and other  feature rich DVDs, the bar has been raised higher than this DVD can  match.<br />Luckily, the film itself is largely satisfying, clever, and  suspenseful--even if you've seen the original with Steve McQueen.  It is  somewhat true that repeat viewings allow you to unravel the suspense of the  plot in mildly unsatisfying ways--but not on the first repeat.  Even so,  I'm not sure I come to this movie with such hyper-critical goggles.  The  fact that the events herein are explained well by the plot, even if they  might not be possible to achieve in real life, is enough to assuage the  critic in me.    Also, even though others have seen it as gratuitous, I  liked the nod given to that original production by having Faye Dunnaway  appear here as the psychologist.  A small role, yes, but it did allow for  some interesting storytelling technique, allowing us into the psyche of  Thomas Crown in a way usually reserved to novels.  <br />All in all, then,  this is a thoroughly enjoyable production, perfect for a first date.  It's  smart, it's sexy, it's got fantastic music and, above all, style.  For more  serious students of film, it's got a lot to teach about how to set up a  finale, how to use music for best effect, and how to remake a movie but  still put your own unique spin on things.
B00003ZA0T|5.0|this is the best album you will ever hear. i am god and because i say you like it: you like it. i promise you will not regret buying this record. it exceedes all expectations of this centurie and last centuries music.
B00000K2SD|5.0|No matter who criticizes this movie ,I like this. Because it is exciting and cool. I'd like to recommend you this movie. And the people who don't like the story line must enjoy the special effects ,I'm sure.
B000003S5H|5.0|Air's Moon Safari is pure bliss made solid. Dreamy and ethereal, Moon Safari feels like spinning endlessly through space past stars and planets. When I listen to Moon Safari, such a beautiful stream of images and visions run through my mind. Some of the images kind of make sense, others are just  completely abstract blurs of color. Which is the best way, I can describe  Air's music. Somewhat nostalgically familiar yet abstract.  Reading some  other reviews, I was shocked to find so many people dismissing Moon Safari  as cheap. It has been life-affirming and inspirational to me.  Personally,  when I paint I usually play Air's Moon Safari in the background and  sometimes its almost as if the music itself moves the paintbrush. This  isn't necessarily finger-snapping, head-bobbing music...more like  head-swaying, fingers hanging loosely music. This is as close to Heaven as  I'll ever get.
B000002LE6|5.0|I'm sure many people--including critics and fans--would consider this one of Prince's most &quot;misunderstood&quot; albums. The fact that it came on the heels of Sign O' The Times (arguably the best album of his career), and  the then-aborted Black Album, the imagery and lyrics on this album  definitely deserve a second listening.<br />That said, this is one of my  favorite Prince albums. I'm still trying to figure out how he got such a  thick-sounding mix on &quot;Glam Slam&quot; and the title track. In my  mind, this album was the pinnacle of Prince's innovative combination of  songwriting and synth-and-guitar wizardry. Ever since then, with some  notable exceptions, it seems like everything he's done sounds a bit  derivitave. Prince/The Artist has done tons of songs since, but I always  seem to gravitate back to this album. A definite recommended buy here.
B00003CWN3|5.0|Boys Don't Cry is one of those movies that you want to watch again and again. Hilary Swank is excellent in her oscar winning role of Teena Brandon{Brandon Teena}. But the best acting MUST go to Chloe Seginey for  her portrail of Lana. <br />She and fellow best supporting actress Angelina  Jolie both should have won best supporting actress.<br />Boys don't cry cannot  be missed! <br />Boys don't Cry A+
B00004STPT|3.0|gladiator is one of hans zimmers better scores to have come out in along time.i am not really a  big fan of all his scores and jerry goldsmith a past ridley scott choice(alien&amp;legend)would have been a more suitable  composer for gladiator.But mr zimmer with this score has gone for a more  orchestral score which is a plus and yes he does  use holst&quot; mars  bringer of war on 2 tracks.to  correct a another reviewer there is no trace  of dimitri tiomkins fall of the roman empire score in mr zimmers gladiator.  for a non zimmer listner gladiator joins backdraft and crimson tide as the  most listenable and enjoyable scores he has produced.
630575067X|4.0|Somebody pinch me!  Did people actually wait on sidewalks for days to see this movie, when they could have waited a week and gotten in without even lining  up?  Sanity, thy name is VCR. Well, it wouldn't be a Star Wars  movie without bad acting and dopey dialogue. But, how in the world could  three otherwise very fine actors (Neeson, McGregor, and Portman) end up  giving such bland and inept performances? In addition, how could the pacing  of the narrative be so slow and choppy?   There's only one person to blame:   George Lucas.  He has obviously stayed away from the director's chair too  long.  My advice to Lucas is to hire someone else to direct and write the  screenplay for the next film.  He set the precedent with The Empire Strikes  Back, hiring Irvin Kershner to direct and Lawrence Kasdan &amp; Leigh  Brackett to write the screenplay.  The result:  Empire is generally  considered the best film of the trilogy.   Alas, I'm a sucker for great  special effects.  As a result, I'm giving SW1 four stars, saving it from   the  2 star drubbing the rest of the movie deserves.   The pod race is  incredible, a pure adrenaline rush.  The other great sequence is the  lightsaber duel between Darth Maul and our two friendly neightbourhood  Jedis.   Jar Jar Binks? Tie him up, put a thermal detonator in his mouth,  and feed him to a giant space slug. Lucas has a penchant for multiple  climax sequences.  He's progressed from one in Star Wars (Death star  battle), two in Empire (Luke v. Vader; Leia, et al escaping from Cloud  city), and three in Jedi (Endor battle, Death star battle, light saber  duel).  He ends SW1 with another three pronged display of bellicosity.   Does that mean he'll end the next film with only two simultaneous battle  sequences, and the one after that with one, in chiastic fashion?   Whatever  Lucas decides, I sincerely hope he focuses on the special effects side and  leaves the direction and screenwriting to others.
6304167660|5.0|You can watch this movie amongst good friends on a late evening, or alone in the mid-afternoon hours, 10 times, even 20 times, and still be enthralled by the quirks of each character.  Timothy Hutton plays the  perfect misguided, slightly confused, careless hair, wonderer who ventures  back to his hometown for a 10th year highschool reunion and finds his old  high-school gang searching for the meaning of love and the meaning of a  Beautiful Girl.   This movie explores the curiousity, the desperation, the  temptation and the hopelessness that keeps all of us searching for the ONE.   Plus Rosie O'Donnell kicks butt with her infamous monologue on Penthouse  and Playboy zines.   In short, watch Beautiful Girls, it's great.
6300214370|5.0|When i first saw Footlose i was about 11or12 and when i watched footlose i was with my sister and mom and we loved it.It made us want to see it again so we went out and rented it and we watched about 20 times that night and  when we got older we still get together and watch it and we still love it.I  think they should make an updated movie of &quot;FOOTLOSE&quot; and they  should keep the same people who starred in the movie.....
B000000W3G|5.0|Yes indeed, its got Bullet With Butterfly Wings, Its got Zero, Its got Tonight, Tonight, Its got 1979, Its got Thirty-Three!  The best songs of the Mellon Collie and The Infinite Sadness album!  Its got the best  B-sides of the MCIS era!  Im telling you, if you enjoyed a little bit  MCIS, youll certainly enjoy this Box-Set.  A must have for all of you  music fans, not only SP fans...
0688156819|5.0|I'm not really sure what to say about this book. It's like Roald Dahl meets Goya. Each story is wondeful and humorous (if you have the right sense of humor for it). But I think it's the illustrations that make this  book so great. They fit the stories so well. I particularly like the ones  in &quot;Staring Girl&quot;. They make you laugh, but they also make you  feel for the characters. If you are a Tim Burton fan this book is  definitely for you, but if not the humor will be lost.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I have never called myself a fan of Sarah. Hearing her songs for years on the radio left me irritated - they were too perfect, too measured, too  polished. But &quot;Mirrorball&quot;, which I bought on pure faith, is  absolutely incredible! The elements combined - the audience, the backup  music and singers, Sarah's effortlessly husky and lilting voice make for a  haunting play.<br />Something that is missing in her studio-recorded songs  comes alive in her live performance for &quot;Mirrorball&quot;. It's a  gorgeous, textured fingering of what usually dies or goes unnoticed in some  overly perfect attempts at music.<br />I want more!
B000002LKF|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums of all time.The Obvious Clild,The Coast,Born at the right time etc are some of the best songs.I must say that you have too listen to it two or so times before it blooms.But that is often the case with Paul Simon.You won't regret buying this stuning album.
B0000035E7|4.0|This CD is a masterpiece. Before the smash hit &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot;, and before &quot;In Bloom&quot; or &quot;Come as You are&quot; and &quot;All Apologies&quot; and all those hits by Nirvana,  where was Bleach. This CD is crazier, more energetic, and some may think  better then the latter Nirvana. Songs like &quot;Floyd The Barber&quot;,  &quot;Paper Cuts&quot;, and &quot;Negetave Creep&quot;, not to mention many  more, showed the wild and insane music that songs like &quot;Milk It&quot;  and &quot;Senceless Apprentice&quot; showed later in Nirvanas career.  &quot;Blew&quot; and &quot;School&quot; were very intense songs also, but  more neat and tidy. &quot;Swap Meat&quot;, &quot;Mr. Mustache&quot;,  &quot;Sifting&quot;, &quot;Downer&quot;, and &quot;Big Cheese&quot; were  also very good songs, somewhat in between Nirvanas crazy, wild music and  their more mature works. The only song I dislike is &quot;Love Buzz&quot;,  which really isn't a bad song once you think about it.<br />Get the CD. I  personally think In Utero is their best work, Bleach in second, while  Nevermind in third. Just because they had some huge hits in Nevermind  doesn't mean it is overall good.<br />Anyway, get this CD for solid, old, 1989  Nirvana!
B000002LKF|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums of all time.The Obvious Clild,The Coast,Born at the right time etc are some of the best songs.I must say that you have too listen to it two or so times before it blooms.But that is often the case with Paul Simon.You won't regret buying this stuning album.
630469654X|4.0|The cast of Broderick, Pfieffer, and Rutger Hauer take the viewer to a time when the world was ruled by the sword.<br />Hauer was born for this role and it is truly one of his best performances (perhaps eclipsing his Blade  Runner piece).  As a hard, man of the sword, his is completely vulnerable  to the love of his life, Pfieffer.<br />Broderick adds just the required  amount of levity in this film of two lovers cursed to forever remain  apart.<br />Stunning filmography and a powerful soundtrack blend to form a  well balanced epic.<br />Recommended for those who enjoy fantasy, romance,  science fiction, action, and good old fashioned swordfights between good  and evil.
B000031X7T|4.0|I think this live album is great. As a collector of live music and an avid  concert goer, I highly recommend this album. The limited edition with the  book is only for the hardcore fan as the music is the same on both  versions. This was my first concert I ever went to when they performed in  L.A. I purchased some bootlegs of this concert but they sounded awful. This  is outstanding sound. I especially love the cuts 'Comfortably Numb', 'Run  Like Hell', and 'Another Brick In The Wall Pt 2'. The booklet was nice as  it interviewed the band members and gave their versions of the splitting up  story. I disagree with some people that the Floyd after Waters departure  was no good. They put out some excellent stuff and the shows were always  top notch. Getting back to this recording, you can feel like you are  actually there with a good sound system. It is true that this album was  Waters' triumph. He is a real genius when it comes to writing music. I  encourage all Floyd fans to pick this recording up.
B00003CXDV|4.0|A highly entertaining film that is half parody, half science fiction.  Galaxy Quest is a pleasant combination of Star Trek meets Spaceballs with cutting edge CGI, stunning creature effects, and a better than average  sound effects (as heard in Dolby 5.1).<br />The cast including Tim Allen and  Sigorney Weaver, hold the film together in the first 15 minutes (the slow  part) and help launch the entertaining and laughable science fiction  film.<br />Recommended for all who enjoy sci-fi, parody, and fantasy genres.
1559408898|3.0|A fairly weak Criterion Collection DVD. The storyboard to film comparison, compares a storyboard to the actual scenes shot in the first scene with ED-209. Who cares how it compared? They looked the same to me. Two  storyboards of scenes never shot are included. The first is a long action  sequence that was to come before the final shoot-out at the factory that I  found interesting. The second a sequence of Robocop going to Murphy's grave  that was cut in favor of the scene where Robocop goes to the database  center. This unshot storyboard is very short, boring and could have been  excluded. The illustrated essay is a lot of reading. This is something that  should have been a documentary or even an interview. If I wanted to read  about the movie, I'd buy a book about it. Finally the commentary is a sound  mix of the director, writer, producer and others. It gives interesting  views on making, writing and producing the film. The commentary is the only  redeeming value of this DVD. The director, for example, gives his view on  the symbolism to Christ he was trying to impart. Who knew this wasn't a  simple action flick? Overall, for the money, I'd stick with the standard  DVD unless this was a movie that is on your all-time favorite list.
0679882820|5.0|Dr. Seuss has always been a favorite of mine since I was achild.  I recently purchased this book for my daughter to see if she'dlike it as well...and...she absolutely loves it.  The text and pictures appeal to her.  I read this book to her a minimum of 5 times every day.  It clearly is her favorite.  It certainly is highly recommendable!
B00000JGEO|5.0|This is in my Top Ten video list, up near the top. Arnold Schwartzenegger surely has come a long way from the no-forehead strong-man of &quot;Hercules in New York&quot;!  With good direction -- and Cameron is  among the best -- he can reveal his excellent acting skills.  Jamie Lee  Curtis and Tom Arnold play their roles with their usual excellence, as  well.  And Charlton Heston makes a brief but intense appearance, in one of  his few roles wearing trousers.  Part of the comedy is situational,  involving the interaction of the different elements of which *you*, the  viewer, are aware -- and part of it is actual humourous dialogue and  interaction between the characters.  This is an excellent film to accompany  a pizza with friends (yours, not the pizza's).
B000001Y79|4.0|If you're a fan of other female-voiced bands like Garbage or Cranberries, you'll probably like this. Like so many other people, I bought this CD after falling in love with &quot;Don't Speak&quot; which is a beautiful  ballad. I also liked &quot;Just a Girl&quot; which is full of female  angst.<br />Most of the songs are upbeat and fun to listen to. After buying  it, I found that other tracks, like &quot;Sunday Morning&quot; and  &quot;Different People&quot; are the true gems. I found they have the most  meaningful lyrics of all the songs. I love &quot;Happy Now&quot; since it  has many personalities expressed in one song. They have a good mix between  anger and sweetness in their songs.<br />But a few stinkers, like &quot;You  Can Do It&quot; prevent me from giving this album five stars. &quot;The  Climb&quot; tends to drag (six and a half minutes is a bit long for  something that repetitive). The band is in general very creative with their  use of many musical instruments, but sometimes they digress into a jumble  of sounds coming across as very messy. Gwen's voice can become irritating  if you aren't a fan of her strange trilling squeak.<br />I really enjoy this  album. I suggest that if you can program your player to skip over the  annoying tracks to give it a try. I personally prefer this CD to Return of  Saturn.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This film is definitely on my Top Ten list.  Not only is it entertaining in itself, but it is an outstanding example of the director's craft.  It's full of little touches, such as the spoon rack behind Neo's head just  before the spoon-bending sequence, or the repeated visual effect of the  matrix code (such as in the rain on the car windows and the soap on the  office window).  I've seen the film at least half a dozen times, and I pick  up something new each time.. it's a gem on multiple levels.  It's a bit  dark, though nowhere near as dark as BladeRunner or 12 Monkeys.  Well worth  seeing at least once.
6305280711|5.0|In this Die Hard, a mysterious man is man Siomn(Jeremy Irons) is planting bombs all over NYC. Simon asks suspended NYC cop John Mclane to run all over the city playing his deadly game trying to defuse his bombs. He picks  up Zeus(Samuel L. Jackson) in Harlwm after he saves Mclane's life. The two  play Simon's game. This film is wonderful. The first two were good, but  this one definetly tops them. Its fun watching Willis and Jackson running  around NYC defusing bombs. But its more than that. Mclane and Zeus discover  that Simon's bombs are just busy work for them. Simon explodes a bomb in a  subway tunnel to blast a whole to get to the gold in the federal reserve.  Definetly reccmended. A great summer movie!
B00004RHZU|4.0|This album is just a preview of what's to come. I can feel potential in that girl and I can't wait for her next album. The white girl can sing, has more soul than so-called rnb mariah wannabe Christina A. &quot;There You  Go&quot; is the best track by far, the rest of the album is entertaining ,  TLCish but not quite there yet.
0964385619|5.0|This book was a good wake up call about how schools are failing kids by not teaching them about money.<br />I also found the book SIMPLE MONEY SOLUTIONS very helpful in giving specific advice on how to teach kids from  age 2 - 20 about money, allowances, first jobs, and credit cards.  <br />These  two books make a complete combo for kids and money.
B000002BFL|5.0|Simply stated, The Ghost of Tom Joad is a jewel buried in a time of self-proclaimed and accepted decadence. In the beurogining growth of of our besmirched times, this album is the light within the unfurling darkness.  Years from now it will stand alone as a whisper of a voice amidst the chaos  and superficiality that asked simply: why? Springsteen asks the questions  that the nowhere generation refuse to ask and more so, are afraid  to face.  In a time defined by financial avarice and soulful perfidy, this album lays  it on the line: we have become a measure of financial wants and gains. In  the end, as the album tells us so profoundly, that is what we'll take with  us. The line that resonates and is imbued within us all is &quot;somebody  killin just to kill . . &quot; If that doesn't haunt you nothing will.
B000002504|5.0|This is the best Gentle Giant CD, and the one that serves as the best introduction to the band. It usually takes more than one listen to really appreciate the music. It is pretty complex stuff. The sound quality on this CD is terrible, though. I wish some nice record company would release a  remastered version. If you like early Genesis, Yes, or King Krimson, then  take a chance on Gentle Giant.
6305810109|5.0|At one point in this amazing film, Alvin Straight is asked by some young campers to name the best thing about being old. Straight says that since he's seen everything there is to see, he is more able to separate the wheat  from the chaff and let the smaller stuff fall away. After the incredible  film year of 1999 ended, and the smaller stuff fell away, David Lynch's  masterpiece remained standing head and shoulders above most of the rest,  arguably the finest film of the year.<br />Richard Farnsworth is Alvin  Straight, a man intent on journeying 300 miles from his home in Iowa to  visit his estranged brother in Wisconsin after the latter has a stroke.  With eyes too bad to drive, and distrusting of being driven by others, he  builds a trailer to pull behind his lawn-mower and sets off on an  incredible journey, indirectly teaching valuable lessons to the folks he  meets along the way.<br />Lynch's direction and Freddie Francis's  cinematography are breath-taking. They linger on rolling waves of endless  wheat fields, billowing seas of storm clouds and wonder-filled starry  nights ... and most important of all, they explore the incredibly emotive  landscape of Richard Farnsworth's old face, etched with an entire life's  worth of experiences, and punctuated by a beatific smile and tender blue  eyes. Farnsworth's performance is a gem.<br />Only the most hardened of  hearts will sit through this late odyssey in an old man's life (with echoes  of Bergman's Wild Strawberries) without being touched over and over and  over by the poetry and lyricism that Lynch brings to this jewel. Don't miss  this film.
0679735909|5.0|&quot;Possession&quot; by A.S. Byatt is a novel unlike anything I've ever read.  It's so stunning and powerful.  It's totally amazing.  Each word should be savored like chocolate.  It's rich and enticing.   This book is  intelligent and sensitive.  Completely thought provoking and inspirational.    I fell in love with the characters and still think about them.  That's  the sign of a fabulous book.  You carry the characters with you...long  after you turn the last page.  Such a wonderful book.
B000009HF2|3.0|Every Frampton fan obviously knows these tunes, my comments here relate to the CD reissue of this classic album.<br />What you see is what you get, nothing more. No additional bonus tracks, photos, etc.  With a running time of 77 minutes, this could have fit on a single CD.  Instead, you pay top  dollar for a two CD set with half empty CDs.  Amazon's whopping  discount doesn't help either.  After 25 years, Frampton's fans deserve  better than this.  Surely A&amp;M has made enough off of this monster  selling album by now.<br />  If you don't mind overpaying for catalog material  and have plucked down for other ripoffs like the Beatles Red and Blue album  CD reissues, by all means go and buy this one too.  If you have a computer  and a good vinyl copy, you're better off saving $ and copying the album  off onto a single CD-R, like I did.<br />By the way, will &quot;Wind Of  Change&quot;, &quot;Frampton's Camel&quot;, and his oother solo albums ever  be reissued?  If so, I hope they get better treatment than this album did.
6303029027|5.0|Wasted talent is the theme of the movie, and there was none in the making of this movie. It is a quintessential coming of age story, about how a young boy grows into a man, and the multitude of influences which try to  pull him in the same direction, although the influences are polar  opposites.<br />Chazz Palmenteri (the author of the stage play upon which the  movie was based) portrays Sonny, the neighborhood mob guy.  He befriends  &quot;C&quot; the young son of a straight arrow bus driver (portrayed  splendidly by De Niro, who also directs his first work admirably).  Word  has it that the young De Niro was discovered frolicking on Coney Island,  and he is wonderfully cast as young Bobby's son. <br />Both want the best for  this child, both give him their advice (strikingly similar) and their love.  Each of the men has no respect for the other, because of the path they have  respectively chosen. From each, the boy learns about respect,  responsibility, love and violence.  Because of both of these two opposites,  he becomes a man.   A great soundtrack helps MAKE this movie. Nothing could  be more perfect than The Flamingoes &quot;I Only Have Eyes For You&quot;  when the young New York Romeo &amp; Juliet meet, or &quot;Baby I Need Your  Lovin&quot; when they date.  The music sets the mood like no other movie I  can recall in recent memory.<br />A great movie.
630330608X|5.0|Glenn Gould's playing of the Goldberg variations is so beautiful.What I see is not only fingers on the keyboard,but a whole new life.One can feel peace,calmness and energy from Gould's playing.Though I'm not a Gould super  fans,I would highly recommend this video.
B000002C1Z|5.0|the remastered reissue of [animals] has a much better sound even though you shouldn't expect the bombastic soundscapes of either [dark side of the moon] or [wish you were here]. still, the compressed sound hightens the  paranoia that pervades the record (like the sleeve photos of derelict  industrial horizons). 3 main songs in which roger waters does not mince his  neomarxist spite, with dave gilmour rising to the occassion with some  brilliant solos. the incessant groove never tires out because pink floyd  prove themselves to be endlessly inventive with both sound and structure. a  pity that [animals] is such an underrated album since it was their last  real prog record before the wagnerian bombast of [the wall].
0201485672|4.0|Like the Gang of Four's landmark book _Design Patterns_, Fowler and his cohorts have created another catalog-style book, this time on refactoring.<br />Refactoring refers to taking existing, working software, and  changing it about to improve its design, so that future modifications and  enhancements are easier to add.  _Refactoring_ is primarily a catalog of 70  or so different kinds of improvements you can make to object-oriented  software.<br />Each entry in the catalog describes an implementation problem,  the solution, motivation for applying the solution, the mechanics of the  refactoring, and examples.  The book's examples are all in Java, but C++  programmers should be able to approach the refactorings with ease.  Often,  Fowler diagrams the refactorings in UML, so a little Unified Modeling  Language experience will help, too.<br />While the catalog is nice, the kinds  of refactorings are obvious is most cases.  Even moderately experienced  programmers won't need the step-by-step mechanics described.  The real  benefit, though, is that the mechanics of each refactoring help guarantee  that you can pull off the refactoring without introducing new bugs or side  effects.  They encourage you to take smaller, verifiable steps, than the  more gross refactorings that most developers would naturally take.  You  actually save time doing so.<br />How do you know your refactorings are safe?   Unit testing is the answer that Fowler et al. provide.  Java developers  will find the introduction to the Junit Testing Framework the most valuable  part of the book, more so than the catalog of refactorings  itself.<br />There's more to the book than the catalog and Junit, of course.   There's discussion of the history of refactoring, how to evaluate  refactoring tools, and how to convince management that what appears to be  an overhead activity is actually useful in the long run.<br />Unfortunately,  these sections are all too brief.  And there is no discussion of how  refactoring fits in with various software development processes.  For  example, programmers using Extreme Programming (XP) would probably feel  right at home with Fowler's recommendations of refactoring in duets and  unit testing, but developers stuck with a Software Engineering Institute  process like PSP categorize testing as failure time and something to be  minimized if not avoided.  Cleanroom developers are taught that unit  testing inteferes with metrics for quality, and that verifications are what  should be done.  Should such developers redo verifications after each  refactoring?  There's no answer in this book.<br />An unusual chapter, called  &quot;Bad Smells in Code,&quot; gives overall motivation for the  refactorings.  These vague notions, such as &quot;long methods&quot; or  &quot;lazy classes&quot; humorously provide a foundation for starting your  own refactorings.  I say &quot;humorously&quot; because (mostly) Beck's and  Fowler's odd analogies (classes becoming too intimate and delving in each  others' private parts) provoke a chuckle (as if a chapter about &quot;bad  smells&quot; in code weren't enough).<br />Overall, I've enjoyed reading this  book and referring to the catalog while putting my own unit tests and  refactorings into practice.  Fowler's writing style is smooth and fluid,  and it's easy to digest the catalog in no time.  The book's typesetting is  crisp, the figures quite clean, and both the refactoring index and  &quot;smell&quot; index are enormously useful.
0792844890|5.0|This is the best Mel Brooks movie ever. You will not stop laughing through out the movie... and it's just as funny every time I see it. Didn't see Star Wars?  No problem - everyone can understand the humor. A must see for  anyone who likes Mel Brooks. If you liked &quot;Airplane&quot; or  &quot;Naked Gun&quot;, you'll love this film!
0393317552|5.0|This is simply a great book.  It looks at all the reasons why the world is dominated by a culture that originated among Caucasians in Europe, rather than one from Africa (where humans first developed) or China (which had a  much advanced culture for a couple thousand years but lost ground in more  recent times...)<br />It provides significant ammunition against classic white  supremacist claims (e.g., whites are superior since they got in the game  late and yet culturally dominate the world now.)  If only for that reason  it would be highly recommendable.  But this is not a political book - it is  a highly readable &amp; comprehensive scientific study.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Dogma was really entertaining. It's completly smart and down right funny. Kevin Smith is the master of all comedies!
0790729628|1.0|It's really hard giving Blade Runner just one star. I know it deserves more...at least the movie I watched in the theater should. But this is what the Director's Cut deserves.<br />I remember seeing it when it first came out.  I really didn't like it at all. I ended up seeing it again several months  later when it was the bottom part of a double feature (they still had them  in those days!) because I went with a friend who hadn't seen it. This time  around, even though I knew what was going to happen, I found myself  reveling in the little nuances in the movie, the performances, the strange  quirks of this sci-fi/romance. It then became one of my favorite  movies.<br />When it came out in video, I got a copy. A few years later,  Ridley Scott came out with his &quot;director's cut.&quot; When I saw it,  it seemed so much deader than the original release. I didn't like it and  never bought the video or the DVD.<br />One reviewer stated that Harrison  Ford, when called in to read the &quot;narrative&quot; did it very poorly  so the studio wouldn't use it. In my opinion, he was still trying to  develop his own style between Star Wars and Blade Runner. He had already  done two Star Wars and an Indiana Jones by this time, as well as Hanover  Street, Force 10 from Navaronne, Apocolypse Now and Frisco Kid. I haven't  seen the latter two but, other than the Indiana Jones movie, he seemed  really wooden and hadn't developed the ease in roles that began with Blade  Runner and became apparent with his next non-Lucas/Spielberg movie  &quot;Witness.&quot;<br />I generally like buying &quot;director's cut&quot;  movies. I especially like the ones that add more but retain the flavor of  the original release. But this DC  really presents you with a clearly  different and drearier movie. It feels like listening to a re-recorded hit  song; it may have one or two of the original singers but it's certainly not  the hit that I remember even though the artist may feel that it's truer to  what he originally had in mind!<br />It seems that the LE Collector's Edition  will also be the Director's Cut and I'm extremely disappointed. At the  least, they could have released both versions. If Scott is the reason that  the only version we have now is his DC, then he ought to be ashamed of  himself. It may not have been &quot;his movie&quot; that was released but  for many of us the original release WAS the movie. Would I have liked his  cut if that was the original release? It's hard to say but I really like  the melancholic edge of the original which was missing in the DC. I would  wager to say that it may NOT have taken on legendary status had the DC come  out instead.  I'm really disappointed that there is no version of the  original theatrical release out on DVD. I guess I'm destined never to own a  copy of one of my favorite movies...what he originally had in mind!<br />It seems that the LE Collector's Edition  will also be the Director's Cut and I'm extremely disappointed. At the  least, they could have released both versions. If Scott is the reason that  the only version we have now is his DC, then he ought to be ashamed of  himself. It may not have been &quot;his movie&quot; that was released but  for many of us the original release WAS the movie. Would I have liked his  cut if that was the original release? It's hard to say but I really like  the melancholic edge of the original which was missing in the DC. I would  wager to say that it may NOT have taken on legendary status had the DC come  out instead.  I'm really disappointed that there is no version of the  original theatrical release out on DVD. I guess I'm destined never to own a  copy of one of my favorite movies...
B000001EAQ|3.0|Does it compare to the best, ie, Achtung Baby, JT and Unforgettable Fire...well obvoiusly not.  It may be a good idea to experiment and try new sounds but only if it works and in this case it generally doesn't.  Good  lyrics and yes lyrically the album isn't too bad don't make up for average  sounding songs.  This comes from a bonafide U2 fan.<br />Unlike Achtung Baby  and Zooropa which both were experimental and extended the U2 sound (well  Zooropa really), POP isn't that experimental, and somewhat like Achtung  Baby merely layers some new sounds into the mix.  The problem is the music  doesn't come across as fresh or inventive.  Rather a case of try hard and  desperate.  I give them credit for experimenting but really unless the new  sound is successful it is probably better sticking to something more simple  and writing a good melody.  A good melody will work technology or otherwise  and like many reviewers said many songs lack a good tune.<br />What is next is  hopefully a collection of tight songs with some good melodies and of course  some nice surprises and a mix of experimentation.  Does this sound like  Achtung Baby but only with some new sounds we haven't heard before?
B00000JCB2|4.0|Limp Bizkit seems to be very talented. Although people many times dislike their style (like other rock and roll bands) they seem to bring a new twist to things. I normally don't listen to titles like this.... I am more of a Dave Matthews band person.... but I heard Nookie on the radio and I was  hooked. This cd is DEFINITELY worth a buy.... they seemed to turn my style  around very fast.
1573225517|5.0|I recieved this book as a gift for a birthday. I happen to be a huge music fan and this book spoke to me. Every charector in this book is true to life and the people in the record store are classic. Anyone who shops at record  stores and hangs around geeks knows how conversations about which is better  Mono or Stereo get. I related to Rob's view on life. What Can I say? Most  entertaining book I've read since &quot;Trainspotting&quot;
0399143904|1.0|How very sad.  I've read all of Clancy's non-fiction (not counting the ghost-written pulp he puts his name on) and they have steadily declined since the Sum of All Fears.  His right wing paranoia has overtaken his  ability to write a plausible plot.  Character development has never been a  strong point for Clancy, and here he has taken his least interesting, most  one-dimensional character and surrounded him with a *team* of uninteresting  characters.<br />This isn't a politically based review.  One *can* write a  book on eco-terrorism, however, Clancy's villains here are completely wrong  and I can think of no real world equivalent.<br />This is not just a book to  be set aside and put away; it is one which must be hurled as far as  possible, while yelling as loud as possible.
B00004S6GL|3.0|no really -- the weather metaphor is dead on, because this is wispy, hazy stuff -- kinda like the clouds.  but also, alas, about as substantial -- pretty to look at but paper thin and far too vulnerble....
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie had it all for me. Great effects, plenty of action and a decent story. I could watch this movie every day.
6305127689|2.0|Ok, I like this movie and watch it often (at least, I watch the flying scenes a lot, a nice benefit of DVD) but the script is weak and the characters laughable.  Tom Cruise would have been busted out of the Navy in  the first 10 minutes, and the dialogue is painful.  But the cinematography  is terrific, and they have lots of real shots of carrier operations and  F-14s (even if the film-makers have little comprehension of modern air  combat).  Watch it straight through only if you're nostalgic for the 80's.   Great supporting cast with little to do.  Watch for Tim Robbins as Merlin  -- you only see him without his oxygen mask on the carrier deck near the  end!
B000002JSJ|1.0|Now don't get me wrong - I love Zeppelin at their finest.  Unfortunately, this is not.  When I bought the album, I listened to the whole thing through.<br />That was the last time that happened, and I bought it 15 years  ago.<br />Twice I tried to listen to it again - each time separated by about 4  years - and I never made it through side one of the LP.<br />In a word,  boring.
B00004SU5J|5.0|Dave brubeck reviewed , creative jazz , I loved it
0375703764|5.0|It's easy to compare House of Leaves to the Blair Witch Project. It does little to quash the initial impression of it being a literary equivalent. But proceed further and you understand that what you have here is something  far better than Blair Witch and with a much greater talent in control here.  <br />House of Leaves is, to sum up, about a house bigger on the inside than  the outside. A house with a labyrinth that extends into forever and  provides no solid explanation of why and where it exists. The book is an  analysis of a documentary that seemingly never existed. The book, to use a  cliche, truly defies a description of clarity. I tried explaining it  several times and each time just ended up muttering and walking away. <br />As  the book progresses, the writing grows to reflect the story itself.  Footnotes on par with 'Infinite Jest' begin to grow larger and larger, and  then start running up the sides of each page and appearing backwards in a  blue box in the center of the page. This book is one of the real solid  examples of concrete literature, where the story is written to resemble the  shape of its subject. After 100 pages or so, your eyes will hurt, you will  be confused and unsure of whether or not to read the main story or the  footnotes or the footnoted stories. <br />And House of Leaves is genuinely  disturbing and frightening, on a much grander and more inventive manner  than Blair Witch could have ever hoped for.<br />This ain't for everyone. It's  on the verge of being experimental, enough so that most mainstream readers  who patronize Steven King's bi-monthly releases will probably not enjoy  this, but it is still effective storytelling. And exhausting. If anything,  you'll come away with an extreme appreciation of Danielewski's endurance  and rigorousness in his footnotes (even the fake ones read like real) and  the audaciousness of having only one letter occupy an entire page. <br />House  of Leaves is not without drawbacks. Some of the techniques used can be  highly frustrating. There is a whole chapter where bits and pieces have  been burned, and Danielewski uses [] to signify where something was burned  away, but to anyone reading, the gaps are obvious and using [] rather than  filling in one letter is an exercise in tediousness. A lot of the footnotes  are useless and long-winded. <br />But for anyone who enjoys being challenged  by literature...who looks for something new, even if it's a magnificent  failure (not to say House of Leaves is a failure, but it does tend to  drift)...for anyone who wants to feed their brain something it'll take  awhile to chew on, get this.  If Danielewski keeps this up (and one wonders  how, if, he will ever write another book after this) he'll surely join that  divine pantheon of Murakami, Carroll and Lethem, all of them shining with  the inner light of pure transcendent beauty.
B00001QEE5|2.0|My daughter really likes this movie but we had to have many reminders that women ARENT &quot;easy to trick when they are jealous&quot; and that Native Americans do not act like they do in the movie.  I don't like censorship of  any kind but in this day and age I cant just let this movie be seen without  a discussion of &quot;fantasy vs. reality&quot;.<br />If you want to have this  in your collection, by all means do so, it IS a classic story, and in  defense of Disney, Barrie was a notorious mysogenist, However, a discussion  of stereotypes would be a nice way to offset this sometimes mean-spirited  movie.
B000000I0Q|5.0|I was a huge Genesis fan because of the contributions of Steve Hackett...Voyage is a trip to the soul, and every time I listen to it, it brings me back to the magic, the wonderwork, and the joy of sounds so  perfect, so rare... Voyage is the beginning of the history of Steve  Hackett... Once you find it, you'll discover that you crave more... with  each effort, Steve Hackett continues to create music that moves the soul,  and lightens the spirit!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby has never really been one for musical styles, techno, rock, punk, folk, jazz--who cares, it sounds amazing. &quot;Play&quot; is hard to place, because of its sound. The blending of '30s folk and gospel vocals,  through breakbeats, it is a convergence of everything. An amalgalm of all  music.
6301647734|5.0|This is one of the best films ever made, starring the loveable Jimmy Stewart as Elwood P Dowd, a mild mannered man who lives with his sister and niece in a small town. He is a friend to everyone and has the sort of charm  and charisma that only Stewart himself could pull off. The world moves by  him and his best friend, a 6'3 1/2&quot; white rabbit, called Harvey. The  two of them hang out at a local friendly bar where they drink and meet new  friends together. Elwood's sister is very worried and embarrassed by her  brother's behaviour so seeks psychiatric help. One of the sweetest bits is  when the owner of the mental home starts to see Harvey and wants to take  him away from Elwood, as they have become good friends also! Also when  Harvey goes missing and he talks about how they met and how great friends  they are, I was almost in tears! It is one of the most endearing and most  beautiful films I have ever seen and it is a real feel good film. One of  the best films out there!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album, along with the band, is amazing. The songs glide right through smoothly and cleanly. They are very personal and deep lyrics and are easy to relate to. Affirmation is a upbeat song of Darren's beliefs and morals.  Hold Me is a sad song that portrays that point in a relationship when your  about to give up. I Knew I Loved You is for all those romantics out there  that believe in love at first sight. The Best Thing is about your  significant other being the best thing about you, I just adore the beat on  this song. Crash And Burn is a lullaby to listen to when everything is  going wrong, makes you realize everyone goes through hard times. Chained To  You is a song of infatuation that happens at the drop of a pin. The Animal  Song is about not fitting in and just wishing you could run away from it  all like everyone does. The Lover After Me is about trying to get over  someone you deeply love, yet they love another. Two Beds And A Coffee  Machine is about domestic abuse, it's hard to listen to without crying. You  Can Still Be Free is about a lost soul finding it's way to Heaven. Gunning  Down Romace, is my favorite because I feel like it was write just for me.  It's about how romance doesn't reallt affect you but hearache and misery  hurt you more than anything. And I Don't Know You Anymore is about trying  to get in touch with a past lover that is very important to you. So, as you  can see this album is a beautiful sad album about the harsh realities about  life.
B00003CWOL|5.0|This movie is about two angels that found a way to reenter into heaven(thanks to a new catholic campaign The Catholisism WOW! ),but if they do that proves that GOD is wrong(because GOD said they were  not going to  be able to enter again)so it would be the end of the world.<br />To prevent  this Bethany(a catholic that lost her faith)has to stop the angels with the  help of two prophets,the 13th apostle,Metatron(the voice of GOD)and  Serendipity.<br />The two angels have some helpers too:Azrael(a devil that  knows how to make a holy bartender), the Golgotha demon and the Stygian  Triplets.<br />This movie has accion,adventure,comedy and suspense and all  that is greatly excecuted.<br />If you lke movies that make you laugh with a  brilliant script look no further,this is it,go and buy this DVD,NOW!
B00001NFCY|5.0|I really can't think of any tracks on either Creed album that I own that I forward past.  Each one deals with a different issue, the sounds are not mirrors of each other and they truly inspire some serious soul searching.   Finally someone has put into words what the missing generation has been  trying so hard to say for so long.<br />Want an even more soulful experience?   See them in concert.  Excellent.  Truly excellent.
B000006OBQ|5.0|Read my review of Live In Australia, 1959. While this recording doesn't have all of the vinyl 'character' that I have come to love about the Australlia,1959 album, it does a much better job of providing some insight  into the man. <br />The liner notes are not as enlightening, but one comment  regarding the stage entrance Bill Miller made says a lot about this man's  character: &quot;Count Basie walks off stage. A thin, grey-haired man, who  looks as if he hides under mushrooms to avoid the sun's rays, walks to the  piano.&quot; I feel this is more a metaphor of his avoidance of the  spotlight, and much-deserved credit for Sinatra's brilliance. <br />I beleive  that to come to understand Sinatra's art, (such as the effortless shifts  from swinging in &quot;Luck Be A Lady&quot; and &quot;Get Me To The Church  On Time&quot;, straight into the mellow &quot;It Was A Very Good Year&quot;  and the morose boozer he portrays in his performance of &quot;Angel  Eyes&quot; and &quot;One For My Baby&quot;) you have to expose yourself to  these two live performances. <br />In the blatantly commercial film &quot;Rat  Pack&quot;, you get a small view of Sinatra's relationship with Sammy  Davis. If not for this insight, it would be  hard to take some of the  obvious racial tension that Sinatra exposes in the monologues.<br />It is a  relief, however, to know that once upon a time, a man could be revered for  his talents without scrutiny of his every word on a larger social scale.   <br />As I said, this performance provides and excellent compare and contrast  tool when listened to in conjunction with the Australia performances in  1959. <br />If only albums had a shelf life without the need for re-releases  and compilation albums, it might still be possible to track a great  performer's art chronologically with the type of critical listening that is  neccessary to enjoy, not just the music, but the man and his persona as he  ages.<br />Unfortunately, this is only still possible inliterature, where  works like the Rabbit Novels by John Updike provide a historic record of  who an artist actually was, is and will be.<br />bluehabana@aol.com
B000002LGA|5.0|It is usually a stretch to claim that an artist recorded his best album in the twilight of his career. &quot;New York&quot; is a notable exception. Baring the necessity of albums like &quot;Transformer,&quot;  &quot;Berlin,&quot; &quot;The Blue Mask&quot; and &quot;Songs for  Drella,&quot; these songs have stories to tell and some wonderful noise to  make. Reed never cultivated a more satisfying blend of Rock 'N Roll and his  patented street poetry as on this album. While follow-ups to &quot;New  York&quot; contain flashes of glory, &quot;New York&quot; is triumphant  from start to finish. Songs like &quot;Busload of Faith,&quot; &quot;Dirty  BLVD&quot; and &quot;Strawman&quot; are quite simply some of the most  memorable moments of reed's 30-year stint, and poetic quips only found on  Reed albums, like &quot;I'll Take New York City in a garbage bag,&quot;  elevate the songs ten thousand miles above the vapid pop music of today.  The words mean something; the music is daring and urgent. At 58, he may not  have many &quot;New York's&quot; left in him, but when time comes that Lou  Reed leaves for the other side, albums like &quot;New York&quot; will still  be shouting from stereos around the world. Do not miss out on this piece of  immortality.
B000002TQV|5.0|I can play this album every day and not get sick of it.  It has sad, happy, love, melancholy tunes, for everyday life.  Mr. York is an amazing song writer and Radiohead should win the Nobel Prize for orginality.  The  cd is AMAZING!  Everybody should own it.
B00000AFFI|5.0|This album was my introduction to PJ Harvey, and an unforgettable one at that. I first heard the title track's bluesy chant playing in City Lights bookstore, San Francisco. I bought the album that afternoon, knowing not what to expect, just hoping it would cure my pessimism with regard to most  modern pop music. To say the very least, my hope quickly turned to a thirst  for more, as the incomparable single, &quot;Angelene&quot; simply blew me  out of the world. The ringing chorus of &quot;Katherine&quot; stained my  mind as it effortlessly rolled off of Harvey's tongue, &quot;Til' the light  shines on me/I damn to hell every second you breathe.&quot; I taught my ear  to love the noise of &quot;The Sky Lit Up&quot; and the simpler beauty of  tracks like &quot;The River.&quot; Yes, &quot;Is This Desire&quot; is a  more subdued affair than PJ Harvey usually delivers, it seems that she is  asking her fans to tune their ears a bit differently to compliment this  album's mature tone, trusting that they put some extra effort into an  active listening of these songs. After gifts like &quot;To Bring You My  Love,&quot; don't we at least owe her that much?
6303471714|5.0|I RECIEVED CINDY'S VIDEO AS A GIFT A FEW YEARS AGO.  IT IS THE ONLY VIDEO I USE AND DO NOT GET BORED WITH IT.  SHE REALLY WORKS YOU.  I'M NINETEEN YEARS OLD, AND I REALLY SWEAT! AFTER DOING THE VIDEO YOU CAN REALLY TELL  WHAT MUSCLES YOU WORKED.  PLUS THE MUSIC IS VERY MOTIVATIONAL.I WILL NERVER  BUY ANOTHER FITNESS VIDEO AGAIN.
B000002BPS|5.0|Everything I've ever heard from the Offspring has been great, but this particular album is extremely good. The singles &quot;I Choose&quot;, &quot;Gone Away&quot;, and &quot;The Meaning of Life&quot; are some of my  favorites, but &quot;Mota&quot; and &quot;Me and My Old Lady&quot; are some  really cool tunes too. Crunchy riffs, strong vocals, and wild drumming  makes for an extremely awesome album by one of the greatest punk-metal  bands of the nineties.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I really did not want to see this movie, and after I saw it, I really didn't know what to think of it at first. First of all, whether you liked or hated the movie, it really does make you think about our society and how  out of control it is.  After thinking about it for awhile, I really do like  it and plan on ordering it.  What so many critics just do not understand is  that the movie is not about a bunch of guys releasing their anger and  tension by fighting: it is a very important warning to our society and how  it is so wrapped up in materialism and consumerism that it is basically  dead.   The acting was amazing: boy, has Brad Pitt really come a long way  from his Cool World and Thelma and Louise days--he was absolutely wonderful  as the psychotic Tyler Durden.  And Edward Norton-I keep gaining more and  more respect for this actor.  Ever since his debut in Primal Fear, he has  proven that he is one of the best actors in hollywood today.  All I can  say,is David Fincher, you are a genious!  I do recommend that everyone sees  this movie.<br />Also, check out the soundtrack...it is amazing and full of  energy!
B00000IQBM|5.0|This is one of the best horror movies I've seen.  It has some really nice done scary parts like the sisters (Watch this movie and you'll know what I mean ;o) ). Plus it has a lot of parts that make you think! This is not  your regular Friday the 13th... This is a very good, serious and well done  horror movie. I really recommend it.
6304806442|5.0|I first saw this movie a couple of weeks ago, and really had no idea what it was about.  Let me tell you, it was astounding.  What struck me most about the movie was how it realistically portrayed drug addiction: there  was no romantisization. I don't think I have ever seen a movie that could  be so funny (the toilet scene, the trip to the outdoors, etc) and so  terribly tragic (the baby scene, the overdose, hallucinations).  This movie  really makes you appreciate your own life, that is for sure.  Wonderful  acting and dialogue.  I think they should make everyone see this movie at  least once.
6304509154|5.0|I was about 10 years old when I first saw this movie and at that time I couldn't sleep well for weeks! The clown scene was... still is EXCELLENT!  The title says all! This is a must buy if you are an 80's fan or just want  a good horror film
B000023X9W|5.0|The people who compare this album to Harvest, Comes A Time and After the Goldrush are, I think, missing the point.  (Just as, I think, the people who think &quot;Slowpoke&quot; sounds like &quot;Heart of Gold&quot; are  missing the point.  It really sounds like &quot;Peace of Mind.&quot;)  Some  songs on Silver and Gold do indeed have  spritual ancestors in the NY  canon:  for example the hushed and moving &quot;Without Rings&quot; has  it's low-voiced, heart-felt roots in the duo of &quot;Motion Pictures&quot;  and &quot;Ambulance Blues&quot; from On the Beach.  And, as with his best  acoustic albums, every song on the record is strong, delivered with the  kind of conviction only Young and his one spiritual equal, Van Morrison,  are still able to bring to a song well into their fifties.<br />But what makes  Silver and Gold a uniquely brilliant album, I think, is not only the  delivery of the songs, but the strength of the arrangements, specifically  the drumming.  Young has never allowed his drummers the latitude on his  acoustic-based songs that he allows Jim Keltner (and, on two tracks, Oscar  Butterworth) on Silver and Gold, and the result is that instead of the  usual &quot;thunk-thunk-THUNK&quot; we get a rhythmic variety and delight  on all eight songs that feature drumming.  (Just listen to the cymbal work  on &quot;Daddy Went Walkin',&quot; or the upbeat but understated stick work  on &quot;Buffalo Springfield Again.&quot;)<br />This really is a wonderful and  subtle piece of work, and it will speak volumes about the sophistication of  the listening public if it becomes a hit record.
0679437223|5.0|This book is so sad, its not funny.  And there are other things in it that aren't even funnier.  Like re-reading this damn book every two years or so and crying hard not to laugh at the same passages.
B00003A9QI|5.0|This soundtrack is the best to come along in a long long time.  I also love Legend of 1900 a lot last year from Morricone but Miss Portman has given my favorite movie exactly what it needed most.  <br />It is simply  touching all the right buttons in the movie and what's so great about this  soundtrack is that it STANDS by itself.  I listen to it almost every day,  also to recapture the atmosphere of the movie I loved so much.<br />The music  should have won an Oscar but it didn't which is a shame.  John Irving and  Lasse can be very proud with their accomplishment and should treasure the  music which gave the film an extra glow.<br />All tracks on this album are  great, not just one or two on so many other soundtracks.  This is a must  buy for everybody who loves only the best.<br />Miss Portman can say &quot;she  was of use&quot;...  Simply FANTASTIC.
B000002KEV|5.0|Everyone's favorite incarnation of Deep Purple fits together perfectly on this masterpiece, an instant classic in its time and still the standard by which live albums are judged.  These works, especially &quot;Highway Star,&quot; kick your guts and make you wish you were barreling down the  Interstate.  Beneath the volume, though, is real musical virtuosity.   Rarely had the keyboard so boldly challenged the lead guitar, and never one  as formidible as Blackmore's.  But the group's musical foundation was Ian  Paice, whose bass drum you feel from the inside out, through your liver.   It's all here:  leaden percussion, thundrous organ, banshee wailing and a  axe that shreds effortlessly between thrusting rhythm and screaming lead.   If someone asks you what heavy metal really is, this is where to direct  them.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I love enigma!  This album is great. The use of &quot;O Fortuna&quot; is something that only enigma could have ever think of! This is a CD to listen to on a peaceful night with candles and no other type of light!  It just  transfers me to strange, intersting and mystical places, just like the  one's in Tolkien's books.
B00003CWOL|3.0|Note that there are NO EXTRAS on this DVD. (I don't count trailers)<br />For Kevin Smith fans this is a HUGE letdown, especially considering all the stuff they even managed to cram into the Mallrats DVD.<br />According to director Kevin Smith on his View Askew website, later this year (2000) will see the release of a fully-loaded DVD with all the extra goodies DVD owners have to demand, especially for quality movies.<br />As for the film itself, this is a brilliant movie for those of you that choose to look towards western, organized religions (regardless of the denomination) with a questioning glance. If you're not the one that can take \\"isms\\" lightly -- in this case sarcasm, symbolism, criticism, witicism -- then why bother watching?<br />But if you can watch a movie objectively and listen to the point of view it's taking, you'll be at the very least by Dogma's very original look at the Catholic church and what drives the followers of Catholicism (and for those of you out there that think Smith is a heathen, be aware that he is Catholic, goes to church every week pays his tithe on a weekly basis).<br />And if you were already fan of any of the original Jersey Trilogy (Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy), you'll be delighted by Dogma. It's as fresh and blunt (oh, a pun!) as Clerks, as biting and sterotype-smashing as Chasing Amy, while still building on the heroic qualities [smirk] of Jay and Silent Bob from Mallrats.
6302420326|5.0|In my opinion no matter if you agree or not with this movie it is still very good. I thought that there was some very good actors playing the parts. I thought it was strange that they got Jim Garrison to have a bit  part as Earl Warren.One strange thing i noticed in the trial portion was  when they were showing the film of the killing.When the last shot that they  saycame from behind the picket fence.If as soon as the film shows the guy  firing the last shot slow the film down on one frame advance and see if you  see anything that looks like a bullet coming toward his head. Maybe i am  wrong but it sure looks like it if you keep one frame advancing until the  bullet hits. I may be way off base on this.I would ask that you check it  for yourself.If i am wrong it wouln't be the first time.
0395759242|5.0|After reading &quot;King Leopold's Ghost&quot;, I was reminded again of man's inhumanity to man. How could Europeans deliberately enslave native peoples as the Belgians did by chaining up wives while husbands were forced  to harvest rubber in the Congo? And burn down entire villages if Congo  chiefs refused their villagers' work services to the Belgians? And chop off  hands and whip men into submission while they were chained to the road. The  history of colonialism was vividly brought alive in this book. One cannot  help but wonder where Africa would be today if the colonial powers had not  done these things to the native African peoples? One is reminded, too, of  what conquering Europeans did to Native Americans in the United States as  well: take the property and rich resources where Indians dwelled and run  them off the land. Humans: what a species!
0767817478|5.0|This remake is one of the best giant monster flicks around. In the 50's Godzilla movies FX were not hokey but over time has not dated very well. This is the one that brings it to our time, just as it was in its earlier  time. The FX are state of the art and comparable in acheivement to the  creatures in Jurassic Park. Its FX blow away the last two decades of Toho's  FX work, despite the fandom's fringe elements telling us the contrary. The  characters are all tongue-in-cheek analogues to their 50's counterparts.  The creature is given motivation to its action, one that is nearly absent  from its earler movies. The DVD quality is great, the features are rich.  Some die-hard fans unfairly bash this movie in wait of G2000, which  unfortunately has done TERRIBLY in its native Japan. Which has  made them  doubly bitter toward G98.
0446310786|5.0|Some of the books they make you read in high school are really boring.  I am a high school teacher, trust me on this one.  A Separate Peace, All Quiet on Western Front...boring.  However, two books did standout in my  opinion.  Catcher in the Rye and To Kill a Mockingbird.<br />To Kill a  Mockingbirg is such a good book.  The characters, the trial, but more  importantly about race.<br />I loved this book as a kid and I love it as an  adult.  Please, if you are assigned to read this book do so, I know the  temptation for cliffnotes is there, and use them for a Separate Peace.  But  if you are assigned To Kill A Mockingbirg, read it.  It is a wonderful  book.  YOu will remember this book forever.
B000002IHD|5.0|Outside of an anthology or greatest hits package, this is the Otis Redding disc to own.  Eight of the eleven selections are cover tunes, but Otis and crew attack the material with such passion and precision that it escapes  the usual haphazard feel of a full length record slapped together around a  few strong singles.  There's three Sam Cooke numbers, (&quot;Wonderful  World,&quot; &quot;Shake,&quot; and the incredible &quot;A Change Is Gonna  Come&quot;), a fabulous rendition of Solomon Burke's &quot;Down in the  Valley,&quot; B.B. King's &quot;Rock Me Baby,&quot; William Bell's  &quot;You Don't Miss Your Water,&quot; and the Motown hit, &quot;My  Girl,&quot; done Stax-Volt style.  When Otis released his blistering take  on &quot;Satisfaction&quot; in early 1966, many thought that the Rolling  Stones had gotten the song from him instead of the other way around.  The  three originals show Otis in top  songwriting form with &quot;Respect&quot;  (later turned out by Aretha Franklin), &quot;Ole Man Trouble,&quot; and the  exceptional ballad &quot;I've Been Loving You Too Long.&quot;  The Big O is  of course backed up by the always impressive Stax house band Booker T.  &amp; The MG's, augmented by horn players from the Mar-Keys and Isaac Hayes  on keyboards (who often played with the group whenever Booker T. was away  at school).  Without question, this is an essential Otis Redding CD, a  classic Stax release, and a milestone of the soul genre in the 1960's.   Follow this one with the aptly named &quot;Otis Redding Dictionary Of Soul:  Complete &amp; Unbelievable.&quot;
B000002LGA|5.0|Not a weak song, note or moment. Very diverse, at times very subtle, at times rocks very hard. Beautiful guitar work, brilliantly supportive of what is happening lyrically/vocally. His very best offering as a complete  work, period.
B00004NHCC|5.0|Sarah Vaughan's collaboration with these excellent fine musicians is an extraordinary display of the songstress' musicality, vocal quality and artistry. The CD will show any jazz enthusiast the control, the perfection  of every note and the sizzleness of Sassy as a jazz musician and vocalist.  And the sound recording of the CD is so great that it brings out the beauty  of Sassy's voice. You must get this if you want to indulge yourself in pure  listening of this great songstress !
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Just picked up the remastered London Calling and want to urge Clash fans to get your hands on the remastered editions of the catalog.  The improvement in sound quality manifests itself in songs like &quot;Guns of  Brixton,&quot; where the full range of dub effects can be heard.  Also, for  those who came into the Clash in the recent past, the remastered editions  restores the original liner notes, lyrics and artwork.<br />One quick note:   check with retailers (don't know if Amazon offers it) about the  availability of the limited edition sampler that many stores are selling  with the purchase of two Clash remastered albums.  The hour-long disc  includes the B-side from Train in Vain (&quot;Rockers Galore&quot; f/Mikey  Dread -- a dub creation built off the skeleton of &quot;Bankrobber&quot;).   Also includes interviews discussing the beginnings of the Clash, the reggae  influences in the music, the political nature of the band and the reasons  why they did some of the things they did.  It's a nice little extra if  you're a big fan.
B00003CX95|5.0|How could you not love this movie!   I mean, true love, sword fights, Irish, battles, betray, deception... Mel Gibson, need I say more?  Sophie Marceau does an awesome job too... especially when she takes her small bit  of revenge on the decrepitated king Longshanks.  If you just can't wait,  buy the movie, but I would wait for DVD... I am, actually :) I figure, we  all wait, they'll release. Hey, they just released The Princess Bride..  Next is Braveheart then Willow... Enough rambling, DON'T miss this  movie!
B00003CWQ2|5.0|This movie was remarkably well done. It mixes wit and suspense with a &quot;What's wrong with the world these days?&quot; flare. Brad Pitt is outstanding-he plays a bit of a nut, as he did in 12 Monkeys. The person that makes the movie though is Edward Norton...with such movies as Rounders  and American History X..it isn't hard to see how that could be. The movie  had me from the beginning to the very end. It's hard to say much about it  without ruining the movie, so the best I can say is that it is a wild ride  that takes you through the life of a person at his breaking point..if you  liked Falling Down...this is 1,000 times better and had more twists than  6th Sense. Definitly a must see for those who don't like movies that are  predictable, and people who like movies that are fresh in concept. I would  actually buy it [now] just so I could be watching it while everyone  else was waiting for the price to drop..I watched it 4 times in 2  days...it's definitly a movie you watch more than once!
B0000021RG|5.0|My first vinyl LP I bought was Beatles &quot;Revolver&quot; and the favourite song was &quot;Got to get you into my life&quot;. Why? Beacuse of the horns, of course. Later, -69, I heard Chicago, &quot;Questions  67&amp;68&quot; and I was knocked out for good. Since then Chicago is a  very big and important piece in my life. &quot;Live at the Carnegie  Hall&quot; is a very good &quot;...the best of Chicago. The early  years:&quot; They are playing and singing so well. They dont try to do  &quot;nasty&quot; things around the song. They are giving the songs respect  and the audience knows it, so they are &quot;with the band all the  time&quot;.  Today I have more than 800 LPs and nearly 100 CDs. And if I  had to choose one of them it would be &quot;Live at the Carnegie  Hall&quot;. It simply the best live performance of contemperary music. All  the songs are so good.
0964385619|1.0|This book doesn't offer any evidence, only assertion and conjecture, to support the main thesis. In fact, most of what this book tells us that the rich teach their children is highly questionable hokum needlessly repeated.  As for the great lessons designed to get us out of the rat race and onto  the fast track: Did you know that it is better to have assets than  liabilities? (This astounding point is made nine times.) Did you know that  an asset is something that puts money in your pocket? Well, it is! That's  why it is good to have assets. Get it? And guess what? The biggest  liability most people have is taxes. This is because we are taxed on what  we earn, what we buy and sell, what we own, and we are taxed when we die.  So the author advised us to avoid taxes, but his method of writing off  expenses in a private corporation is highly dubious. By his own admission,  the author is a &quot;terrible writer&quot; (page 132), a statement I know  to be true because I suffered through his book. If you need financial  advice, go to a professional. If you wish to read about economics, read  something intelligent like Peter Lynch's Beating the Street or Jack  Schwager's Market Wizards or the Wall Street Journal Guide to Understanding  Money and Investing. And if you really want to understand the economic  structure of our time, read the classics like John Maynard Keynes' The  General Theory of Employment, Interest, and Money (1936)or Joseph A.  Schumpeter's treatise on business cycles.
0679731725|5.0|This book completely blew me away. It shows us what can happen when rationality and professionalism take over anyone's feelings. I found it difficult to root for the main character in this book, since he is holding  back his emotions and restraining himself all the time. The book is written  in first person and I was shocked about how Stevens, was always hiding what  he really felt. This is a masterful novel, in which everything excels. The  writing is beautiful, the dialogues are subtle, and the characters are  richly drawn. The author has weaven several themes in parallel  successfully.<br />The final encounter with Miss Kenton and the ending of the  novel are unforgettable. Read ths novel by all means, it will really touch  you and make you think about yourself.
0684859106|5.0|I had read about this book on another website and was immediately intrigued by one of the recipes listed.  It was an orange vanilla chip cookie that was supposed to taste like those old fashioned orange  creamsicles.  The day I bought the book and brought it home, I baked those  cookies and took them to a bake sale at work.  They were a big hit.  I made  about 5 dozen and they were quickly gone.  <br />When I was mixing the dough,  I thought the authors had made a mistake.  The dough was very dry and  difficult to mix.  I had thought about adding extra eggs.  I decided to go  ahead and bake the first batch.  They baked up thick, soft, chewy, and  delicious.  They didn't spread and become thin.  They were surprising  light-tasting and made everyone want more.<br />The other recipes look just as  wonderful and I look forward to trying them all.  They are simple, with no  complex ingredients and the instructions are very clear.  Even a first-time  baker would have no problem with these recipes.  The only complaint I had  was that there were too few pictures.
0425129586|4.0|And Then There Were None was about a group of random people who were mysteriously invited to a house on an island. While there, the guests were accused of murders. Weird things started happening, and the fuest were  being killed one by one. The killing of the guests was related to a nursery  song. To find out if the accusations are true, who is killing them, you  have to read the book.
6305718954|5.0|All I can say is that I was awe struck. As a person who went to Catholic school I found some of the information in the movie very interesting...the fact that they claim the Vadican witholds info from us is definitly not far  fetched and I found the effects to be really realistic. The movie gripped  me and reeled me in, although I admit I was not one of the people who  expected &quot;the exorcist&quot; by any means. This movie has almost  nothing in common with the exorcist. I will say that 2 other movies have  similar subject matter...End of Days and The Omega Code. You may want to  check these two out although personally I find Stigmata to be the best.  This movie is gripping with real visual stimulation and if you have  interest in religion..it's a definite must see.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is arguably the best jazz recording of all time.  It is definitely the most influential.  This recording h as it all.  great modal jazz featuring great saxophone solos by John Coltrane and Julian  &quot;Cannonball&quot; Adderly. Bill Evans , Paul Chambers and Jimmy Cobb  comprise the rest of this great sextet.  Miles  always  selected great  musicians to play with but this group was the best. This album gave us two  future standards &quot;So What&quot; and &quot;All Blues&quot; and three  other gems (&quot;Freddie Freeloader,&quot; &quot;Blue in Green&quot; and  &quot;Flamenco Sketches. This album is an essential purchase for all music  lovers - even those who do not like jazz( it will change your mind)<br />The  only valid reason I can think of to not buy this is that you  have the  money to buy the newly released Miles Davis/ John Coltrane Complete  Columbia Recordings 6 CD Box Set  which includes this album in its  entirety. do not waste your time reading this - get it &amp; listen to the  music.
0425104052|4.0|Probably the best and definately the most famous of the S. Holmes books, aided perhaps through its Gothic overtones, the book is a quick read and has minimal padding unless one compares it to its Noir antecedents.  These  factors alone make it worthy of a read.  But like other works by Doyle,  what may be particularly pleasing and illuminating is the light it sheds on  late Victorian sensibilities, particularly in areas which are now deemed to  be, to put it delicately, highly charged.  Craniometry is evidenced  throughout (this being the study of the shape of the skull to determine the  contents within, which will 'of course' determine the character of the  possessor).<br />E.g., upon meeting S. Holmes Dr. Mortimer says, &quot;I had  hardly expected so dolichocephalic a skull or such well-marked  supra-orbital development.  Would you have any objection to my running my  finger along your pariental fissure?...I confess that I covet your  skull.&quot;  (I never expected such an exemplary example of early  anthropological practice in Doyle [at the time, anthropologists didn't  study the culture of native peoples, they wanted their skulls.  Holmes,  being interesting, must needs be have an interesting skull].) Likewise the  ladder of evolution is applied to races and classes (blacks, the poor, and  criminals are presumed to be closer to animals, etc., and 'empirical'  evidence proves this).  Now I am not faulting C. Doyle for being an avid  follower of such theories, despite costs incurred to so-called racial  inferiors (e.g., paternalism, racism, and the later Holocaust), but his  books give a wonderful slice of late 19th century sensibilities.  Those who  are historically minded should find Doyle, and this book in particular, to  be of extreme interest.  In it one can see racial science applied  'rationally' and to effect by its practitioners in good faith and  innocence.<br />In sum, the book is entertaining, well written, and most  famous.  It will be of interest to any interested in crime fiction,  mysteries, literary history, &quot;racial-science&quot;, racism, the  history of science, and the history of culture and sensibility.  &quot;The Hound&quot; is a microcosm of actions and thoughts current at the  time of its inception, or better yet if one be as cold-blooded and rational  as its protagonist, it is an excellent and entertaining piece of evidence,  a Holmesian footprint, that may help explain human history as it travelled  to its nadir.terest to any interested in crime fiction,  mysteries, literary history, &quot;racial-science&quot;, racism, the  history of science, and the history of culture and sensibility.       &quot;The Hound&quot; is a microcosm of actions and thoughts current at the  time of its inception, or better yet if one be as cold-blooded and rational  as its protagonist, it is an excellent and entertaining piece of evidence,  a Holmesian footprint, that may help explain human history as it travelled  to its nadir.
0451191153|5.0|&quot;What you feel in the presence of something you admire is just one word-'Yes.'&quot;<br />Howard Roark makes this statement in the Fountainhead. This explains exactly how I felt as a reader. <br />In this Novel the main  character Howard Roark lives his life for the right goal, happiness. Roark  seeks only to please himself. Rand makes a strong argument that this is the  way to live life correctly. Rand is one of the few authors to dissect the  idea of sacrifice and explore its negative sides. Her stance that the  indvidual is much more important than the collective or society is advanced  through Roark's dialogue and interaction with the other characters  especially in his dailogues with Keating and Gail Wynand. <br />Rand creates a  believable picture of Roark as a superman type character. She uses  Nietzche's idea of the superman to formulate an explosive hero who drives  the book. I do not feel it was a mistake to make roark flawless. Although  many epic hereos are expected to have a hamarita Roark is the portrait of  the ideal man as Rand sees him therfore he has no flaws. This makes sense  the highest ideal should be free of error.<br />I also think that there are  more than three types of character in this book. To state that there was  Roark Dominique and everyone else is overgeneralizing. Toohey is a  believable character and a powerful man. There is really no reason to doubt  or reject the things he says or does until his final discussion with  Keating. Many of Toohey's statements and ideals are present in the comman  man's ethics and value sytems. Many people believe that altruism and  sacrifice are noble.  The reason readers reject Toohey early is because  Roark is made out as the hero and toohey attacks roark form the begining.  Gail is another character who is developed well as the person who could  have been but wasn't. Peter Keating is also an excellent portrait of the  comman man. Dominique is an interesting female character she does not  appear lovestruck early in the novel especiallly before and during  Keating's pursuit of her. She seems the perfect companion for Roark. And it  is intersting to see her character develop form the cold unexpected vixen  to the domestic wife of Keating and Wynand and then to Roark's lover.<br />To  sum up this novel moved me it has and still does make me think more about  why I do things. I think Rand did an excellent job with this book and I  think it advanced her message of the individual over the collective well.
006109594X|1.0|It is not Clancy, or anywhere close.  It is not accurate, or anywhere close.  It is not plausible half the time, which ruins the aspects of the story that are plausible.  Readers of this book should wonder about a few  things, instead of trumpeting the good aspects of the book (whatever they  might be).<br />The lack of knowledge about international affairs is evidenced  by the repeated use of the standard stereotypes for various ethnic groups  and countries.  The blatant disregard for the honorable service in the  Armed Forces of the United States by women, African-Americans, Hispanics  and other minority groups is really quite loathesome.<br />Finally, there are  a good many honorable men and women who serve as public servants in the  government of the United States of America.  Many have fought for this  country in the aforementioned Armed Forces.  And you know what?  Some of  'em are Republicans, and some of 'em are Democrats.  The categorization of  Democrats in this book by Mr. Robinson is simply irresponsible.
B00000DD1S|4.0|Albert Ayler has one of the most distinct sounds in jazz-history. Influenced as much by his R&amp;B-roots as the new freedom of expression in jazz, he made music filled with spiritual and religious imagery. This set  is one of his best recordings and also has some of his most accessible  pieces (check out the piano/sax-duet Angels). I'm especially impressed by  Truth Is Marching In, that starts of reminiscent of a New Orleans-funeral  to blow into one of the finest statements of freedom I've heard. The John  Coltrane tribute is amazing too. What sometimes bothers me is the thin  bass-sound on some of the tracks I feel would benefit with a deeper groove.  I can't wait to get my hands on &quot;Spiritual Unity&quot;, the  Peacock/Murray/Ayler-masterpiece which includes one of the finest  compositions I know, Ghosts.
B00000J7S8|5.0|This is a classy contralto with a style all her own- not since the late Karen Carpenter has there been a voice so deep and rich . There's never a false moment, every lyric thought provoking when sung by Ms. Krall- what a  voice, indeed, and fine musicianship by all! On first listen of this CD,  everyone becomes a fan- trust me.
B00003CXDV|5.0|GALAXY QUEST has all the touches of a true blockbuster comedy: great acting (even great LOUSY acting...!), top quality special effects, lots of laughs, and a plot that really works--all in perfect harmony and balance.   From the time I saw the very first trailer, I was captivated, and kept  thinking to myself:  &quot;I sure hope this movie lives up to the potential  of its plot!&quot; ---IT DOES. For those of you who think Tim Allen is a  hack comedian, not an actor... well, he is perfect for this role: a  comedian playing a hack actor!  Sigourney is great as the brainy lady in  the role of the mindless bimbo.  And the Thermians--they are the perfect  bumbling aliens, without being too ridiculous.  Oh, and did I mention the  special effects?  Very nearly Star Wars class, though on a smaller scale!  Unfortunately, it has received very little in the way of publicity,  critical acclaim, or popular following.  It's almost like a cult  &quot;sleeper&quot;...  I wish it was more popular, because                      I Want A Sequel!
0441172717|5.0|Oh my goodness!   That book is so amazing.  You have to read it to belive it.  I was introduced to Dune through the movie, which is also really interesting. (If your looking for a really different movie to watch  go for Dune. It gives you really great pictures to think about when your  reading the book)  Wow! The book was so cool.  Yes it was a little hard to  understand, and yes it didn't explain everything that happed in the book in  perfect detail.  BUT that leaves more up to your imagination.  As other  reviews have stated you can't say nearly enough good things about this  book, but maybe the sheer number of reviews should tell you something about  how great this book is.  If you have never thought of yourself as the kind  of person to read SF, but you've decided to give it a try Dune is a great  book to start with.  It gave you a great view of religion, politics, and  the depths of the human condition.  I loved it.  Hopefully you will/do to.
0671027344|5.0|It is almost totally safe to say that everyone, during their high school years, feels insecure about themselves. They all have trouble with friends, fitting in, school life, and at home with family. What they don't know, is that everybody feels like this sometimes.<br />The arduous time of everyone's  life of the high school years is best depicted in a book by Stephen Chbosky  entitled Perks Of Being A Wallflower. In it, the protagonist Charlie tells  his stories through a very interesting way. Charlie is a freshman in high  school. He feels as if he does not fit in and is somewhat of a loser after  someone tells him he's a &quot;wallflower.&quot; Charlie is unique in the  way that he deals with his problems. One day in school he overheard these  two people talking about someone they knew. They were describing how this  person did not sleep with someone although he or she easily could have. For  some reason this impacted Charlie very much. One day Charlie had had enough  and needed greatly to vent his worries to somebody. Since he is not  comfortable talking his problems out with a family member or his friends,  he kept the person whom he had heard those people in his class talking  about in mind. He decided to keep a journal of some sorts and write it in  letter form to this person. The book are these letters.<br />If not for this  book, I honestly do not see how I could have possibly survived my early  high school career. Throughout the book there is a sprinkle of great advice  on each page. It is very easy to relate to Charlie along with the other  characters and their daily struggles. At the end of the book, you learn  that it is not a bad thing at all to feel these bad feelings. It is a good  thing, in fact. Being a wallflower is dealing with life. These are the  years that shape you, and with reading this book you learn that you should  learn as much as possible from your teenage years. <br />So far I have read  the book 6 times, and get much good out of it each and every time I read. I  have bought it for just about every one of my friends and they all agree,  this book is a wonder. <br />Perks Of Being A Wallflower is a life saver to  all of us coping with maybe the hardest time of life. Teenage years.
0060977493|5.0|This book is amazing.  It simply took my breath away.  The plot is simple, but the story-telling skill is wonderful.  The words and the description somehow have the compelling power to make me feel nostalgic and  bittersweet.
B00003OO3O|5.0|This is one explosive, incindiary cd. From the opening riff on &quot;let it roll&quot; to the last note on &quot;between the walls&quot;. It made me a fan back when my brother turned me on to it in 1975. I still cannot believe how powerfull it sounds 25 years later. This cd will set off the  air raid sirens if you crank it! Be sure to take down the little ladys  porcelin collectibles before you hit the play button or there will be some  explaining to do! This remastered import is a great addition to<br />your  collection so pull the pin and duck!
B000002534|5.0|What an uplifting, hope-inspiring marvel this album, this man, this Santana band, is!<br />I'm so overjoyed to discover how many others seem to  share these sentiments when listening to this amazing, incomparable,  awe-inspiring album. 'Borboletta' is more than merely a Santana album, it  is akin to a religious awakening, I sincerely believe that the band's music  is inhabited by a supernatural essence which is more than just the sum of  its parts. 'Borboletta' is the REAL 'Supernatural'! <br />That said, don't  disdain  Carlos's latest offering as just a commercial album. On  'Supernatural', his spiritual and musical integrity shines through as  clearly as ever.
0767817486|5.0|Many reviews said that this is a bad movie because it was exagerate. But what happened in reality is for me already unacceptable. The thing is to think about what he did and how he was treated for that. Of course he knew  the risk he took. He played poker and it doesn't work. But we have to ask  us if it is normal to have this treatement only because you bought small  amount of hashich (it is not cocain or heroin). And I want to add that this  happened not only in Turkey. The movie was based (only based) on a real  story which happened in Turkey, and I'am really sorry for Turkich people  because there are really nice persons in this country. To conclude I think  that this is a great movie (technically, actors, music) and it how the  human rights can be violated in the world (I readd, not only in Turkey).
6305558167|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS GREAT!  I think the folks that own this own dvd will agree when i say its on the level of Braveheart when it comes to action and story line...I havent seen this movies since i was a boy...it was like watching  it for the first time..the scenes are wonderful and vivid...If you like  action, a great story line and supurb acting BUY IT NOW!  and add to your  collection...
B000002KO1|5.0|I can still remember putting the needle down onto the vinyl when I brought this record home.  I was 16 years old and this was sometime in 1980.  Back then when I bought a new record I would manually &quot;skip&quot; through  all the songs by lifting the needle up and putting it down at the begining  of each track and listening to the first few seconds of the song.  That way  I'd filter through and find the 2-3 good songs on an album.  Well, every  song on the first side was GREAT.  Then I turned it over and skipped my way  through every song and they where all GREAT, by the time I got to  &quot;Mystery Achievement&quot; I knew this was a special record.  I then  must have listened to the whole album 2-3 times in a row.  I can not put  into words what this album meant to my when I was in high school.  Rough  and loud as Led Zepplin and then soft and hypnotic as Pink Floyd, but  always sounding all their own.  I've heard the word &quot;fresh&quot; many  times apllied to this record.  It was such a breath of fresh air when it  came out.  Few bands rocked at that time that sounded original.  I remember  being sadder when James Honeyman-Scott died than when John Lennon died  because I knew that would be the end of a special band.  At least we still  have this and Pretenders II to remember.  When CD's came out this and Dark  Side of the Moon where the only two album I upgraded from vinyl.
B000001Y79|5.0|The breakthough effort of ska meets 1940's &quot;No Doubt&quot; is - without a doubt - an incredible album.  Full of wonderful melodies, and other delicious musicalities, &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot; offers music  lovers everywhere a taste of that California sunshine!  Led by Gwen  Stefani, &quot;No Doubt&quot; sizzles with hit singles &quot;Don't  Speak&quot; , &quot;Spiderwebs&quot;, &quot;Just a Girl&quot; and so much  more.  Other swinging and equally notable songs include the melodramatic  &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;, the roudy &quot;Happy Now&quot;, and the  anthem-esque &quot;The Climb&quot;.  Stefani's voice is truly a unique and  powerful instrument, belting it's way into mainstream, backed by the  talented stylings of other members Tony, Adrian, and Tom.  &quot;Tragic  Kingdom&quot; is a great little album, really different from anything else  with its spunk, style, and spirit.
0312955006|5.0|Connelly is probably one the best writers of these years. Those of you who like Crumley or Ellroy will be delighted to discover this author. I think that Connelly's book will be sooner or later adapted by one of the majors  of Hollywood.
6305558167|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS GREAT!  I think the folks that own this own dvd will agree when i say its on the level of Braveheart when it comes to action and story line...I havent seen this movies since i was a boy...it was like watching  it for the first time..the scenes are wonderful and vivid...If you like  action, a great story line and supurb acting BUY IT NOW!  and add to your  collection...
B00000IPAX|5.0|We are spoiled by the technology of today's society.  We have CD players, multiple disc CD changers, CD burners, mini-disc players, MP3 players, etc.  All of these technology advances have created an enviroment where we don't  have to listen all the songs of an album.  We can change tracks and discs  very efficienty so we do not have to listen to the songs we do not like.   Blink 182 is a CD where you will not want to change tracks or CDs.  The  entire CD is upbeat and very entertaining whether your listening to music  by yourself, on a road trip, at a party, at a dance, or any other place  people listen to music.  When Blink 182 is in the CD player you will not  want to use all of this technology to skip tracks or change CD's. This  album is fantastic through its entirety.
B000021Y74|5.0|My daughter was watching this video when I stuck my head in the door to ask her a question. Over an hour later, I'd forgotten the question but asked her how she'd heard about this incredible movie.<br />Word of mouth -  she told me. Everyone was raving about it.<br />&quot;Run Lola Run&quot;  moves so fast you're afraid to blink. Every brief part has an important  element in the film's plot.<br />As the prior reviewer said, she has to solve  what seems to be an impossible conundrum. Yet the resolution that she  arrives at is itself quite a twist.<br />The problem with reviewing a film  like this is that it is near impossible to discuss substantive elements of  the flick without giving away the plot!<br />The acting is very good. The  music is fantastic and captures the essence of intrigue. And the plot  leaves you thinking those deep thoughts for some time.<br />I loved it. And I  don't even like foreign films!
B00003XB8K|1.0|This album is for those of you who do not have any of the earlier albums, if you do, do not waste your money. There is nothing new in this album.
B00003CWL5|4.0|Many years ago, a famous columnist (Erma Bombeck or Ann Landers) said that if you could string up all your troubles on the back yard clothes line - and view all your neighbor's problems out there in the open - at the end of the day, you'd want to take back in your own problems. You wouldn't want to be in anyone else's shoes.<br />I think that's a major theme in this movie. These families had deep, jarring, jugular issues. Yet they all managed - even worked to present a surface appearance of a normal, relatively happy American family.<br />Underneath those smiley facades were dysfunction, frustration, regret, misery, etc.<br />It's a movie about life in our modern times. Maybe that's why some are calling \\"American Beauty\\" a modern tragedy.<br />A caveat - it is a dark story. Adultery, promiscuity, casual profanity - it's not a film for anyone under 18.  And the characters apparently have no morals or self-control.  It's an interesting movie, but in a voyeristic kind of way.
B000000W6F|4.0|Well, this is the first album of one of he greatest bands of the world.My favorite. It's a great start for a band. Although Gish wasnt a top selling album because of the shadow of Nirvana's album &quot;Nevermind&quot; it  received great critics. The album starts with the powerful beats of Jimmy  Chamberlin drumming in &quot;I am One&quot; great intro song for a new  band; then comes two excellent songs &quot;Siva&quot; and the  electro-ballad &quot;Rhinoceros&quot;,in these two songs Billy shows his  ability to play great guitar riffs and to write very riddling songs;  &quot;Bury me&quot;: D'arcy playing the bass greatly but Jimmy is always  caughting the listener's ear with his druuming; &quot;Crush&quot;: Great  lyrics but let's face it, it's one of the  weaker songs in the record;  &quot;Suffer&quot; one of my favorites, a very psichodelic sound  Jimmy...great again; &quot;Snail&quot;: Billy's vocals at their best  excellent song and great lyrics also; &quot;Tristessa&quot;: This song  really reveal what kind of guitarists Billy and James are.....the solo at  the middle of the song is mindblowing, and the druming....please!.Jimmy:  You did it again!; &quot;Window Paine&quot;: this is like the sequel of  &quot;Crush&quot; but it's more intense at the end of it;  &quot;Daydream&quot;:D'arcy has a beautiful voice and again the lyrics are  great. In conclusion, this album is well produced, Butch Vig emphasized the  sound in the drums and the guitars, and the music is played with a great  intensity and soul.....Buy it! Pumpkins Forever!
B000003BF1|4.0|This album , in my opinion, is the best Stones album ever, if you like their bluesy rock style opposed to their late 70's Emotional Rescue type music.Great tracks on this album &quot;Let it Bleed&quot;,&quot;Midnight  Rambler&quot;, &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot;, and my personal favorite  &quot;Monkey Man&quot;. Why &quot;Monkey Man&quot; is'nt played on the  radio like every other Stones' hit is besides me.Of all the Rolling Stones  CDs I own , I would recomend this be the first you buy.
B00003Q438|5.0|The first time I saw this, my original thought was that it was a great movie with a bad, short, obviously cut off ending.  It was bad enough that I had no desire to see it again.  But hey, guess what, the ending WAS cut  short!  I knew it!  Grabbed the DVD special edition and bingo!  WOW!  This  movie does have meaning to it!  It is incredible how much just a few  minutes can add to the movie as a whole.   BTW If for anything else, you  have to get this movie for the &quot;wave&quot; shot (that was originally  cut)!
B00000JBFW|4.0|This is the Deep Purple lineup that most people are familiar with. But, this album doesn't bring back all the magic. The title track and &quot;Knockin At Your Back Door&quot; are two classic songs. But, the rest  of the album is hit and miss. This is not Machine Head or Fireball  material, but it is good and that classic Purple sound can still rock.
B000001OAA|5.0|Short, but descriptive;<br />1. Supervixen: Gotta luv the skips, and it catches in your head like a fish to a pole (LOL). 2. Queer: I love the musical break after the repeat of the chorus, and the whole song varies from softer to hard. 3. Only Happy When It Rains: I used to love it, but I  got kind of... well, bored with it. But it's so catchy it gets repetitve.  4. As Heaven Is Wide: I just don't like it, no variety in music, but cool  lyrics. 5. Not My Idea: It's Soooo catchy, you just want to hum...da da da  da da da dum... 6. Stroke Of Luck:  I love this, it's my 1# song, with  beautiful music, and lyrics you just want to sleep. 7. Vow: Lyrics rule,  it's O.K. for a little while, you can listen to it every day without  getting tired, but more than three times a day..yeesh. 8. Stupid Girl: I  like the music, and the pre-choruses. 9. Dog New Tricks: O.K. just not as  good as the other songs. 10. My Lover's Box: I like the chorus, and the  music, but it gets tiring. 11. Fix Me Now: Chorus is cool, but Shirley's  voice sounds weird. Theengs doont have to be thees weeey, catch me on a  beeter deey. 12. Milk: Shirley shines, sweet singing, and eerie music makes  one hell of a sleeper. I rest my case.
B00004KD11|3.0|This is the first incarnation of Deep Purple. The song that most people are familiar with is &quot;Hush&quot; and it is the best song on the album. &quot;And The Address&quot; is a scorching instrumental. &quot;Love Help Me&quot; has a nice guitar solo and is a good pop song. If you're looking  for the headbanging sound of Deep Purple, this isn't it. But it's still not  that bad.
B000002LGA|3.0|The lyrics are great: a sharp and entertaining social commentary on big city life. But the album is an hour long, and begins to drag on halfway through. Reed seems to have written the songs in five minutes, all of them  consisting only of one chord sequence going round and round. Enjoyable but  not captivating.
B000005AYM|1.0|I guess I will never understand the soul of soul music. Especially not when it is this modern soul stuff which has elements of disco and sleepy drum-machine rhythms.<br />Erykah Badu is a great singer, all right, but this  album lacks fantasy and creativity. Even as a jazz admirer, I don't see the  greatness of Baduizm... the jazz inspiration is so tiny and so hidden  that it takes good ears and patience to discover it.<br />Yawn.
B000000WFU|4.0|The music of Adiemus is both passionate and uplifting, but is perhaps the most remarkable because it fails to fall into the trap of sentimentality.  The title track is undoubtedly the strongest music here, but the others are filled with such a lush positive energy that they grow on you the more you  listen.  The more you are willing to shed your pretensions and  pre-conceptions, in fact, the better the music becomes.  As such, I regard  it as an excellent &quot;purifying&quot; experience - choral, tribal, and  unknowable all at the same time, Adiemus is an impressive mixture of  poignancy and simplicity.
0307155102|5.0|As an adult I'm somewhat embarrassed to say that my favorite book ever, is this book. As a kid, my brother and I use to fight over who would get to view and use this book. I have both the recently published and my original one that my mom bought us back in the 60s. I've viewed the new edition, and  even though I haven't compared &quot;page to page&quot; it still gives me a  great laugh, humor that Scarry put in that only adults would see, like the  Pigs that are cutting the roast beef for &quot;Meal Time.&quot; Hey,  where's the Ham!  A definite must for every eclectic library.
6305750750|4.0|One must exercise caution when one approaches The Phantom Menace.  Why?  Well, the Star Wars saga has, in the past 23 years, grown to such phenomenal proportions that many consider it a shared quasi-religious  experience.  Many die-hard fans have felt betrayed by this movie.  But I  say to you, &quot;You must unlearn... unlearn!&quot;  In no way is this  movie a betrayal.  Every complaint that has been levelled against it (lousy  comedics, plot holes, annoying dialogue, formulaic ending) can easily be  drilled into Episodes IV, V, and VI as well.  Which is why it seems silly  to revere the originals with such vaunted praise.  Yes, they were all  phenomenal movies.  But why?  Not because of the acting!  Not because of  the plot!  No, it was because Star Wars is, at heart, a gorgeous feast for  the senses.  Sabres flash, podracers soar, blasters blast, aliens quip and  entrance, and when the pseudo-philosophical meanderings get a bit too  thick, blasters blast some more.  People - this is an adventure movie!   Think pulp.  Think space opera.  But don't think, &quot;This is not the  spiritual experience that was Return of the Jedi!&quot;  (BWAHAH! *Ahem*  Excuse me.)  If you enter it with the only expecation of being amazed and  entertained, you will be delighted.  If you're on a religious hajj, point  your bare feet back in the direction of Mecca.  This is a good flick!
6305807086|5.0|How much control do we have over our own lives?  Scholars and theologians alike constantly debate free will and fate, but their studies concern the will of a greater being.  What if all that we are is just a marionette  being controlled by another person's deft hands?  What if it's the same  person whom we've crossed paths with on the street, secretly manipulating  your every action, even your words and movements?  It's no suprise that the  story's plot and the hobby of Craig Schwartz (John Cusack) are so  intertwined.  Incredible performances by all of the cast, especially  Malkovich, purposely remaining the flattest character in the movie.  Don't  see this one if you're going to get hung over by the fact that a portal  exists into a man's head.  See it to discover what happens when we start  pulling other people's strings, how our lives are affected, and what the  intoxicating feeling of control can drive people to do.
B00004SVID|3.0|Why would a devoted Pink Floyd fan only give this three stars?<br />This live album comes from an interesting time in PF history.  The Wall was a departure from the sound and style of the previous 3 albums and marked the end of PF's golden period.  The band also broke up shortly after this tour.  These factors makes this a worthwhile time to note in PF history.<br />The  quality of the recording is not that bad.  It was better than I expected (I  had heard that the master tapes were in really bad condition).  The musical  quality is also not bad.  They don't miss a cue and the songs sound tight.  But, PF has always been a really great live bad, just take a listen to  Ummagumma's live side or Live at Pompeii or Gilmour's extended Comfortably  Numb guitar solo on Delicate Sound of Thunder for proof.<br />What this  album lacks is real feeling or a new way of looking at the songs.  All live  albums could learn a lesson from Van Morrison's &quot;It's too late to stop  now...&quot;  &quot;Is there anybody out there?&quot; sounds almost exactly  like the studio version and rarely strays from it.  There is no new insight  here.  That makes it not worth buying if you already have The Wall.  I wish  they released this as a video.  I was too young to see this concert live  when it originally came around.  This concert seems like it was more of an  audio and visual experience.  Having it on CD is like missing half the  concert.<br />So, if you don't have The Wall already or you are a completist  by nature (and I understand all too well), this is not a bad buy.  It does  also contain two extra songs not on The Wall, but they are nothing new.  &quot;What shall we do now?&quot; is in the movie, listed on the album, and  you can hear a really awful version of it as a duet between Bryan Adams and  Roger Waters on The Wall: Live in Berlin.  The other song is really a  reprise of all the previous themes on the album.<br />But, if you have The  Wall already, it is not necessary to get this album.<br />Instead, try to  get some good live 70's bootlegs of &quot;Careful with that Axe  Eugene&quot;.ary to get this album.  <br />Instead, try to  get some good live 70's bootlegs of &quot;Careful with that Axe  Eugene&quot;.
6305807086|5.0|How much control do we have over our own lives? Scholars and theologians alike constantly debate free will and fate, but their studies concern the will of a greater being. What if all that we are is just a marionette being  controlled by another person's deft hands? What if it's the same person  whom we've crossed paths with on the street, secretly manipulating your  every action, even your words and movements? It's no suprise that the  story's plot and the hobby of Craig Schwartz (John Cusack) are so  intertwined. Incredible performances by all of the cast, especially  Malkovich, purposely remaining the flattest character in the movie. Don't  see this one if you're going to get hung over by the fact that a portal  exists into a man's head. See it to discover what happens when we start  pulling other people's strings, how our lives are affected, and what the  intoxicating feeling of control can drive people to do.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I bought Mody's CD without not really know what kind of songs are on it.  I just saw his music video on tv.  Well this is the best CD i bougth since Fiona Apple's new one.  The only thing it ran out of steam trowads the end.   But finshed it was a great song.  I think you should buy or use some eles'  CD or Tape.  So you can listen to Moby.
B00003CWRX|5.0|American Beauty deserved the oscar, but that's not to say that The Insider isn't a good movie.  Rather I'd list it as number 2 of the nominees, and for good reason - it's an amazing film.  Both Crowe and Pacino deliver  wonderful performances, and the story is an interesting critique on the  role of the media and the problems with big business.  If I have any  complaint of this film, it would be its subjective nature, but that's to be  expected from any film.<br />The Insider is one of the best films of the year,  just behind Fight Club and American Beauty.<br />See it!
0451196716|5.0|I've read The Long Walk well over 10 times in the last 10 years and it continues to get better and better. Once again, King has taken the most simplistic idea to an extreme to create an incredibly suspenseful tale.  That idea, a sport where the loser pays the ultimate sacrifice. That sport,  ultimately simplistic in itself. Walk. The characters have variety,  diversity and depth. It is a riviting work that will hold your attention  rapt from start to finish, exploring the depths of human consciousness. A  must read for any true King fan. Not only the best Bachman book, but the  best King book.
630575067X|5.0|This movie has the first of what will hopefully be many appearances by the greatest acting sensation in the history of the cinema... WATTO!  That alone gets the film the highest  review possible. Aren't their 6 stars? Watto certainly deserves them.
B000005RFQ|2.0|A lot of people below don't know what they are talkingabout. Iommi and GIllan own opinion is that this album [is no good]! Look at the cover art !  THen look the mixing which is horrible, the sounds are all together, with Gillan's voice well below. It is a record below Sabbath's standard, an album to be forgotten forever, with the exception of &quot;Trashed&quot;, an astonishing gripping tune.
B000003NA4|5.0|After buying Diana's &quot;All for you&quot; album I took a shot on &quot;Love Scenes&quot;. I have to admit I was not dissapointed. I am a big fan of a good love song, and Diana does a great job of putting her own  special stamp on these old favorites. I recently had the pleasure to see  her in concert (if you have the chance to see her live, I highly recommend  it) where she performed many tunes from this album. I couldn't wait to get  home and pop this CD in the stereo. Her soft sultry voice lends a great  deal of passion and emotion to each song, from the fun and enjoyable  &quot;Peel Me a Grape&quot; to the warm and soft &quot;Gentle Rain&quot;. I  realize that my taste tends to cover a range of artist (Frank Sinatra, Tony  Bennett, Nat King Cole, Mel Torme, Rosemary Clooney, and Keely Smith) but I  wouldn't be afraid to recommend this recording to anyone..
6305426651|5.0|I do not like clowns, and the mere thought of a slapstick movie that uses the Holocaust as a background filled me with dread.  Ten minutes into this film (which has two distinctive &quot;halves&quot;) the romantic comedy  between real-life lovers Benigni and the lovely, lovely Nicoletta Braschi  was as good and as involving as any I have ever seen.  As the film turns  dark, the childlike optimism of Benigni's character, coupled with the  absolutely beguiling - and heartbreaking - child will have you crying,  laughing and clutching your throat in gasps of emotion.  The movie's  well-earned, and expected, finale sequence is hauntingly beautiful.  Life  Is Beautiful is beautiful, and the melancholy musical score serves it to  perfection.  Viva Benigni!
0060930187|4.0|An in-depth look at the struggles of a young woman.   Reviewer: Linville LA Student from Linville, Louisiana  I really enjoyed this book because it took you inside the mind and heart of Esther Greenwood. You always knew how  she was feeling. The Bell Jar is a story about a successful woman who  struggles with her inner self and some social issues. She gradually slips  into a deep, dark depression and struggles to find the light of day again.  She has problems with her mother. She can't seem to get a relationship  worth keeping. She had problems finding someone she could trust; someone  that could and would help her. She admits herself to an asylum, where she  spends a lot of time. Shock therapy was proven ineffective and therefore  pointless. She just drifts deeper and deeper into her state of depression  until she does not even know who she is. The only thing I didn't really  like was the ending of the book. You never find out what happens to Esther.  Her destiny is left up to the individual reader.
6305718954|4.0|Scarry.......NO Entertaining.......YES<br />I found the DVD version to be an excellent purchase with the addition of the 2nd ending. Kinda Resembles Blair Witch in a way, but Stigmata is scarier and no dizziness factor.  On  the downside I thuoght the movie needed more suspense.  Although Stigmata  portrayed the subject very well the acting needed improving, especially  from the priest.
B000002B30|5.0|My thoughts on this guy are well known. I have reviewed a number of his discs and videos. A greatest hits CD is a no lose deal! How can it be anything other than 5 stars! He has some of the best discs on release, so  the cream on a single disc should be required shopping.<br />How can it fail!
6305095442|5.0|Hey Kiddiez, you want goo/blood/guts/gore/gruesome/meat/beef, then you better get your hands on this movie.  It is the best of the Evil Dead movies by far.  It has a lot of comic relief for squirmish people like when  his hand beats his head with plates and knox him out.  La pelicula  &quot;Evil Dead 2&quot; es gran. You have to see this movie, see it, no ,  BUY IT, YES.  you don't even need to see it before you buy it, it is worth  every penny I paid for it and then some.  One of the most random deaths for  a decapitated head, getting stuck in a clamp and then getting a chainsaw to  tha dome (jonathan voice from the movie we made when he says boot to the  dome).  Please get this movie so I don't have to keep telling you people  what you need to do, its great, buy it now.  Bruce Campbell deserves an  award for his performance, even though he only had about 17 speeking lines.   Ok, i'm cruizin for a bruizin if I don't get off, so later yo, eat it up.   <br />-Beatmaster V
B000002G23|4.0|The Police are one of the best bands ever. They are one of the tightest trios ever to have recorded a note. The tempo of their music changes with every song, and in their words, <br />&quot;This box set has it all, every  single note&quot;<br />And that it does, although I was a little peaved there  wasn't more live material, as this is where they were at their absolute  best. But they are true to their word, you can hear everynote, including  some of the stuff they don't want you to hear. They review each track in  the superb book included, in which they critique every song honestly.<br />All  in all, for a Police fan, BUY IT NOW! For a casual fan, buy a best of  album. Good work boys!
B00003CXDU|5.0|No one had to convince me that this was a good movie.  I have to admit, the corny TV show clip that began the movie was almost painful to watch, as well at the crew of the N.S.E.A. Protector pimping themselves in front of a  store.  But as soon as they were beamed into space and their smug commander  showed them the ship that had been conjured into being by the Thermians,  all that drifted away.  Although this movie is a spoof on Trek, there is  genuine emotion involved (for any doubters, look into Tim Allen's eyes when  he activates the Omega 13.  I rest my case.)  It's nice to finally have a  movie that is genuine, good -natured, and funny.  Even if you HATE sci-fi,  watch this movie!  (P.S.  Am I the only one who noticed that Tony Shalhoub  went through about half the film clutching a greasy paper bag?)
B000000Y27|4.0|If you've yet to add any of guitarist Montgomery's recordings to your collection, this wouldn't be a bad start.  In fact, you probably couldn't do much better.  For this 1960 session, produced by Orrin Keepnews,  Montgomery was surrounded by a stellar group of musicians: the incomparable  Tommy Flanagan on piano, and the always compatible duo of bassist Percy  Heath and his brother, drummer Albert Heath.  The material is strong,  ranging from standards like &quot;Polka Dots and Moonbeams&quot; and  &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot; to Montgomery originals &quot;Four On  Six&quot; and &quot;West Coast Blues&quot; (both of which subsequently  became 'standards' in their own right).  I don't know much about jazz  guitar, but Montgomery is definitely on point here--his improvisations are  always very fluid and soulful.  Flanagan provides sensitive accompaniment,  as usual--dig his beautiful solo on Dave Brubeck's &quot;In Your Own Sweeet  Way.&quot;  All in all, this'd be a great recording to introduce, say, a  budding jazz guitarist to how a guitar should function in a jazz ensemble.   Well worth owning.
B0000026NC|3.0|I was expecting to write a really nasty review about this ablum.  This had all the earmarks of a bad reuninon concert, meant to promote a subpar reunion album and capitalize off of old glories.  Just the dorky, pretentious title is enough to scare off the mature Pink Floyd fan.  But  this is Pink Floyd, they have a wealth of great songs and they know how to  put on a show.  Even at their worst, they are still good.<br />After Pink  Floyd officially broke up in 1983, Gilmour and Mason got back together in  1986 to record &quot;A Momentary Lapse Of Reason&quot;.  For complex  reasons, Wright joined in near the end of the project and received minor  credits.  There are some good moments on the album, but it really isn't any  better than &quot;The Final Cut&quot; and sounds less like a Pink Floyd  album.  Mason, Gilmour and Wright, with a large backup band went on tour of  indoor arenas in 1987.  It was so succesful, they came back less than 6  months later, in 1988 for a tour of outdoor stadiums.  During the tour,  many of the props and special effects from the seventies shows were brought  out of retirement.<br />This album is from those tours.  Like all typical Pink  Floyd concerts, the first set featured the new material and the second set  is a collection of the greatest hits.  But, for some reason, this 2 CD set  does not represent a full concert (maybe so they could also sell the later,  more complete videos).  The new songs aren't that strong but it all gets  enhanced with the live treatment of the material.  Most of the older  material is stretched out into fascinating new versions.  There are good  guitar and sax solos.  Money and Comfortably Numb are especially good.  Overall, the music has a lively, booming quality to it.  <br />In 1988, this  would be a great ablum to have.  Now there are more choices.  If you can  find it, the video of the same name would be a better choice.  It offers  more songs and you get to listen to the music in the context of the  visuals.  The 2 CD live album from 1994, Pulse, contains most of the same  material, without the inferior new songs.<br />An interesting historical note  is that Roger Waters was touring at the same time.  He actually played more  Pink Floyd songs and many of his versions were superior to those on this  record.  A CD of those shows (or any Pink Floyd show from the seventies)  would be a much better treat.
B000005H4F|5.0|Miles practically steals the show on this underrated masterpiece.  Well, perhaps underrated is the wrong term--more at 'underappreciated'.  This is an impeccable recording, just shy (in my humble opinion) of the lofty  standard set by &quot;Kind of Blue.&quot;  As one reviewer noted, he's  heard nothing but positive feedback when he's played this for the casual,  unassuming listener.  To sum it up in a sentence, if somebody requested me  to &quot;play some good jazz&quot; and I didn't have &quot;Kind of  Blue&quot; with me, I'd play this.  Heck, even if I did have &quot;Kind of  Blue,&quot; it'd be a toss-up.  Everybody's playing is just so assured, and  the arrangements are beautiful, particularly the muted, pensive take on  &quot;Autumn Leaves.&quot;  Blakey swings and shuffles like mad, Miles is  at his broodingest best, Hank Jones plays like a genius, light as a feather  yet majestically assured; and Cannonball is at his bluesy best. Buy this  record...it's tight!
B00003CWL5|5.0|Well, I almost have to cry when I read reviews that speak negatively of this undisputed masterpiece. Before you say another thing: no, this movie is not about a man fantasizing over a 16 year old girl. In fact, the movie  has almost nothing to do with that aspect when you stand back and ''look  closer.'' Sometimes I can't find words to describe how I feel about this  extrordinary film...and on that same point, I shouldn't be able to. The  movie is an expirience, a journey, that every person can take for himself.  One person may take it differently then another, but by no means does  should it lead to a neagative conclusion. THERE IS NO NEGATIVE CONCLUSION  TO GO ALONG WITH THIS FILM! I'm sorry that some of you can't understand,  because let me asure you that you missing out on an expirence that won't be  replicated in a long time....or ever.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album is a must buy for all Savage Garden fans and those who luv songs that touch the heart. I just luv this album. The song rendering is so oothing. 'Crash and burn' will really mend a broken heart!  i always listen to this song when i am down, and i know that there will be someone for me.  An excellent piece of work by Darren Hayes and Danile Jones.
B00000IPAX|5.0|If you are a Blink fan and you don't have this cd, get it. I love all the songs on it especially, &quot;Adam's Song&quot;, &quot;Dysenary Gary&quot; and &quot;Dumpweed&quot;. Sure this cd has got a little more pop in it than  their others, but if you are a true fan of Blink, it won't bother you. Just  because they have become more popular doesn't mean you have to stop being a  fan. So if you don't have this cd, go get it.
B000002GVZ|5.0|The first half of Carly's career from the early 70s. Everyone use to have greatest hits albums out every four years. They should have waited four more years on this one. Carly's second half of the 70s was even better.  Last night I found the Secret to Carly's song,&quot;Your so Vain.&quot;  Right at the end,when the songs fadding out,you can hear Carly  say,&quot;Beatty.&quot;You have to turn your stero up,but I swear thats the  last word you hear. I thought she was saying &quot;Baby&quot; but its  &quot;Beatty&quot; as in Warren Beatty. My favortie song on this CD is  &quot;Anticipation.&quot; I remember singing this song in the car with my  good friend,Karen Holliway,driving out to Wintersville.We were both  teenagers just starting out in life.It was the Good old days as Carly sings  at the end of this Classic. There are a couple of songs on this CD that are  not hits,like &quot;Night Owl,&quot; with Paul and Linda McCartney singing  backup,and &quot;Attitude Dancing,&quot; with Carole King,but I enjoy both  of these songs. Carly had a great box set out in 1995.The first CD has all  of Carly's hits over the years.I wish Arista would release this one CD from  the box set for the people who couldn't afford the 50bucks.It would be a  huge hit.Also,look for Carly's new CD,&quot;The Bedroom Tapes,&quot; coming  out May 16.
B000000QG9|5.0|Few guitarists have been as underappreciated by the public as this one (with the possible exception of Roy Buchanan). This CD smokes. Rory not only shows why he is one of the industries best bluesmen, but also  demonstrates his ability to rock. This is by far his best recording. The  tracks on this CD are highly listenable for any rock affeciando as well as  the blues lover. From the simplicity of Barley and Grape Rag to the  complexity of Moonchild through the almost Jazz-influenced Jacknife Beat,  Rory shows an incredibly complex range of sounds. This is one of the top  twenty rock or blues recordings of all time. If you make one purchase of a  Rory Gallagher recording - this should be the one. And if you become a fan  - buy Top Priority as your second choice. You won't be disappointed
B000001DVD|5.0|Put simply, this is the best album Def Lep ever released. Although not nearly as commercially successful as &quot;Pyromania&quot;, this album is more raw and more true to what they sound like live rather than the studio  polished sounds of &quot;Pyromania&quot;. Don't get me wrong, I love  &quot;Pyromania&quot; and all their other stuff, but every album since  &quot;High N' Dry&quot; has been filled with more synths and studio tricks  that they can not produce live. This is still one of my all time top 10  favorite albums. If you like 80's melodic metal, this is a MUST have  (especially if you think some of their stuff is closer to Pop). Every song  has a great guitar riff along with a catchy, melodic chorus you'll find  yourself singing along with long after the song is over.
B00000IONU|5.0|This album almost killed me! I heard their version of Saint James Infirmary Blues on Album 88 in Atlanta GA (88.5 tune it in!) and nearly ran a red light. Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Cramps, Royal Trux, old raw Sonic  Youth, Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys, Robert Johnson, none quite explain  the White Stripes. Moe Tucker like drums and that indescribable voice. You  need this album, you really, really do.
6302878527|5.0|&quot;Two For the Road&quot; is one of Stanley Donen's best films -- and that's saying a lot. Audrey Hepburn displays her strongest acting, Albert Finney is wonderful, the writing is witty and truthful, and the Mancini music fits the movie perfectly. Donen creates a story that bears repeat viewing, cutting back and forth among the different time periods in the Wallaces' life. <br />The most annoying thing about the video is that it is not letterboxed, so you know you're missing out on part of the picture. When will this outstanding film be given the treatment it deserves? DVD, widescreen, and hopefully commentary by Stanley Donen himself. Criterion did it with Donen's &quot;Charade&quot; -- hopefully &quot;Two For the Road&quot; will be next!
B00000IONU|5.0|This album almost killed me! I heard their version of Saint James Infirmary Blues on Album 88 in Atlanta GA (88.5 tune it in!) and nearly ran a red light. Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Cramps, Royal Trux, old raw Sonic  Youth, Bob Wills and the Texas Playboys, Robert Johnson, none quite explain  the White Stripes. Moe Tucker like drums and that indescribable voice. You  need this album, you really, really do.
0380789019|4.0|A fascinating look into a mirror world of our own existence.  Neil Gaiman will have you hooked after only a few chapters.  You will be intrigued by Richard Mayhew, his romantic gateway into the London other world,  &quot;Door&quot;, and all of her enemies and allies.  It is a dark novel  and one with haunting gore and violence.  Nevertheless, it is a book you  won't want to put down.  This is especially true if you imagine yourself as  a mythical traveler along for the ride with Richard Mayhew where people  that you encounter either help you (a lot) or hurt you (as in deader than a  doornail, but there is still a chance to survive!).
B0000011MH|3.0|The first half of this album is made up of a set of variations on the Bo Diddley rock standard &quot;Who Do You Love.&quot; Each band member has writing credits for one of the four variations here.<br />The first, third and  fourth of these variations, respectively When, How and Which &quot;Do You  Love&quot; are really good. The guitar solos really do expand on the  original. The remaining variation,  &quot;Where Do You Love&quot; is not up  to the same standard. Of course, in the sixties, a Blues, Rock Guitar Band  could indulge in prodigious quantities of illegal substances, get up on  stage and get away with things like &quot;Where DYL&quot;. If they were  lucky, the audience would be in a similar state and everyone would be  happy. Today, it's all a little embarrassing.<br />The second section of the  album kicks off with Mona, another Diddley number that has been recorded by  many bands. The version here is distinguished by the guitar work and the  spaced out feel.<br />After, follow two songs, &quot;Maiden of the Cancer  Moon&quot; and &quot;Calvary&quot; written by band member Gary Duncan and  quite frankly they are the weakest part of the album. The latter in  particular seems to wander all over the place without getting anywhere or  saying anything much of musical interest.<br />The album rounds off with a  rendition of Happy Trails, the theme song of Roy Rogers which was written  by his wife Dale Evans. I suppose that it's there for a laugh.<br />I can only  award this album three stars because, while some parts are very good, there  is too much weak material cluttering up the good bits.
0425129586|5.0|A great book for all mystery lovers. One of Agatha Christie's best of all time.If you like her other books then you will love this one.
0140277447|5.0|&quot;The rape of Nanking&quot; tells the Japanese Soldiers atrocities in Nanking. More than 300,000 Chinese civilians and soldiers were systematically raped, tortured, and murdered within weeks.It's death toll  even exceeds the atomic blasts of Hiroshima and Nagasaki combined.<br />The  book &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot; was excellent. It's story deserves to  be heard. The book was a compelling piece of history that speaks about  humankind's inhumanity. In places it is almost unbearable to read,but it  should be read because only if the past is understood can the future be  navigated.
B00003CWOL|4.0|I loved God as a being involved with and loving Her/His creation.  The Sion and The Voice were great.  So were The Muse, The Apostle, The Demon and the fallen angels.  The prophets had their moments, especially the  silent one.  Together though the film was a little too dumb guy for me.   Once nice thing about DVD's is that I can skip some of the trashier moments  and enjoy rewatching this film.
0060977493|5.0|I'm a woman from Spain, and I found this book really wonderfull. I think it's the best one I have never read, with another one from Tom Spanbauer called &quot;The Man Who Fell in Love With the Moon&quot;. I read it twice,  and the second one was so much increible than the first one.  Congratulations, Arundathi!
B00003CWOL|3.0|This movie deserves more than a featurless DVD with only a theatrical trailer as an extra, hopefully someday a special edition will come out.<br />This movie is very original and very funny.  Weather you are religious  or not, you will enjoy the fantasy and comedy this movie has to offer.  Some may not like the over abitious style of the story, because it is  controversial as most of Kevin Smith's films are, but just watch it with an  open mind, and you'll enjoy it.  If you are not a Kevin Smith fan however,  look the other way.
B00004RYZT|5.0|Considering everything you get - 17 tracks of live music (3 with 5 additional camera angles to choose from), 14:30 of interviews, 5.1 Dolby Digital sound (the Amazon info doesn't say it's there, but it is), and an  additional hidden track for the controversial &quot;Stripped&quot; video  (as previously mentioned here, hit 23, then Enter on your remote at the  main menu) - fans of Rammstein can't afford not to have this DVD.<br />The  &quot;Buch Dich&quot; track has been edited out of the DVD version, but  this is not a censored DVD; it's just the only one available, at least in  Region 1 NTSC format. The only way to see &quot;Buch Dich&quot; is by  picking up the VHS tape. If you're trying to decide between the two  formats, I'd say the DVD is tops, hands down. I have both, and since I've  gotten the DVD I haven't picked up the VHS even once. The video and audio  are superior to that of the VHS, and the VHS doesn't have any of the  additional features you can find on the DVD.<br />Speaking of video and audio,  they're both pretty good, but not great. There's some minor artifacting in  the video due to the onstage smoke effects combined with the fact that this  is just a single layer disc. The 5.1 Dolby Digital sound seems to be a bit  lacking in bass (though the band never has been all that heavy on it) and  the rear channels mostly only play crowd noise. But again, this DVD is  definately the best way to enjoy a Rammstein concert, aside from actually  being there.
6305807086|5.0|This is the most original movie I think I have ever seen.  The style of filmmaking, and the original comedic and twisted story will have you thinking for a very long time.  Another good thing is this movie does not  cross the line into being pretentious, as most heavy art films do.  This  movie will appeal to a large audience.  It's hard to pinpoint the effect  this movie has, but definately see it.
B000001FS3|1.0|Led Zeppelin are the most overrated band of all time. U2 come 2nd.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This movie is not only one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, but it is also one of the best Science Fiction Movies I've ever seen.  A wonderfully entertaining script that not only pokes fun at the genre, but  also embraces and honors it.  Bottom line, this movie is great fun, and I  don't know a single person that didn't enjoy it!<br />The DVD has an average  ammount of features.  Not packed, but enough to keep you entertained.  I  highly reccomend this movie!
B000002KDO|5.0|Oops, wrong site, but I wanted to get my feelings across.
B000002UB3|5.0|This a fantastic album and arguably the Beatles best (who in turn were the best band ever).It is not so much an album full of hits, as it is one long beautiful swan song from the beatles. This was nearing the end of their run  and the mood of the album fits this notion. This is very much a lesson in  subtlety with the album requring one or two listening sessions before the  pure genius of Abbey Road soaks in. If at first it all sounds the same,  persevere because no album is more rewarding or soars so high, so many  times as this one.
B000002J0B|1.0|As a postscript to my review ' LED ZEPPELIN ARE OVERRATED GARBAGE!', I will tell you a short story in case you think I am the only on who has this opinion. Like many people ,my brother use to listen to Led Zeppelin and  moronically rave about them with a big stupid grin on his face. A few years  later though,he said to me in a quiet voice, like someone waking up from a  dream &quot;If you think about it, Led Zeppelin- not terribly good,are  they?&quot; Just leave their records where they belong, on the music store  shelf ( or preferably in the garbage can) , not in your home.
B00000J7J4|3.0|I liked Smooth, but some of the other songs were just this side of slightly weird. Carlos Santana is great...I'm not sure of some of the other collaborators he worked with on the other songs were as talented. Some of  the songs weren't a blend so much as an experiment and a little rough.  Unless you're in love with Santana and can overlook some of the rough  spots, or have so many other cds that you just want to experiment, this one  may not be for you.
0312084986|5.0|James is an absolute gifted story teller. I grew up with the BCC television series about this vet, and his books are the next best thing. Both children and adults alike will really enjoy these uplifting short  stories. I you like the Chicken soup for the soul series, you will not  regret buying this book, or any others James Herriot has written.
0790729628|5.0|I love this movie, its my all time favourite. Given all the supplementary extras available on the Criterion Laserdisc, why weren't these included in the DVD? I guess I'll have to shell out $... for the 'limited edition' version. I like the director's cut but also like the originally released  version with the film noir voice over by Harrison Ford that was deleted in  the DC. Its DVD, I'd like to get both versions!    Still, BR is one of the most influential sci fi movies ever made. You can trace the look of many sci fi movies back to BR. The score by Vangelis is haunting. The acting is excellent.    I heard Ridley Scott is working on a collector's edition that will hopefully have the bonus features fans deserve.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|FOR ME, THIS ALBUM IS ONE OF THE BEST OF A-HA; HIS SOUND IS SPECIAL AND THE UNION OF MORTEN, PAL AND MAGNE IS EXTRAORDINARY.<br />THE ONLY THEY NEED IS MOST PROMOTION IN AMERICA BECAUSE THEY ARE GREAT.MY FAVORITE SONGS  &quot;MINOR EARTH/MAYOR SKY&quot;,&quot;SUMMER MOVED ON&quot;, &quot;I WISH  I CARED&quot;, &quot;VELVET&quot; <br />THANKS
B00000HZFP|4.0|Who said a musical can't be funny, sweet, and still rock? Who said that theatre music can't have great beats and guitar hooks yet still manage to tell a coherent and poignant story? And who said that theatre and  sex-change operations belong only in the realm of campy goodness like  &quot;Rocky Horror Picture Show&quot;? Whoever they were, they were  wrong.<br />Racy yes. Daring definitely. But &quot;Hedwig and the Angry  Inch&quot; is hardly campy. It has a rocking and head banging score to go  along with its raging and rough storyline. Comparisons to the controversial  RENT, which seems like &quot;Annie&quot; next to &quot;Hedwig&quot;, may be  made but in reality, the two are completely different shows. One might as  well compare &quot;Sunday in the Park With George&quot; and  &quot;Footloose&quot;. <br />The CD starts off with &quot;Tear Me Down&quot;,  a catchy track with a rock piano accompaniment slightly reminiscent of Ben  Folds Five, but truly hooks the listener with its beautiful &quot;Origin of  Love&quot;, an acoustic ballad that has lyrics worth analyzing.<br />After  &quot;Origin of Love&quot;, the music remains just as good, but one really  starts to wonder about Stephen Trask's influences. The score, despite being  a wonderful blend of different styles and melodies, is basically a large  rock pastiche. &quot;Sugar Daddy&quot; is light country rock, &quot;Angry  Inch&quot; is heavy grunge, &quot;Wig In A Box&quot; is a sweet piano  ballad, and so forth. Still, this CD is worth buying, even if you haven't  seen the show, and a fairly good investment to make.
B00003CWOL|4.0|Kevin used an aggressive approach to his newest release Dogma.  Coming out of the movie theater people had mixed reviews.  Lets not kid ourselves...any movie about religion is going to offend some people.  Just  take the film as to the context in for which it was meant for and you get a  superbly done comedy filled with an all-star cast of up and coming actors  and established talent. Well written and great camera shots.  HIGHLY  RECOMMENDED!
B00000BKDS|4.0|This album rocks!  It's much more punk than the Dickinson albums, and D'ianno's raspy voice is perfect for this sound.  It's amazing that this album gets little play on radio stations.  Songs like Iron Maiden,  Sanctuary, Prowler, and especially Running Free are catchy, fast paced  songs which stick in your head for days, and Phantom of the Opera is a  classic, definitely the best song on the album and one of the best ever  from Iron Maiden. It wasn't what I expected from Iron Maiden...it's even  better.
B000002MG1|5.0|I purchased this album back in 1993 from the hype of &quot;Drive&quot; and &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; but never really listened to all of it. What can I say - I'm not a big REM fan.  It wasn't until recently that I found  the power of this recording!  I had gotten tested for HIV months ago and  while waiting a week for the results, I immersed myself in music to try to  forget the anxiety I was going through. I found myself pulling  &quot;Automatic&quot; from the shelf and listening to it over and over  again. The title of this album is perfect - it is truly for the people.  Whatever hardship you are going through, this beautiful masterpiece will  slowly heal your wounds. I can't put it into words, but it truly is  magical.  I can't tell you that this album will have as strong an impact as  it did on me, but at the very least, if you want to relax and hear some  inspiring music, this is for you.
B000009ED0|5.0|....Only one thing to say........KID ROCK..#1....
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I first heard Fiona on the radio with her big hit &quot;Criminal&quot; from her first album &quot;Tidal&quot;. I gave that album a try, however I couldn't get into it. Although I could see her amazing talent, I just found  it a little too depressing.  When &quot;When the Pawn&quot; came out, I was  interested in hearing if she had changed since 96. I was blown away! Not  only are the lyrics more uplifting, but the music is as well. There is  still that element of anger that only Fiona delivers so well, but all of  these songs are full of hope and a search of love.  While &quot;Fast As You  Can&quot; and &quot;Limp&quot; make for good commercial hits, the real gems  here are songs like &quot;Paper Bag&quot;, &quot;The Way Things Are&quot;,  and the beautiful ballad &quot;I Know&quot;.   I really appreciate how  there are only 10 songs on this album and each is different. Too many  artists think they have to have a minimum of 14 songs on an album these  days. Fiona kept it simple and yet made an incredibly deep record.  Not  only is this the best album of 1999, it's really the best I've heard in  over 4 years! A must have for anyone!
B000003JAY|5.0|This is a great collection of Billy Idol's best music. If you like him and his music--buy this CD! To all others--please stop filling your reviews with your own opinions about whether or not you like the artist or the  music. We all have opinions and they are all different. How about just  reviewing the CD itself. Also, why are people complaining that the CD is  incomplete? Did you not look to see what songs were on it BEFORE you bought  it? Anyway--if you like Billy Idol and his music--buy this CD, you will not  be disappointed.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is a great album by Limp Bizkit. If you are a fan of rap/hardcore/rock, you should buy this album. It is not an album to expect to be like 3dolla bill, but it is good. I think every song on this album is  good with the exceptions of &quot;Lesson Learned&quot; and the intro and  outro. If you like good rap/rock, then go buy this album...it is not a  waste.
B0000033WC|5.0|The original Loaded album is very impressive. In fact, it is one of the greatest albums of all time, along with the other three Velvet Underground albums. There is no denying the sheer brilliance of all four of these  albums. There is also no denying the incredible difference in these four  phenomenal albums. Their first album, The Velvet Underground &amp; Nico, is  one of the most influential and important albums of all time. What other  band starts out with their most contraversial album? The Velvet Underground  is the anwser. Their first album introduced many racy topics into the world  of rock music. Few songs at the time were about drugs, and if they were, it  wasn't obvious to the casual listener. Their first album has a song on it  named Heroin and another named Run Run Run. It is truly an incredible album  that should be in everyone's collection of rock albums. The Velvet's second  album, White Light / White Heat, is very different from the first. This  album, the last with John Cale, was one of the loudest albums ever  recorded, and still is. Songs like Sister Ray and the title track are  incredibly loud and distorted. The album, however, is still incredible.  Possibly the weakest of the four albums, but still incredible and five  stars. Their third album, simply titled the Velvet Underground, was a big  departure. With songs like Pale Blue Eyes and Candy Says, it is easily  their softest album, and equally incredible as their first two. Their  fourth and final album is this one, Loaded. The original album is enough to  easily match any of the other Velvet albums. Sweet Jane and Rock &amp; Roll  are two of their most well-known songs. They are also two of their best.  However, they do not overshadow the rest of the album. Every song on this  album is done in a different way. Who Loves The Sun is a very pop like  song. Sweet Jane and Rock &amp; Roll are both done in classic Rock styles.  Cool It Down and Held Held High are gritty, street songs. New Age is one of  their best soft ballads ever written. Lonesome Cowboy Bill is like a  country western rock song. I found A Reason is almost a Doo Wop song. Train  Round The Bend is a very catchy song. And finally, Oh Sweet Nothin' is a  beautifully drawn out song, in the style of Hey Jude. All the alternate  versions of these ten songs are equally impressive and very fun to listen  to. The best part, however, about the Fully Loaded Edition is all the extra  tarcks. Songs like Ocean, Ride into The Sun, and Satellite of Love are all  incredible, not to mention all the other songs on here that are gems. Even  if you do own the Box Set, Peel Slowly And See, which I do, it is still  very important to own this CD. Buy It.
079073172X|2.0|The third and extremely predictable Dirty Harry film. Eastwood's image and character as the tough San Fransisco cop is unconvincing this time around. All that's happening in this low-key movie is that Harry is out trying to  get a small force of criminals with a powerful rocket blaster. He's  partnered with Tyne Daly, who's not too bad. Yes, he's still got the .44  Magnum that Dirty Harry's remembered for.
B000002J2D|3.0|In their first recording after the departure of Peter Gabriel, Genesis was left with the personnel that would take them until the mid-1990's.  Phil Collins, Mike Rutherford and Tony Banks continue with a very similiar sound  to their previous albums; it's an interesting mix of progressive rock  (although the songs are shorter) and pop.  The last track, &quot;Follow  You, Follow Me&quot;, is terrific, but seems separate from the rest of the  album, since it's the only love song.  Whether you like the Gabriel sound  or the later Genesis sound, this album should suit both types.
0380730367|5.0|When Karen Nichols hired Boston PI Patrick Kenzie about a problem with a stalker, his impression of her was that of a wholesome, wide-eyed, corn-fed Mary Poppins clone.  Patrick solves her problem, gets paid, and thinks  little more about her 'til she ends up an ostensible suicide.  But what on  earth was Mary Poppins doing stoned out of her head and hooking out of a  seedy motel?  As Patrick pokes around a bit and meets her exceedingly weird  family, he learns that Karen had been the victim of an unholy run of bad  luck over the last months of her life, bad luck which appears to have been  carefully orchestrated by some unseen puppetmaster.  He has no client, ergo  no fees, but Patrick feels compelled to find out what happened.  As his  non-case gets progessively more bizarre, to say nothing of dangerous,  Patrick's erstwhile partner and lover, Angela Gennaro, joins forces with  him.  Add to this volatile mix psycho-teddybear Bubba Ragowski and the bad  guy is about to have a major hurt put on him -- if they can find him before  he destroys them.  The villain in this story is one of the slipperiest,  most evil characters seen in recent fiction.  This is a true nail-biter and  is guaranteed to induce chills and thrills as the chase to stop the evil  proceeds at a breakneck pace.  The suspense level is in the red zone.  There is violence, some of it graphic, but such is the nature of this  genre.  There is a noir ambience to this book and, like all of Lehane's  novels, it sparkles because the grit and the wit are presented in a  stylish, literary fashion that is a pure joy to read.  The novels of Dennis  Lehane are gifts -- indulge yourself!
0786219327|5.0|You don't need a high powered game computer to experience being on the deck of a fighting British Naval Vessel at the end of the eighteenth century.  You can smell the sea, watch the crew, hear the guns, and enjoy  yourself unlike any book I've ever read. This book was a lot of fun and I  look forward to reading the rest of the series.
0767849493|5.0|Kevin Smith does it again.  All of his movies make you use your head for more than just something to keep your Nike hat on, but this one combines great humor, awesome philosophy, and killer bud.  You can't go wrong with a  trio like that!  Kevin Smith is a modern Jonathan Swift, and as long as he  keeps making these movies, I'll keep watching them.
B00000IQBM|3.0|I have seen a lot of scary movies and this one was more then the other ones are but it still was just not appealing to me as a horror flick. I think this a grate movie to see if you are looking for a  thriller but not  a scream scream horror flick.
B000002PCS|5.0|A beautiful and haunting soundtrack is what this is.  A great companion to the movie, John Barry composed another masterpiece for the years.  Every piece on the soundtrack is different yet it intertwines with each other.  The piano compliments the orchestra and the result is wonderfully  emotional.  This soundtrack is reflective, compassionate and moving, yet it  has no words, but words are not necessary.  A brilliant work by a wonderful  composer.
014028009X|5.0|I absolutely love this book! Thus far I have read it four times and each time find it funnier than the last. As a 29 year old singleton swimming in a sea of smug married friends,never has there ever been a character I have  identified with as much as our Bridge. This is a must read for any single  woman in my age bracket who needs to stop taking life too seriously.
B00003CXBK|3.0|I can't understand how Disney isn't going to release this great movie with it's original language included as an option. One of the greatest features of a DVD is the possibility to change between languages and subtitles.  They're just wasting a great DVD. Japanese animation rocks!  but in  japanese!
B00002R0MC|4.0|Good CD.  But there are other CD's that will capture Bob's essence.
B00000BKDV|5.0|I don't usually review albums that are considered &quot;Classics&quot; (no  need to), but PIECE OF MIND is so good that I just had to comment....  Two  landmark albums came out in 1983, DIO's HOLY DIVER, and IRON MAIDEN's PIECE  OF MIND.  After that Heavy Metal was never the same.  From the thunderous  opener &quot;Where Eagles Dare,&quot; to the frantic energy of &quot;The  Trooper,&quot; to the Progressive Metal of &quot;Revelations,&quot; POM is  as good as Metal gets.  &quot;Flight Of Icarus&quot; shows that you don't  have to sacrifice power or complexity to make a song catchy.  The best song  on the album, however, may just be &quot;Die With Your Boots On,&quot;  which is one of the best straight-ahead Metal songs ever, as is (come to  think of it) &quot;Still Life.&quot;  Actually, the whole album is  incredible.  PIECE OF MIND is the kind of album where the band doesn't give  a damn about trends; they just write and record the kind of music that THEY  want to hear.  Because of that, PIECE OF MIND is timeless, and sounds as  fresh today as it did when it came out.  A MUST HAVE CD for all fans of  Metal and Hard Rock.  -(As are DIO's HOLY DIVER &amp; LAST IN LINE, and  MAIDEN's POWERSLAVE!  And if you're really feeling adventurous, check out  Bruce Dickinson's ACCIDENT OF BIRTH, which fits in perfectly with those  CD's!)
B000002NJM|5.0|All I can say is that if Motown wasn't your bag after seeing this movie and listening to the soundtrack, it sure is afterwords!
B000002NC4|5.0|This is the first Built to Spill I had ever heard. It blew me away. It's a voyage of sound and lyrics. The guitar work is like a tapestry-layers on layers while the moody and sometimes ambiguous lyrics kept me comming back  for more.
B000002KH3|5.0|THE BAND: David Lee Roth (vocals), Eddie Van Halen (guitars), Michael Anthony (bass), Alex Van Halen (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1978) 11 songs clocking in at approximately 36 minutes. This digitally remastered version released in 2000. Along with the disc is a 2-page foldout containing original album art/photos, song credits (no lyrics), and thank you's (first on the list is Gene Simmons - for being in the right bar at the right time and then financing their demo). All songs written by VH except \\"You Really Got Me\\" (by Ray Davies of the Kinks) and \\"Ice Cream Man\\" (by John Brim). Recorded at Sunset Sound Recorders, Hollywood, CA. Label - Warner Bros.<br /><br />COMMENTS: \\"VH1\\" is one of the great albums of the decade. And, Van Halen, for me, was one of the great bands of the late 70's and all of the 80's. David Lee Roth had that Steven Tyler attitude and swagger. Back in the day, Roth was great on their albums, great on stage, and a true character on radio interviews. Eddie Van Halen is/was brilliant on the guitar. A true innovator and pioneer (\\"finger-tapping\\")... forever mimicked and admired. Michael Anthony was the underrated bass player. I pit him as the backbone of the band. His (high pitched) backing vocals were 2nd to none. Alex Van Halen on drums was fast and steady as ever on \\"VH1\\". Great song writing and musicianship throughout - absolutely no filler on this release. Contained here is the now famous 1:42 minute guitar solo \\"Eruption\\" followed by the band's 1st big hit, \\"You Really Got Me\\"... and one should not go without the other. Other timeless classics include \\"Runnin' With The Devil\\", \\"Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love\\", \\"Feel Your Love Tonight\\", and \\"Jamie's Cryin'\\". Perhaps my favorite all-time VH tune is here - \\"Atomic Punk\\". This debut is a non-stop rocker of the utmost essential-ness. Classic debute. Classic disc.
0446677450|5.0|Rich Dad, Poor Dad is a must for anyone who has never been taught the fundamentals of how money works.  Robert's life story is written like a parable and it shows that true financial abundance is within your reach.   <br />While the nuts and bolts of actually building your fortune are not  included (like a &quot;How-To&quot; book) this book can create the  foundation to help you understand WHY the rich are rich, and the middle  class and working poor are woefully underprepared by our school system to  be financially self sufficient as adults.<br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book  and recommend it to anyone who has ever had a dream of being truly  financially set.
B0000085N4|5.0|I'd forgotten about this LP until just recently. Yes, I'm showing my age kids - I used the term LP :). After I pulled this album out of my vinyl stash last month. I threw it on the platter and put the needle to it<br /> In  listening to it, I'm blown away how good it is over 10 years later. Truely  great music is timeless and this album qualifies for this hands down. The  album has no weak material on it. Once you get into &quot;Sun King&quot;  and past &quot;Fire Woman,&quot; you are on ride that makes you stay on  till the LP is over.  Bob Rock does a first class job in the production and  Ian ;)... oh,how can the boy wail.<br /> I purchased the CD last month because  of it being remastered. In listening to the CD, I've appreciated how well  this effort flows from stem to stern. It builds a mood and holds it tight.  The CD with its seamless track list allows the flow and mood to really  shine.<br /> I would strongly recommend to anyone wanting to get into  essential 1980's hard rock to snag this baby. All the notorious 1980's  hairspray and glam is left in the dust here. This is an album that harks to  the days with rock meant something. Check it out - its class all the way.
B0000024U8|5.0|For fans of Bloomfield who can't get enough of his blues style.A thrown together on the spot jam session like this just doesn't get released anymore.And Stephen Stills showcases his best guitar work as well.My  favorite happens to be the much maligned &quot;Season Of The Witch&quot;.
B000002GF8|5.0|This is simple, when you get three guys that have studied jazz for years together, you know the result can't be bad. But, if, besides, one of them  is an incredible talented songwriter, then, you'll listen probably one of  the best bands on earth. I've have all The Police's CDs, and I must say  this is their very best, is the crown for the best pop band ever. The whole  album is perfect, with the exception of &quot;Mother&quot;, which is  incredible bad. However, you'll find here the highest level of composition  and every member executing their part at their highest level. Stewart  Copeland's drums are truly from another planet, Summers is the master of  Rithym Guitar, and Sting, of course, won't disappoint you, he brights as a  singer, but as a bassist as well. The tempo on &quot;Tea in the  Sahara&quot;, &quot;Miss Gradenko&quot;, and &quot;Wrapped around your  finger&quot; are exceptional. And, of course, the well known songs, as  &quot;Every breath you take&quot;, and &quot;King of Pain&quot; spare me  any further comment.It's as simple as this: GET THIS ALBUM RIGHT NOW!  It will help you to understand why music went down from that point on: It  couldn't get higher, The Police reached the top. The only thing I have to  regret is thinking what could have happened if The Police would have stayed  together for a coupple of more years. A really shame they had to split.
0783225547|4.0|When &quot;Dante's Peak&quot; was released I wasn't sure whether to see it straight away or wait until Volcano also came out. That way I could choose to see whichever film  got more of the popular vote. In the end, my natural  impatience won out and I went to see Dante's Peak. And as it turned out,  Volcano was a joke compared to Roger Donaldson's creation, so I made the  right choice.<br /><br />If any of you have read a Desmond Bagley novel,  you'll know what Dante's Peak is like. Slow to build up the pressure.  Dropping suspenseful hints left right and centre, and finally exploding  into an orgy of action that doesn't seem to stop. So naturally, to pull it  all off, a couple of top-flight action stars where needed.<br /><br />Pierce  Brosnan (Goldeney, The Thomas Crown Affair), plays Harry Dalton, a  volcanologist sent to investigate some strange measurements coming out of  Dante's Peak. Linda Hamilton (Terminator), is Rachel Wando, the town's  mayor and mother of two modern children, who are just waiting for a father  figure to  enter their lives. Bring Linda and Harry together and  significant glances start to fly, squeezed in amongst the flying lava of  course.<br /><br />The story is fairly straight-forward. You have an expert  that has a &quot;bad feeling&quot; about the mountain, up against a town  that would much rather have cocktails with investors than review the  emergency plan. Even Harry's own team of geologists, don't want to rock the  boat before they see the whole lake rocking. But it's not the story that  makes this movie so good, it's the situation.<br /><br />As in so much of  history, we humans will continue to be convinced everything is going to be  fine, right up until that first handful of dirt hits the coffin lid. In  this case, people don't panic until the town hall shakes, buildings fall  down and the top of their mountain takes a short tour through the  stratosphere. &quot;It's too late people&quot;, I felt like shouting. The  bridge is out, the air is clogged with ash and the heated snow is causing a  flash flood. There is also the acid lake, falling rocks and quick flowing  lava for the townspeople to worry about  while trying to outrun the main  threat; A Pyroclastic cloud, travelling hundreds of miles an hour, which  will scramble anyone's eggs, no matter how fast they can run.<br /><br />But  not to worry, Harry has a four-wheel drive and a good reason to impress  Rachel, so you just know everything is going to work out. It's true that  there are a few less than believable moments during the film but compared  to &quot;Volcano&quot;, Dante's Peak is straight out of the encyclopedia  Britannica. For those that are curious, all of the volcanic activity  featured in the film is realistic. But you would never see it all happen in  the one eruption. I guess you could say that Dante's Peak is the mother of  all volcanoes.air is clogged with ash and the heated snow is causing a  flash flood. There is also the acid lake, falling rocks and quick flowing  lava for the townspeople to worry about  while trying to outrun the main  threat; A Pyroclastic cloud, travelling hundreds of miles an hour, which  will scramble anyone's eggs, no matter how fast they can run.  <BR><BR>But  not to worry, Harry has a four-wheel drive and a good reason to impress  Rachel, so you just know everything is going to work out. It's true that  there are a few less than believable moments during the film but compared  to &quot;Volcano&quot;, Dante's Peak is straight out of the encyclopedia  Britannica. For those that are curious, all of the volcanic activity  featured in the film is realistic. But you would never see it all happen in  the one eruption. I guess you could say that Dante's Peak is the mother of  all volcanoes.
6304007523|5.0|Over 20 years later, this movie still stands as one of the best of the past century.  Stallone gave the perfpr,ance of his career and his loveable character will have you shadowboxing for days after watching this movie.   Not to be overlooked are the superb performances by Talia Shire, Burgess  Meredith and Carl Weathers.   There are no Rockys in the world of bxing  now.  Until one comes, stick to watching this movie.
079213690X|5.0|Mel Gibson has reached an acting pinnacle, at least so far, with Braveheart. It is an epic movie that is loosely based on historic events in Scotland. All the performances were great and the cinematography was superb. And what a story, so inspirational.<br />The film covers the life of William Wallace from the time he is a small boy, when his Father dies, to his own death. Set mostly in 13th Century Scotland, the story's backdrop is the Scot's struggle against the unjust rule of the English King, Longshanks. The film gradually grows in scope from a small boy's tragedy, to a National conflict spanning generations.<br />After the death of his Father at the hands of the English, William is raised by his uncle who, being a great believer in education, takes William across the world where he learns Latin, French and the manly arts of war. Eventually, he returns to his homeland, a fully mature man, ready to settle down with his childhood sweetheart and raise a family. The concerns of his countrymen over English rule take second place to his pursuit of the beautiful Murron.<br />Due to the half-hearted opposition of Murron's Father and the English noble's rights to take a bride on her wedding night, Wallace is married in secret. The honeymoon doesn't last long before their joy is shattered by the results of an English soldier's attempted rape of Murron. While Wallace is able to beat back the soldiers from his wife, she is captured as they flee in separate directions. The local Lord then decides to bring Wallace into the open by executing his woman in a particularly brutal scene. She is tied to an upright pole and her throat is cut.<br />So starts William Wallace's life long battle against the English to free the people of Scotland. This common man is able to successfully organize the villagers to overthrow the local fort and slaughter the magistrate responsible for the death of his wife. Then, with the help of an adjacent clan, Wallace goes on to tear down the local Lord's temporary castle, and allow one of the cuckolded husbands to take his revenge.<br />Meanwhile King Longshanks is distracted by his war with France and allows his week son an opportunity to prove himself by bringing Wallace to English justice. The Son's ineptness soon leads to full scale battle. A situation that requires the support of the Scottish Lords, an infighting self interested bunch of old men. On the occasion of the first major battle, Wallace is able to maneuver three Lords into helping while stealing the hearts of their levees. Through the use of some brilliant tactics he successfully defeats the English forces and his legend grows to new heights.<br />I won't describe the film much further as it is long and richly detailed. Wallace's successes continue often hampered by betrayal from the Scottish Lords and the treachery of the English King. He finds love again, loses many good friends and eventually finds peace at the hands of the English interrogators. But despite this, Braveheart has a hopeful tone at its end. It makes you feel proud and strong even if you don't have any Scottish heritage.temporary castle, and allow one of the cuckolded husbands to take his revenge.<br />Meanwhile King Longshanks is distracted by his war with France and allows his week son an opportunity to prove himself by bringing Wallace to English justice. The Son's ineptness soon leads to full scale battle. A situation that requires the support of the Scottish Lords, an infighting self interested bunch of old men. On the occasion of the first major battle, Wallace is able to maneuver three Lords into helping while stealing the hearts of their levees. Through the use of some brilliant tactics he successfully defeats the English forces and his legend grows to new heights.<br />I won't describe the film much further as it is long and richly detailed. Wallace's successes continue often hampered by betrayal from the Scottish Lords and the treachery of the English King. He finds love again, loses many good friends and eventually finds peace at the hands of the English interrogators. But despite this, Braveheart has a hopeful tone at its end. It makes you feel proud and strong even if you don't have any Scottish heritage.
0783230702|5.0|If you like movie this is the one you will definitely love. Plot, acting, and directing are just PERFECT. Only one thing I regret is that I got DTS (my first time) version. There are no extras (i.e. Comments and Making of  Movie) in DTS format. Buy DTS only if you are extremely sensitive to audio  and have excellent audio system.
6304765231|5.0|When Alex Proyas released &quot;The Crow&quot;, he picked his time well. The film was a modern Gothic style-fest, at the height of the Gothic movement. But it has so much more than style that it has captured a strong  following, loyal despite the years. This is, in no  small part, due to the  presence of Brandon Lee and of course his controversial death during  filming.<br /><br />Most people are aware that &quot;The Crow&quot; started  out as a Top Dollar comic, penned by James O'Barr. The brooding tale of a  murdered man, returned from the dead to right wrongs, was very popular. The  comic and the film spoke to a youthful generation, frustrated by a culture  which was ruled by apathetic adults seemingly blind to the unstoppable  decline of the world. How right it would feel to have the power and the  motivation to do something positive for the world. And if a few bad guys  get crushed beneath your boots in the process... so much the better.<br /><br />The comic was always depicted from a very personal angle. Eric  Draven's brutal quest, his torment and his compassion were always the  driving force  behind the tale. Choosing Brandon Lee to play this part was  a stroke of brilliance. He certainly had the look and the moves to carry it  off. But more importantly he had a screen presence that was almost magical.  His father had the same sort of charisma and if anything, Brandon actually  exuded more style. It would have been interesting to see what else he could  have done had he not been shot during filming.<br /><br />Although some of  the &quot;Bad Guys&quot; were a little over the top, the main protagonist,  interestingly named Top Dollar and played by Michael Wincott, was very  convincing. He and his half sister made a strangely relaxed but menacing  duo against which Eric Draven sets himself all unknowing. You see, when he  first returned from the grave, literally, his only thoughts were for  revenge against the men who had raped and murdered his betrothed. It is  only when his  mission is nearly complete that he learns their violent acts  have in fact been orchestrated by higher powers.<br /><br />On the sideline  we have two other characters. The detective, now sergeant Albrecht, that  investigated the initial murders has never quite let go of the case. This  is partly because he has to look out for a semi-orphaned girl called Sarah,  (Rachael Davis), who was previously cared for by Eric and his love. The cop  and the street urchin provide witnesses tot he events and in the end get  drawn directly into the conflict. In fact, Sarah is the only thing that  holds Eric back from resting in peace.<br /><br />Just when things seemed to  be over, the evil siblings make a bid for Eric's power as personified by a  crow which haunts his every move. They want the same invulnerability that  Eric has but even more Top Dollar want his own revenge on Eric for spoiling  his plans for devil's night mayhem. In the end, with his supernatural  protection stripped, it is just passion against passion. May the strongest  heart win.s  only when his  mission is nearly complete that he learns their violent acts  have in fact been orchestrated by higher powers.<br /><br />On the sideline  we have two other characters. The detective, now sergeant Albrecht, that  investigated the initial murders has never quite let go of the case. This  is partly because he has to look out for a semi-orphaned girl called Sarah,  (Rachael Davis), who was previously cared for by Eric and his love. The cop  and the street urchin provide witnesses tot he events and in the end get  drawn directly into the conflict. In fact, Sarah is the only thing that  holds Eric back from resting in peace.<br /><br />Just when things seemed to  be over, the evil siblings make a bid for Eric's power as personified by a  crow which haunts his every move. They want the same invulnerability that  Eric has but even more Top Dollar want his own revenge on Eric for spoiling  his plans for devil's night mayhem. In the end, with his supernatural  protection stripped, it is just passion against passion. May the strongest  heart win.
B000002HPV|5.0|OH MY GOD....this is the best cd in the whole universe! Okay, let me tell you why. First of all, Bjork is the best artist out there, and whatever she does is positively outstanding! This cd, &quot;Homogenic&quot; creates a  whole new world to look into. It combines pieces of electronica, rock, and  I like to think some punk. All of these songs could of been singles. There  is not one of them that isn't worth listening to again, and again. Bjork  just uses her brillant voice to twist her way into the hearts of millions.  All of her work is truely captivating. It's 2000, and it's still my  favorite cd. That's how good it is. I listened to &quot;Hunter&quot; and  &quot;Bachelorette&quot; non stop first. Then piled in songs like  &quot;Joga&quot; &quot;5 Years&quot; and &quot;Pluto.&quot; Then I listened  to &quot; All Neon Like&quot; (the lyrics to that are amazing) &quot;Alarm  Call&quot; &quot;Unravel&quot; and &quot;All Is Full Of Love.&quot; The  whole cd is worth every penny. Please, add this to your cd collection, you  won't be dissapointed. Don't be afraid of her music, she has uniquness, but  it shines well into her music. And she lets us feel how she feels, really  opens herself up. I just can't get enough of her.
0767802470|5.0|Any movie that is subtitled has to overcome a lot to get me totally involved in its plot. In the case of Germany's celebrated Submarine classic \\"Das Boot\\", I don't remember there being subtitles past the first  five minutes. What originally drew me to the film was J&uuml;rgen Prochnow. He's  such a great  actor and he really impressed me in \\"Dune\\" and  \\"The Seventh Sign\\". As usual, his portrayal of the German Navy  Captain is understated and yet impressively powerful.<br /><br />If you know  your modern history, you'll be familiar with the German Submarine Command's  service history, during the Second World War. In the early years these subs  caused havoc in the Atlantic Ocean and beyond, virtually bringing merchant  shipping to a standstill. Over time however, the Allies' newly commissioned  sub-hunter ships challenged the German's stealthy supremacy.  Disappointingly, those great \\"sub verses sub\\" duels rarely  happened during WWII.<br /><br />Das Boot's story takes place in 1941, and gone were the days when \\"wolf-packs\\" of U-Boats ruled the seas. German subs were hounded everywhere they went, resulting in a survival rate that drew sympathy even from the Luftwaffe.  Despite these desperate straits, the German high command continued to find  missions for the remaining sub crews. Naturally, the men making up these crews were a special breed, and as such, they drew a lot of attention from the civilian press around the world.<br /><br />In this case a newspaper correspondent called  Lieutenant Werner, has  joined the boat for the duration of its mission.  Events unfold from his point of view and so we can lose our misconceptions  and innocence along with Werner. He has no responsibilities on board and is  therefore under less stress that most, but at the same time he has nothing  to distract him from the pressure of each enemy attack and the many fathoms  of sea water over the sub.<br /><br />Holding it all together, under  terrifying conditions, is a single man. The captain is a scruffy, mildly  cynical, bastion of strength. He deals calmly with almost any situation,  drawing on a seemingly unlimited store of courage. He also uses this  courage in the face his 1st Lieutenant, a goose-stepping Nazi loyalist, who  disapproves of his captain's lack of respect for Hitler, the high command  and much else about Germany's military efforts.<br /><br />The film takes an  even darker turn when, during the middle of their tour, the captain  receives orders to commence a new mission; a mission which amounts to  suicide. They are asked to enter the Mediterranean Sea via the Gibraltar  Strait and make an attack on enemy shipping. The strait is very  narrow and  heavily monitored but the captain accepts his orders, devising a strategy  that gives them at least some hope.<br /><br />Not surprisingly, things go  bad from the start. I'm not going into a blow by blow description. Suffice  to say that every moment is chock full of dramatic tension and the  relationships within the crew become more obvious with every crisis. In the  end, the audience feels almost as exhausted as these brave men, which makes  the final scenes even more powerful.<br /><br />One warning for those that  want to see this absorbing movie. Do not watch the dubbed version. In some  versions, the voice acting is a joke and distracts form the story. Instead,  stick to the subtitles. Trust me, you're not going to notice them.cynical, bastion of strength. He deals calmly with almost any situation,  drawing on a seemingly unlimited store of courage. He also uses this  courage in the face his 1st Lieutenant, a goose-stepping Nazi loyalist, who  disapproves of his captain's lack of respect for Hitler, the high command  and much else about Germany's military efforts.      The film takes an  even darker turn when, during the middle of their tour, the captain  receives orders to commence a new mission; a mission which amounts to  suicide. They are asked to enter the Mediterranean Sea via the Gibraltar  Strait and make an attack on enemy shipping. The strait is very  narrow and  heavily monitored but the captain accepts his orders, devising a strategy  that gives them at least some hope.      Not surprisingly, things go  bad from the start. I'm not going into a blow by blow description. Suffice  to say that every moment is chock full of dramatic tension and the  relationships within the crew become more obvious with every crisis. In the  end, the audience feels almost as exhausted as these brave men, which makes  the final scenes even more powerful.      One warning for those that  want to see this absorbing movie. Do not watch the dubbed version. In some  versions, the voice acting is a joke and distracts form the story. Instead,  stick to the subtitles. Trust me, you're not going to notice them.
B00004SZWE|5.0|How do you spell genuis? S-T-E-V-I-E W-O-N-D-E-R!  There are absolutely no words to describe just how good this album is. When people call &quot;Songs In The Key Of Life&quot; a masterpiece, there is a reason! All of the songs are so beautiful, each one a color to a rainbow of emotions. All songs are  a beautfiul mix of REAL instruments, Stevie's incomparable voice and lyrics  that will knock you off your feet (pun intended). If a million reviewers  wrote a million words each on the beauty of this album, it still couldn't  capture it. That's why it must be bought and listened to and listened to  and listened to and listened to. This man is a genuis. He has the vision of  a million men. He uses his talent to the ulitmate fullest potential on this  album. This must be bought. I bought it at HMV for $33 and it is worth it.  It is GOLD. The only problem I have with it--I can't pick my favorite  song!  There are too many.
B00000I8UF|5.0|To be a fly on the wall of the Van Gelder Studio on October 30, 1958 would have been a chance to witness the recording of one of the great hard bop albums of the era. Art Blakey and his messengers produced something special here: the title track written by pianist Bobby Timmons simply grooves. The  rest of the songs (save for Come Rain or Shine) are written by the talented  tenor sax player Benny Golson. The best among these is Blues March which  fuses New Orleans marching band styles with blues improvisations and bop.  It isn't a straight boring tune, either: it moves unpredictably. Included  specially on this remastered version are an alternate take of Moanin' and a  warm-up and banter track. These are just gravy compared to the excellent  sound of the album itself. Certainly an essential Blakey CD.
B000000OPU|5.0|This is the only Peter Gabriel CD that I own, yet it still ranks as one of my all-time favorite albums. There are four very evocative songs here: Red Rain, Don't Give Up, In Your Eyes, and Mercy Street. Red Rain is beautiful  in its simplicity. Don't Give Up is the best ballad I know to listen to  when I'm depressed...Kate Bush sings like a stream of flowing gold. In Your  Eyes is simply an anthem of love and the guitar work on it is excellent.  Mercy Street's synthesizers are dark but beautiful. The rest of the songs  are very good to excellent, especially Sledgehammer and Big Time, which are  very popular.<br />The guitars on &quot;So&quot; are played by David Rhodes,  who played in a band called Random Hold...Rhodes is unquestionably talented  here, and doesn't get lost behind Gabriel's vocals and keyboards.
B000002JOF|4.0|I heard this while in a jet-lagged fog on a trip back from Portland to Washington, DC.  Vlad, my driver, popped the tape into the car radio as we splashed through the early morning Portland rain on the way to the airport  (perfect weather for this album).  Chris Rea (Vlad pronounced it  &quot;REE&quot;) managed to cut through my Starbucks-resistant fog and make  me wake up enough to ask Vlad for the tape box. What a voice.  What a  guitar!  I'll be filling a few more slots in my CD shelves, thanks to Vlad.  Incidently, Vlad said he discovered Chris while in a cab in New York.   Sounds like Rea's people should issue his tapes to mass transit offices  across the US.
B0000025T6|4.0|With this album bruce springsteen went back to basics. Gone was the e-street band and in its place its Bruce Springsteen and his guitar. the songs that he plays are equally bleak. Many of the characters he sings  about have no chance of redemption.The only problem i have with the album  is that it is so bleak. The whole album would be hopelessly bleak if it  wasn't for the last song.
B000002G0P|4.0|In the grandest tradition of Queen, (old) Kansas, maybe even ELP, Extreme comes out with a concept album that tops those for the decade.  Gary Cherone's lyrics are insightful and spiritual, definitely adding to the  superior quality of the whole experience.  Nuno Bettencourt's guitarwork  ranks right up there with the likes of Joe Satriani, etc. - SMOKIN'!   A  &quot;best of&quot; album has been released recently, but, in my opinion,  this is their BEST work!  If you're into Extreme, Cherone, or Bettencourt,  and do not yet have this CD, then GET it!
B00003CX5A|1.0|This film lived up to its name; Sleepy and Hollow.  This is a movie for teenagers with bad taste.  It's hard to believe anybody takes this film seriously.  Yes, visually it was pleasing but the characters were  one-dimensional and hyperbolic with few exceptions.  The suspense was  poorly paced.<br />Yes, the cinematography and costumes were very nice but  hardly a reason to endure the bordem.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is by far the best RATM cd. Evil Empire had weak spots, and Battle of Los Angeles was kind of repetitive. But this cd is perfection. Every song on here is great. Know Your Enemy, Wake Up and Bombtrack are my favorites  though.
B00000K31Q|3.0|This is a surprisingly smart and funny teenage comedy. The two leads can really act, a rare thing in recent teen comedies. Also smartly written with witty and entertaining dialogue. The story is surprisingly derivative of  Shakespeare, but is set to high-school life and they manage to pull it off.  While not a great film, it's funny, smart, entertaining and features good  performances. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 6!
B00000JZC4|5.0|This is absolutely a unique album to say the least.  Every song has a different feel to it.  &quot;Take a Picture&quot; and &quot;Miss Blue&quot; have a popsy Tonic-esque vibe, while &quot;The Best Things&quot; and  &quot;Cancer&quot; have a sort of NIN thing going, and &quot;Welcome to the  Fold&quot; could have been done by Powerman 5000.  If you want something  different to listen to, then this is your CD.
0312199066|5.0|The Last Man on the Moon is a great book that offers a great depiction of his three flights: Gemini 9 in 1965 with Tom Stafford, Apollo 10 in 1969 with Tom Stafford and John Young, and Apollo 17 in 1972 with Harrison  Schmitt and Ron Evans.  His narrative of the Gemini 9 mission is gripping,  and it is one of the closest calls in the history of spaceflight.  In May  1969 he traveled to lunar orbit and took the lunar module Snoopy down to  within a few miles of the lunar surface in the final dress rehersal for the  Apollo 11 moon landing.  Finally, Cernan and Schmitt became the last men to  walk on the moon to this date with the Apollo 17 flight in December 1972.   Cernan is candid in his description of his flights and other historical  missions such as Apollo 11 and Apollo 13, and offers some new information  about the famous flights.  He stays away from technical data, and devotes  his time to telling a throughly ingrossing account of his three flights and  the space race in general, with the feel of a story recalled among friends.   Some of the reviewers here have said that Cernan does not spend a lot of  time describing his moon landing, Apollo 17.  Well, Cernan tells about the  crew selection, training, the voyage outbound to the moon, and the three  excursions to the Valley of Taurus-Littrow in the last few chapters.  If  you want to get more information regarding the scientific data obtained  from Apollo 17, you should read &quot;Exploring the Moon&quot; or &quot;To  a Rocky Moon.&quot;  And in the last chapter, Cernan devotes a lot of time  to sentimental feelings about our future destiny in space and inspiring  young people in this country to take up the challenge.  Cernan has always  attempted to unite the passion of future space explorers.  When stepping  off the lunar surface on Apollo 17, he said this, &quot;As I step off the  Moon and Taurus-Littrow, I'd just like to say what I believe history will  record, that America's challenge of today will forge man's desiny for  tommorow.  Godspeed the crew of Apollo 17.&quot;  With that, he returned to  the lunar module Challenger with his crewmate, professional geologist  Harrison &quot;Jack&quot; Schmitt, and blasted off from Taurus-Littrow.   And we haven't returned to the moon since.
6305903182|5.0|This Is The ULTIMATE SCREAM MOVIE! Scream 3 Is Awesome! It's Awesome! Just Plain Great! Parker Posey Is Great! Neve Campbell Is Great! Courtney Cox and David Arquette Are Great! Jenny McCarthy Is Great! Kelly Rutherford Is  Great! Liev Scriber Is Great! Scott...well you get the point.
0800196767|5.0|Although not quite as faithful to the book as The Witches film was to the book of the same name, this is a very good adaptation indeed, capturing Dahl's vivid creations and dark, creepy imagination wonderfully.  Although  it is obvious that Dahl's work is not the only influence on the film, which  isn't a good thing, DeVito certainly did this adaptation with much gusto  and got to grips with Dahl well.  Mind you, the book is his and wife Rhea  Perlman's children's favourite book and, as he said so himself, they were  nagging the pair to do a good job.  <br />But what's more I can't find any  major flaws in any of the performances of the actors and the title role is  played by Mara Wilson who is good and very charming in pretty much  everything I've seen her in.  She comes into her own here and remains the  most likeable child actor in Hollywood.<br />And for anyone who saw Pam Ferris  play jovial, good-natured women in the British television series The  Darling Buds of May and Where The Heart Is is in for a treat as to the  versality she can do as the horrible Miss. Trunchball.<br />I still think it's  Rhea Perlman as Matilda's ghastly mother who steals the show,  though.<br />Good fun, good film, good review.
0064430227|5.0|I read this book when I borrowed it from the library in my elementary school. I am now 18, and still reminisce on my beloved journeys around the world in a hot air balloon with Harold. This is the book that I borrowed  for the first time, and then got it later again and again. It is one of the  first books that ever opened my mind up to the total loss of imagination to  all possibilities. Every time I read it I would think of many more  adventures Harold could have had with his mystical purple crayon. Even to  this day, I can think of no better book to give a child's imagination a  glimpse of what possibilities there are. It is easy reading for the  youngest of believers, but gives thought of what could be to even the  oldest readers. I personally was not a child who favored reading, but this  book was one of the few that I thoroughly enjoyed. It was one that I would  read in the library while the class was still in it, and then would bring  home for further enjoyment. I cannot recommend this book higher for any  child whose imagination can run wild.
B000003TA4|5.0|this is one of the greatest albums ever recorded
6305807086|4.0|I started out watching this movie expecting a great comedy, based on the reviews. However, that never happens. I found the characters too self-centered and shallow, causing them to be a distraction. The movie  never really flowed in my opinion.<br />So far this isn't a four-star rating,  right? Well, I enjoyed the concept of the movie. The thought of people  traveling into another person's mind and being them was refreshing  different.<br />The puppet scenes were great also (although not a lot of  them). <br />As for the DVD: The quality was good and the extras were nice. I  liked the in depth look at puppeteering.<br />All in all, I say rent this  movie before you buy it. Then make your decision.
B000002MUW|5.0|Never one to revert to type, Madonna's follow-up to the underrated Erotica does not venture near its style or vision.  This album moves from the harsh and brash nature of Erotica to a more paced,soul-soaked and funky  collection of trax which showcase a more relaxed Madonna.<br />What is most  striking about the album is its production and continuity.  Each song flows  into the other and delivers with a punch.<br />There are so many good trax  that it's hard to select one as the top.  I'd Rather Be Your Lover (with  guest rap by Meshell N'dgeocello) and Don't Stop roll into each other and  just drag you up to dance.  Fun, optimisitic and playful, these songs  capture the joie de vivre of Into The Groove and Can't Stop while  reflecting the musical trends of 94.  There is some intropspection there as  well as Madonna analyses love: of her late mother in Inside of Me, of  forbidden (lesbian?)love (Forbidden Love), and of a vulnerable girl afraid  to show her heart to the world (Love Tried To Welcome Me).<br />The Herbie  Hancock sampled Sanctuary is an ice-cool paradoxical enjoyment of an  original love (who needs the sun, when the rain's so full of life/who needs  the sky when the gound's open-side/it's here in your arms i want  you......you are my sanctuary).<br />Bedtime Story is Bjork through and  through, and does not work for Madonna, although the videoclip was one of  her finest, and the album's closer, the poetic, Take A Bow is a bow out of  a relationship, with a nursery rhyme melody and a voice and control of  harmonies which one was not expecting from Madonna.  The sheer success of  that song reflects how wonderful it is, and how Madonna in whatever she  turns to, is top of her class.
0790734834|5.0|I have seen LA Confidential and thought it was an absolutely brilliant movie. I am only 13 and really shouldn't have seen it but saw it anyway. I would like to strongly point out that Russell Crowe was actually born in  NEW ZEALAND not Australia as they like to claim he is an Australian!  I  am pleased to finally let people from all over the world know  that.<br />Thankyou and enjoy Russell Crowes new movie Gladiator and I  reccommmend watching LA Confidential
185984054X|4.0|Great book.  With a razor wit Chris Hitchens shows the dark side of the Mother Teresa phenomenon.  Instead being a savior of the downtrodden and dispossesed Mother Teresa comes off as advocate for the conservative branch  of the Catholic Church.  It also raises a question about the amount of  money her organization receives while her patients ( or victims in some  cases ) live in squalid conditions.  This book should be required reading  for anybody taken in by the Teresa for Sainthood bandwagon.
0380715430|4.0|Bryson is one of the most entertaining writers around.  His &quot;Lost Continent&quot; is one of the funniest books I've ever read, and I've liked everything he's written.  &quot;The Mother Tongue&quot; is less  sidesplitting than much of his work, but it makes up for that by the  endless anecdotes about English.<br />Not all his facts are straight, though;  see other reviews here for a list of some errors.  One among many: he  repeats the old and thoroughly discredited claim that the Eskimo language  has more words for snow than English does; fifty words.  In fact English  has many more words than Eskimo (Inuit), though the agglutinative nature of  the language means that it is hard to limit the word count in Eskimo.  The  claim is covered in detail in Geoffrey Pullum's &quot;The Great Eskimo  Vocabulary Hoax&quot;.<br />&quot;The Mother Tongue&quot; is structured as a  history of English.  However, reading it, what one remembers are the little  details.  When he talks about the rising call for spelling reform at the  end of the eighteenth century, he cites Noah Webster, lobbying Congress to  make bad spelling a punishable offense.  In the dicussion of Americanisms,  to  illustrate the inexplicable British hostility to American English, he  quotes the stylebook of the Times of London: &quot;'normalcy' should be  left to the Americans who coined it&quot;; in fact, 'normalcy' is a British  coinage.  These touches are what makes this book so good.  They add a  personal and amusing feel to material that is already fascinating.<br />Bryson  covers quite a few topics.  In addition to the chapters on spelling and  Americanisms, and several devoted primarily to history, there are chapters  on swearing, wordplay, pronunciation, word origins, names, usage and  dialects.  Each is full of colourful stories and is a pleasure to  read.<br />Highly recommended.  Just don't believe every single story.
B0000028M7|5.0|It was kind of shocking to read the Top Albums of the 90s compilations in both Rolling Stone and Spin, and not find this - or any other Alice in Chains album - on either list.  Although fans of the band have gotten  accustomed to their being treated as the red-headed stepchild of grunge and  metal, I think it speaks very poorly of the musical-critics' establishment  to have ignored this album.<br />A gut-twisting roller-coaster ride through  the world of heroin addiction, Dirt is dark, lyrical and extremely painful  to listen to.  Aside from being beautifully written and produced, it is  honest and direct - and this is no small feat.  Lyricists usually have  better luck expressing pain with metaphors and snippets than with head-on  admissions; and Layne Staley manages to state his world in plain language -  without ever giving up poetry.  I think music fans &quot;get it&quot; more  with Nirvana because Kurt Cobain's voice always sounded more like pain.   But this is the real thing, listen to it and see if it doesn't make you  squirm.  And to the band:  if the critics aren't giving you your due, I  hope you get to flip through the Amazon pages and read these reviews; they  ought to tell you you'll be around long after the critics.
B000002C1X|5.0|I was first introduced to Pink Floyd (although I had heard some things about them every now and then) when I heard about Dark Side of the Moon synching up with The Wizard of Oz. I was immediately interested, so I  bought Dark Side of the Moon, and since I already had Wizard of Oz, I tried  it out.      However, as soon as I started playing the CD, I didn't even  care about the synchs. The music blew me away. And that's how I started to  like Pink Floyd.<br />     Anyway, I started learning more about Pink Floyd  (I'm only a teenager, how am I supposed to know a lot about Pink Floyd?),  including The Wall. After hearing a lot about it, I rented the movie. I  loved both the movie and the music accompanying it. After that, I bought  the album.<br />     Let me tell you, this album is like no other. Like DSotM,  it just blew me away. From the opening chords of &quot;In the Flesh?&quot;  to the soft, mellow tune of &quot;Outside the Wall&quot;, I listened to  this album all the way through without even moving, except to change CDs  when the first disc was over. My favorite songs on this album are  Comfortably Numb, Part 1, 2, and 3 of Another Brick in the Wall, Happiest  Days of our Lives (I LOVE the ending of that song!), and The Trial. Of  course, every song is good.<br />     If you're not a Floyd fan yet, buy  DSotM, but after that, go for The Wall. I guarantee you'll like it.
0679745653|5.0|It's true, Audrey Hepburn and George Peppard are fabulous in the film. But the novel is a masterpiece. Capote writes an exquisite tale about the most endearing characters that I have ever met. Indeed, the novel reveals such a  deep complexity in Holly's character, that I stop seeing Hepburn in the  title role while reading the book. Instead, a new Holly emerged that is  much more than the beautiful party girl that we know and love from the  film. Her outward appearance of independence and vivaciousness conceals a  deeply confused person with a troubled past that she is determined to  defeat.<br />I must admit, I do prefer the Hollywood &quot;happily ever  after&quot; ending. Still, the novel left me hoping that Holly would  someday find that place that feels like home. A wonderful read that I  highly recommend.
B0000025KI|5.0|Ramrod. Cadillac Ranch.  Two Hearts.  Out in the Street.  Sherry Darling.  You Can Look.  The Ties That Bind.  Songs like these should always be heard with the volume turned all the way up and the furniture pushed up against  the wall so you can run, yell, jump up and down and go nuts.  Or out on the  highway where you can pay more attention to what's blasting out of the  speakers than to how fast you're going.  And if you ever get lucky enough  to see Springsteen and the E Street Band perform these songs in concert,  the way you listen to this album will never be the same.  Oh and did I  mention that there are slow songs on here, too?  100% well rounded,  unmatched rock n roll.  Enjoy.
B00004SVIK|5.0|Yes the Live CD is incredible, like meeting an old friend who looks great!  Saw Rogers solo tour this year and I must add this statement... ROGER WATERS WAS IS AND ALWAYS WILL BE PINK FLOYD!<br />Accept no imitations, even  if they did steal the name. Do not buy any Pink Floyd album recorded and  released after Rogers left. Its all just fluff in the Wall....
B00000I01A|5.0|Fantastic...the best....incredible.... ...over the top....amazing....a gift to all music fans whatever their style of music.... Buy it....you will never regret it....
0792833236|5.0|What Bobbie de Niro offers in this movie is something more than simple acting. I read somewhere that Scorsese wasn't so enthusiastic at the idea of making this movie ( maybe bacause at the time he was going through one  of the harshest moments of his life ) and one of the reasons that this  movie saw daylight was probably because de Niro wanted to make it at all  costs - and when you watch him playing La Motta you can understand why!  Very probably the man knew that this would prove to be one of the best  movies of the last twenty years and undoubtfully one of de Niro's strongest  performances : nothing short of Brando's one in &quot; In the Waterfront  &quot;.    To see how powerfull and merciless was La Motta in the ring and  how pathetic he was outside - I found it really touching! This was a man  who had to fight against himself more than against his opponents, a  restless heart, a macho, prisoner of his catholic upbringing and his bad  temper, but deep down inside a very good hearted man...&quot;which friends,  I don't have any friends...&quot;   The black and white, the links between  slow moving scenes and the normal fight ones, the creation of the  atmosphere of the fourties and the fifties - everything is quite perfect in  this masterpiece!    I really like Robert Redford's directing in  &quot;Ordinary people&quot;, but quite frankly the Academy Award should  have gone to Scorsese that year. And it would have been well deserved!
B000009QPE|5.0|This is  the first Slayer album I bought and it is awesome.Angel of death is the best metal song that has ever been done.Raining blood and altar of sacrifice are also excellent.Every song of this album is outstanding.This  is the type of album you can hear an hear and hear and you never get tired  of it.Maybe Slayers  music is not so brutal, gory and bloodfull as other  metal bands but it is the fastest and better done.The guitar riffs and  solos,drumming,vocals have no comparasion they are in another level.Slayer  is the best metal exponent and they show that the music is the most  important part of an album and not a bloody cover or gory songs or many  other things that low quality bands try to use to sell cds.This is the  best metal album ever done .If you like metal this is an album you must  have.
B000002N2P|5.0|This is one of the better Green Day albums. Not as good as Dookie/Nimrod, but a good one. My favorite song on this album is Brain Stew. This song is cool and was featured on the Godzilla soundtrack. This is a good buy for Green Day fans.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|when i walked out of the theatre after seeing Fight Club, i didn't know what to think about it; my mind was consumed by regressive, overwhelming thoughts...but as i started to understand exactly what was going on in my  head, i realized that this movie is one of the greatest movies i have ever  seen. if you don't think this is your kind of movie, you are WRONG!it's a  movie that everyone can watch: it's funny, violent, romantic (in a twisted  way), action packed. what more could anybody ask for?
0783235380|4.0|_Forces of Nature_ is an exploration into the nature of happiness.   It posits the somewhat controversial notion that personal truth can be discovered through infidelity, and that life's answers are to be found in  random acts of nature.   Some may well find these suppositions difficult to  swallow, and may discover nothing redeeming in the ultimate conclusions of  the piece.<br />I, however, found the film charming and plausible.  I very  much like the weather metaphors, and the fact that, for the brief time the  movie charts,  the characters seem to have no power over what's happening  to them.  It is that surrender to the uncontrollable which, in satisfying  irony, ultimately brings stability and genuine change to the characters'  lives.   The director amplifies the meaning of this metaphor through the  clever use of special effects in a way usually reserved to science fiction  films.  It's a very interesting technique to find in a romantic comedy.   Unfortunately, to speak specifically about it would be to give away the  ending,  Suffice it to say that it's a great example of how special effects  can be used to bring emotional impact to a film, not just to create worlds.   <br />If there is a fault to the film, it is that the chemistry between  Affleck and Bullock works so very well, that it is emotionally difficult to  understand why Affleck would find his bride-to-be, played by Maura Tierney,  worthy of marriage. It is as if the filmmakers would have us simply believe  that if Tierney and Affleck got to the point of a wedding, the relationship  must necessarily be a strong one.  Of course, we can accept that, but  somehow the strength of that relationship is never quite *shown*.   Without  a demonstration of the Tierney's attractive qualities, some of the film's  conclusions don't make emotional sense to us-even if they're perfectly  sensible.   <br />Still, the film is a great date movie, and may well have  special meaning to couples who met in random ways.Its well-crafted enough  that it could be on some people's `favorite romance' list, and I doubt many  would find it unenjoyable.  It's definitely one of the top 20 romantic  comedies I've seen.<br />(DVD notes: A somewhat bland collection of extra  features is made disappointing by uninteresting deleted scenes and  the  absence of director's commentary.  Luckily, the behind-the-scenes  featurette is worth a gander.)
0140288503|5.0|1. You want to know the Real Deal HEAT of Battle. 2. You want to understand the MEN of Special Operation. 3. You every, want to lead men in battle. 4. You're a politician, from dogcatcher up. 5. You just want to  read a well written Book<br />This book is a KEEPER, I'm getting a Hardback as  well!
B00000JZC4|5.0|I have listened to this album from beginning to end at least 500 times and never tire of it.  It should really be listened to as a whole work because each song leads into the next (at least through &quot;take a picture&quot;)  and finally ending with &quot;goodbye&quot; at the very end.   I am an  older &quot;rocker&quot; from Who to Led to Elvis C to Nirvana to Bush and  feel that this is one of the best rock albums ever - taken as a whole.  If  you too are a rocker, buy this album now and listen to it over and over  until you see what I mean.
B00004TDTO|5.0|I first watched this film as a 8 year old and the memory of the long closed down cinema is still fresh in my mind(I also remember trying to sleep that night imagining that the duvet was the sea with my head bobbing  above the water and my knees up to my chin so the great white wouldn't  attack my little toes!).The fact is that this is Speilbergs finest  moment.When I was a youngster the film terrorized, most noticeable when  Dreyfuss finds a shark tooth in the hull of the old fishermans boat and and  gets a rather unpleasant suprise!.Sticking with Dreyfuss his potrayal of  Hooper as the shark specialist is perfect,anybody in a job where they know  their work better than a bossy manager/supervisor will identify with him  immediately.This takes me to cheif Brody whose primary concern is staying  in control of the safety of his wife, children and inhabitants of the Long  Island beach town.Finaly Robet Shaw plays a blinder as the old sea dog  Quint who shares one of my favourite scenes(the scar contest)until he comes  to a sticky end.The fact is the direction story and acting are second to  none and bar a handful of movies over the last 25 years unrivalled.
0375707972|5.0|The Reader provides complicated issues for today's generation to think about. After World War II, many people stopped caring about what happened in the past because many people of today maintain affluent, happy lives,  and the issue of Nazis is nothing more than the past history. This book  talks about the gap between generations and what we must do with the  knowlege of history. Also, I had to feel bad for Hanna who could never lead  a happy life as a woman. She became a victum of her generation, and I can  understand why her will chooses death. The Reader is absolutely wonderful!
B000002LEE|4.0|I like Porno for Pyros. I love Jane's Addiction. Nothing can beat the pure adrenalin rush you get from listening to a jane's CD. Mountain Song has to be one of my all time favourite songs, its blistering pace and its rythmic  beauty in itself makes 'Nothing's Shocking'  a must have for any self  respecting music collection. The pace is slowed down for 'Jane Says' with  Farell's identifying beach sound, it always reminds me of long, summer  evenings (well I can dream...).  Standing in the Shower Thinking is pure  brilliance and I always get an irrisistable urge to dance when it is on.        Some people have argued that Ritual... is a better album but in my  opinion 'Nothing's Shocking' offers a more diverse range of songs and  therefore makes for more exciting listening.
0395645662|4.0|This is a pretty good book. Our class of 7SR just finished it. i think Lois Lowry should write a sequel, because the ending is like so NOT clear to me and probably isn't for a lot of other people who read this book. Did anybody else in the world, besides my class, find like 1,000 sameness's for  this book and &quot;I Am David&quot; by Anne Holm? well our class (of 7SR)  would like to know if Lois Lowry borrowed any i deas from that book.
B000003C2U|5.0|this album knocks my head off. This is my first death album, and this is everything i expected them to be. heavy and ripping. i also love the lyrical part. just a great cd. any metal fan without this should find shame  within themselves for not buying this masterpiece!
B00000IL67|5.0|       . ,             .
6305128952|4.0|If you have an MTV attention span, you are going to find this boring. But having come of age before MTV was invented, I was actually capable of becoming absorbed in this &quot;slow&quot; movie. It was a little  contrived, but is a good piece of work. And anyone who pukes at the idea of  a woman in her 30's falling for a man in his 60's, is probably about 14  years old herself. (And I'm in my 30's, just so you don't think I'm a man  in his 60's being defensive). Redford is as good a director as he is an  actor. If you want a good piece of story-telling, this movie is your  ticket.
B000007MVM|5.0|OK, I'll admit it, Syd Barrett is my hero. But, even if he wasn't, this music is still great. I love every song on this album. I can listen to it from start to finish. The music is absolutely wonderful and the lyrics are  phenominal! As for Mr. EuphoricPossum (who doesn't even spell genius  right), all I have to say is, Roger and Dave TOGETHER, couldn't have  written a better album than The Madcap Laughs. Criminy!  They couldn't have  even come close to the greatness exhibited in No Man's Land (one of the  album's weaker moments, albeit still a lyrically and musically impressive  track.) I'll GLADLY take this over anything Floyd did after the closing  lyrics of Jugband Blues!  It all turned to crap after A Saucerful of  Secrets. I recommend this, Piper at the Gates of Dawn, and A Saucerful of  Secrets very highly. Don't waste your time with anything from the Roger  Waters' &quot;oh look, I'm famous, pity me. War is bad too, by the  way&quot; era.
B0000035E7|4.0|This was the first Nirvana album I bought, and after I found the lyrics on WWW (I hardly understood one word), I liked it, especially &quot;Paper Cuts&quot; and &quot;About A Girl&quot; (if I started to play guitar, this  would be the first song I would like to play). What disturbs me are the  over-and-over-repetitions, for example in &quot;Swap Meet&quot; (three  repetitions of the whole song), &quot;Scoff&quot; or &quot;Negative  Creep&quot;.
0140149295|2.0|The 16th Round: From Number 1 Contender to #45472 is a book written by Rubin &quot;Hurricane&quot; Carter  from his former prison cell in Rahway State Prison, New Jersey circa 1973.  <br />The book gives a complete  accounting of Rubin's life from the time he was a young boy growing up in  New Jersey right up until the time he was  incarcerated in the tough New  Jersey penal system.  It gives a full background on how he got to be where  he was and the circumstances that put him there in his tainted and biased  view.<br />The book is well-written, but it of course has a slant to it that  professes nothing but innocence and injustice toward the author.  It's a  one-sided storytelling as seen through the eyes of an angry convict.   Everyone has heard the saying that all prisoners in jail profess that they  are innocent - well this book and Rubin Carter do nothing to dispel that  notion.<br />The book is an angry, dark, twisted tale written by a man with no  objectivity - and that's understandable.  Rubin Carter is today a man full  of love, compassion and understanding, but when this book was written he  was a man full of hate, venom and indignation.  <br />Sometimes the book is a  chore to read as Carter forces the reader to walk with him down his path of  blameless righteousness.  One gets the feeling that Carter feels everyone  else in the world, the &quot;pigs&quot;(cops), &quot;crackers&quot;(white  people), and the establishment (everyone else in the world) is wrong and he  is right.<br />After one is through with this book they still don't have any  idea who really did commit the murders or why.  The problem with the book  is that it reaches no definite conclusions and all one really gets is 16  Chapters of Carter's self serving, four-letter racial rants about how he  was done wrong and why he should be free.<br />I make no conclusions here  regarding Carter's guilt or his innocence, mainly because the book doesn't  help the reader at arriving at any conclusioneither.  Carter can't decide  who to point the finger of blame at in the book so what he does is point  the finger of blame at everyone and anything that he can for his own  predicament.  There is nothing in the book that will make the reader come  away and say - &quot;Oh, he's innocent, let him free!&quot;.<br />The book is  dark and it's angry.  I am a boxing historian who loves the sport and I  enjoy today's version of the Ghandi-like Rubin Carter. I thought the movie  starring Denzell Washington was very well done.  However, by the time I was  done reading this sad tale of &quot;woe is me&quot; by a man who only makes  excuses and offers no solutions for his actions, I felt like I was holed up  in that prison cell with him.
B000009RC2|5.0|There was no band that ever could compare with the Mahavishnu Orchestra. My very special favourite is &quot;Dance Of Maya&quot; with its queer rhythms and the exceptional drumming of Billy Cobham that suddenly develops  to something like an Austrian folk dance. &quot;A Lotus On Irish  Streams&quot; shows that the group can not only play with electrics but  also create something like this very quiet piece only with piano, acoustic  guitar and violin. But all the pieces on this album are remarkable.
B000005QH3|5.0|First of all the car is a 1970 Challenger R/T 426 Hemi with a pistol grip 4-speed.Second the car that was destroyed was a 67 or 68 Chevy Camaro and not a Mopar(They not that stupid! ).If you look carefully you will notice  the vent window on the door and also notice the rear quarter panel. I  beleive that this is one of the best mopar movies ever.From the sound of  the assume 426 Hemi to the shots of a true pistol grip in action. All in  all this is and always will be my personal favorite.
B00000DGSN|5.0|This album with 10 songs from concerts in Osaka and Tokyo show that Deep Purple was a group that not only could WRITE excellent songs, but also improvised more than most other bands (see the about twenty-minutes version  of &quot;Space Truckin'&quot;). My favourites are &quot;The Mule&quot; with  Ian Paice's drumming and &quot;Lazy&quot; with Ian Gillan playing mouth  organ.
B000002NHN|5.0|not too unlike her other albums. this one is hauntingly beautiful and calming for the spirit. I especially like to play it at night so my children can relax to fall asleep and so I can unwind.My favourite is  Dante's Prayer.
B00000DGXN|4.0|I expected a lot of this album because of the names on the cover, and I have not really been disappointed. I liked especially Roy Haynes' drumming (he was 71 years old when he made this record!), but also Gary Burtons  vibraphone playing. Nevertheless, I can't call it an outstanding album.
B00003CWL5|5.0|It's a well-explored format:  Man has mid-life crisis and his world goes awry.  Son fights for the love of his father.  We've all seen it before... but Sam Mendes, Alan Ball, and the legend-bound cast of American Beauty  have so perfectly captured the purely human side of life, one must step  back and give this masterpiece its due credit.  The direction was  gorgeously innovative, the acting was chill-inducing and the writing  could've only been inspired by a muse.  Alan Ball's version of suburbian  crises and life as many live it was thought-provoking and hauntingly  recognizable.  I must insert a thought about the incomparable Kevin Spacey:   The man's simply a genius - both inspiring and mind-blowing.  Kevin, if  you're reading this, thank you for raising the bar... from one actor to  another.
B000002AGE|3.0|This is one of those albums with some good tunes, but they grow boring after some time. There's not enough improvisation on it. Wayne Shorter should have done more. Zawinul lays out red carpets of synthesizer sounds,  but nobody walks along on them, only some ants or other bugs.
068485743X|5.0|If you're looking for a book about how to write, you might start with The First Five Pages. I loved this book. In fact, I couldn't put it down; something one would normally expect with a work of fiction. I particularly  enjoyed the passages Lukeman used to illustrate points of bad writing  followed by examples of selected masters to show great writing.  Illuminating. The section on dialogue made me realize that I had been  taught to write badly in school.<br />This is a kind of book that all writers  (and readers) should have. It doesn't preach, it doesn't pompously expound,  rather it advises, analyzes and helps the writer get more invovled in the  process of writing. I will never read fiction in quite the same way again.
0898159156|5.0|I've long been interested in carnivorous plants, and have managed to collect a number of books on the subject over the years.  This book, without a doubt, is the very best on the subject I've ever read!  It is  written in an easy to understand, matter-of-factly way, gives easy to  follow instructions on how to grows these amazing plants, and is  beautifully illustarted with numerous photos. If you buy only one book on  the subject make this the one.
0783240503|1.0|Don't get me wrong, I've thoroughly enjoyed the music from Joseph for years and the several college-level productions I've attended.  I had such high hopes for the video and couldn't wait for its release.  I was sure it  would be a video to watch over and over as I do other videos of Lloyd  Weber's music.  Sad to say, one viewing was plenty for me.  The music was  as good as ever but the sets and the staging were terrible, and the  costumes far too risque for a play aimed at a younger audience.  I was  unsettled by, and uncomfortable watching, sets designed to look like  children made them with costume design obviously aimed at a very adult and  mature audience.  All in all, I thought it was a very amateurish production  from a company who I know is capable of doing better work than this.
0679731377|4.0|First off let me say that I've only read one other of Barnes' novels (Flaubert's Parrot, which I enjoyed) so I can't really say I'm in a position to really assess what it is Barnes is up to here. I agree with a  lot of what Jeffrey R and Michael Mishak had to say in their reviews. I  thought they were both extremely inciteful readings.  The thing that I  found most interesting about this work, I also found the most irritating.  This is what is referred to usually as the narrator's point-of-view, the  subjective voice. As mentioned in another review, the narration shifts  between first and third person primarily.  Many of the readers who wrote  Amazon articles expressed delight in the first two chapters, dealing with  Noah's Ark and the ship hijacking. I thought these were the weakest  chapters and almost quit reading the rest of the novel. The wormwood  narrator's sophomoric humor struck me as second-rate Thurber material. Only  in hindsight do I realize that this is probably about how Barnes probably  wanted the narrative to sound. After all, how far removed from a cartoon  figure is a talking woodworm? Are we supposed to buy into the concept that  woodworms are sentient beings, capable of delivering a revisionist account  of biblical history? Well, two chapters later, we read that they were put  on trial in late-Rennaissance France for crimes against the church. So  apparently some goofy provincial prosecutor had a pretty firm conviction  that woodworms are not only sentient, but diabolically cunning as well. So  if woodworms can be put on trial for their pernicious schemes, why not  narrate a chapter in a modern novel?  The second chapter chafed me as  well. It struck me initially as a weakly-written rehashing of the Achille  Lauro incident. But again, in retrospect I realize that Barnes is giving  each narrator a different degree of authorial skill. Each has a  distinctive, if sometimes annoying, voice. This chapter is told from the  point-of-view of a tv tour-guide. The transformation from pompous,  self-inflated wag to altruistic, self-effacing hero is thus subtly , but  skillfully presented.  As has also been pointed out in other reviews,  there is an ebb and flow to this novel, which reflects the ebb and flow of  history. History is not all about great events. This novel is not all about  great writing. Not all readers are going to take away the same things from  this book. Some, obviously, are dazzled by it, declaring Barnes a literary  genius. Others see it as an incoherent mish-mash of short stories  pretending to be a novel. But Barnes may be saying, isn't this how we view  history? Some want to focus on Columbus' marvellous courage in the face of  adversity, some want to dwell on his appalling treatment of native peoples.  I can't honestly say that I enjoyed every minute of this book. But I  don't think Barnes' aim was enjoyment on the part of the reader. Reading,  like love, should involve some degree of pain. It's not feeling good at any  cost that makes life worth living. Which is precisely the concept that the  narrator of the last chapter comes to understand. We don't really want  blessings. We want mixed blessings.our-guide. The transformation from pompous,  self-inflated wag to altruistic, self-effacing hero is thus subtly , but  skillfully presented.   As has also been pointed out in other reviews,  there is an ebb and flow to this novel, which reflects the ebb and flow of  history. History is not all about great events. This novel is not all about  great writing. Not all readers are going to take away the same things from  this book. Some, obviously, are dazzled by it, declaring Barnes a literary  genius. Others see it as an incoherent mish-mash of short stories  pretending to be a novel. But Barnes may be saying, isn't this how we view  history? Some want to focus on Columbus' marvellous courage in the face of  adversity, some want to dwell on his appalling treatment of native peoples.     I can't honestly say that I enjoyed every minute of this book. But I  don't think Barnes' aim was enjoyment on the part of the reader. Reading,  like love, should involve some degree of pain. It's not feeling good at any  cost that makes life worth living. Which is precisely the concept that the  narrator of the last chapter comes to understand. We don't really want  blessings. We want mixed blessings.
6300181456|5.0|I love this movie.  I've seen it many times and I recently purchased it.  The music is wonderful and the story is really unique.  There are some points when Julie Andrews actually &quot;talks&quot; to the audience which  really made my kids laugh!  The dancing in the elevator always gets me  going...  It's just a great movie.  Buy it and enjoy!
B00000K3UR|5.0|I really really love Adam Sandler; I've seen all his movies and memorized all the lines. This movie shows all of his greatest qualaties; his cuteness, sense of humor, and his ability to portray all different kinds of  charecters and still be able to be cute!
B00003CWOL|3.0|Kevin Smith is a really great director but he falls short in this flick.  If you're a big Smith fan like I am then you'll be ok.  The cast is good and the jokes are worth a few laughs.  The original film was three hours plus which was cut down yet the film still seems a bit long.  Smith seems  reluctant to make the film serious or into an all out comedy.  If you have  to have it wait [until] the deluxe version DVD comes out since  this version doesn't have much of anything.
0679746048|5.0|When I first saw the preview for the movie, it seemed interesting, but nothing in the story really jumped out at me as anything special. But a few weeks later, when I needed a good book to read, a friend told me that the  movie was actually based on the book &quot;Girl, Interrupted&quot; by  Susanna Kaysen. I decided to give the book a try, so I picked it up, and it  wasn't until I read the back cover that something special jumped out at me:  this was a true story; a glimpse into Ms. Kaysen's life. This immediately  drew me toward the book, and once I opened it and started reading, it was  hard to stop. The story is very suspenseful and interesting, and at the end  of each chapter it leaves you wanting to know what will happen next. In the  novel, Susanna vividly decribes her experiences while enrolled in the  treatment program at the McLean Mental Hospital. As and eighteen-year-old  girl just starting to grow up and to contemplate life for the first time,  she finds herself quickly diagnosed with a mental condition and thrown in  an institution. Her experiences there are unlike anything I had ever seen,  heard, or read about. The people she meets and the conditions they have are  astounding, and it is amazing to think about all that they have been  through. Susanna is a bright girl and is very contentious of her  surroundings, her condition, the people around her, and what is happening  to her. It is interesting to see her deal with her peers in the hospital,  and it is extremely moving to observe the bonds they establish, as  sufferers of the same cause. I highly recommend this book, as it takes you  along on the journey of a young woman forced to conform to what others  think of her. As you read this, you may think about the question: Is  Susanna really insane?
B00001WRM2|5.0|Wu-tang came out with a wonderful double CD in 97' . Their was a number of hit list songs on it that weren't  even seen on Much Music or any countdowns.
6305807086|5.0|This movie manages to be both smart and hilarious at the same time, with an extremely inventive premise and excellent acting. Katherine Keener should have received best supporting actress for this film, and the script  should have won best screenplay. The plot expands upon the commonplace idea  of &quot;wanting to be someone else,&quot; as the characters chance upon a  strange portal in a strange office building, a portal that lets them enter  the mind of dramatic actor John Malkovich.<br />Malkovich is excellent as a  slightly skewed version of himself, and he is most impressive when he  begins to imitate John Cusack late in the play, even performing the strange  dance that opens the movie. <br />If you don't mind strange movies and bizarre  plot twists, and if you like witty comedy, this movie is for you.
B00002DEQQ|5.0|I went to Italy in March of 2000, and became familiar with the Tom Jones &quot;Reload&quot; CD. It was playing in every bar and night spot, especially in Venice. I couldn't find it in stores when I came back to  Dallas-and ordered it on Amazon. This CD is hot, it has style and even  though I thought Tom Jones was dead-I dig it!
B00003CWOL|5.0|I bought this movie sight unseen, something which previously, I have never done.  Why?  Well, I'd seen Clerks and Mallrats and was only marginally impressed with them (sorry to those of you who are huge Kevin Smith fans).   I've never seen Chasing Amy.  I didn't really buy it for the actors (tho  Kevin rounded up most of the greats, and Jay and Silent Bob ROCK).  No, I  bought this movie, sight unseen, because, being a &quot;born again  heathen,&quot; I wanted to see a movie that made fun of religion.<br />Ho-ho!   No one bite off my head, because you're right.  This movie DOESN'T make fun  of religion, nor does it bash it or trash it.  It just takes religion off  it's infallible holy-holy pedestal and analyzes it critically--something  that no faith I've ever been exposed to has ever done.<br />Though the movie  assumes that there was a God and a Jesus (effectively nixing the validity  of other faiths who celebrate other deities) as well as all the saints and  angels and all of that, there are several moments where they ask questions  some might deem silly or *gasp* blasphemous.  Please, if a belief system  can't stand up to a few tough questions, maybe it's not worth believing in.   The characters take turns knocking religion apart and then reconstructing  it in a way that just kinda makes you say, &quot;Hey, yeah!&quot;<br />Now,  I'm not Catholic and never will be.  As far as God and Jesus are  concerned--maybe it really happened that way and maybe it didn't.  I'm not  going to argue that point.  But as far as the philosphical points that were  made in the course of this movie, I was constantly nodding my head in  agreement.  You don't HAVE to be holier than thou to be a good person.  You  don't HAVE to go to church to prove you have faith.  Ideas are better than  beliefs, because ideas evolve better than dogmatic rhetoric.  Many of the  key points in this movie should make ALL people, regardless of race,  religion, or cultural background, nod in agreement.<br />Oh, and in response  to someone who was disappointed about some scene that ran ten minutes long  and was bored by that.  Try putting your stopwatch away and actually ENJOY  the movie you're watching.  If you don't enjoy it, turn it off, but don't  gripe.  I was loving this movie so thoroughly, I didn't bother looking at a  clock--who needed to?  Apart from stopwatch guy and all those people taking  notes only about things which seemed questionable so they could whine about  what a horrible, religion bashing movie Dogma is.  Give me a break!<br />I  loved this movie so much, I'm thinking about giving some of those other  movies another watch.<br />I **highly** recommend this movie to one and all  who come with an open mind and are mature enough to consider things you  were never taught.  All you closed-minded, immature people... stay at home  and play with your stopwatches.
B000002L68|5.0|This cd is very touching and a personal cd.  I really enjoy listening to it.  When listening to a couple of songs it is hard not to get emotional. I really think this is one the best cd of all times.
B000002UDB|3.0|While this collection is indeed better than the movie, between good tracks it meanders and wastes our time similarly.  The title track is fun and catchy, but simplistic.  &quot;Fool On the Hill&quot; ranks as one of  McCartney's best of his entire career, which would be from 1962 to 1970.   &quot;Flying&quot;, again, features a nice sing-along section, but little  else.  &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; is a hard track to critique, since it's not  directly about anything and is musically sparse, but its evocativeness  renders it effective.  There's a McCartney track after that which is one of  his worst.  &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot; is bullshit but really wonderful.   Another poor McCartney tune follows, suitable only for drives to a picnic,  which is fine, but music should have a little more substance than that;  Lennon's walrus track is about nothing but the music and lyrical  inventiveness are tremendous; not so with this Macca tune.  Of course  there's the original double-A side smash, &quot;Penny Lane/Strawberry  Fields Forever&quot;, which truly fulfills my above stipulations for  quote-unquote good music.  The final two tracks are, again, sing-alongs  that are arranged very cleverly; that's something.
B000003CKH|5.0|This album is an excellent piece of work. Cake has such an interesting style that makes their music unusually enjoyable. How many bands that receive ANY airplay have a trumpet as a regular instrument in their music?  The lyrics are all a bit strange, but are fairly humorous. All of the music  itself isn't mindblowing, but it's somewhat catchy, and is by no means bad.  My personal favorite tracks are &quot;Nugget&quot;, &quot;Frank  Sinatra&quot;, and &quot;The Distance.&quot;
0767805712|5.0|This movie was amazing.  It is by far the best movie I have seen in a long time.  The acting was excellent.  The plot was very intriguing.  The best part was the moral.  Human spirit triumphs again.  The movie doesn't have  to be about genetics, all though that does add some incredibly interesting  ideas. The main idea is that the physical limitations we face are about 1  percent of all of our limitations.  The rest are mental.  People didn't  even see his face.  All people ever saw was his chart.  They didn't care  how hard he worked.  They looked for the things that were simple to  categorize and discriminate against.  The real dilema in life is just that.   Racism, facism, and favoritism are all a part of this.  People look for  the easiest way to deal with each other.   If they can find a reason not to  deal with each other they will use it.  Vincent rejected the worst kind of  discrimination - the kind in which people hardly even recognize one's  existence.  He refused to be nobody.  His physical limitations may well  have caused an early death.  That was not the point of the movie.  Vincent  proved that everyone has a right to enjoy life to the best of his or her  abilities.  People can pick at this movie all they want, but I have never  seen a movie that so fully captures the indominable nature of the human  spirit as does this.
B00001ZULV|5.0|Phil Collins has the best male voice for solo, duets or with a band. 90% of these tunes are hits when released. You can't go wrong with Phil Collins.
B00004T0P1|5.0|Extremely good all around score.  Actually, this is the best i've heard from Howard in a long while, surpassing The Sixth Sense and The Cider House Rules.  If you have liked Zimmer/Mancina's scores for Lion King and Tarzan,  I'm sure you'll like this one as well.  Not quite up there with Horner's  Land Before Time, but how many scores actually have come close to the  quality of that?  A mere few.  Anyway, do yourself a favor and go pick this  one up, you won't regret it.
B00004SZWE|5.0|Just about everyone agrees that &quot;Songs&quot; is one of the best albums ever recorded, a pinnacle that not even Stevie Wonder himself has been able to surpass.  As just one testament to the genius of this  recording, much of the album's music sounds as fresh and vibrant today as  it did 24 years ago.<br />What a thrill then to rediscover &quot;Songs&quot;  on this remastered edition.  Truth to tell, the previous remastered CDs of  Wonder's &quot;classic&quot; albums were good but not especially  mind-boggling.  Not so with this release.  For the first time, a  side-by-side comparison of old &amp; new versions elicited an &quot;Oh, my  God!&quot; response from me.  The difference is simply amazing.  Gone is  the &quot;pinched&quot; sound of the long-standing CD set; in its place is  a spacious aural setting.  There's something to be discovered in every song  now that the remastered version allows you to hear everything that was  (literally) buried in the old version.  It really is that good.  And as a  nice bit of attention to detail, the four cuts originally found on the  &quot;A Something's Extra Bonus&quot; EP have been sequenced at the end of  Disc 2 (instead of being split up onto both discs, as happened in the  original CD).<br />Motown should hang its head that it took so long to  remaster Wonder's works.  The company should also feel a tad guilty for  charging a premium price for what is essentially a catalog title.  But I  have to say that this remastered edition is honestly worth every penny.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|I was fortunate enough to see Jimi Hendrix in concert.  He played all of the songs on this CD, which were great then and are STILL great in 2000.  I highly recommend this one for anyone who &quot;remembers&quot; those days,  the rock music, growing up, fast muscle cars, and mini skirts.  Those were  the days!  Jimi was about 30 years before his time.  Many disliked him  because of their reasons, but I admired him for his talent.  These songs  say much for our generation.  Thank you for listening to my rant!
0780624890|5.0|I've seen this movie atleast 200 times and I have only watched one other movie that many times and that's The Matrix! This movie is perfect in every way! Snipes is the MAN!
6305752672|5.0|Halloween Havoc is, without a doubt, the best event of WCW's calendar year.  They always try to make Starrcade #1, but havoc always takes the cake.  1999 was no exception.<br />This was the first PPV show I ever ordered,  so i was excited as it came on the air, and the opening bell sounded.  First I was treated to Disco Inferno vs. Lash LeRoux for an excellent  opening bout.  From there I saw many entertaining matches as well as Dean  malenko turning on Chris Benoit.<br />The real excitement came towards the end  when we saw the Flair/DDP strap match, the Hogan/Vicious brawl, and finally  Sting vs. a Mystery opponent!<br />The event was far superior to any other WCW  event I have seen.  The strap match is unbelieveable, as is the  unpredictable ending.<br />Definitely worth renting.  If you've seen it, make  the judgment on wether or not to buy it.
B000002OVJ|5.0|The original record is rated as one of the best live albums of all time. Now, when I was reading a finnish (as I am, also) rock-magazine, the reviewer complained that the rest of the tracks were very bad, destroying  thhe true greatness of the recording. But when I bought this album, I found  out, that the rest of the tracks aren't really bad at all. Sure, the  ridiculous details of the rock-opera &quot;A Quick One, While He's  Away&quot; ore some such parts may seem quite odd to die-hard rock-lovers,  but the idea here is to offer the the experience of the whole gig. That's  why this still is os great. Of course, the best tracks are the same that  were on the uriginal, but anyway... Just listen to the version of &quot;My  Generation&quot; and prepare for a surprise!
B00002E233|4.0|Well, what else is there to say? This movie is made with that extra something. Harlin really knows how to make movies, that's for sure..
B000001Y2U|5.0|Firstly i would like to address all the negative vibes people are saying bout this cd, i had this cd for over 2 years and its probally my most listened to cd, next would be mechanical animals. Anyway for me this cd is  absolutely great, its the only cd i can listen to from start to finesh  without skipping tracks, in other words every song on this album rocks. And  for those of u who say beautiful people is the only good song on this cd  i'll have you all know that beautiful people is probally my least listened  to track on this cd, showing how great this cd is. Manson is  indeed one of  the greatest composers of music nowadays along with trent reznor....and i  cant wait for his new cd to come out.
B000000OY9|1.0|Of all the stylistic detours Neil Young took during the 1980s, new wave synthesizer guru was probably the least likely to work.  It might have helped, however, if he had brought some better songs to the occasion.  Simply put, there is not a memorable tune on the whole album.  The  synthesizers in the background become particularly grating after a while.  Give Young credit for never rejecting a musical idea.  But skip this  ill-fated project.
0800141601|5.0|Yo, fellow yeopeople.  (Must be PC, don't you know!)  To sword, to lance, to horse, to buy.  Ayup, add this to your collection of SB's.  Well worth the placing on your shelves and watching any old time.  If for no other  reason than to fill out your Sean Conner collection.  Do it, buy it.  If  you don't like it, give it to your library.  They can always use good  stuff.   But, be good to yourself and get it.....cheers
B000000OQ5|5.0|If I could only keep 10 albums and I had to sell all of the others, this one would be on my 10 keepers. This debut album from Tesla is dynamite! While Modern Day Cowboy, Gettin' Better and Little Suzi got the most  airplay in the late 80's, the rockers EZ Come EZ Go, Cumin' Atcha Live, 2  Late 4 Love and Rock Me to the Top can melt your eardrums and your  speakers. The two lighter but very good tunes are Changes and Love Me. The  other songs on the album are also respectable.<br />Jeff Keith has a good,  raspy vocal delivery that he practiced while driving cement mixers. It's  easy to identify Tesla's work by his singing. Great guitar work by Frank  Hannon is another of Tesla's signature trademarks. While the Great Radio  Controversy and The Best of Tesla are both albums worth acquiring, this is  by far their best effort.
0425170349|5.0|I have always loved Tom Clancy's writing but 'Rainbow Six' was absouletly brilliant! I didn't want it to end! Since finishing it, I have not been able to find anything else that satisfying? Can anyone recommend anything?
6305181810|4.0|I'm going to start by admitting that I'm not a very big fan of dramas. Generally. This movie, however, rises above the rest. It's well written, well acted and well worth owning. Get it today!
078322737X|5.0|Let's assume that since you're reading this, you already love the movie, and you're wondering whether to buy the DVD.  I bought it because I love the movie, but was expecting the documentary to be only 10 minutes (which  is what it is on the VHS version).  Just so you know, the documentary on  the DVD is not an anemic little 10 minute infomercial like the one on the  VHS tape.  Imagine my delight when it kept going for 75 minutes!  It is a  very insightful documentary by Laurent Bouzereau.  Unfortunately, on the  back cover of the DVD case they don't give any specs which might help you  realize that the documentary is different than the one on the VHS tape  (that's why I'm giving you the heads up).  That's my two cents: a great  movie, and an excellent supplemental documentary. This disc is a great  bargain (albeit poorly marketed).  Have fun!
B000023X9W|5.0|Its 1972 all over again; at least it is while you're listening to the mellow &quot;Silver &amp; Gold.&quot;  The most frustrating thing about Neil Young--his songwriting inconsistency--is not evident here.  This is a  batch of ten uniformly excellent songs.  Young uses his expressive falsetto  voice to better effect than he has in years.  He also performs the trick of  writing great love songs with an absolute minimum of schmaltz.  This is  easilly Young's best album since &quot;Ragged Glory.&quot;
0679720200|4.0|This is the story of an &quot;average&quot; man who gets swept up into rather unfortunate circumstances.  He kills a man in self defense, but is charged with pre-meditated murder.  Camus uses this discomforting tale to  explore the framework of 20th century existentialism.<br />No doubt this is a  post-modern work.  The extraordinary degree of apathy demonstrated by the  persona is something that reminds me of the blandness of the characters in  Earnest Hemingway's &quot;The Sun Also Rises.&quot;  Nothing means anything  to him.  Not life.  Not marriage.  Not the death of his mother, and not his  own execution.<br />Reading this book, one becomes transfixed with the  horrible plight of this miserable man.  We sympathize with the absurdity of  it even as we shake our heads at his deplorable character and lack of  judgment.<br />This novel is terse, but it is powerful.  The power is not lost  in its brevity, but rather focused in it.  I would recommend that it be  read alongside the short story &quot;The Wall&quot; by John Paul Sartre.  Both are what I would call trademark works of existentialism.
6305364613|3.0|Baz Luhrmann's ROMEO &amp; JULIET is the kind of cultural monstrosity that Hollywood delivers every two or three years. Take a book or a play that everybody has once in his lifetime heard of but hardly has had the time to  read like William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, choose a musical score  that fits the versatile inclination of the 15-18 years old audience (since  they are the only ones left who go to the movies, they have a huge economic  power !), cast a handful of young actors the public can identify with and  shake a lot !<br />In ROMEO &amp; JULIET's case, the cocktail isn't so  digestible. The emotion that lies in the Shakespearian text is annihilated  by the hysteric editing and the Broadway-like gesticulation of the young  cast. So throw away your handkerchiefs and be ready for a so-so parody of  one of the most beautiful text of english literature. In this peculiar  example, images have killed the words.<br />If you really want to discover how  to adapt with success the old William nowadays, take a look at director  Abel Ferrara's CHINA GIRL, you won't regret it.<br />Di Caprio is not credible  in Romeo's role and, once or twice, image stays still during one second or  so.<br />A &quot;buy the book&quot; DVD.
B000000W5B|5.0|This is not the greatest &quot;Stones&quot; album, I don't think Keith was there for most of it, but it is an emotional masterpiece. Some of Mick's most passionate lyrics and vocals are here - Winter(My all time favourite  Stones song) Angie (love it or hate it). Even the comic Dancing with Mr D  has it's vocal moments. Mick Taylor lifted some of the ordinary tracks with  his brilliant work - 100 Years Ago, Silver Train and Hide Your Love. It all  came together in Winter, listen to Taylor's solo in this one! In fact this  is more like a solo album from Mick Jagger with Mick Taylor doing most of  the guitar work. The exception, Coming Down Again is Keith's best ever  vocal performance and it too is packed full of emotion. This album won't  appeal to die hard Stones Blues/Rock fans. It does take time to grow on you  and is well worth the effort. It was a bold attempt at something new and is  probably the last of the great Albums they produced. After this there were  great tracks but not albums. This was my most played Stones album of the  70's and I still enjoy it today.   Bryan
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is a great cd.  If you are just starting to like metallica this should be the first cd you should buy!   It has all of their top hits on this cd like FUEL, ENTER SANDMAN, UNTIL IT SLEEPS,MASTER OF PUPPETS!  So  this is a must cd for every Metallica fan and every Metallica beginer!
B00002DEIX|5.0|I cannot imagine a more graceful blending of two often contradictory trends, a spirit of improvisation that remains unabashed in its delight for the beautiful. I think Trane would be pleased to see his spiit so  reverently sustained. Almost every cut evolves into something greater than  the sum of its parts. This  has a nicely balanced supporting cast, and I  will continue to look for big things for pianist Aaron Goldberg. In short,  both tasteful and tasty. This would be a great disc to use to introduce  improvisational, free jazz to a neophyte, working backwards towards his  spiritual and aesthetic forebears.
B000001FDK|5.0|This is an absolute favorite of mine.  I listen to it all throughout the summer!  Ths music is so fun and light.  You wanna get up and dance every time it's on.  This soundtrack is a necessity!
B000002MX7|5.0|Rarely do you find greatest hits albums that are truelly great. Definitely worth adding to any music collection!
B00000K2SC|5.0|When I first saw this movie, I was a bit sceptical. I really didn't think that Reeves would give all that great of a performance. But, it was surprisingly good! He does seem to work well in this genre. If not for the  plot, which is fabulous by the way, buy this movie for the special effects  or the star power. This movie is a real must-have for anyone that is a fan  of the Science Fiction genre, or anyone for that matter.
0553213105|5.0|After reading BRIGID JONES: A DIARY and knowing it was a modern version/take on PRIDE AND PREJUDICE, I decided to read P&amp;P again.  It is a beautifully written, carefully crafted story of an English family with  five daughters, and they may be on the verge of losing their home and means  of support. The main character Elizabeth is a very focused, honest, caring  person.  She says what needs to be said and does the things that need to be  done. She is very observant of peoples personalities and what drives them,  at least she believes she is until she meets Mr. Wickham and Mr. Darcy.  That  the daughters must marry due to their impending financial  situation  is never questioned, but who will the future husbands be?  What makes Mr.  Right, Mr. Right?  How can one sister's Mr. Right be so wrong for everyone  else but her?  With all the social customs and duties is it possible that  two people can actually find each other, fall in love and marry? There are  characters you will love and characters you will love to hate. It is filled  with humor,romance and drama, and enough twists and turns to create a  wonderful and very enjoyable story.
B000001FXR|5.0|The wailers Debut album Catch a fire is one of those albums that you never seem to get enough of. No matter how often i play it I still find something on it that reels me in every time. The first time I listened to it it was  Concrete jungle and Stir it Up. Concrete jungle has got to be one of the  most influential protest song about hungry.  Check the line &quot;no chains  around my feet but I'm not free.&quot;   Stir it up has got to be one of  the loviest of Bob's Love songs. It's one of my fav's. Later I was hooked  on Peter tosh's protest vocals on 400 years and his soothing voice on stop  that train. And lately I'm starting to really love babby we've got a date  and Kinky Reggae. From beging to end this is a classic album.
0553108034|5.0|These adjectives come to mind when I think of this epic sequel to Game of Thrones.Martin returns us to his world of dark magic and darker deeds where intrigue and betrayal rules.This novel has scenes of lyric beauty,base  treacheries and horrific slaughter.He also boast a cast of characters who  live and breath through the pages of this book.Tywin Lannister,called the  imp.A man born with a small body and a brilliant mind who intrigues for his  family who loathes him and whose loses his heart to a prostitute.Sir  clelane, a cruel nobleman called the hound who disdains knightly virtues  and who's only joys comes from killing.Robb Stark,who finds himself the  king of the north at the tender age of fifteen.Sansa Stark who is married  to the heartless young king who ordered her father's execution.This novel  will take you a gritty medieval world where brother plots against brother  and large-scaled battle scenes.All I got else to say is bring on book 3!
6305171769|5.0|Anybody who dosnt like this movie is wacked including horror freaks. This was the best Halloween. Halloween and #3 sucked.I'm sorry but Halloween was lame.I didn't jump once in Halloween,and thats what horror moveis are for!
B00003CXDV|5.0|[This review is for the DVD version] I'll agree with and double every praise other reviewers have given this movie--a fun and funny family movie with great special effects, wonderfully acted (sometimes hilariously hammy  acting!), with a double appeal not only to people who like fantasy  adventure but also to the huge &quot;Star Trek&quot; fandom who'll see the  only-slightly distorted versions of Shatner, Nimoy, Nicholls, Doohan etc.,  in an adventure we only *wish* they could have had! But I also have to give  much praise and thanks to the developers and designers of the DVD version  of this film for its incredibly fun extras: a healthy selection of deleted  scenes, a silly but fun &quot;Omega 13&quot; menu option, but best of all,  once you've watched the whole film in English, you can go back, choose the  language option, and watch the entire movie dubbed in Thermian...the movie's  fictional alien language that sounds like something between a whale call  and Andy Kaufman. Pointless? Maybe. Fun? Absolutely! For this goofy option  alone this deserves to get an award for innovative DVD of the year...and  shows that deep down, the moviemakers had a heckauva lot of fun creating  this movie and DVD...almost as much as we do watching it over and over again.
B00004S361|4.0|One of Stevie's first albums during his extremely prolific and                             polpular run in the 70's FFF is                             frequently one of Stevie's overlooked                              albums and personally one of my                              favorites. This album is chock full of                              wonderful Stevie Wonder material It                              starts out with the melodic smile                              please. Smack dab in the middle is                              stevies frist experiment with reggae                              aptly entitled influenced Bogie on reggae                              woman. Then there's the ballad creepin                              remade by Luther Vandross. The angry but                              still funky you haven't done nothin is                              another classic. Hey, that's the Jackson                              5 on background vocals. They wont go when                              i'll go is yet another introspective                              Stevie Wonder original. And the album                              ends on a high with the emptional please                              don't go. A must for Stevie fans.
B000002HD5|5.0|Full of self-loathing, emotional torment, and dirty schoolboy smirks, the Whigs first major label release plays through without a disappointing track.  &quot;Gentlemen&quot; stands tall as one of the best records of the  1990's, exemplifying brilliant songwriting, honestly sung often disturbing  lyrics, and a musical layout which successfully blends gritty rock with  intensely heartfelt blues and R&amp;B.  This is the Whigs at their most  accessible and Greg Dulli at his most vulnerable.  Just listen to the raw  conviction with which he chokes out lyrics, covering up his impurities with  sweet nothings and beautifully whispered lies.  Each of the eleven tracks  plays into the full range of Dulli's demons and personas: the  unconscionable monster, the assasin, the tormented inmate, and the little  boy.  All are played perfectly, some seriously, some tongue-in-cheek,  urging our own confrontation with the monster in all our beds.  It's locked  it's jaws and now it's swallowing
0783225210|1.0|Hey listen, I'm a HUGE fan of John Belushi, but this my be one of the worst movies you'll ever see.  I'm not kiddin' you either.  Spielberg did a bad job as a director.  There is an all-star cast;Tim Matheson, John  Belushi, Dan Akroyd, and John Candy.  They tried to have John Belushi play  the same type of character as in Animal House and it turned out to be a  disaster.  If you are thinking of buying or renting this film here is some  advice; Do not rent it or buy it.  It is a waste of a night.
0684833395|1.0|If I could, I would've given this book no stars at all.  I could not bring myself to read beyond page 120 because I found what I read absolutely and unbelievably ridiculous. I couldn't see how so many people gave the book  four and five stars. I definitely learned from this experience not to fall  for books just because they have a high number of positive reviews as this  book does.
B00003CXDU|5.0|As a fan of the original &quot;Star Trek&quot; and a person who has attended more than one science fiction convention, I found this movie to be great fun.  It's all there!  The bad acting, the bad special effects, the  slowly more revealing costumes, the captain loses his shirt. . .I could go  on and on.  And the convention scenes!  I know people like these!  I've  seen them.  Don't know any way this movie could have been better.   Fantastic job!
B000002HD5|5.0|Full of self-loathing, emotional torment, and dirty schoolboy smirks, the Whigs first major label release plays through without a disappointing track.  &quot;Gentlemen&quot; stands tall as one of the best records of the  1990's, exemplifying brilliant songwriting, honestly sung often disturbing  lyrics, and a musical layout which successfully blends gritty rock with  intensely heartfelt blues and R&amp;B.  This is the Whigs at their most  accessible and Greg Dulli at his most vulnerable.  Just listen to the raw  conviction with which he chokes out lyrics, covering up his impurities with  sweet nothings and beautifully whispered lies.  Each of the eleven tracks  plays into the full range of Dulli's demons and personas: the  unconscionable monster, the assasin, the tormented inmate, and the little  boy.  All are played perfectly, some seriously, some tongue-in-cheek,  urging our own confrontation with the monster in all our beds.  It's locked  it's jaws and now it's swallowing
B00000AFWZ|5.0|Jaminjim from Joplin said it.  We have a station called KRTH where I live, and it's a joke.  It pretty much distills the '60s down to about maybe 200-300 key songs, and plays them over...and over...arrggh.  I can't count  the number of times I've punched that station and got in on the middle of  &quot;I Heard It Through The Grapevine.&quot;  And the disc jockeys LOVE to  hear themselves talk.<br />Give me variety!  Once in a while, get brave and  play &quot;Last Time Around&quot; by the Del-Vetts or something!<br />So if  you want to hear what you've been missing on the dumbed-down  &quot;oldies&quot; stations, get this.  It's gear, man!
B0000009SF|5.0|Just a question. What exactly is wrong with zappa's lyrics? You make a statement like that and fail to back it up with examples and say that you will not go into the reasons why(the biggest cop out of them all).  Then  you go on, with no basis on anything, to call zappa a neurotic person with  repressed anger. DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT WHAT YOU WROTE!   DO YOU KNOW  HIS REASONS FOR HIS LYRICS? OR WERE YOU LOOKING FOR LYRICS THAT HAVE NO  VALUE A LA DAVE MATTHEWS? I'D REALLY LIKE TO KNOW YOUR INTENTIONS. DON'T  WASTE UP SPACE.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Fight Club is one of those rare films I have seen that, even though the environment of the story is borderline hellish, I would love to be encompassed in. It's the story of one everyday joe (A nameless Edward  Norton) and his stale, stagnant, lackluster life which is slowly spiralling  out of control. He suffers from insomnia, which he finds relief from by  going to self-help groups and twelve step programs. His new lifestyle is  destroyed by the entrance of Marla (Helena Bonham Carter in all her strung  out, gothic-esque glory) who is also faking her way through the  meetings...even testicular cancer support groups. <br />On a random business  trip, Norton meets the straightforward, dynamic, and psychotic Tyler Durden  (Brad Pitt, looking like an utter thrift store reject) who immediately  changes his life. In order to release their own repressed hostilities,  Norton and Pitt begin to fight each other...and other men who are attracted  to the concept. Thus Fight Club was born. As time goes on Tyler begins a  destructive relationship with Marla and begins to assemble an army in order  to bring the materialistic culture he despises to it's knees. It spirals  more and more out of control until, in a very literal sense, Norton's world  comes crashing down. <br />I found that though the story was dark and the  world within most inhospitable, I would very much enjoy a holiday in this  world that Pitt and Norton carve out for themselves. This, like American  Beauty, holds a dark and hyper-realistic mirror up to our own world and  gives one pause...pause in which we wonder what seethes just under the  surface of society.
0451196716|4.0|The Long Walk is the second book I have read that was written by King under the name Richard Bachman. It is the in-depth story of how a boy named Ray Garraty must survive the greatest challenge of his life -- the Long  Walk. This annual event is summarized as follows: 100 boys start walking;  if you walk under 4 miles per hour, you get a warning; after 3 warnings, if  you slow down again, you are shot dead. The winner of the Long Walk is the  last boy left walking. <br />Stephen King (a.k.a. Richard Bachman) introduces  and develops the characters of many of the boys in the event. As a reader,  you get to learn about Garraty, Pete McVries, Hank Olson, Art Baker,  Barkovitch, Stebbins, and others, who each have their own personality  quirks and ways of looking at life. Each boy has entered the Long Walk for  a different reason and I found their discussions about life and death to be  quite interesting (a social statement by King, perhaps?). The reader is led  along the course and each significant event is mentioned along the way,  with some unexpected occurrences that may surprise you. <br />As the challenge  narrows down from the original 100 competitors to less than 50, then to  just a handful of boys remaining, the scenario becomes rather intense. Who  will die next? How will he die? And most importantly, who will be left at  the end to claim the Prize? Although the suspense builds slowly, it tends  to add to the dramatic effect of the final moments and keep the reader  wanting to read more to find out what happens (I was so eager to find out  that I read the last half of the book in one sitting). <br />Although the  story is interesting and held my attention, there are a couple of  criticisms that knocked it down from 5 to 4 stars. First, the ending was  too predictable. I had a feeling from the start of what would happen and  being verified at the end tended to downplay the whole story. Second, some  of the characters were killed off rather abruptly without muchdetail or  explanation. I guess it just depends on what you are expecting and how you  interpret the story. <br />Overall, I have to say that I enjoyed reading the  Long Walk. It tests the limits of human endurance in a unique way and makes  the reader think about life and death in a new light (or at least I did).  Unlike many of King's other novels, the Long Walk is more of dramatic  suspense story rather than a horror story, which is what I have noticed  about his writing as Richard Bachman. It is a good read, however, and I  recommend it to anyone, whether you are a fan of Stephen King or not.
B000002A3T|5.0|My first experience with Pink Floyd was watching a Pulse video in Tower of Records store.  I was almost 40 years old and was totally taken in by their bluesy sound and great light show.  I wondered where I'd been!   I bought  the video and Division Bell CD.  I guess the best time listening to this  was, sitting on a dock in Gold Beach, Oregon where a fishing vessel was  docked there.  Pink Floyd, Division Bell was coming from the vessel over  the water and I knew a kindred spirit was close by.  Whether you are angry,  sad, energized the music of Division Bell touches and soothes.  If you are  a person who doesn't like simple - you'll like the soulful Division Bell.
0140288503|5.0|Read &quot;Black Hawk Down,&quot; &quot;Rumor of War&quot; (Caputo), &quot;We Were Once Soldiers, and Young&quot; (Moore). You will understand what war is, and ponder why we can't end it. Once you begin, prepare for  some sleepless nights. It's hard to put these books down, whether you are a  soldier or civilian.
B00003CWL6|5.0|It's hard to describe this movie to the uninitiated...but I'll do my best. It is the story of Lester Burnham, a middle aged suburbanite, and the neighborhood he lives in. Lester's wife is a relentlessly self-improving  real estate agent who is both envious of and lusts after her competition  (with results so hilarious her's could be counted as one of the greatest  lines in all of movie history.) Lester has no real relationship with his  daughter any longer and secretly lusts after her &quot;best&quot; friend  Angela...and this is just the beginning. From the introverted boy next door  who films everything and his militant father to the two Jims living on the  other side of the Burnham residence, this movie rarely goes where you  expect it to and provides scenes and speaches that are both heartwrenching  and hilarious. Look closer, and perhaps by the end of the movie you'll  agree with the boy next door: There is so much beauty in the world. Whether  the beauty is in the joyous or the tragic, it is there. And in this movie.  As I've stated, this movie defies description...So take from this feeble  attempt what you will.
0684135051|5.0|I'd repeatedly read and heard about Elizabeth Zimmerman (or &quot;EZ&quot; as she was/is fondly known) but never read any of her books. I was, however, skeptical that her books could  be as wonderful as they were  reputed to be. The photograph on the cover of &quot;Knitting without  Tears&quot; did little to entice me; the sweaters looked, well, a bit dowdy  and boxy for my taste. Eventually I gave in and bought this book. Now I am  a believer. EZ won me over with her very first sentence: &quot;Most people  have an obsession; mine is knitting.&quot; Somehow she managed to take  knitting very seriously without ever taking herself very seriously. The  book is full of practical tips and tricks for improving your knitting,  conceptual ways to create your own patterns, and EZ's very decided opinions  about the craft (worth considering whether or not you agree with them all).  Best of all, anecdotes and humorous, often ironic commentary abound. Even  if you never knit a seamless sweater, you'll be glad you bought this book.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I saw Dido when she opened up for Barenaked Ladies in Chicago. I was totally hooked after that. I had to go out and get the CD. Now I can see many people are seeing what I already know. Dido is a great talent with an  incredible voice. My favorite song &quot;All you Want&quot;, and the rest  of the CD does not disappoint.
630521610X|5.0|My actual rating for Dimension's Scream: Collector's Series is 4.5stars, but I rounded up just because I love this whole series of filmsand I thought that the DVD was superb. I give the movie 5 stars, because it's full of sharp dialogue and witty play-offs of the robotically formulaic horror films that populated the late 1970's and 1980's, but also because it's brimming with great acting and plenty of suspense. Plus, Wes Craven directed it. There's not much elaboration needed on that one. The man knows how to make a scary movie. As for the DVD, I give it 4 stars, but only for the value. . . I think that Disney needs to take a hint from New Line and drop their prices, Collector's Edition or not. The commentary on this disc is fabulous. I've probably listened to the commentary as many times as I've watched the film itself, because Williamson and Craven give some amazing insight into &quot;Scream,&quot; not to mention the slasher genre as a whole. Kudos to everyone who worked on both the film and this DVD, because they're both marvelous in every way. If you liked the movie, I recommend this Collector's DVD highly. For those &quot;Scream&quot; virgins out there, the movie isn't for everyone. It contains some of the more shockingly bloody scenes in recent cinema, and its message about life is a bit darker than it first appears. Much of the humor revolves around the cliches in slasher films past, so if you can't identify with such moments, some of the magic will undoubtedly pass you by. I would judge for yourself, but it's definitely worth a look if nothing else.
B00003CX6P|5.0|Again, It proves once again that the Academy Awards is biased and conservative. Both Anthony Minghella and Matt Damon deserve a Best Director and Best Actor award and also the Best Film award. But the Academy Awards  tried to avoid this film just because of its senstive, homosexual content.  Disappointing, isn't it? <br />It is a movie of perfection, the script, the  direction, the acting, the music, the costume design, the cinematography,  the production design are all of very high standard. I have watched it for  three times but still eager to watch it. I rate it 9.5 out of 10. Bravo!
B000020617|5.0|Hello peeps.  I just have to say that this album totally rocks.  The first time I ever heard STACKED ACTORS I was hooked.  It's absolutely fabulous.  The FOO FIGHTERS are AWESOME!   I first bought There is nothing left to  lose because of Learn to Fly, but everything else on the ablum totally  backs it up.  Oh, and the new single, Breakdown is one of my favs.  Not  only does it rock but there's a story behind it.  I'd give this ablum more  stars if it were possible.  Trust me, they deserve it.
B000003Z4C|4.0|Cave and the Seeds are the proteges of no one.  Unique and inexplicable, what first sounds like a jangling garage band becomes more and more profound with each listen.  Many people may be considering buying this  because of the prevalence of the swooning, excellent Red Right Hand.  And  although that is the finest song on this album, everything else is of such  exquisite quality that you're certain to find a new favorite.  Do You Love  Me? is powerful and irresistable; Nobody's Baby Now is quiet and majestic;  I Let Love In is hilarious and miserable at the same time, and permanently  infectious; and Do You Love Me? (II) is unforgettable.  If you're looking  for something easy to listen to, I cannot recommend this; I refrain from  giving it 5 stars only because it is such an acquired taste.  But once your  in Cave's world, you'll never want to go back.
B00003CXDV|4.0|This particular movie was entertaining.  Not only was there quite a bit of comedy it had great sense loyalty and friendship all throught it.  When the movie first started there was a lot of anger amd tension in the crew of  Galaxy Quest.  The commander and crew were feeling like their lives were a  huge washout.  But after they were recruited to help &quot;real  aliens&quot; they relized that they were more than just a bunch of  insignificant small humans. They were closer to the characters that they  played on television than they thought.  The sound quaility of this movie I  rate a 3 in 5.1 surround sound. Overall a good movie!
B00004S6GL|5.0|Okay, so maybe I caught on a little late for some of these fans but this disc is evidance not only that he is an AMAZING singer songwriter but he has a brilliant ear for POPy mellodies without being too predictable. If  Simon &amp; Garfunkel and the Beatles got together, were melded into one  person, &amp; were at the very top of their game you would have Elliot  Smith. Take it a step further and Figure 8 is his White album. It's a  sparse yet way more commercially viable album than its predecessors. With  happy sing along tracks mixed carefully throughout the album with his more  traditional folk sound it scares me that if he became huge would he ever  make something this great again? I think it's safe to say that radio  friendly tracks like &quot;Son Of Sam&quot;, &quot;LA&quot;, &amp; &quot;In  The Lost &amp; Found&quot; would easily find their way to wide range of  numbers on the dial. Listening to tracks like &quot;Stupidity Tries&quot;  &amp; &quot;Pretty Mary K&quot; its hard not to imagine that George  Harrison himself is sitting there saying &quot;Damn this is the best stuff  I've done in years.&quot; If you can find a mood for your life that is  slightly introspective, free from prejudice, &amp; a happy/melencholic view  of the world you will love this disc. Don't be surprised if you see this  album listed among the best of the year. Easily the best album released yet  this year. And hey I mean the Beatles still had Abbey Road after the White  album. Maybe this is more like Revolver, wouldn't that be something....
6305807086|5.0|This is an fantastic film with a genuine &quot;theme&quot;. The theme is that it matters not at all who we really are and what our talents are where impressing others is concerned. What matters is the basic, outward  perception others have of us (ie our physical appearance).<br />Okay. Fair  enough. The plot delivers this message well but it, in itself, is  ingenious. This a sureal movie that marches forward and keeps the viewer  thinking, wondering and laughing out loud. The acting, despite a brief  appearance by Charlie Sheen, is superb and it's difficult to decide who the  awards should go to among them. It was great to see both Mary Kay Place and  Orson Bean in such rare form again and John Cusack and the beautiful  Cameron Diaz insured that this film will become a cult classic. Great  job!<br />I made the mistake of renting this movie first. If I had it to do  all over again I'd have saved the four bucks and bought it right away.
B000002NHN|5.0|One doesn't hear this fantastic music on the radio around this one-horse town;amazingly enough, I bought this from hearing &quot;Night Ride...&quot; on the sound track of &quot;Soldier&quot;on Cinemax the other night, and  was absolutely amazed,not just by the excellence of the music,but the  consistency,as well!  Not just a couple of the tracks,ALL of it is  FANTASTIC! This collection EARNS every one of the FIVE STARS it has! Don't  analyze it,Don't criticize it(if you can);just LISTEN TO IT and ENJOY (I  sure have)! I was especially enthralled by &quot;The Highwayman&quot;, as  well as &quot;Night Ride Across the Caucasus&quot;;its almost enough to get  an old Biker reading poetry!
B000002WPI|5.0|You know, once in every while, a rap album comes out that simply blows you away. Well, it seems that this album is one of those. I knew little about Wu-Tang Clan when I bought this album, but something about it appealed to  me. This is by far one of the best (if not THE best) rap albums ever. I  found the beats to be excellent, and the lyrics are those that you could  actually enjoy, as opposed to lyrics that are simply put into a song to  make it a song (Cash Money does that!). The amount of times you will listen  to this album will be a high amount. This album was released in 1993, and  only THE BEST albums are listened to SEVEN YEARS after their release. I  encourage any fan of rap/hip hop to pick this title up. It truly is a  classic with such hit songs as Method Man, Protect Ya Neck, Shame on a  Nigga, and Cream. The best part of this album is that it actually combines  good beats with depth.....BUY THIS ALBUM EVEN IF YOU ARE HOMELESS!   Hehehe.
B00002DEIX|4.0|mr. redman gives us an outstanding jazz session on this album. the first three tracks (&quot;courage,&quot; &quot;belonging,&quot; and &quot;neverend&quot;)draw us into a solid neo-bop atmosphere. mr. redman  has obvioiusly grasped the lessons of the masters. one hears the echoes of  sonny rollins, dexter gordon, and hank mobley as mr. redman weaves and  dances through these songs. all the while, though, mr. redman continues to  give us his own voice. he swings and sings throughout the album with high  energy. the album really hits it stride on the lengthier selections in the  middle (&quot;leap of faith,&quot; &quot;balance&quot; and  &quot;twilight&quot;). here we get to hear mr. redman stretch out and never  meander, never lose focus as he developes his themes with style and grace.  moreover, his support really shines through. aaron goldberg is a find on  piano. just dig his soloes and comping throughout, you'll want to find more  by him. also, hearing mr. redman and mark turner together is a real treat  (&quot;leap of faith&quot;). finally, mr. redman shows his mastery of all  the major saxes. his work on alto and soprano throughout are outstanding.  the only gripe is that i wish he would dabble with some of the  adventuresome spirit of his father, dewey redman. son joshua obviously has  the ability to explore, it'd be nice to hear the results.
B00001IVOR|5.0|. . .Wu Tang's style got a little more emotional than previous albumson this cut. However, something stayed that didn't change, great MCingand the best RZA beats. So recognize what REAL rap and hip hop is about. BUY THIS ALBUM, and as RZA put it, this album is the guide to life.
0446310786|5.0|Awesome book w/a great story.  I highly recomend this book to some one who loves to read as long as there is a suspenceful story to it.
B000002H97|4.0|This is an historical album, in the sense that it marked the crossover from heavy metal to more commercial pop metal. Not only for Metallica, but for a lot of other long-haired bands.<br />The more I hear this album, the  more I appreciate it. Not only the fantastic The Unforgiven and hits like  Enter Sandman, Nothing Else Matters or Sad But True. In fact, most of  the songs are quite good compositions. An experience from the greyzone  between soft and hard.<br />A historical album.
B000002KO1|5.0|A great first album. Hynde's great voice and Honeyman Scott's guitar playing make this the best Pretenders album. It is one of those albums which always sounds good and something new seems to appear on every  hearing.
0684857219|5.0|I don't care what anyone says after doing endless amounts of research and having trained over 9 years I can tell you nothing is as good as this. Wimpy trainers who after working out a week get a little bump on their arm  think they no everything, they don't! Most the guys making crybaby comments  about this book have no business working out! Arnold and his co-authors  tell you exactly what you must do to get in top shape. They don't hide  anything from you they give it to you straight and give you a feel what a  bodybuilder must do to achieve their goals. The comment about an entire  section being devoted as being ridiculous is a joke! This book is in second  edition and the only reason why the steroid chapter has been added is  because so many readers complained about it in the first edition.
0440234743|3.0|The Testament grabs and does'nt let you go until your finished with the book. I could'nt put the it down. John Grisham has a way with writing that keeps on your toes. I enjoyed this book very much,and I recomend it to  anyone who likes a good read.
630575067X|5.0|I really like this movie, it was interesting, action packed and most importantly followed the Star Wars story line. Some people have critisized the Phantom Menace's plot though I think it is one of the best I have seen  in a while. Of course the main critisizm of the plot was that it seemed  unfinished. My answer to this is: well duh. Episode 1 is not quite as good  as the original trilogy storywise, but what can you expect it is basicaly  the first chapter in a story and first chapters are never the best. And hey  having a story that's &quot;not quite as good as the original trilogy&quot;  is still pretty good.<br />      The acting is pretty good all around with the  only exception I can think of being Jake Lloyd (the young Anakin). I kinda  thought his acting left a bit to be desired with such lines as  &quot;yippee&quot;, and &quot;wizard&quot;. However this is more than made  up for by the stellar perforamnces of Liam Neeson (Qui-gon Jinn) and Ian  McDiarmond (Senator Palpatine). <br />     In terms of special effects I still  can't believe that The Phantom Menace didn't win the Oscar. They were  simply incredible and no other movie effects in history has even come close  to the ones in Episode 1.<br />    All in all I would recommend this movie for  everyone. It's a fun family movie but there are layers to it so as to make  it interesting for everyone. Have Fun!
6305728437|1.0|This could have been so good ... and it's nothing at all.  I gave up on it after thirty minutes, tired of the stereotyping (Mulan at the camp and the whole Be a Man song), the horrible attempts at comedy (Eddie Murphy should  not have been in this movie), and the lackluster score.  Reflection was an  all-right song, but not memorable nor something I want to hear again.   <br />The animation is stunning, but eye-candy can't replace characterization  and plot.
B00003003S|2.0|I don't even know why they bothered with an edited CD for the explicit lyrics.  I mean, isn't that what G N R's all about?  It seems like every other word is phased out, although you can still hear the music.  The  reasoning for making this edited version is beyond me.  Trust me, get the  explicit lyrics version, it's (bleeping) better!
B000003S5H|4.0|Since there are 100+ reviews of this album, I'll keep it simple.<br />there are some great songs on here: Le femme D'Argent (you heard it in the cosmetics ad) is great, and there are 4-5 others that are beautiful,  melodic wonders. Then there are the 3-4 tracks that veer into dismaying  cheese teritory, with tuba/trumpet and/or vocoder lounge themes. <br />Still  highly recommended, but not a start-to-finish listen.
0345350499|5.0|Marion Zimmer Bradley sends readers on unheard of adventures told through the eyes of the women who   lived it. This book is set dramatically in   Camelot--how it came to be, how it was, and most amazingly, its  downfall--told through the eyes of the   women who lived, breathed, and  made Camelot what it was. It covers the entire life of King Arthur--his    conception, birth, life, and death. It not only tells the classic legend of  Queen Gwenhwyfar, and Sir   Lancelot, but the day-to-day lives of all who  came into constant contact in that magical place. This   book takes the  readers on an overwhelming journey through the lands of Avalon. Bradley  pierces the core   of this mystical place, letting some of the atmosphere  leak onto the pages, delivering to us a book so   mind-racing it is hard to  stop reading after the first page. Above all, it is a story of conflict  between   Christianity and the old religion of Avalon. This book sweeps the  readers off their feet and takes them on   a magic ride. <br />  It is  Arthurian through and through, and if one has ever wanted to know more  about the legend of   Camelot and King Arthur's court, this is the book to  buy. If one has often wondered about the ancient   place of Avalon, and any  of the old Pagan rites, this book will unlock any of the ponderings in  one's mind.   It pushes the reader forward into battles surging with pride  on both sides. <br />The Mists of Avalon makes you lose sleep, one could get  so taken into the story that our own daily lives seem trivial. <br />Marion  Zimmer Bradley teaches to love and understand who you are, and where you  come from. Even if one is not of Celtic heritage, it is nothing. She shows  us that the past is not just in the past, but it is now also. It is now  because our ancestors lead the way through war, heartache, and death to  place us where we are now in life, helping us to develop our future.
0425170349|3.0|I liked the plot and the characters.  It's a good premise with fascinating possibilities.  Clark and Ding Chavez are two of Clancy's best creations.  But the book is just way too long.  It would be a solid hard-to-put-down  read if Clancy could be a little more concise and spare us having to read  every single little detail about each character, weapon, locale, building,  vehicle, thought, device, action etc.  Puh-leeeease!  I like the  techno-babble, but he's losing control!  Clancy is getting to be like a  person who loves the sound of his own voice.  He should take a lesson from  Elmore Leonard and keep the story moving.  Or better yet, think back to the  books that made him famous such as The Hunt For Red October and The  Cardinal Of The Kremlin - Both less than 600 pages.  This one has too many  words!
B00004T6V4|5.0|Not only is this the best moive, but the music is great.  I love it, everyone should too!
B000005H3A|5.0|HERBIE HANCOCK HAS ALWAYS BEEN BAD&amp;WICKED.THis Set Reflects HIS Early Works.Watermelon Man Sounds Great Here but in The 70's He Turned It into a Funk Out Jam.AN ALbum like this let's You Know that you are Listening too  SOmeone that is Very Gifted.A Must Have.
B0000025VU|4.0|You will never see Infidels listed among Dylan's classics which is a shame. Lyrically and vocally this is one of Dylan's hardest hitting albums. Jokerman, License to Kill, Man of Peace, Neighborhood Bully and Union  Sundown all take aim at corrosive social problems. Unlike many political  protest songs, the songs on Infidels are just as relevant now as when they  were written. Sweetheart Like You and I and I are among Dylan's best  ballads.<br />So why only four stars? Well, frankly the overproduction takes a  lot of the bite out of Neighborhood Bully, Man of Peace and Union Sundown.  But, pretty much every album ever released has flaws. So if you like Dylan,  but do not have this album, get it now. If you are a neophyte, get Blood on  the Tracks, Blonde on Blonde, Highway 61 or any of his masterpieces. Then  purchase Infidels, you won't be disappointed.
B000002L6P|2.0|Even Nile Rodgers The Producer calls This Disc Soggy.It Hasn't Aged Well.Sounding More Important for it's Time Period.Her VOice Lost what Little edge it had from the First Disc.The Title Cut was a Straight Bite Of  Michael Jackson's Billie Jean.She Sounds Horrible on Rose Royces Love Don't  Live here Anymore.Dress You Up&amp;Material Girl were Essential to the 80's  Style&amp;Sound.but are Dated&amp;Sound Empty Now.
6305718954|4.0|When a film centers its plot as strongly around the practices of a particular religious sect as &quot;Stigmata&quot; does Catholicism, one can assume the film will be an attempt to comment on that sect, or at least  some aspect of that sect's traditions.<br />&quot;Stigmata,&quot; though,  steps quickly out of the path of genuine, or even alarmist, commentary as  Arquette's &quot;Frankie&quot; becomes more and more deeply involved in the  weird spiritual legacy symbolized by the rosary of a dead South American  priest.<br />This priest, whose position on the &quot;good guy-bad guy&quot;  scale is at best questionable throughout the film, has given his life to  the pursuit of the &quot;true&quot; historical Christ.  Does director  Wainwright admire or condemn him for this?  It's hard to tell--in the  theater version of the film, we see the late priest only as demon possessor  (the source, perhaps, of the &quot;Exorcist&quot; echoes); it's only in the  DVD's deleted prologue that we see the priest, tormented by his struggle  against the Catholic hierarchy, fling himself from his church steeple.  Perhaps this scene had been intended to win our sympathies for the poor  source of Frankie's suffering.  But even with the scene included, we still  are left to wonder just whose side God is on--or is Wainwright trying to  say that the church has killed God?  (And if so, why the optimistic  alternate ending?)<br />As theologically vague and spiritually empty as the  film seems to be, though, it does qualify in my book as a high-quality  psychological thriller.  Pretend the stigmata are caused by simple demonic  possession, and that Jonathan Pryce and his goonies are, oh, Nazi agents,  rather than priests; if you can ignore the failed attempt at religious  commentary this film is an excellent view.
B000003BDJ|4.0|ASIDE FROM SOME LATER SONGS THEY DID this is all You will ever need from the Stones.They hit their peak.SATISFACTION,BROWN SUGAR,RUBY TUESDAY,TIME IS On MY SIDE,JUmpin'Jack Flash,Let's Spend The Night Together,These Songs  Still Hold Up.I Like This Set Better than Much what they have come After  with.I respect THE GROUP&amp;LONGEVITY but I FEEL THEY ARE OVERRATED.THEy  LOST THEIR ENERGY FELT HERE A LONG TIME AGO.
B00003CWOL|4.0|If there's no such thing as a coincidence, then God herself must have chosen today for me to view this film--after I'd spent the past few months embroiled in various (usually) light-hearted debates about issues of  gender, justice, and dogma within the staff of the church I serve,  &quot;Dogma&quot; simultaneously refreshed and challenged me  theologically.<br />But don't let that rather scholastic review keep you from  seeing this picture.  Anyone who's ever put half a thought into the  relationship between humans and God, between theology and spirituality,  between &quot;church&quot; and worship--and, I have a hunch, most people  who could care less--will absorb just what they need from the script, while  being wildly entertained by some of today's freshest, most engaging  character actors.<br />Affleck and Damon, of course, play angelic  &quot;buddies&quot; as though they were born to; Fiorentino's cynical,  pro-choice, Catholic scion is so believable as to make the whole film rest  on her genuineness.  Even Chris Rock, not usually noted for depth of  character, adds a certain no-nonsense sincerity to the film's wake-up call  to the Church.<br />My one criticism of &quot;Dogma&quot;--enough to lower my  rating from 5 stars to 4--is scriptwriter Kevin Smith's obsession with the  &quot;F&quot; word.  At least he diversifies it--it's used at various times  as a verb, as a noun, and as an adjective.  But still, comedic value  notwithstanding, just how many times DOES an angel have to swear before the  shock value wears off and we get bored with it?<br />Still, this one goes on  my wish list.  Can't wait to share it with my classmates in seminary!
B000002I8D|4.0|This is The Only Phil Collins I Like For The Most Part all The way.IN The Air Tonight Showcases His Gift at Programming Drum Beats.He has Always Had some tight Beats.I was Hyped When He had The EARTH,WIND&amp;FIRE HORNS.I  Missed Again was The Jam.This is His Best Album.His Voice&amp;Playing Sound  Solid here.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This really is an absolutely fantastic album. I only found out about Blink 182 about 6 months ago when I heard 'All the Small Things' which I thought was a cool song. I went out and bought the album having only heard one  song, in the hopes it might be good. Boy, was I right. This album didn't  leave my C.D player for about 3 weeks (no joke) and half a year later I am  still listening to it constantly. This is a funky album and definitely  worth buying!
B0000024SI|5.0|WHILE BOB DYLAN'S Voice isn't My CUP OF TEA HIS WORDS&amp;MUSIC SPEAK VOLUMES.&amp;This Set Reflects His Genius.LIKE A ROLLING STONE FOR INSTANCE You know you are Hearing SOmething Ground-Breaking.His Words Have Made Him  One OF The GREATEST POETS EVER.THE MUSIC HERE IS ESSENTIAL AS WELL.
B00000JCOV|4.0|SLIPKNOT. If you ve been reading the other reviews you'll realise that people either love this cd or hate it. All i can say is this- slipknot sound nothing like any other band ive heard. Many people think they get their inspiration from the likes of korn(even though the lyrics are totally  different and they sound nothing alike) and many people say they sold out.  Look when i first heard this cd, i knew nothing about this band ( i mean id  never heard of them-my friends told me to have a listen). After listening  to the first 4 tracks felt as if i had found the band i was looking for.  They mixed kind rap/screamin vocals with heavy drumming and guitars. I just  couldnt get over them. i bought the cd without listening to the rest.(This  was about 2 weeks after it came out in australia). Soon everyone in my  school had this album. Slipknot is a crazy band making some crazy music.  They may have copied korn and they may have sold out but they still made a  great album and that what its all about in the end-the music and they ve  succeded in doing this. but if your looking for something revolutionary you  might be a bit dissapointed. If your into heavy metal or even alternative  slipknot is the album to check out.
B000002G0P|5.0|Great album.<br />The first third of the album is funk metal, the second third is acoustic pop-rock and the latter third is progressive rock.  And it's all brilliant -- sometimes tragic, often times sad, this concept album  has many facets, many faces.  But it's the finale, &quot;Who Cares?&quot;,  that is the highlight (on an album that is full of highlights).  Queen has  &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot;, Extreme has &quot;Who Cares?&quot;, the most  moving and powerful song I've ever heard.<br />'Nuff said.
6300183483|5.0|I just thought I would title this in Rilos.This is one of my all time favorite movies.And Robert Preston is and will always be atop my Favorite actor List. The Man could act. And was always very believable in the roles  he played.This movie touched me all the way back to my childhood when  Comics and SuperHeros meant so much to me. Good against Evil and role  playing as a kid. Its that well written. The cast of actors are wonderfully  relatable and believable.Young Alex Rogan Defeats a Video Game  Machine(remember those)and Centauri shows up to take him to another Galaxy  To become a Starfighter and save the Universe. The game was just a  qualifying test. And Rilos needs Starfighters and Centauri needs his Pay  for recrutment. Problem Alex doesnt want to be a Starfighter(at first)He  returns Home and thats when Lifes bigger picture for Alex Rogan becomes all  to clear. Fantastic script and great affects for that yearthe movie was  made. It all adds up to a Film to own for years and years. See it if you  havnt and Buy it if you have. Its a Keeper.
B000002GJ7|5.0|On their self-titled debut, Extreme took the styles of Aerosmith, Van Halen and Queen and successfully melded those influences into their own unique sound.  Pornograffitti builds on the groundwork established on the  debut.<br />Pornograffitti, though, is even more versatile.<br />On  Pornograffitti, we get funk metal fun such as &quot;When I'm  President&quot; and &quot;Get the Funk Out&quot;, grand rockers such as  &quot;Money (In God We Trust)&quot;, the almost-country &quot;Hole  Hearted&quot;, the Sinatra-like &quot;When I Kissed You&quot; and the  popular ballad &quot;More Than Words&quot;.  &quot;More Than Words&quot;,  though a great song, is not typical of Pornograffitti.  Extreme flat-out  rocks on many tracks, showing a metal side that you wouldn't think existed  if you're only familiar with the aforementioned ballad.<br />This is the most  versatile cd I've ever heard in both sound and style.  Extreme was not just  another hair metal band, they were different -- almost progressive at  times.<br />If you are feeling adventurous, pick this album up.  It's fun,  diverse and brilliant.
0767817443|1.0|The Big G becomes The Big Sissy in this mindless, annoying, and totally unredeemable pile of celluloid trash.  After years of bashing the Japanese Godzilla, America responds with a big iguana(Despite popular opinion,  Godzilla is NOT a lizard! ) that runs from the awesome military might of  the U.S. Army's elite BoneHead Corps.  To pad out the 936 hour running  time, Devlin and Emmerich throw out every crass one-liner known to man and  then some.  Mankind threatened by annhilation?  Of course we have time for  a tepid romance subplot and goofy jokes that children would scoff at.  Why  not just send the Three Stooges out after the creature?  The results would  certainly be a lot funnier.  Here's a hint Hollywood;  If you can't find a  brain down in those deep pockets of yours, then just shut down and go home!
B000002JSN|5.0|I never had the privilege to watch Led Zeppelin perform live, which I sorely regret, because they must have given the crowd a terrific amount of energy. But, whereas with a band like the Doors, the live performances were  (arguably) crucial to their fans, an album like Physical Graffiti shows how  strong Led Zeppelin were in the studio as well. Especially at this period  in their career, when everything was going so, so well. I mean, they had  the courage to name their previous album with a song title from THIS one -  they were so confident another album was going to be released, as it  was...two years later...<br />This double set does, for me, represent the  band's STUDIO pinnacle firstly because of the recording quality. Sound  engineering standards had moved up since (among other things, but  especially because of) Dark Side of the Moon, but with songs like In My  Time of Dying it must have been tempting simply to let rip and leave it at  that - but listen to the end...&quot;that's gotta be the one, Jimmy?&quot;  an impatient and weary voice asks in the background. Let rip indeed, but  over and over until they got it right.<br />So, no different from Stairway to  Heaven et al., but here is a collection of sophisticated and very rocking  tracks - the convention for opening albums is to use a strong and fast  song...and sure, Custard Pie is that...but it is HUGE - so full of energy  you wonder how many guitars Page is holding in his hands.<br />Size is an  interesting way to judge an album's quality. But I am not talking about its  double nature - rather, songs like Kashmir, In the Light, and of course  Time of Dying, are mini-epics, except for the last, which is a full-blown,  Voodoo Chile, scream-'till-you-fall-over-and-then-keep-convulsing absolute  monster. Or something like that.<br />My favourite, in fact, is In the Light -  it has almost pop-like qualities, pre-empting (or influencing?) all the  great rock-pop guitar playing of the 80's and 90's.<br />With these fifteen  songs we have a distinct progression from Led Zeppelin's early blues  fusion. It is in many ways a darker album than most, certainly more so than  Houses of the Holy. But it has it all. If you are a Led Zeppelin and are  hesitating...well, shame on you. If you are not, start with Led Zeppelin  II. But once you can't get that out of your head, beware the call of  Physical Graffiti. Man, &quot;it feeeeeels pretty good up here&quot;.h these fifteen  songs we have a distinct progression from Led Zeppelin's early blues  fusion. It is in many ways a darker album than most, certainly more so than  Houses of the Holy. But it has it all. If you are a Led Zeppelin and are  hesitating...well, shame on you. If you are not, start with Led Zeppelin  II. But once you can't get that out of your head, beware the call of  Physical Graffiti. Man, &quot;it feeeeeels pretty good up here&quot;.
B00003CXDU|4.0|Now when I was ready to see Galaxy quest, I had heard alot of good reviews about it. I heard it'll keep you laughing forever. I laughed a a while. I liked the movie, don't misunderstand me, but I thought it could have had  more jokes that, if you hadn't watched the star trek series, that you  understand. I have never given out a four before, but a 4 ain't bad.
B00000064F|5.0|Maybe I just want some of it too, but one of the greatest glories is to know that you have encouraged someone else to enjoy something life-enhancing. That is the honour bestowed on one of my best friends, who  introduced me to Nick Drake by telling me to shut up, stop criticising the  cover, and listen to the bloody music (his words, not mine).<br />Five Leaves  Left is a different, more depressing, more restrained, kettle of fish from  this...and this, well, it is one of the greatest solo albums made...ever?  Yes, ever. It is a subjective statement - whereas I often try to wonder  what others might think of an album, I have no means of conceiving a  critical report of this one. Perhaps some of the music might not hit home  with you, perhaps Drake's voice will prove dull or frustratingly  depressing.<br />I can't tell - all I can say is, this is truly beautiful.  Songs like Hazy Jane (pick which ever one you want), or One of These Things  First, or Northern Sky, go beyond pop or folk or normal mortal range. Drake  entered the legion of immortal musicians among his fans not just because he  died so young - Lennon's death did not influence my preference for  McCartney - but because he reached so many. And still does.<br />His are not  just words for youths, either - my father bought this on the basis of the  Introduction, and loves the rest too. It's awe-inspiring acoustic guitar.  Astoundingly mature use of strings. A beautiful (annoying to use this word  so much - but there is no other to express the sentiment) voice. Clever,  haunting, moving lyrics. An album that works.<br />And now I understand the  cover - we cannot empathise with the genius who feels isolated from his own  world. But perhaps, by seeing his humility, hearing his message, we can  touch something of...well - that too is subjective, and for you to work out  alone.
B00003CX5A|5.0|When my dad asked us to go see Sleepy Hollow in November, I had mixed feelings. Now I had realy wanted to see the movie, i had been watching the trailer like every day but I have this thing about horror movies in theaters. The sound is too loud so like if someone is going to die, its  like BOOM! And I jump out of my seat. But my dad took me along and I Loved  it. It wasn't very scary, but very suspensful. This will be added to my DVD  collection the day it comes out. Watch it! You will like it!
B000003N7G|5.0|The first jazz album recommended to me was Kind Of Blue, the first I ever listened to. It was a strange feeling to be sitting suddenly in a room where an entire genre of music had become unmasked and was no longer  mysterious - this strange, sometime terrifying thing, jazz.<br />But I was not  overly moved. It took this album, A Love Supreme, another  &quot;crucial&quot; jazz experience, to move me. What a personal  experience! - and yet a universal one - everyone who has written here has  expressed a love for the music, or the performer, or both, and what a  confirmation of greatness for Coltrane that his own message of love for  divinity has spread to all music-lovers. And yet, jazz and Coltrane in  particular impart a humility which few other musical forms can claim -  where the soloist is merely a medium, his composition &quot;merely&quot;  improvisation.<br />The only statement here which I do not agree with is one  encouraging patience - patience with this, perhaps, but don't wait to get  it. Challenging it may prove initially, but beyond the intense four-note  bass-line, and the energetic Resolution, comes a true resolution in the  finale, and the Psalm. Really alas for the brevity of the piece - 45  minutes have never seemed so little...but does it get better than this? -  just restart, and the reverence continues.<br />Truly one of the essential  albums of this century.
0440234743|5.0|The Testament is an excellent book by John Grisham. Instead of focusing on adultery, jealousy, deceit, lying, etc, he uses the principles of Christianity to show how one's life can change, just by turning away from the world. This book would definately not have been better, if he hadn't  incorporated Christian fundamentals. BUT, the purpose of this book is not  to convert. Grisham definately surprised me this time, with a story that  was not based on sex, drugs, alcohol, or malice. I'm 17 and I thoroughly  enjoyed The Testament.
6305426651|3.0|Ok: if your heart is easily warmed, and you like really wacky, light-hearted, whimsical humor which &quot;celebrates the human spirit&quot; and such, this ought to go over well with you. For me it was  kind of a mixed bag. A great deal of the humor struck me as incredibly  dorky, requiring giant leaps in suspension of disbelief that I simply  wasn't quite ready to take. I guess I felt like a lot of it -- first half  in particular -- was trying much too hard to be carefree and magical. The  only thing that kept me involved is the simple fact that I just kind of  like Benigni himself, even though much of his humor fell flat on me. The  sort of guy that tries *so* hard, you can't help but admire him a little  for the sheer vivacity of his effort, even when the efforts themselves  don't pay off. The second half, once the thematic ice gets thinner, helped  save it for me. Some people felt that the movie was dealing with a  sensitive topic a bit poorly at this point -- I'm not certain about that  one way or another -- but if so, that's precisely what made it interesting  to me. The humor is just as wacky but suddenly terse in relation to the  tragic surroundings and the sensitive theme, and the effect is a bit  uncanny. The whimsical feats of Benigni become more far-fetched than ever,  but a few of them really do strike a powerful emotional chord. And the dark  twist near the end left me reeling; somehow I didn't quite expect it, even  though it was inevitable. The very end, with the good old USA busting onto  the scene to save the day -- personifed by a handsome, ivory-smiled young  soldier, no less -- would've left me a bit queasy under normal  circumstances, but I was too busy still dealing with some of the rather  unusual aesthetic and emotional responses the movie had triggered in me to  bother about it much. I'm not sure whether to recommend it or not, when all  is said and done, but it's certainly an interesting creation, and it  certainly has its moments.
B000002H6C|5.0|In, terms of songwriting and individual performances, Metallicareached their pinnacle with AJFA; Heavy metal that explores newfacets.  In terms of production, however, the album leaves a bit to be desired, and  consequently is very much an acquired taste.   First, the good news...  Bitter, angry lyrics, combined with a crushing, dry guitar blitz that  remains enviable to this day, make for a listening experience not to be  taken lightly, or to be forgotten.  The slower, more meditative passages  also blend in well, such as in &quot;One&quot; and &quot;To Live is to  Die&quot;.  Hetfield is truly a poet, which can be appreciated by metal  fans and non-fans, alike.  If ever Metallica had an &quot;art-metal&quot;  album, AJFA is certainly it.  For me, the highlights are the title track,  and &quot;To Live is to Die&quot; (RIP, C.L.B.), although I thoroughly  enjoy every song on the album. Now, the not so good news... If you only  listen to this album once, you may never fully appreciate it.  Quite  frankly, the production is nearly enough to scare away all but the  heartiest of Metallica fans.  While I love the upfront guitar attack,  Ulrich's drum kit seems to be just as dry and upfront, which I feel doesn't  suit the sound.  Do I even have to mention the bass, or lack thereof? I can  actually hear the bass for only a couple of moments (quieter moments).   Being a bassist myself, who idolized Cliff, I felt that Jason's talent was  not given, well, &quot;justice&quot;. Overall, though, It's a great album,  and perhaps Metallica's magnum opus, which I would like to think is somehow  attributable to the late Cliff's fresh memory at the time.  It hurts to  say, but tragedy often brings out the best in an artist.  Give it a chance.   It'll grow on you.  Trust me.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie goes beyond any bad science fiction movie out there.  This is because, it has the special effects (mind blowing), it has the action, but is has something more, A STORY.<br />A good science fiction movie will make  people think about themselves and their roles in society.  This movie IS  thought provoking, for anyone looking for a deep story.  This movie also  has wonderful special effects (won an oscar for that), and intense action,  for anyone looking for a good time.<br />Either way, this movie will be  enjoyed by any fan of Deep Sci-Fi, OR mindless action.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I have always liked Alanis' voice, but never the rock music that accompanies it- it doesn't fit the voice and lyrics. Then I heard UNPLUGGED and I loved it, becuase the music fits much better.  I'm not even a fan of  &quot;chick rock&quot; or &quot;pop,&quot; but I keep the album in my CD  player anyway.  The music is good, her voice is powerful and emotional, and  the lyrics are much better than typical &quot;pop&quot; lyrics.  My  favorites on the album are &quot;Joining You,&quot; &quot;Princes  Familiar,&quot; &quot;I Was Hoping,&quot; and &quot;Uninvited.&quot;
6305212112|5.0|I saw this movie when I was only ten, and suffice to say, it was as inspiring for a ten year old as it is for me today. THe characters are wonderful and expressive. See this movie-- you will never regret it!
B00003CXAR|5.0|In 1971, when Peter Benchly wrote a horrific tale about a massive shark attacking a New England town , who would have ever thought that it would gross over 400 million at the box office. This movie still in the top 10  all time .At 25 years of age Jaws is still my favorite movie and will  continue to be, this tribute to Jaws is well over due,if you have never had  the chance to own a DVD this should be your first. the original jaws VHS  was recorded in Dolby mono-this one in DTS (digital theater sound), will be  so incredible you might want to join Quint at the table for some apricot  brandy. this movie has single-handedly effected more people of my age than  any other movie in history,(Psycho comes in second for my moms era). I give  this movie in its new format and sound two fins up!
B000006045|5.0|This is the best by far of all the Massive Attack's this is the true sound out of Bristols. They deliver the darkness we all crave while still mixing in trip hop, eastern indian sounds, and even guitars. The female voices are  so enchanting and the male voices stand out to. At the times his voice  reminds me of a cross between Faith No More meets Love N Rockets, hows that  for eclectic range. Definately get this and also check out Portishead,  Morcheeba, Air, Kid Loco, Thievery Corporation, Rockers Hi-Fi, Moloko, for  similar styles. Remember theres always more energy in the dark.....
B00000JKH2|4.0|I am a fan of at the drive in and have seen them many time since the promotion of their first CD. I really like the use of keyboard/synthesizers in this album, but many song have an unfinished feeling. The band is still tight rhythmically, however, a few of the song on this album have &quot;off,&quot; chorus to verse transitions.  I was expecting their normal refinement and carefully selected transitions-that is not what I found. It is still good with a few awesome Nigel and Ohmar vocal duets.
B00003CXDU|5.0|This is a great movie, as long as you like spoofs.
6304539258|4.0|This film is one of those- you either love it or you hate it hate. Well I kind of fall in between. Star Wars is great on an epic scale with millions of followers world-wide. This film is not perfect though, a poor script,  bad directing, and acting just a little over sub-par. However what make  this film so ingenious, is it's stunning visuals and brilliant creativity  set in a vast universe full of mystery and adventure. A contrived plot?  Maybe, but the follow-through final results were spectacular.
B000001BZT|3.0|I have seen LPs/Cds with b\as good or better material and worse track sequencing than this one -- Warren Zevon's &quot;Excitable Boy&quot; comes to mind -- but since the day i bought my first copy of this album (i  recently replaced it after someone decided thatt they needed the original  copy more than i did), back in '88 or so to this day, i doubt if i have  listened to any of cuts 6 - 10 even once for a hundred or more spins of the  first five.I suppose this is because the album is a bit  split-personalitied; what would be Side One of an LP is mostly tracks that  Rock Out: &quot;Johnny Come Lately&quot; (with backing by the Pogues) and  the title track both center, in elliptical fashion, on the Viet Nam  experience; &quot;The Devil's Right Hand&quot;, a hard-rockin' ode to Col.  Colt's products, sounds as if it ought to be the theme music for a *good*  spaghetti western, and &quot;Snake Oil&quot;, a late-Reagan-era meditation  on hucksterism and the short con, is funny and cautionary at the same  time.But then we have &quot;Side Two&quot; (so to speak) and pretty much a  set of five generic Nashville-country songs that have left no real  impression on my mind, even over twelve years...But the first half is  plenty good to qualify the album as a whole for three stars, and so i have  rated it.Most of those reading this review will know the story of Earle's  subsequent crash, rehab and triumphant comeback -- if all you've really  listened to of his work is his later stuff, give this one a try and let him  rev you up...
6305095566|4.0|To tell you the truth, the first &quot;Evil Dead&quot; film I have ever seen was the third installment &quot;Army of Darkness&quot;, and thought it ruled (and still does, by the way). That was three years ago, when it aired on cable television; three years later, I stumble upon this first  installment at the nearest mall I go to every once in a while, thought it  looked cool judging by its tape cover, bought it. . . watched it the  next day, and thought it was the best mix of a horror/comedy hybrid that  actually works. The film is very well worth buying, and I must urge you to  rent-- no, I must urge you to BUY-- the follow-up &quot;Evil Dead 2: Dead  By Dawn&quot; which is more of a remake than sequel. IMHO, part 2 is much  better than part 1 mostly because of its bigger budget and the performance  of Bruce Campbell as everyone's favorite horror hero Ash. So, watch the  original &quot;Evil Dead&quot; and you will be rolling with laughter from  start to finish but not as much as the effect that &quot;Evil Dead 2&quot;  will have on you.
6303168507|5.0|As I have grown up to the age I am at now (17) I have never really had a passion to watch the movie Schindler's List.  I thought that since I had been on trips to the Holocaust museums and heard stories about the tragic  events, that I knew all that there was to know.  I thought this until this  past month in which our history teacher had us watch the movie in class.   What I first thought was going to be a boring movie, turned out to be one  of the most emotional movies that I have ever seen.  The job that Steven  Spielberg did in this movie is just beyond words.  The acting by Liam  Neeson and also Ralph Fiennes was also superb.  Fiennes's character  especially, you just loved to hate, but I later had pity for during the  film.  To this date, I have never seen a film that was so real.  I was not  the only one in my class touched by this classic. The emotion of the final  seen in which the real survivors and actors place stones on Oskar  Schindler's grave kept us in our seats even after our class bell rang.  We  all knew we'd be late to the next class, but this movie just kept us there  until the end.  If that doesn't tell you how powerful this movie was, then  I don't think anything will.  This is truly a classic and I am thankful to  my history teacher for making me watch it.
B00001OH7O|3.0|My mom and I think this is our best David Bowie record. Every song is great and couldn't be better. My favorite two are CHANGES and OH! YOU PRETTY THINGS. The song about Bob Dylan --- you might think I'm crazy, but  I get a kick out of that song because it has some humor in it.<br />  Enjoy!
B00003CWN2|1.0|First off this is one of the most disgusting movies i have ever seen.I think this movie was an absolute disgrace and I dont know why alot of the Americans were obsessed with this trashy movie.I'm glad Amercian Beauty won  the awards and i dont know how Annete Benning lost to that lousy actress in  this movie Boys Dont Cry.If you got about two hours to spare then watch  this movie better yet dont watch it if you go two hours to spare and watch  the discovery channel.This movie is just nasty.I dont care if it is a true  life story its sick.
B00001OH7N|1.0|This is his WORST album! I think he just made this album just to make an album. As a matter of fact, the album is so bad, when I bought it I threw it away after hearing every song. &quot;After All&quot; was stupid, and  &quot;The Width of a Circle&quot; reeked. I hate long songs. My one and  only long song that's acceptable from Bowie is &quot;Station to  Station.&quot;  Don't buy this horrible CD.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I was in a tourist gift store in Plymouth Mass. on holiday when the sweetest sound filled the air. I asked the assistant what it was. It was Dido - she had borrowed the album from a friend and been captivated and was  at that moment searching Amazon.com to order it. I took details and  returned to home to the UK and ordered it post haste. I may be the only UK  resident to get a copy - what a crime the record company didn't promote  this New York chanteuse in Europe. If they did, it passed me by and it  would have been snapped up by playlists like MagicFM and even BBC Radio2 -  Terry Wogan's a pushover for this kind of light airy vocal quality with a  hint of mystery with that jazzy folky backing.
0448060191|5.0|Little Women is one of the best books I've ever read.In this novel about faith and courage, four sisters, Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy, fight  through the hardships and beauty of life.While their father is off to war, the sisters  give up their daily bread to keep their courage alive.
B00004STPT|4.0|I always check out soundtracks when they come out unless it's something that strikes me as a write-off.  For some reason I thought Gladiator would be just another Hollywood fluff film with another fluff soundtrack.  Boy  was I wrong.  I'd say that if you like the Insider soundtrack or are a fan  of Dead Can Dance this is a great buy.  If you are a soundtrack fan then  this is a very nice addition to an ever growing collection.  Worth checking  out.
B00000DGXN|5.0|It's always an amazing thing when you get an all star group together.  Here is another example.  All the solos are spectacular and the whole CD feels great.  There may be a little bit of magic missing like another  reviewer mentioned, but then again, maybe it's there and I'm just missing  it.
B000000W5L|4.0|It never ceases to amaze me that this is considered the best of all Stones albums.  I mean it's good, even great, but it's so different from anything they'd previously attempted that I'm surprised it hasn't been consigned to  novelty status like their first step away from the hit-making machine,  &quot;Their Satanic Majesties Request&quot; (which I also own, and  like).<br />Almost nothing on Exile comes to mind when you think of  &quot;classic&quot; Stones songs (The only attempt at a &quot;classic&quot;  song, &quot;Rocks Off&quot;, sounds forced and doesn't compare with earlier  rockers like &quot;Gimme Shelter&quot;).  Indeed, several tracks, like  &quot;Turd on the Run&quot;, &quot;I just wanna see his face&quot;, and  &quot;Sweet Virginia&quot; are sufficiently obscure that I'll bet whole  tours go by without them getting played.  The album is so blues-centered as  to scarcely belong under the Rock n' Roll rubric.  If someone told you that  Muddy Waters wrote &quot;Ventilator Blues&quot;, you'd believe him. But  this remains the benchmark against which everything they've done in the  almost thirty years since is measured.<br />Perhaps I shouldn't be surprised.  The Stones have always eschewed the status of artistes of 60's rock. That  title belongs more to Floyd or the Velvet Underground (or even the  Beatles). They've always kept grounded to dark R&amp;B roots that created  them.  But here, they made something so true, rich, and messy, that if it  isn't art, it's really really close.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|One of Kubrick's best. Superb performances by Cruise and Kidman.The story slowly draws you into the minds of the characters, especially Cruise's character who finds himself suddenly overtaken by emotions of jealousy and  desire to be followed by fear and finally guilt. Kidman as his wife  delivers one of most  memorable dialogs with absolute perfection. Note  Sydney Pollack who appears in the movie. Sydney is an actor, director and  producer of many hit movies, his acting is natural and smooth, a true  perfessional for sure.                                        This was  Kubrick's last movie and his final masterpiece and he kept it true to the  Kubrick tradition of the highest quality of motion picture making in cast,  crew, and script.
B000002OX5|3.0|The Who Sell Out is one of those albums that make you wish you could give half-stars.  Four seems like a bit much, three seems like not enough (You may have noticed that I generally don't give out 5-star reviews).<br />I just  recently bought Sell Out (selected because I simply had to have an album  featuring Roger Daltrey in a bathtub full of baked beans), on the advice of  a sibling who assured me I'd dig The Who. On first listen, I wanted to  punish said sibling severely.  Everything sounded too poppy and cherubic.  Then I listened again.<br />Whatever songs I might have lukewarms feelings for  are far outweighed by the goodness of &quot;Armenia&quot;, &quot;I Can See  For Miles&quot;, &quot;Melancholia&quot;, &quot;Jaquar&quot;, and their  sharp send-up of &quot;Hall of the Mountain King&quot;.  I'm gonna have to  listen more before I could give a higher rating, but I like what I hear so  far.
B0000214FS|5.0|I THINK THAT THE WILD WILD WEST  WAS COOL AND THE SPECIAL EFFECTS WAS VERY NEAT &amp;AWESOME.THE ACTORS AND THE ACTRESES WERE VERY GOOD  .ESPECIALLY WILL SMITH, KENNETH BRANAGH , AND SALMA HAYEK.
B000002UAR|4.0|Philosophers say that moderation is the key to life, the avoidance of excess, the mixing of elements to find the happy medium.  It's also the key to this gem from the Beatles.<br />Played out in fourteen satisfying tunes are  hard riffs, smooth melodies, dark themes, and moments of great silliness.  They never pound away at one idea, but keep switching gears as fast as they  can.  It clearly influenced everything they did after, but for my money,  this was their peak.
0446310786|5.0|I recommend this book to every parent to share with their child.  I remember reading it when I was 14 and it stuck with me forever.  It opened my mind to the realities of the world, taught me about honour and the need  to fight for beliefs regardless of results.  I will share it with my family  and anyone that cares to listen.  This is a timeless classic. The film  pales in comparison - go read the book and share it with the world.
B00001QEE6|5.0|If you're looking for a movie which will touch your heart, this one should be at the top of your list.  The dinner that lady has with the tramp at Tony's (remember Tramp sharing, and that great song?) may bring tears of  joy to your eyes.  Yes, the price is high, but this is a movie you can  watch again and again because of the wonderful characters, the great songs,  and the beautiful animation.  Also, Disney has done an incredible frame by  frame digital restoration of the entire movie and soundtrack.  This is an  extremely expensive and time-consuming process, which is why only a few  Disney animated classics have had this kind of attention lavished on them  (and why apparently no other movie studio seems to attempt anything like it  with their older films).  What the restoration means for a DVD owner is  that the movie looks and sounds almost exactly as it did if you had walked  into a movie theater the day it premiered in 1955.  There is not a single  distracting scratch on any frame of the film, not is there a single pop of  static in the sound.  For some movies, perhaps, that might not make a big  difference, but for a classic as great as Lady and the Tramp, it does.
