B000006SGT|5.0|a very good collection of songs by the animals at their best and a great price
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|My husband bought this for my birthday a few days ago.  I've just now gotten a chance to listen to it and I LOVE it.  I've never had a problem with addiction (except to chocolate) but \\"Sober\\" gave me chills.  Yes, she is more raw and edgy...she's growing as an artist as well as a human being and it's all right there on this CD.    As someone else stated, kudos to Kelly for staying true to herself.  I've been a fan since I heard her sing \\"Surrender\\" in Season 1 of American Idol and judging by how things are progressing, I'll always be a fan.
B000PY52EU|4.0|\\"Black Snake Moan\\", Craig Brewer's second film to emerge from Southern musical traditions, takes its name from the song recorded in 1927 by Texas blues man Blind Lemon Jefferson. Where 2005's \\"Hustle & Flow\\" found inspiration in crunk, \\"Black Snake Moan\\" is all about the blues. The film approaches the themes of Sin and Redemption, the Devil and God, and Man and Woman much as a blues song would, with unrestrained melodrama, conviction, and humor, to create a provocative and oddly empathetic Southern fable.<br /><br />Rae (Christina Ricci) is a troubled young woman with an abusive past. She finds peace with boyfriend Ronnie (Justin Timberlake), but when he leaves on a military tour, Rae turns back to booze and indiscriminate sex to cope with her fears. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) is a farmer and former musician overcome with bitterness and self-righteousness since his wife left him. After a night of partying, Rae is left beaten and unconscious on the road. Lazarus takes her in to nurse her back to health. But when he learns of Rae's self-destructive lifestyle, he makes it his mission to save her spiritually as well -even if he has to chain her to a radiator to do it.<br /><br />Rae and Lazarus' behavior is over the top, but so is the angst and violence in blues music. Craig Brewer's stories grow out of the music he loves, which make for an interesting fusion of art forms. Brewer undertakes the score and soundtrack with as much diligence, if not more, as he does the visuals. The piercing sound of cicadas gives an impression of place even before the film starts. \\"Black Snake Moan\\" reunites the creative team from \\"Hustle & Flow\\", including composer Scott Bomar. Samuel L. Jackson and Christina Ricci, who is unforgettable as Rae, infuse this blues homage with soul.<br /><br />The DVD (Paramount 2007): There are 3 featurettes, 5 Deleted Scenes with optional commentary, a Photo Gallery of 33 images, and an audio commentary. \\"Conflicted: The Making of Black Snake Moan\\" (27 min) interviews director Craig Brewer, producers Stephanie Alain and John Singleton, the cast, and others about the film's conception, making, casting, themes, music, and the infamous chain. \\"Rooted in the Blues\\" (13 min) talks with Brewer and composer Scott Bomar about the music and musicians. \\"The Black Snake Moan\\" (9 min) is about the song, the editing, and the scene in which Samuel Jackson performs it. In the audio commentary, Craig Brewer discusses locations, actors, music, themes, audience reaction, and his decisions and experiences while filming. Subtitles are available for the film in English and Spanish. Dubbing available in French.r Craig Brewer, producers Stephanie Alain and John Singleton, the cast, and others about the film's conception, making, casting, themes, music, and the infamous chain. \\"Rooted in the Blues\\" (13 min) talks with Brewer and composer Scott Bomar about the music and musicians. \\"The Black Snake Moan\\" (9 min) is about the song, the editing, and the scene in which Samuel Jackson performs it. In the audio commentary, Craig Brewer discusses locations, actors, music, themes, audience reaction, and his decisions and experiences while filming. Subtitles are available for the film in English and Spanish. Dubbing available in French.
B000RIWAYY|5.0|The remastered audio CD is very nice, and to me there are some very notable improvements (not that any were really needed) such as Hill of the Skull.  But the DVD is what I think makes the purchase a great value.  The DVD shows Joe in a raw and hungry stage of his great carreer, and serves as a record that he has always been at the top of the instrumental guitar world.  The audio is also very good, which kind of surprised me since the show was taped so long ago, and it seems like so many DVD's being released with shows from the 70's and 80's seem to be lacking in that department.    To me there are times when Joe seems to miss on certain whammy techniques and some of the more complex soloing paterns in this video, which is probably a combination of being very tired and the songs being pretty new, but what I think is important about that is that when you compare some of the songs to the versions on the SF live DVD you can see how far Joe has come as a performer, and how he has mastered those techniques.  Don't get me wrong about what I'm saying, Joe absolutely destroys in the set offered here, and it is truly a shame that the set had to be shaved down, but I am grateful that Joe has released this very fine show.  I highly recomend this to any fan of guitar driven music.
B00005JLCI|5.0|\\"Now is the winter of (my) discontent, made glorious summer by this son of... Belfast?\\"  I LOVED this movie since I first laid eyes on it ten years ago.  I grabbed my VHS copy as soon as I could get my grubby little finger on it, and cried great big man-tears when I found out that it was not to be released on DVD.  But low and behold, patience has paid off (and it's about BLOODY TIME!)  Now how about an HD or Blu-Ray release to make the hi-def purist in me happy?    PS - If anyone should get credit for this truly inspirational piece (other than Branagh), it should be either Sir Derek Jacobi (who insipred Branagh as a teenager with his performace of Hamlet), or Sir John Gielgud (who inspired Jacobi with his performace of Hamlet, and was a mentor to both Kenneth and Sir Derek).  But that's just my opinion....
0743298020|4.0|This book kept my interest and I thought it was just a terrific story. I really enjoyed the plot that was woven around Margaret Lea, a biographer  interviewing  Vita Winter the writer. I thought that was unique twist for the author to base her story. If you haven't read the book here is a brief summary (no need to spoil it for you). Margaret arrives at Vita's home and Vita starts spinning a tale of the Angelfield family and the twins that were born. As the story unfolds the author ensures that the Thirteenth Tale is revealed to the reader. I suppose I should stop right here. In summary, it's an exceptional novel by Diane Setterfield and I would gladly recommend it to my friends.
1594489505|5.0|I am already anticipating the next book by Khaled Hosseini...Excellent...  Highly recommended read that will linger in your mind long after you turned your last page...  It's like a portal into Afghanistan's soul...Heartwrenching and deeply moving...Leaves you with a profound sense of realization...    One of the best books I have ever read...
B000MXPE74|5.0|I didn't know what to expect when I picked up Costello Music. I had heard the songs in a couple of TV commercials and been to the Fratellis' myspace page. When I got the CD I was blown away. The lyrics aren't that special, but the music is amazing. Upbeat and catchy with interesting tempo variations. This is great music to turn up and blast on your iPod while working out or in your car while driving down the highway. A pure adrenaline rush!
B000RJO58M|5.0|Ok, I am not a huge fan of Shaun of the Dead. I like the movie a bit, but I didn't fall head over heels for it. That said, I must admit that I did love this movie. It was funny beyond expectations. The characters were great while just trying to do their jobs as law enforcement officers in a small English village. The supporting cast was great. Timothy Dalton was an extremely slippery villain who facilitates all the killing within the town. The movie does serve as homage to some of the recent crime movies produced in the US. IN the process what you get is a silly take on the depressed state of filmmaking within the United States.
B000001FZK|5.0|So many effluent reviews and yet how can one touch the majesty that is this album?  I've owned it since the day it was released and I still listen to it regularly.  It envelops like a hug and comforts you with a sympathy and understanding that brings tears to my eyes.  Evocative, haunting, and flat out gorgeous, I would certainly consider this as much a \\"desert island disc\\" as Miles Davis' \\"In a Silent Way\\", David Bowie's \\"Low\\", and Cocteau Twins \\"Victorialand\\".  Words cannot describe it...just give it a listen.    Worth every penny if for nothing more than Mark Hollis' voice rising one note 6:14 into \\"New Grass\\".  Just hits you like a train!
B000N6U0E2|5.0|This is a great movie, it really is. The story involves a man who overcomes great odds to further his family's position within a major city. His family is falling apart because he has no steady income, his wife leaves because she can't deal, and he has to take care of his son. In spite of all these troubles, the main character, chris, is able to get a prestigious internship with a brokerage firm.  Things work out, and after many troubles, he is able to succeed. Will does a great job with this character, so the entire movie is worth the time watching it. So, get this movie and have fun.
B000N3T0DW|5.0|Almodovar never fails when it comes to heartfelt entertainment. I'm a huge fan, and \\"Volver\\" did not disappoint. The very simple, yet very complicated, scenario is populated by real, fleshed-out characters, given complete interpretations by a stellar cast. Ms. Cruz, of course, is luminous, and her talents belie  atrocious handling in Hollywood. Those beautiful eyes say so much, and her control centers the crazy goings on. It's hard to describe the plot, even a bit, without blabbing away vital plot-points, but it's certainly a showcase for women, which is where Sr. Almodovar excels. All of the women fit their roles perfectly, and the great Carmen Maura is back to add endless intrigue. Indeed, so many women with so many completely different issues, in this age of \\"thankless role for women\\", is certainly a treasure. The brilliant use of color to enhance the proceedings, as well as the mind-blowing plot(s), put this high on Sr. Almodovar's list of fine achievements.
B0000640S2|2.0|From The opening cheesey TV movie style music you know your in for something bad! The original First Blood is a very good movie, but this film is silly(even for a picture of this nature)with wooden performances by all. How did they ever talk Crenna into this picture? He is the only saving grace. I wasn't expecting much when I sat down to watch this picture, but I though I would be entertained......I was not!....I found myself nodding off! This is hard to believe considering the monsterous sub woofer I have in my theater. I am not looking forward to part 3, but we do what we have to do! For those interested the DVD transfer and extras are too good for this picture.
B0000669JL|5.0|This is simply a classic that everyone should own.  It's become one of our 1.5 year old daughter's favorites.  We have tons of kid's CD's, but as parents, we can only take so much.  So we went digging through our music collection looking for some music that wouldn't drive us insane, yet would still be appropriate for her.  The smooth melodies and rythmes of this album quickly made it one of her favorites.  She'll always dance when we play it.  Hopefully she'll learn to appreciate some decent music, so her music doesn't drive us crazy again when she's 15.  Ha!
B000MR9D5E|4.0|this is a great series and I would suggest that anyone who is considering to purchase this product...should!  The only reason why I gave it '4-stars' instead of '5-stars' is because if i had this in blue-ray or HD-DVD, this would be amazing!      You will learn a lot...buy it!
B000001BZT|5.0|Sold his FAVORITE guitar for drugs. He is not a poser, he has lived and survived it. Just remember,\\"You don't come back from Copperhead Road.\\"
B000N6UERK|5.0|I have to say was entertaining.The premise was silly and Denzel Washington has played this role before in alot of his movies.There is no escaping the fact that the movie looks and sound excellent on blu-ray. You would be stupid if didn't add this movie to you collection.It's one of the best Blu-ray title on the market.You won't be disappointed.
B000BTC5LW|5.0|If you are a \\"true\\" fan of Pink Floyd, be prepared for the \\"gooseflesh\\" on your skin as it tingles. Dial-down the band politics-ENJOY!
B000N6TX22|5.0|There is no doubt that this is one of the best on HD DVD titles from Universal next to \\"Hot Fuzz\\" \\"Shawn Of The Dead\\" \\"Fast & The Furious\\" and \\"Fast & The Furious:Tokyo Drift\\" just to name a few.The interactive features are fun and the U-Control rules!!! I know the theme of the movie is  depression. But the Hi-Def Version looks and sounds excellent it's worth every dollar.
1594489505|5.0|Excellent book! I couldn't put it away. It's been a long time since a book left such an impact on me.
B000N3ST7K|5.0|I think that Quentin has always had a good ear for music.I can't these songs out of my head.I think that a good thing.Every song tells it's own story which makes this soundtrack so great!!
B00000FC5H|4.0|Nothing but the classics for me! I loved this cd and I received it in immaculate condition.
B00003CXAT|3.0|Overall, I thought this was a pretty good movie, despite not being as good as the book. There were a few things that irritated me about this.  1. The preachiness of the of the \\"experts\\" in declaring that the park is bound to fail. That they were tampering with things they shouldn't and it would blow up in their faces. Well, sure, things blew up in their faces, but solely because Nedry shut down all the security that kept the dinosaurs locked in. There is nothing in the movie to suggest (other than the in your face sermons) that the park would have failed otherwise.    2. The second, and bigger, problem I had was the fact that ALL the technical personnel are sent home on the day they are running their first trial run! Who does that?!? It wasn't even optional. They were ordered to leave. I'd imagine that if I ran a place like that, I'd ALWAYS want a support staff on hand, even when the park's closed, and most certainly when I'm sending people through it.
B0002CHIJW|4.0|This movie is a fusion, a cinematic expression of violent sexual acts and justifyable homicide. While the hairstyles, and even the haircuts ;} forever date the film as a 70's drive in sexploitation flick, there is enough wrong going around in this picture to wind the broken clock of even the most ardent gorehound or woman's prison movie aficiondo. It just begs for a remake, but of course that will never happen until society collapses entirely. Here's hoping! I just wish the main character didn't look like she had Buckwheat in a scissorlock for the duration of the rougher scenes.
B000L43AN4|5.0|If you are reading this, you already know you need to own it. Tom is Tom and this is him doing what he does best. He is always at the top of his game and his career has never peaked, it is just one long brilliant plateau. Buy and enjoy!
B00000IAU3|3.0|I saw Dido in concert, and the spark and variety she showed in concert is not reflected in this CD.  This Cd has not stood up to the test of time.  After a few listens, although her voice is pleasant and music is relaxing, it becomes monotonous.
B00003CXAA|5.0|I am unable to review this , as I gave it as a gift. The person I gave it to was very pleased, but I am not certain if he has yet watched it. I am sure it is fine. Everything I order from you folks has been first rate.
055358894X|5.0|I've ready many fantasy novels over the years, although admittedly not as many recently.  As an aspiring author in the genre, I was looking for something to read for character development techniques.  After much fruitless searching among other purely plot-focused writings, I stumbled upon this offering from an unknown (to me) writer.  A single glance at the synopsis on the back cover was all it took to sell me.  Actually reading the book itself proved to be far more rewarding than I had expected.<br /><br />From the opening chapter I knew that Scott Lynch was not your typical fantasy author.  He is possessed of a talent the likes of which I have not seen in years.  There is nothing cliche, and very little that is predictable, about his characters, settings or story lines.  The characters are invariably colorful, unique and memorable.  The settings are at the same time believable and realistic, yet fresh and enticing.  The story itself, well, it's one of the most engaging, pleasantly twisting and suspenseful yarns I've read in many years.  I'm so refreshed to see a hero who is not trying to save the world from destruction by the forces of overwhelming evil (e.g., the standard offering from a Terry Brooks or a Robert Jordan).  He's just trying to protect himself, his friends and his turf from others who seem to be meaner, tougher and more determined to take them from him.<br /><br />Locke Lamora and his world are a delightful place to lose oneself.  The reader will find gritty, realistic action and an intricate plot with all manner of twists, turns and surprises.  The dialogue is always credible, frequently witty and occasionally downright humorous.  Although some reviewers have opined that the ending of this novel is a bit weak, I disagree.  Without getting into spoilers, I will say that the final encounter between Lamora and Raza ended most poetically.  One word of caution, however, is that the book is chock full of rather colorful language that makes it unsuitable for young readers.  Overall, however, I enjoyed this immensely, and would summarize it as a blending of the best elements of Glen Cook (the Black Company series) and Steven Brust (the Vlad Taltos series).  I'm very much looking forward to the sequel.s.  Overall, however, I enjoyed this immensely, and would summarize it as a blending of the best elements of Glen Cook (the Black Company series) and Steven Brust (the Vlad Taltos series).  I'm very much looking forward to the sequel.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|there are plenty of reviews telling you why it's good but just so its fair and balanced here's whats wrong with it.    A sequel would ruin the whole thing.    I'm serious Joss did too good a job concluding the series while there are unanswered questions I truly believe it would wreck things to make another film.
1401302378|5.0|I am not much of a business mind but I think I get the picture here. Instead of twenty percent of the product bringing in eighty percent of the revenue ninety- eight percent of the product is going to bring in all the revenue. Having so much available, and having ready access to it means sales no longer concentrate on a relatively few items. Freedom of choice abounds, niches multiply, Alvin Toffler is happy, future shock is no longer shocking, customization is here forever, and we all can have anything we want as long as we are able to pay for it.<br />Good. But I think of this in another way. Does this mean that 'value' also will not be centered as we ordinarily center it in the great works, the masterpeices, the few chosen ones? Does it mean our whole conception of valuing cultural goods will change, and a few big things will be less worshipped while many more appreciated? In other words will deTocqueville be happy here because 'equality' is in the saddle and mankind has many little good things, instead of the aristocracy only having a few?<br />And what does that mean for creators of culture? As a writer can I now happily post my unpublished writings with the thought that perhaps a few will read them, where before none did. In other words a moneyless long- tail is still a long- tail.<br />I don't know. But I do sense Anderson has hit on to a new truth here which will have all kinds of implications better business people than me will have to see.
B000FA57RG|4.0|Enjoy Madonna's energy in her songs and use it on my MP3 player for my morning walks. This one had many unsatisfying songs.
B000PY52EU|4.0|well Samuel L. Jackson should get something for his great acting of a blues man who's wife just left him and he's trying to save a sex crazy girl (ricci) by chaining her inside so her demon will not tempt her.<br />this film has great casting, great story (never been done, great directing.<br />a must see for all the people who want to see something different
B000R4SMCW|3.0|saw this film recently and it held my attention,but you knew that Anthony Hopkins was gonna steal the role. he has that vibe that he puts  on you early on in a film and you know what is gonna happen next.  this film felt like a few films and or shows over the past several years and it had some interesting moments,but it was pretty predictable. still the character driving element of it made it a interesting film.
B000RJO578|4.0|this film is pretty damn funny, most people will not understand this film because they dont have a movie IQ. a great comedy to watch if IF your not dumb. the reason i say this is because there are alot of people who don't understand what a spoof is ( u know why you are) and so they overlook it.<br />but if u cant understand this then dont bother.
B000EGCITQ|5.0|It's easy to avoid new music because I'm busy backfilling my 60's & 70's Rock, Folk, and Blues library.  I don't listen to much contemporary radio to be exposed.  After I heard a couple of edgy tracks from this album at a friend's house, I bought it on a hunch.  I've been dazzled.  In the 60s and 70s, leading female artists were planting a flag that said they weren't just girls... that they had feelings, hopes, desires, and demanded respect, equality, and recognition.  Pink's message for the 21st century is that there are still skirmishes in the battle, but only knuckle draggers and fools think of women as inferior.  This is a well constructed album that comments on life and modern culture in a soulful, entertaining, and poetic way.  Good music, strong lyrics, great fun.  If you haven't purchased an album recorded in the last 5 years, this would be a great way to catch up with what is good about modern pop music.
B000002UB3|5.0|After listening thru all of this disc for the first time in many, many years two things came to mind:   I could hear the Beatles coming apart, and Paul McCartney was in control.  The songcraft for nearly all these fabulous tracks is remarkable, as each member of the band displayed their deep talents, and the joy of making music.  But many of the songs can clearly be tagged as a 'John Lennon' song, or a 'George Harrison', and especially a 'Paul' song.  His sound and touch and are all over this recording.     So listening to Abbey Road, for me at least, is both a joyous and sad experience.  The band was history.
1592802974|4.0|The book is an excellent read and it was mailed on time and in new condition. I am very pleased with this purchase experience.
B00003CXI1|5.0|I received the movie a day before it was supposed to arrive.  It was in great condition and I am overall pleased with the movie.
0784011680|4.0|I don't care for the light used in this movie.  Rest of the movie is really good.
B000003TAR|5.0|In Utero is one of the best rock albums out there. I don't understand why some people rate it with one or two stars. I think those who did so, don't know what real rock n roll is about. Rock n roll is meant to be raw and uncompromising unlike the pop of backstreet boys and nsync which is slick and smooth in order to sell. Whether it be in Nevermind or In Utero, Nirvana brought the rawness back into rock in a time when rock was becoming too commercial. What i like about In Utero is its rawness and the melody behind all that chaos. If you like raw, punk influenced, rock you will like In Utero. R.I.P Kurt!!!
B0006GAOJA|5.0|This is more than a 'sports' movie. Robert De Niro's Oscar performance as Jake LaMotta is still one of the best movies made. Scorsese helped bring out a very human side of a temperamental boxer who can't keep it together. The trouble in his personal life soon spills over into the ring. Cathy Moriarty and Joe Pesci also give wonderful talent to this story. The crumbling relationship between the brothers is especially heartbreaking when we realize Joey seems to be the last thin thread keeping LaMotta from unraveling. When that thread is lost, all hope for the brother's emotional recovery is lost as well.<br /><br />Chrissy K. McVay - Author
B0000AQS0F|5.0|If you like si-fi then this one is for you.  Done by the maker of Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel, it has the same humor.  This is like old west meets future land.  Not just funny, you really care about the characters.  If you liked the movie (Serenity) then find out how it all started.
B0008KLVG4|5.0|Who could even dip a toe in the water without thinking of Jaws? This movie will endure generations of action/suspense movies no matter how advanced the special effects, and the film is still talked about on beaches by people of all ages. I still get chills when Quint relates the story of being surrounded by sharks and his buddies being taken, one by one, explaining his hatred of sharks. I've watched many scenes over and over and they just get better. There is a scene they cut out that I loved too where Quint torments a kid playing the clarinet. Buy the Anniversary edition and watch some of the features that had to be cut; there's some good stuff there. I watch this DVD at least once every three months...<br /><br />Chrissy K. McVay - Author
B000PHX4VA|5.0|This is as complete a Police compilation as you will find. The sound is great and the tracks are essential. Personally, I think they should have included \\"When The World Is Running Down, You Make The Best Of What's Still Around. \\" That was a great, underrated song. To be honest, I didn't care a whole lot for their \\"Synchronicity\\" album, hence the songs from that album. \\"Every Breath You Take\\" is the best song on that album. But for a complete Police career retrospective, this one is good and the best, to date.     Edit: Actually, I hadn't heard much of the \\"Synchronicity\\" album, since it's release in 1984, so I must say, when I heard many of the songs from that album on this disc, I was reminded of the fact that \\"Synchronicity\\", in fact had some quite good songs. I had remembered them as being bland and of not much substance, I guess because the main song I remembered was \\"Wrapped Around Your Finger\\", a song I'm not particularly fond of. But, actually all of the other songs from that album were pretty good, I must admit, after hearing them again, 23 years later.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|With David Attenborough narrating, the series is extraordinary and the narration is never invasive, but instructive. The US version is narrated by Sigourney Weaver and it is,by contrast, irritating. Buy the BBC version.
B000HT3P7E|5.0|How I Met Your Mother is spot on. It's romantic, and funny without being overly corny. The idea of flashbacks is a great one, and the timing of scenes is excellent. It's easy to want to watch episodes over and over again. A great show.
B00003CXBH|5.0|This is the third time I have purchased this movie.  I love it!  The music is wonderful too!
031236198X|5.0|This is a must read for anybody who is going through change in a company, or life for that matter.  It is a very easy read with big font and one could easily finish reading the whole book in a day.
B000O179EK|5.0|I guess I don't need to say much about the movie.   Apart from being my favorite movie with superb acting of the entire cast (including the dog and the toe) and the incredible dumb and hilarious dialogue which still manages to blow my socks off everytime I watch the movie, this version truly is a must have.   No matter which character you (try to) analyze, they are all insane and ingenious, funny and inspiring (except of course the nihilists...)  The HD DVD transfer is far better than anything that came out before. Brightest colors when needed, good natural ones in the shades, sharp as .... well, you almost cut your feet at the rug that used to tie the room together. Sound is perfect, what is there left to say?  Stranger:\\"Sometimes you eat the bar and sometimes the bar eats you.\\"   The Dude:\\"That some kind of Eastern thing?\\"  Com'on folks, let's go bowling! But only after having watched this one, PLEAEAEASE!
B000PFUAO6|3.0|Although I've listened to a lot of progmetal during the last twenty years (think of a few interesting bands such as Mastermind or Magellan in the recent times for example) substantially I share the same thought as Erik Neuteboom and Joey Kelly: I don't criticize the technical approach of D.T., whose solos are often outstanding, but rather I'm not fond of their way to compose  as well as of the music colours They use...their suites, often lacking such an important dynamic mood that I need as a classical composer (the loud but also the soft tones within the same tune, I mean...), begin to annoy me after 20 minutes of solos; moreover Jordan Rudess  on keyboards doesn't make me change idea about their music project all along their career...that's a certain sense of tiredness, though the present \\"S.C.\\" is generally regarded as their best album since \\"Six Degrees\\" and their execution is often stunning as well, after all!  Nevertheless - in my opinion - They need some fresh new music ideas to make a renewal of their old project or should think of exploring new territories (like in the albums by L.T.E. for instance). Otherwise if They don't try to change route, their music will be cloned by themselves forever as a continual loop and naturally their albums become automatically boring.     At the end - if you're a prog metal fan - you couldn't stay too much far away from \\"S.C.\\"; otherwise you could look forward hearing something new...I let you decide, as usual!
B0000025L0|4.0|THIS CD HAS A NICE BLEND OF FUNK, JAZZ, ROCK, AND CLASSICAL MUSIC THAT CAN SPEAK TO ANYONE.  THE BEST STANLEY CLARKE ALBUM WAS \\"JOPURNEY TO LOVE\\"  (WITH SOME INCREDIBLE BGUITAR PLAYING BY JEFF BECK ON IT), BUT THIS ONE COMES IN SECOND,EXCEPT OF COURSE FOR ANY OF THE OLD STANLEY CLARKE/GEORGE DUKE PROJECT STUFF, WHICH IS ALSO GREAT.  SCHOOL DAYS DISPLAYS STANLY'S RANGE OF TALENT IN DIFFERENT GENRES OF MUSIC.
6304698690|5.0|This master piece addresses many levels of our mind and heart at once. It carries a basic moral lesson that unconditional love heals.It is however much more powerful than that. It engages a (perhaps more mature ) reader into archetypal realms of the mind at large, where we all seek 'our own key', that will open the door to our personal and collective 'hidden' inner sanctuary, haven and place of profound inner healing.<br />I highly recommend this book for children ( of all ages) with a chronic or  physically debilitating illness, when they are feeling most isolated and alone. It offers hope, the potential to 'really  believe'  in their own possibility of healing..on many levels. Plus the more simple joy, of a magical tale one just might get delightufully lost in for while ...emerging with new sparks of imagination.
B0000028TN|5.0|THIS ALBUM WAS RECRODED DOWN IN BRAZIL IN THE LATE 1970'S SO OF COURSE IT WOULD INCLUDE THE GREAT FLORA PURIM AND HER HUSBAND PERCUSSIONIST EXTROADINNAIRE, AIRTO MOREIRA (AN ORIGINAL MEMBER OF WEATHER REPORT, THE ULTIMATE \\"WORLD MUSIC\\" BAND ), AS WELL AS MARIO BAUZA, WHO IS ALWAYS INCREDIBLE.  THE ONLY ONE MISSING IS MILTON NASCIMENTO, WHICH WOULD HAVE GIVEN THIS CD SEVEN STARS INSTEAD OF THE FIVE I AM GIVING IT. YOU WILL LOVE THIS CD, I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE OR WHAT KIND OF MUSIC YOU LISTEN TO.
B000002C25|4.0|Widely regarded as Oasis's last great album. After the grunge era of the early 90's ended abruptly with the deafening sound of a shotgun blast, Manchester area band Oasis and other Britpop contemporaries quickly rose to the top of the UK charts. Oasis's life affirming song themes and major key hard rock ballads sharply contrast the angst ridden grunge sound while at the same time manages to be worlds apart from 80's glam and hair metal. Although both of their sounds are quite different, i believe Oasis's albums can to a certain extent be directly compared to Nirvana. Definitely Maybe and Bleach are good debut albums but sound rather primitive compared to latter releases by the two groups. For what its worth, Definitely Maybe is a far better debut than Bleach. Morning Glory and Nevermind are both band's most popular works that approach moments of bubblegum confectionery pop. These very accessible albums offer singable and memorable melodies on the very first listen. After the success of the subsequent albums both bands decided to release harder edged material, surprisingly containing all new songs rather than rehashed b sides. Much to critics and fan's disappointment Be Here Now contains very few immediately likable songs, and there are no \\"Don't look back in anger's\\" or \\"Wonderwalls\\" to be found here. That being said, this is certainly the kind of album that warrants repeated listening. Layers upon layers of distorted guitars adorn just about every song in a rather spectoresque manner, including the two ballads \\"Don't go away\\" and \\"Stand by me\\". A darker, angrier Oasis sound is heard on tracks such as the southern bluesy \\"Fade In/Out\\" and Do ya know what i mean\\". I urge avid britpop fans not to automatically shun this album due to harsh critics and Noel Gallagher's own condemnation of the disc as \\"Guys in the studio on coke\\". Unfortunetly Oasis did not have the \\"privilege\\" of dying out in their prime and since has released relatively lackluster poppy albums  comparable to anything Weezer has released after Pinkerton. Yet another unfortunate circumstance happens to be that youth is a key element of the rock and roll appeal. So until the next great musical revolution occurs, put in this album and enjoy the fresh, exciting, and optimistic sound of 94-97 oasis/britpop.
B000RJO578|1.0|I loved Shaun of the dead as well as the british tv show Spaced that these guys did, so I was looking forward to this movie. I don't know what happened.  This movie was not funny at all.  I almost never stop watching a film before its over even if it is bad, but this one I didn't care to waste more time watching it in pain waiting for something to redeem it.  The reviewers that like this film, I would really like to talk to because I cant understand how someone could enjoy it.
0871137380|5.0|This book is great. It tells about the Battle of the Black Sea extremly well with several different perspectives. From stories of some of the Delta opperators to the Habr Gidr clan members fighting them, this book tells it very, very well. Only Flags of Our Fathers rivals Black Hawk Down. If you like combat books, I highly recommend this book.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|I opted this flash over the bigger 600 or 800 models because of the size.  Only difference is when you rotate the camera, there is no way to rotate the flash.  However, it has given me wonderful indoor shots - much better than the on camera flash gave me.
0061122416|5.0|This book provides a clear perspective on the great journey of life. Furthermore, the reader will gain a deeper understanding of the obstacles past/present/future that may interfere with one's progression along their own path. Simply stated this book will enable the reader to become more aware of the many choices we make every day and how they affect the outcome of our life. I can not recommend this book high enough for anyone who seeks to understand and improve their own life.    Enjoy this book in good health and great love.
B000FBGBPC|5.0|Three Days Grace has created another phenomenal album.  One-X is thick with heavy, urging melodies.  The vocals bring to life the dark lyrics.  Anger and heartbreak bleed through every line.  The intensity of this album is amazing.  I also recommend the following product links... [[ASIN:B00009YXGH Three Days Grace]] and [[ASIN:B000FI8M1Q Strung Out on Three Days Grace: The String Quartet Tribute]] which really highlights how haunting their music really is.
0345494997|4.0|I was a little skeptical of this novel at first ... I was worried it would be a lurid tell-all.   What a relief to read a book that focused on the internal struggles of a woman in the early 1900s trying to follow not only her heart but her own interests and the price she was forced to pay to do so.  How many of us, even today, could do what she did ...would we want to?  These are not individuals to be held up as examples of family values....matter of fact, I didn't like them at all. Yet it was fascinating to read of the choices these two made completely out of step with the norms of their time and how others around them were affected and chose to handle the consequences of FLW and Mamah's actions.  If FLW never entered Mamah's life, would she have remained with Edwin and her children never to pursue her work with Ellen Key?  Was Ellen's influence a direct response to the situation she found herself with her relationship to FLW?  These are questions ripe for book clubs.  The research involved in this project was impressive...weaving documented fact with fiction. I feel the author did a great job capturing the internal struggles that Mamah must have been going through.  As I started the book I thought the title referred to the affair between Mamah and FLW ...how and why they came to love each other.  However, after finishing this book, I believe the title was a reference to the costs to those affected by `Loving Frank'...which was much more interesting.
B000AMJDHY|5.0|Wow! What a fun album.  I've never heard anything like it.  The songs are filled with wild lyrics that tell stories in a really interesting way.  The lead singer has a great voice and I love how it overlaps itself in some of the songs.  The music flies by with breakneck speed.  This album could never become boring.  Everytime I hear it, I can't help but get up and dance.  Panic! at the Disco is one of the most clever and original bands I've ever heard.  I can't wait for their next album.
1594489505|5.0|Kite Runner for women!  He did a great job following Kite Runner with another riveting tale from modern Afghanistan.  Mothers may appreciate it more than fathers.  My husband said it was the most depressing book, ever!  I loved it.
0689842449|4.0|My son has been fascinated with this book.  He understands so much more than I gave him credit for.  He's only 2.5 years old, but he's EXTREMELY verbal and very bright when it comes to books.  However, I agree with the english teacher/mommy that it is NOT for the average toddler.  I think a bright preschooler or for the child who is fascinated with plants and flowers, it is quite appropriate.  I can see an OLDER child in first, second or third grade getting more out of it science wise, but that doesn't mean that a toddler can't enjoy it.  I remember reading books and understanding more and more of the details as I got older, which made it a \\"new\\" book for me with each passing year, if that makes sense.  I re-discovered the story or read it in a new way with more life experience with which to process it.  So with that in mind, I think it's a terrific book overall.  I do not find it at all disturbing that a seed should drown or burn up.  It's a fact of life that seeds don't all survive.  If you think of it in terms of humans, sure it's disturbing, but I think that's a paralell that cannot and will not be drawn by a toddler, preschooler or even a young elementary school child.  In my view, the English teacher is reading too much into that and reading the book from the viewpoint of an adult with a whole lot more life experience.  HOWEVER, I totally agree that the book ends abruptly, which is why I add my own ending when I read it to my child which goes something like this, \\"and off the seeds sail in the wind to hopefully become beautiful plants and flowers NEXT spring.  The end.\\"  I'm kind of surprised nobody told Eric Carle or his publisher that the ending was too abrupt.  But it's not a big deal.  Eric Carle's biggest hits with my son have been \\"Head to Toe\\", \\"The Very Hungry Catepillar,\\" and \\"Brown Bear, Brown Bear,\\" as well as this title. The rest have been a flop.  Luckily we check them out at the library and do a test run on them first. :)
B000O599ZS|5.0|A classic film about human emotions regardless of genre and on the same footing as Casablanca.
0143038419|1.0|I don't get the hype. This was truly awful stuff. Someone in our book group pointed out that Liz Gilbert's other books were well received but I'm not inclined to read any of them: nothing about this author's style appealed to me and I definately don't trust the reviewers when it comes to her work.
B000031XBQ|5.0|I had purchased this item on tape years ago and decided that I wanted to purcase it on DVD.  To me, this is the greatest DVD I own.
0823023494|5.0|I teach character design and have found this book to be invaluable. My students love it. Its a really straight forward and practical book. Great drawings, fun assignments. Can't say enough good about it. My only complaint is the poorly designed cover which initially turned me off when I saw it on the shelf at the local bookstore. Animation books seem to make a habit of having aweful covers...but as the old saying goes...
1400032717|4.0|You'll either love it and can't put it down, or hate it and attribute it to poor authorship, as reflected by the other ratings and reviews.  I'm in the former camp.  It is understandable that some won't like it because the book doesn't follow it's own plot.  The harshest critics of this book are people who are biased by a lack of knowledge about autism.  For example, people who point out that the main character has inconsistent emotions don't understand that autistic peoples' emotions can fluxuate according to varying blood chemistry.  Since 85% of all autistics are under the age of 18, people need to begin to take out the time to understand autism better, and this is an easy way to start.  (I have one boy with full-blown autism and one boy with asperger's so it was forced rudely upon me).
0553382179|5.0|First of all love this book! It lets me know that I am not the only Sidetracked House Executive (also known as SHE). Great tips!! Still working on it, but it has got me flying in the right direction!!
B00005JO9J|5.0|The item arrived within two weeks, which is very good for an international order, and was in excellent condition. I'm very satisfied.
0316067598|4.0|I agree that this book was really good, but then i have to say that it was actually the story.  The writing style of whoever put the book together and edited it was awful.  It was obvious that the author had no idea anything military or outdoors.  the weapons are 223 and 556 mm?  caliber you were trying to say?  anyways, excellent story, but the editing and authoring was terrible most of the time....
B000002UTY|5.0|I waited to buy this live album, for whatever reason....DO NOT make the same mistake!!!! This album definitly ranks up there with my favorite live rock albums...The guitar playing takes you to a higher level.
0393061310|5.0|I learned that you cant lasso a zebra because they are too smart and even if you could, it would eventually bite your face and not let go.  Also if you do it to a sheep you could get really sick.
0375831002|5.0|I listened to the unedited audio version of the book - the first and only book I ever listened to.  It was so gripping and I was so transfixed that all anyone around me saw was me with my headphones on - at home, at the gym on walks with my dog.  What I was doing was listening to the best book in years.  Despite the backdrop being the Holocaust with all the bleakness that conjures and a young girl as the protagonist, this book is utter poetry.  The characterizations are so precise, you come away not only feeling you know these people but caring so much about them. The clever use of Death as the narrator and it's viewpoint evokes an odd stroke of empathy.    There are morals to this tale throughout.  I'm convinced everyone will come away with something after reading this book.    The unedited audio version consists of 11 CDS.  I borrowed it but I plan to buy my own along with the book because this isn't only a must-read, it's a must-keep!!!
B00005JPKE|4.0|From the American side, the battle always seen as dangerous but the average US soldier thought that he was going to live though it. From the Japanese soldiers view, they were dead man. They did not expect to survive. Still they fought to the end.    The film explains the battle well as is the strategic position that Japanese faced. I though the acting was reasonable although not brilliant. The characters well developed. I think the acting let it down a bit.    The filming is good.     It shows that Japanese troops with as the write up said with strength, honour and courage. Still it is a shame in his earlier movie \\"Flags of our Fathers\\" Clint Eastwood did not use his talent to show the American troops going though similar suffering in that battle with these virtues too.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This is the BEST HD transfer I've seen to date.  Simply put, it is my reference disk(s) for those who want to know how stunning HD can be.      Too bad the mass market movie studio's can't understand what great HD transfer means.  Maybe someday, and especially if products like this keep hitting the market.    Thank you BBC!    --D
0385338902|5.0|I am so glad I discovered Jonathan Tropper with Book of Joe.  His newest book did not disappoint.  His writing style is very easy, and the story is great.
1594489505|5.0|This book is so sad and tragic but so beautifully written that you miss the characters when you're finished with the book!
0449227421|5.0|Maybe somebody will find te first 100-200 pages too slow. Well I think they are a very clever and light-to-bear outline of life in the Middle Ages. Edulcorated: maybe. Used inside a fiction, so impossible to be completely faithful and to span the life of a man from every point of view, yet close enough to grasp the challenges and the habits of life at that time. After that, the plot is mastered as probably only this great writer can do.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Always enjoyed the pumpkins. Mostly listened to Mellon Collie and some of the newer ones.... A few months ago (I am not making this up!), I noticed Siamese Dream on my CD shelves and popped it in. I have not stopped listening. I am serious, this album is the best, fantastic tunes, great variety. I can't get it out of my head... It's addictive.
0440214041|4.0|Very interesting plot, just probably a little bit unrealistic in certain passages, but awesome in the way the plot is progressively revealed and the truths behind the machinations investigated by the main characters are unveiled. Also, very interesting legal component.
0375758992|2.0|I don't know if I'm more shocked at the content of this work, or the positive reception it has received from those who are not concerned by the author's blatant, unapologetic racism, besides her alarming sadistic streak.  I ask those who voted this book more than two stars if they would give 5 stars to a book written by a black man who joyfully recalls listening to the floggings of white girls, and gloats over their tear-stained faces and welts.  If you would not vote such a book 5 stars, I spit on you and your blatantly sexist racism.  Read this book if you want to understand the underlying causes of the Zimbabwean farm invasions, and the reason why men from Southern Africa have a tendency to be violent.<br /><br />Alexandra Fuller, I can assure you that all of us working for child welfare, fighting child abuse in all its forms (even when it's only boys being abused, not girls) plus all those fighting racism, would do everything in our power to watch and listen to YOU being flogged, the welts on YOUR backside, and your tearful reactions, as well as all those who enjoyed this hateful work.  Then perhaps you'd realise what a cushy role you found yourself in, not only being a white person, but a woman too, a guarantee of immunity from floggings, a 3 year military service, plus the comfiest status in the land.  No, you don't deserve an iota of sympathy from normal people - it's the flogged children in your book, the Africans with no life and future who deserve our empathy, not some spoilt individual who doesn't seem to realise how lucky she was.  I strongly suspect that were we to do a gender reversal in this book, changing the genders of every person in it, a lot of those who proclaim their love for this disgraceful work would reject it - and demonstrate the typical gender hypocrisy of our so-called equal society.
006074815X|5.0|Intriguing and breath-taking as Ken Follett is, a great thriller, with a very charismatic and well outlined woman character, and a realistic spy whose personality unfolds as the plot proceeds. A must read.
1844137864|5.0|Banksy is one of the artists who elevates graffitti into a true artform. It's political, satirical, sometimes lyrical and often very pointedly amusing. This book contains some of the bext pieces done all over the world. The work that goes into planning and executing these works is staggering. Very engaging and an ideal gift for any artist or art fan.
0671027387|4.0|No doubt (for me :) ) this is the best book by Brown. As the writer has matured, his books have evolved from pretty much a movie storyboard descriptor to a more complex and well managed fiction, more rooted in history and technology. This book presents realistic characters, and notably hinges on a column of the American society, namely the need to believe in the institutions. To read.
0143038419|3.0|I think this book is as popular as it is because of its attractive cover. Not to say it isn't an enjoyable read, because it is. Gilbert writes well and is often engaging and funny. I love traveling along to Italy, India and Indonesia and experiencing these beautiful places. In many ways this book spoke to me: I could relate well to her painful experience of divorce; enjoyed her well-articulated observations about Italy and the Italians' special regard for pleasure; appreciated how she presents her ashram experience and the wisdom she gains from it to her western audience; and enjoyed all of the many literary references and quotes she incorporates. It's an intelligent, funny, and sometimes rewarding read. And at times it shows real potential for depth; in the end, however, this book is more of an enjoyable beach read than a serious book about spiritual transformation. And this is my only disappointment--Rather than applying what she learns on her journey to any larger scope of meaning, Gilbert's focus remains always and only on herself. Also the stark contrast between her own class privilege and many of the people she meets in India and Indonesia is disturbing, and her failure to acknowledge, never mind provide the slightest bit of critical commentary about, such glaring factors is disappointing. (Yes, we might all find enlightenment with a book advance that would fund a year of travel to \\"eat, pray and love\\" our way through three countries, as she does!) For more serious treatment by a spiritual seeker who successfully connects his personal experience to a larger spiritual context, read Janwillem van de Wetering's ~The Empty Mirror~ or ~A Glimpse of  Nothingness~. Otherwise, head for the beach, fasten your seatbelt and enjoy the ride with Gilbert.
B000TM1CL0|5.0|James Woods is a classic actor and we are lucky to have him on a weekly Television Series. He reminds me of David Caruso's 1st (and only) Season on NYPD Blue--he develops all the characters around him--he makes them better too. His interaction with all, including his daughter and the emotions and feeling he displays through out show what an excellent actor he really is. The new Perry Mason?? Slick, well written show with everything revolving and hinging around Woods performance. I'm not sure how long the daughter thing can go on--maybe limit this role further vs. eliminating it. Great cast, Better show. Woods is a real smart a__ with sly humor and he's simply brilliant in this role. Enjoy!!
B00005ATQF|5.0|Stanley Kubrick is without a doubt one of the greatest directors in the history of American cinema.  While it's debatable whether or not this film can truly be considered a masterpiece (although most males between the ages of 18 - 45 will tell you it is) it is however an unforgettable one.  I remember the first time I saw this, I had trouble sleeping that night.  It's one big adrenaline rush from the moment this film begins with the boys at bootcamp to it's shocking, disturbing ending.  It's absolutely  riveting!  I can't recall 116 minutes (the film's length) going by so fast.  And this, is mainly because of Kubrick's amazing directing.<br /><br />The film can also boast of some excellent acting performances, particularly by Matthew Modine (Pvt. Joker), R. Lee Ermey (Gunny Sgt. Hartman), Arliss Howard (Pvt. Cowboy) and my personal favorite the very underated Vincent D'Onofrio as poor old Private Pyle, Gunny's personal whipping boy.  Fans of D'Onofrio's work on the T.V. drama \\"Law and Order: Criminal Intent\\" may have one hec of a time recognizing him at least fifty pounds heavier and playing the role of a dim-witted simpleton.  It's a role in stark contrast to that of the mastermind police detective Robert Goren which he has become famous for.  However, that's the beauty of Vincent as an actor, these two characters are 180 degrees apart from each other, yet D'Onofrio nails both roles, almost as if he was born to play both.<br /><br />It's also interesting to note, that before Lee Ermey became an actor he was an actual staff sergeant in the Marine Corps for over ten years.  I saw an interview with him once where he was asked if his role in this film wasn't a bit exaggerated.  Before he replied, he let go a big, sardonic smile, and said \\"Are you kidding?\\"  In other words, he was a hell of a lot worse in real life than the role he played in this film.  SCARY!  Who in God's name would ever wish to endure such abuse (of course they had no choice back then)?  I guess you have to be a special type of human being to volunteer for the Marines.  A much tougher, thicker-skinned cat than I am that's for sure.  Thankfully so, because whether some of us wish to admit it or not, we need people like that in today's crazy world.<br /><br />The film's music is excellent as well, with many songs composed by Abigail Mead, who is actually Vivian Kubrick, Stanley's daughter.  In closing, this movie is gritty, and real, and apolitical (which is kind of nice for a change), and with Kubrick behind the wheel, well you know that it's got to be pretty great.<br /><br />I am already starting to miss the great director...<br /><br />A further aside:  A good friend of mine, an old hunter/fisherman and Vietnam Vet Marine and I were having a couple of snorts of whiskey the other night and I asked him what he considered to be the most realistic film ever made about the Vietnam War.  He told me that without a doubt it was this one - Full Metal Jacket!  If that doesn't add some credence to this film, I don't know what does...  So enjoy!  You won't forget or regret it!special type of human being to volunteer for the Marines.  A much tougher, thicker-skinned cat than I am that's for sure.  Thankfully so, because whether some of us wish to admit it or not, we need people like that in today's crazy world.    The film's music is excellent as well, with many songs composed by Abigail Mead, who is actually Vivian Kubrick, Stanley's daughter.  In closing, this movie is gritty, and real, and apolitical (which is kind of nice for a change), and with Kubrick behind the wheel, well you know that it's got to be pretty great.      I am already starting to miss the great director...     A further aside:  A good friend of mine, an old hunter/fisherman and Vietnam Vet Marine and I were having a couple of snorts of whiskey the other night and I asked him what he considered to be the most realistic film ever made about the Vietnam War.  He told me that without a doubt it was this one - Full Metal Jacket!  If that doesn't add some credence to this film, I don't know what does...  So enjoy!  You won't forget or regret it!
0618711678|5.0|A masterful work.  Hochschild outlines an entire world duped by charms and charming sentiments.  Millions perished while Leopold gains wealth untold.  Maiming, murder, mayhem and the crooked world of Presidents, Kings and Congresses.  Leopold mastery of the world stage lasted decades.  Long term lessons on how governments manage what is perceived to be the gospel truth.  Hochschild deserves high recognition for this introduction into the world of tycoons and titans plundering a nation in the name of Christianity.  Hochschild's assessment of current Zaire affairs are disturbing.  Cobalt, uranium and a host of lesser necessities available to the of best armed encampments from the native riches of this African country.  The plunder continues
1594200823|4.0|Pollan did an excellent job in researching the book.  It is a story of my life since I have seen the transition from farmers living off 160 acres to corporate farming which consists of either hundreds, sometime thousands, of corn and soybeans, or, animal and poultry confinements. An entire rural culture has changed over the last sixty years.  What Pollan says in his book is sadly true.  We may see more people returning to the country-side to be hunter-gatherers but odds are against.  Omnivore's Dilemma is a good read.
1577314808|5.0|I love this book!  Eckhart Tolle has a wonderful way of describing the magic of living in the present moment.  He speaks about \\"watching\\" the mind and stepping out of resistance patterns.  It is so great to learn that I am not the voice inside my head!  Now I listen to the conversations that go on inside my mind and I don't have to take them seriously or make them mean something.  Most of my thought processes - especially the self-doubting ones - simply are not true.  What a relief!<br /><br />I have also learned this from Ariel and Shya Kane, in their books \\"Working on Yourself Doesn't Work\\" and \\"How To Create A Magical Relationship\\".  These books are amazing!  The power of now is easy to access with their simple technology.<br /><br />This is the second time I have read \\"The Power Of Now\\".  In between these readings, I discovered Ariel & Shya Kane.  As I reread Eckhart Tolle's book for the second time, it was exciting to recognize that I live my life presently - with consistency.  I experience the magic that he writes about.  Eckhart describes the beauty of the moment and the Kanes supply the \\"How To\\" get into the moment.  These books work well together.  Thanks to authors like the Kanes & Eckhart Tolle, anything is possible!
B000PTYP5C|3.0|This isn't a horrible album as some would have you believe, but nor is it the masterpiece which many claim.  In my opinion, Dream Theater will probably never release an album as good as Images and Words or SFAM.  Train of Thought was pretty good, and Octavarium was mediocre.  Systematic Chaos is similar to Train of Thought, but maybe slightly weaker overall.  Fans of that album will probably enjoy this album, whereas fans of DT's older classics such as I&W, SFAM, Awake, etc., will probably be somewhat disappointed.    For me, the album sort of alternates between strong, successful songs and weaker, more mediocre ones.    The first two tracks, In The Presence of Enemies pt.1 and Forsaken are of the better variety.  The former is a catchy, melodic (but not too heavy) intro to the album with a nice emphasis on instrumentation.  Forsaken is the shortest track on the album, and also the catchiest.  Surprisingly, it has a very mainstream sound to it, but ends up being one of the album's better tracks.  There's some spooky, cool keyboard playing thanks to Jordan Rudess, some rather restrained guitar soloing by Petrucci, and the classic Labrie singing style that DT fans have become used to.    The next two tracks are probably my two least favorite on the album.  Constant Motion is really quite shameful and only has a few redeeming moments, whereas The Dark Eternal Night is generally silly and goes nowhere.  It isn't that I don't like heavy music--I love heavy music, as long as it is done right.  I honestly don't think that extremely heavy music suits DT very well.  They're better at handling sweeping, prog-rock epics with touches of metal strewn throughout.  The Dark Eternal Night tries too hard to be heavy and riff-oriented, but comes across as very bland.    Repentance is the next step in Portnoy's alcoholic cycle of songs that begin with The Glass Prison and This Dying Soul.  You'll recognize some riffs, but the song is mostly original.  It's also not a bad song.  It features James LaBrie singing in a way that is actually quite pleasant, and the song manages to build tension nicely as it goes along.  The mood and volume is kept mostly calm throughout and never really rocks out.  It's somewhat of a ballad, even if its length is rather epic.  The subject matter/lyrical content is a little bit melodramatic, as are the spoken monologue samples (think The Great Debate, only related to Alcoholism).  I give the band credit for holding back a little bit here and not giving into their desire to shred aimlessly for several minutes, but the song can get boring in spite of itself.      Prophets of War is another shorter track, which might be the most straight-ahead rock song on Systematic Chaos.  It's quite different to what DT normally attempts, and for this, the song deserves recognition.  Others generally seem to dislike this song, but I think that it's definitely better than Constant Motion and The Dark Eternal Night, even if it isn't the greatest on the album.  The chorus is surprisingly anthemic, and the verse (along with the keyboard work) reminds me a lot of Muse.  Unfortunately, the lyrics are not exactly great, as with the rest of the album.  The song sounds very nu-metallish around the 4 minute mark when Portnoy decides to take over on the vocals.  Not a good idea.     The Ministry of Lost Souls - Here's a long song that is one of the higher points on the album.  It's pretty similar to a lot of the material found on Train of Thought, though it's probably more melodic and less metal, overall.  Doesn't exactly break new ground for Dream Theater, but it's a very solid song that is worth listening to.  That being said, it doesn't come close to In The Name of God, Home, Octavarium, or other DT epics.  For this album, it is good, however.    In the Presence of Enemies Pt.2 - The second \\"half\\" of this epic song is quite different from the first, aside from a few main riffs/themes.  It gets quite a bit darker and heavier, and honestly shares very little with the first part.  Some don't like the \\"Dark Master\\" chorus, but I think it's actually pretty good.  The entire song is quite menacing and edgy, not to mention catchy.  To me, this might be the best song on the album, and makes Systematic Chaos that much more worthwhile.  There's the usual instrumental section in the middle that some people love, but I'm actually getting quite sick of.  It sounds like they revamped material from their previous albums, which is essentially what they did.  During the last few minutes, they tie the song together with a theme from the beginning of the album.    So, if you ask me, the songs on Systematic Chaos are essentially broken into three categories:    There are the \\"bad\\" tracks, which I generally don't enjoy listening to and consider a failure on the band's part.  In this category are Constant Motion and The Dark Eternal Night.  Approximately 16 minutes of bad tracks.    Then there are the \\"mediocre\\" songs, which I generally don't mind listening to, and can find some redeeming qualities in.  They aren't terrible, but they're certainly not great.  In this category are Repentance and Prophets of War.  About 17 minutes constitute the album's mediocre portions.    Finally, there are the \\"good\\" songs.  Thankfully, the good portions of the album do take up more time than the mediocre or bad parts, but there still isn't enough, if you ask me.  These \\"good\\" songs are not great, but they're good, by DT standards.  Forsaken, In The Presence of Enemies Pt's 1&2 and Ministry of Lost Souls are the album's good pieces.  That's 46 minutes of music that could be considered good.    Keep in mind that there isn't a Dream Theater classic on the album.  Even the good tracks are generally only about an 8 to an 8.5 out of 10.  This album is not a DT masterpiece, and is probably evidence that the band has reached its peak and will only get worse with time.  Maybe I'm just getting sick of them, but it's more likely that they're running out of ideas and keep recycling the same material without matching the quality of their earlier recordings.    ToT was good, Octavarium was mediocre, and Systematic Chaos is similarly mediocre.  Certain tracks are worth listening to every now and then, but it's generally not a very satisfying album.
1594489505|5.0|Khaled Hosseini has given the reader a peek into the culture of Afghanistan and the cruel wars that have rattled the people there for countless years, from the Soviet occupation and war with the mujahideen to the Taliban.   The characters are developed richly as the author narrates a wonderful story of friendship, love, betrayal and a tremendous amount of anguish.    I was very moved by the story and I enjoyed the book immensely.  The story will stay with me for a long time.  Enjoy!
1596912855|1.0|I was so excited to read this most recent publication of Mrs. Hale's as I have so much enjoyed her other books.  I was sadly disappointed.  The richness and depth of her other stories was absolutely missing .  It felt like I was reading a romance novel written by a teenager trying to sound like a grown up.  She did her timeperiod research and referred to Jane Austen's books accurately.  But, I felt her storyline was weak and very transparent.  In many places it felt as though she was trying too hard to make the book sexy or adult.  Whatever the reason, poor word choice or perhaps because I am not used to Mrs. Hale writing trashy love novels, it seemed forced and weak. Parts of it were confusing and difficult to follow.  Overall, I was disappointed and hope that with her next book she will return to the style and type of literature she writes so beautifully.
1594489505|5.0|I absolutely loved this book!  Even though it is fiction, I'm sure there is alot of truth in it.  It gives you a different perspective on life for women in Afghanistan.  It's hard to believe in this day and age that they are treated so badly.  It makes you realize how very lucky you are if you were born in the U.S. and have the freedoms that we take for granted. I loved his first novel, \\"The Kite Runner\\", but loved this even more!!
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|I'm not into this format war thing but, I have a ps3 so I have just purchase 300 on blu ray..... like I said it's not about the format you just gotta see the movie, I thought that every step of this movie was mind blowing if not for the epic battle scenes then just sit back and marval over the C.G landscapes just beautiful so pleasing to the eye drenched in sepia colour, JUST WATCH IT  you will not be disappointed, Any format even if you are still stuck with a VCR.
1416523359|5.0|It took me a few days to really get into this book but  when I did I truly didn't want it to end. Loved it.
0891419063|5.0|Wow!!! Sledge eloquently exposes the misery and ultimate madness of war. We owe much to our brave soldiers. All politicians should read this book to gain a sense of the sacrifice that our soldiers,past and present, have  endured.
0316067598|5.0|From a war nearing the start of its seventh year comes yet another story of extraordinary valor in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds.  Indeed, the tale of Marcus Luttrell and his three SEAL buddies savagely fighting the Taliban and Al Qaeda high in the mountains of northeastern Afghanistan rivals the very best of contemporary war stories, including Mark Bowden's Blackhawk Down and Andy McNabb's Bravo Two Zero.  Ironically, it is the humanity of these highly trained warriors that leads to their desperate battle with the Taliban near the border with Pakistan and, ultimately, to the largest loss of life in Navy SEAL history.<br /><br />Few words can adequately describe the courage of this small SEAL team operating deep in Taliban-controlled Afghanistan and searching for a dangerous Taliban warlord. Once the team's position is compromised, Taliban fighters pour out of mountain redoubts and descend on them like locusts. Badly outmanned and outgunned and defending a tiny piece of treacherous mountain terrain, they fight on against a stubbornly brutal enemy. As the SEALs come under withering fire, they engage the enemy in vicious close combat with deadly effect. Their massed firepower, fire control and discipline, and extreme accuracy result in close to 100 Taliban killed!<br /><br />With three of their team mortally wounded, the SEALs dig in and prepare for the enemy's final assault.  Luttrell's breathtaking account of his buddies' actions in those last furious minutes will forever remain etched in the minds of Lone Survivor readers. For those actions, two of the SEALs were posthumously awarded the Navy Cross, and the third is a candidate for the Medal of Honor.  Luttrell expresses a deep and abiding respect, admiration, and even love for his fallen comrades whose bodies he later helps retrieve. As the only surviving witness, Luttrell himself is ineligible for the Medal of Honor; he instead receives the Navy Cross from President Bush in a ceremony at the White House.<br /><br />The reader is only left to wonder whether medals do not somehow diminish or trivialize the supreme sacrifice of these great Americans.  For their actions in this engagement, they belong in the pantheon of great American combat heroes such as Alvin York and Audie Murphy. But, remarkably, these SEALs are not the only heroes in this amazing story.<br /><br />A testament to the loyalty of this rare breed of men, another team of SEALs without hesitation mounts a dangerous reinforcement mission. Tragically, the helicopter bearing these reinforcements is shot down attempting a risky insertion in the mountains near Luttrell's position, and there are no survivors.  Sixteen special operators perish in the operation, and the team's remaining members, now completely surrounded, realize they will fight on alone.<br /><br />Luttrell survives the final battle with the Taliban fighters, and the balance of the book details his efforts to escape and evade capture. The hunter becomes the hunted in the remaining chapters, and, incredibly, Luttrell is granted \\"lokhay\\", or refuge with a sort of grace and honor, by the Pashtun village tribesmen who find him badly wounded and struggling to survive.<br /><br />The care he receives from these Afghan tribesmen and their efforts to safeguard him from his Taliban and Al Qaeda tormentors are probably the most astonishing part of Lone Survivor.  Thanks to Luttrell's efforts to build rapport and trust with his newfound Afghan friends he is eventually repatriated to special operations forces searching for any surviving SEALs.<br /><br />Patrick Robinson's gifted writing puts the reader in the middle of the action and enables him to experience the combat scenes almost on a visceral level as Luttrell's team fights a thinking, determined enemy. Additionally, the reader is treated to an insider's view of SEAL (BUD/S) training on the beaches of Coronado Island and rugged hills of San Clemente Island, California.<br /><br />Luttrell's indomitable will to survive is beyond most readers' comprehension. Above all else, Lone Survivor is the account of one man's devotion to duty, honor, country and his unshakable belief in the SEAL warrior ethos.  Through Luttrell's thoughtful and thought-provoking commentary, we are able to understand what inspires these great men and why they do what they do. To know the thoughts of a true warrior such as Marcus Luttrell during the height of the global conflict with Islamic extremism is to understand why Americans continue to join this cause.<br /><br />Through Marcus Luttrell's account of Operation Redwing, we learn that men ultimately fight so as not to let their buddies down.<br /><br />Lone Survivor also compels us to think deeply about why we continue fighting in such a remote, unforgiving part of the world that would seemingly hold such little value for us as Americans. As doubtless Marcus Luttrell would agree, it is finally about honoring those who did not survive the battle deep in the Hindu Kush as well as other battles in the Global War on Terror that we remain steadfast and determined in this fight.<br /><br />The SEALs who died in Operation Redwing deserve nothing less...<br /><br />Truly a great tribute to the American Warrior Spirit!ion. Above all else, Lone Survivor is the account of one man's devotion to duty, honor, country and his unshakable belief in the SEAL warrior ethos.  Through Luttrell's thoughtful and thought-provoking commentary, we are able to understand what inspires these great men and why they do what they do. To know the thoughts of a true warrior such as Marcus Luttrell during the height of the global conflict with Islamic extremism is to understand why Americans continue to join this cause.      Through Marcus Luttrell's account of Operation Redwing, we learn that men ultimately fight so as not to let their buddies down.    Lone Survivor also compels us to think deeply about why we continue fighting in such a remote, unforgiving part of the world that would seemingly hold such little value for us as Americans. As doubtless Marcus Luttrell would agree, it is finally about honoring those who did not survive the battle deep in the Hindu Kush as well as other battles in the Global War on Terror that we remain steadfast and determined in this fight.    The SEALs who died in Operation Redwing deserve nothing less...    Truly a great tribute to the American Warrior Spirit!
B000UX6THK|4.0|I'm a huge TP fan, but if all this is going to do is give me a better quality plot, then I might even shine it on. I was more than a bit taken back by the bare bones Season 2 box set when compared to the extras from the Season 1 box. Maybe if there are more details on the extras and they are worth buying this set for, then I'll plunk my money down for it.
0743201140|4.0|The book provides some good insights on individual performance.  Given that many business managers have read the book, at minimum it is useful to understand the language and concepts introduced.<br /><br />A key take away is that a particular strength is developed by a combination of talent, skills, and knowledge.  Talent is one's naturally recurring patterns of thought that is based on how your brain is wired.  According to neuropsychology, this is pretty much fixed by the time one is in his/her teens.  The other two, skills and knowledge can be learned over the course of one's life.  So the key is to determine what one's talents are and develop those to achieve excellence.<br /><br />An interesting read overall.
B000002GQL|5.0|In my personal opinion, this album is a close second to To Our Children's Children's Children, as far as the Moody Blues go.  This album has a unity between songs that is similar to the previously stated album, yet brings a new and different feel.  A perfect CD for any semi-lengthy road trip.
080701429X|4.0|Makes you realise that without goals or objectives we can all sink without a trace
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|After being disappointed by the new star wars movies, I've been a little down on science fiction.  So I passed on the show Firefly when it was on TV and skipped the movie Serenity at the theaters.  When blockbuster was out of the movie I wanted to see, I rented Serenity because it was recommended by some co-workers.  I was hooked.  I now own the Firefly DVD set and both Serenity and Serenity collectors edition.  I was surprised by the depth of the characters and the really fun, quick witted dialog.  This is a really good movie.  Even if you don't like science fiction, there is a lot to like.
0800141660|5.0|This movie has became one of my favorite movies, I think that they really stayed true to the novel by Jane Austen. The characters are so very charming.  Alan Rickman is marvelous in it, He is so sincere and it makes you forget that he plays the greasy Severous Snape in the Harry Potter movies! It is a true romance. I LOVE IT!!!!!
B000HEWEE4|4.0|This movie weaves an intricate web drawing the viewer into this couple's odd relationship.  Twists at the end make it even more unique and worth watching.
0061122416|4.0|The Alchemist is a good parable about following your dreams.  In my opinion,  a novel that has been translated into 60 languages and sold more than 65 million copies worldwide is worth reading.  There are many notable ideas and themes portrayed in the book, such as:<br /><br />\\"When you aspire for something with passion, all the universe conspires to make it happen...\\"<br /><br />\\"There is only one way to learn,...It's through action. Everything you need to know you have learned through your journey.\\"<br /><br />\\"The darkest hour of the night came just before dawn.\\"<br /><br />\\"The secret of happiness is to see all the marvels of the world, and never to forget the drops of oil on the spoon (ie, one's obligations).\\"<br /><br />Wikipedia has this book at #26 on the list of best-selling books of all time.
032147404X|3.0|This is not a book about digital photography.  Well, at least most of the book is not about digital photography.  This book is about taking photographs in general.  And, yes, it does have good tips.  Really though, any camera user would benefit from it if they are a beginner.      If you already know how to compose a photograph using the thirds rule and understand leading lines etc, then this book might be too elementary for you.      I'd appreciate this book more if he went into a little more explanation about why you always take a picture of a flower with F2.8.  He just says \\"If you want it good, put the setting at X\\".  That doesn't help me apply to other situations.  I don't need a long dissertation, but *some* explaining would help a lot.    And, this book fell apart the first day I purchased it.  Literally, pages fell out of it as I was looking at it.
B000QUCNP4|3.0|If you enjoy crime mystery films,you will enyoy this film too.Back in 1986,Robert Graysmith published the best-seller ,'Zodiac'.His sources were loose and his findings were disjointed.Yet,he presented an interesting story about the Zodiac mystery.Evidence gathered by the Vallejo police and FBI was not enough to bring a conviction against Arthur Leigh Allen.The evidence collected, during the 1970s, seemed to link and suggest that Allen was the only prime candidate.By 2002,the advances in DNA forensic science,had rejected the belief that Arthur Allen was the Zodiac killer.All associates of Allen claimed he masterminded the Zodiac caper alone.If Allen was a lone nut mastermind,then how did he enlist the support of others?If Allen had blueberry syrup stains on his sweatshirt,how could he then so neatly arrainge the Zodiac crimes? It seems the Zodiac evidence was planted on Allen,through the years.Arthur Allen's father was a ranking navy man,who may have discharged the real 'Zodiac',during WW2.And the real Zodiac then plotted revenge by framing the killings on the son,Arthur Allen.It seems that Anton LaVey had entered the office of Paul Avery at one point,during the height of the Zodiac events.Avery stated that LaVey had just removed a new Church of Satan member for being 'too devout'.Avery never released the name of this individual.If LaVey had stated it was Arthur Leigh Allen,then one can only assume Lavey was a conspirator and perhaps thee ringleader in the Zodiac crimes.In any event,whoever was the modern mythical Zodiac,this DVD can only be an enchanting sourse of everlasting debate and discussion.I subtracted one star for the film being based on the now discredited Zodiac book,by Robert Graysmith.Graysmith has not retracted his old shaky claims against Arthur Allen,despite the modern forensic proof to the otherwise.And i deleted another star for no documentaries added to this first DVD version.
0875847706|5.0|I've been reading books for years now that are designed to inspire and lead one toward personal growth in relationships, in the workplace, in life in general. I'm a junkie for this kind of book, and therefore I've become somewhat jaded as well, never really expecting anything new but always hoping. What a delight, therefore, to be utterly surprised by THE ART OF POSSIBILITY. This book delivers! The Zanders' approach is revolutionary, shining real light amongst the plethora of jingoistic motivational books that abound these days. There is nothing self-centered or bumper stickerish or rah-rah cheerleady in this book. It has real depth, it never skims the surface or lets us off the hook. Benjamin is conductor of the Boston Philharmonic Orchestra. Rosamund is a painter and therapist. They bring their stunning creativity and imagination into real life -- their lives -- and show us how we, too, can compose and conduct our lives, paint our future. It's an exciting book, one that I've now read three times and underlined and highlighted and excerpted onto sticky notes for my computer and mirror and calendar. No wonder they are being called on to speak to leading business and professional groups.
B000QUEQBI|5.0|Beautiful on my 360 HD-DVD player. Great contract, deep, rich blacks, awesome detail. Good story line and a great HD movie for any FPS gamer, or action movie fanatic.
0143038419|4.0|You might very well think that a book which someone's travels to various countries in order to \\"find herself\\" would not be all that interesting.  In fact, reading the back cover, I shuddered to think about how incredibly bored I was going to be.  But this thing got good reviews, so I thought I'd give it a chance.<br /><br />What makes the difference with this book is not necessarily the subject matter, the interesting locales (in fact, they aren't that interesting), or the revelations.<br /><br />THE WRITING is what makes all the difference in the world.  Gilbert knows how to write.  She knows how to catch your attention and get you to consistently and freely laugh.  She can make you think, and she can paint a character very, very well.<br /><br />Things got weak towards the end of the book, but you have to forgive a little bit, as the author did have some wrapping up to do.  I definitely recommend this book to others, and I plan to purchase copies to give as presents.
1416523359|5.0|For my friends and family members who will only read \\"important\\" literary works, I only wish I could persuade you to read this wonderful novel, which proves, once and for all, that Stephen King is a real WRITER. The intricate manner in which he tells this story defies description. I found it hard to believe that the book was written by a man, because he burrows deeply into the psyche of a woman to tell this tale, which is not so much about Lisey (as another reviewer has pointed out) as it is a story about Scott, her dead husband, ultimately written FOR Lisey.     I agree that the ubiquitous use of Scott and Lisey's secret, intimate language is a bit of an annoyance, but I have never read a book that describes the complexities of an intimate relationship any better, so perhaps it was necessary. Like most eminent authors, King would be difficult to edit, so I am supposing that his editor was a bit intimidated. Too bad. The book would have benefitted from some judicious editing.    I am not surprised that some of the King fans were disappointed in Lisey's Story. It is not a fast-paced horror story. It takes some commitment to get past the first few chapters. But Stephen King is a phenomenally talented writer who has given us another great gift in Lisey's Story.
B00005JLCI|5.0|It was almost worth waiting eleven years to see this masterpiece on DVD at last. No point in critiquing the production itself; others have praised it much better than I can. The transfer to DVD is rich and sparkling, and is a joy to watch. It has been lovingly remastered, and shows the great care that was taken not only with its original filming but with the recreation of it in digital format. This is one I will watch again and again. Highly recommended as the \\"definitive\\" film version of this towering achievement. It still ranks as a high point in Branagh's stellar career. Order it now if you don't already have it!
B000DN5W4I|5.0|I just discovered Joe Bonamassa about 3-4 months ago.  Wow.  A new obsession.  Bonamassa is a great guitar player with a wonderful, clean technique. The slide work at this concert is amazing.    I bought this DVD last week, and it's been playing non-stop on my TV since then.  So much so that I came back today to buy more copies to send to friends and family to introduce them to this fabulous guitarist.  This is an amazing show, with top notch musicians.  Eric Czar on bass is particularly good. Although I understand that this is an old line up for the band.    I'm going to see Joe play live for the first time next month, and I can't wait.  If this DVD is any indication of the type of show I am in for, then I look forward to many more years of guitar obsession with this guy.  If you're into blues rock or guitar masters in general, then this DVD is a must.
B000Q6GXW2|3.0|HD vs BR...who cares. This review is based on the actual movie and not telling you to buy one or the other. It will not matter. The movie is way too grainy in my opinion. I understand that is how the movie was made to look, but I do not recall it lookin that bad in the previews. It is a great movie, but instead of the usual 'looking for the non-HD-like shots in the movie', I found myself instead looking for every shot that did NOT have such a grainy effect. Those parts were impressive, I must say.     Buying it on Blue-Ray OR HD-DVD will make no difference. Quality is NOT better on one over the other. And I for one am not into all the extras anyway except for deleted scenes and bloopers. LOTR is my only exception to this. :) The reason I bought it on HD is because I bought the two-hundred dollar 360 HD-DVD player add-on, not because one is so much better than the other.
B00006AVRK|5.0|I love this series!  Great humor without being vulgar.  The plots are madcap with lots of twists.  You know Jeeves will save the day but you can't imagin how.  It has a great cast of crazy characters.  I will watch them over and over.
0753820250|5.0|Este libro es fenomenal! Si pueden conseguir la edicion especial con soundtrack haganlo!! no saben lo que se pierden!!
0060558121|3.0|American Gods is the kind of book that would be perfect for a long airplane ride, the beach, a stay in the hospital, etc. Neil Gaiman is a marvelous storyteller and weaves a fantastic tale here involving an American mythology of sorts - a war involving the gods that American immigrants brought with them vs. the gods that contemporary Americans have created. It's a compelling story and well told but unfortunately American Gods feels a bit empty once you put it down. The novel comes close to exploring some of the ideas it raises, but fails to do so as it seems uninterested in rising above its fantasy-for-the-masses station. As well, while Mr. Gaiman is a gifted storyteller, his prose and dialog are pedestrian at best. He is good at creating vivid characters, but oddly enough the main character in the novel, Shadow, is flat, lifeless and the book's least interesting character. These are somewhat minor criticisms, however. The real reason to read this is for the awesome mythology it creates and the story it weaves. If you read books for these reasons, order away. If you're more concerned about character, stylish prose and having a better understanding of the world or human condition when you put down a book, save this for the layover in Minneapolis.
B0000TAZAG|4.0|As a look at the John Frusciante years (which are MUCH better than the Hilel Slovak years), this album actually isn't bad at all. However, there are a couple hit songs missing here: notably The Zephyr Song (the one that got me into the group in the first place - why was it left off? It was HUGE back when it came out), Can't Stop (another must-have), Around the World (then again, it gives the listener reason to buy Californication, their best album), and Aeroplane (okay, maybe THAT'S what got me started on the group). The disc had sufficient room to fit these songs: I don't understand why they were left off, and why the average Save the Population (recorded specifically for the album, I believe) was put in their place. Now, you do get several deservedly classic songs, like the ballads Under the Bridge (which requires no further introduction - if you haven't heard it, you've clearly been living under a bridge for a while, and this is coming from the guy who can't tell you what the latest #1 hit is); Breaking the Girl; Californication; the non-album Soul to Squeeze; Scar Tissue; and Road Trippin': as well as some awesome funk-rockers that have been the group's bread and butter since the '80s (Higher Ground; Give it Away; Suck My Kiss; Fortune Faded, which deserves to be mentioned in the same class as the other three), as well as some great stuff that doesn't fit into either category, like Parallel Universe, Otherside and By the Way. While every song on this album but Save the Population is great - even the oft-criticized smash My Friends is, even though it's a cheap Under the Bridge rip-off, simply because it's a good Under the Bridge rip-off - too many key songs are missing. I advise you buy it just the same and pick up copies of Blood Sugar Sex Magik, Californication and By the Way (I don't have One Hot Minute, though I'm familiar with the singles), since all three are good albums anyway and they all have solid tracks to offer that were dropped from this album (Power of Equality, If You Have to Ask, Funky Monks, I Could Have Lied, My Lovely Man and Sir Psycho Sexy on BSSM; Around the World, Savior, This Purple Stain and I Like Dirt on Californication; The Zephyr Song, Can't Stop, Dosed, Minor Thing and Venice Queen on By the Way) - I also recommend their latest, Stadium Arcadium, though it's a bit uneven and a bit costly. Or you could hold out for a two-disc anthology, I guess - the group deserves one after all. Anyway, this is just three (okay, maybe four - forgot how much I liked Warped) missing tracks away from being the ultimate look at the Red Hot Chili Peppers' latest work (not counting key Stadium Arcadium tracks, since this was released a couple years before it): even casual fans should dig a bit deeper, but it's a great place to start.of Equality, If You Have to Ask, Funky Monks, I Could Have Lied, My Lovely Man and Sir Psycho Sexy on BSSM; Around the World, Savior, This Purple Stain and I Like Dirt on Californication; The Zephyr Song, Can't Stop, Dosed, Minor Thing and Venice Queen on By the Way) - I also recommend their latest, Stadium Arcadium, though it's a bit uneven and a bit costly. Or you could hold out for a two-disc anthology, I guess - the group deserves one after all. Anyway, this is just three (okay, maybe four - forgot how much I liked Warped) missing tracks away from being the ultimate look at the Red Hot Chili Peppers' latest work (not counting key Stadium Arcadium tracks, since this was released a couple years before it): even casual fans should dig a bit deeper, but it's a great place to start.
B000TGJ8CQ|3.0|The first thing I have to say about this movie, is bravo to director Lee Tamahori for bringing to life a different idea for a change. While there have been a hundred movies about time travel, or precognition, this particular rendition is unique, and very refreshing.    Nicholas Cage now has a very large body of work in his ever growing resume' of movies, and unfortunately, they have been a mixed bag of nuts at best. I would say that only about 60% of the movies he is in are truly worth watching, but that 60% are very good movies spanning serious roles, comedic, bad guy, good guy, weird guy, ghost, and everything else in-between!    Nicholas is one of those actors that some how just him acting the same way, or just being himself in each movie just works. There are very few actors that can get away with this, and end up with the long careers that Nicholas has had. He has this way about him that is unique, and can just be used over and over and never seems to get old.    \\"Next\\" is a fun, and fast paced movie about a night club magician in Las Vegas who has an unusual act of guessing \\"What will happen next.\\" The only difference with Nicholas's character, Chris Johnson, a.k.a Frank Cadillac, is that his act, is NOT an act. He actually has a real gift. Chris can see into the future a very short amount of time, but enough to where he can effect what happens to him, and his surroundings.     The trouble all starts when an F.B.I. agent Callie Ferris (played by Julianne Moore) finds out about Chris's ability, and talks her superiors into letting her acquire his aid (whether he likes it or not) in trying to thwart a terrorist bomb attack on U.S. soil.     Chris is able to escape the F.B.I.'s attempts to capture him several times with his love interest Liz Cooper (played by Jessica Biel) in tow by simply looking into the future in just enough time to see what their plans are, and precisely at the right moment slip through their fingers.     Eventually the F.B.I. does catch up with him, but not before pulling an amazing split second rescue of the main F.B.I. agent Callie.  There is no real way to describe in words how Chris pulls these stunts off, but the people in charge of the C.G.I. do a fantastic job.  One particular scene that is really mind bending, is towards the end of the movie when Chris, Liz, Callie, and a team of F.B.I. agents are stumbling through a warehouse trying to locate this bomb planted by the terrorist group, and the camera shows Chris splitting himself up in the future a hundred different ways searching through the warehouse trying to avoid booby trap type bombs set to blow up if someone walks past them.     This is about as far as I can take you with regards to the plot without playing the spoiler, so I will end on this note.  Director Lee Tamahori, does manage to pull of a very good over all \\"look\\" and \\"feel\\" to the movie, and overall the movie was very entertaining.  I think if they were to kick things up a notch, they could easily pull off a sequel that would overshadow the first.     My rating for this movie is 7.50 out of 10.00  [..]
0156027321|5.0|An amazing book, all the more fantastic due to the fact that is based on fact.  While the beginning may drag a tiny bit, its not really anything significant.  A great, captivating story for anyone who dreams of adventure and the truth of the unusual
B0001907DA|5.0|This is an outstanding investment.  This DVD Collection can be enjoyed by the whole family.  Feel like staying at home for a weekend?  Grab this great DVD collection, relax on the couch or recliner, pop some popcorn, and get ready for the  laughs!!!  ENJOY!
0141439688|5.0|is Austen's novel which begins with Anne Elliot thinking about a lost love instead of a future love.    Beautifully written, it is a novel that makes readers wonder if there is going to be the \\"characters meet and finally get married\\" ending that is so typical in Austen novels. Anne Elliot is 27, unmarried, and living at home with her father and older unmarried sister who are concerned about appearing more wealthy than they actually are.  When the family is convinced by Lady Russell to rent out their home and move to a more economical space, Anne ends up going to care for her younger sister Mary Musgrove.    Anne's visit with her sister's family becomes uncomfortable once Captain Wentworth becomes a frequent visitor there. Wentworth is the love that Anne regretfully let slip away, having been influenced by her good friend Lady Russell that his social status was inferior to Anne's. Wentworth and Anne are both convinced that their relationship is over and their communication with one another is formal, yet limited.    Anne is not sure what to make of Captain Wentworth's interest with Louisa and Henrietta (Charles Musgrove's sisters), and more than one gentleman takes a romantic interest in Anne. Both Anne and Wentworth distance themselves from each other in an attempt to forget that they ever loved each other.    It is when Anne is away from Wentworth, and at home with her father and sister that she begins to realize how much she loves Wentworth.  She wonders if she is too late, if the chance for love has really passed. Even though she loves Wentworth, Anne is still concerned about what her father and Lady Russell will think of him.    Readers can only speculate as to the ending of the novel, which appears to be more uncertain than the endings in Austen's other novels. The art of persuasion, as well as social status, and the contrasting views of the elders and the youth, makes this novel one of  Jane Austen's best.
0307275639|5.0|This book gave me the chance to look at my life and my goals.  I kept thinking of the line from the song that says, \\"Someday I hope you get the chance to live like you are dying\\".  This book is a quick read and well worth the time spent reading it.
B000Q66QAG|5.0|WOW!!! This video transfer is the best HD-DVD video transfer I think I have had the pleasure of viewing. It is absolutely brilliant, it may not be everyones \\"cup of tea\\" as far as storylines go but you cannot fault the transfers they are fantastic.
B000IZJZLM|2.0|The first two IL DIVO CD's (IL DIVO and ANCORA) contained music from many different sources, and some of the better-known songs were enhanced by IL DIVO's musical arrangements and interpretations.  The SIEMPRE CD, however, contains songs with rather similar-sounding melodies, which results in a surprisingly monotonous sound despite the ramped up attempt by IL DIVO's production engineers to make the sound \\"original.\\"  The effort fails miserably since all songs sound the same, and one is tempted to claim that if you spliced one song into another, it would be difficult to tell where one song ends and another begins. With the exception of a couple of songs that are up tempo, the majority of the songs on SIEMPRE are not only thematically but also musically uninspiring. Even the usually exciting vocalizations by Carlos Marin and David Miller are strangely predictable and bland on this CD. Although I bought many copies of the first two CD's as gifts for friends and highly recommended them to anyone who would listen, after over thirty critical listenings of SIEMPRE (followed by comparative listening of the IL DIVO and ANCORA CD's), it was my conclusion that the third time was definitely not the charm.  Friends to whom I had again sent SIEMPRE were also not as enthusiastic either about the song selection or their execution.  Although I still very much enjoy the first two CD's, I was so disappointed with SIEMPRE that I've given it away.  In my view, SIEMPRE falls flat on one main point in particular -- listenability.  One hopes that their next CD will be more varied and musically less whining than the unfortunately conceived SIEMPRE.
B000001ESP|5.0|My son tells me that he and his teenage buddies were playing Guitar Hero II on X-box and they came across YYZ by Rush.  He said that they were blown away.  He looked through my CD collection but couldn't find it.  That's when I pulled out my vinyl copy in mint condition.  My son had never really listened to the record player before, he couldn't believe how much better the sound was than CD's.    Of course to be realistic I spun some Max Webster just to warm up.  My favourite track is Witch Hunt.
1594489505|5.0|I loved this book.  It helped me better understand the lives of women in Afganistan.  The story of the two women was rivoting.  I learned some history as well.  I liked the use of arabic words.
B000002UB3|5.0|I was a little scared about buying this cd because i didnt know if i was going to like it or not.  But, after listening to it i found that it ranks among my favorite cds in my collection.  I especially like Ringo's Octopus' Garden.  Its a very up beat and happy song. The Fab Four are very much in sync with each other on this album.  Now, there are a few songs on the album that i believe are not up to par with the rest of the songs...but its just my opinion.  If found this album to be very enjoyable and i believe you will too.
B000N6U0E2|5.0|The plot consists of a man who believed the product he was selling was one of easy acceptance and then invested all family's saving account money expecting a good return on the investment, but nothing happened as expected. With no money in hand, his family started to fall apart with his wife departure. Then came all the expected financial struggles: little money to eat and house eviction.<br /><br />Although these issues, and with the precious companion of his lovely kid, this man never lost hope and kept fighting for a better life. He knew he could live better days for being an intelligent person since school and so we could use this as an advantage for himself. The only thing that it was missing was the opportunity of being at the right place, by the right time and with the right person.<br /><br />This is truly a family movie. The kind of we should keep it in the DVD shelf and watch it every time it feels like nothing is going in the right direction. In case we don't remember, life is made up of everyday struggles.
B000001OAA|5.0|This CD never gets old.  I love the sprite on a downer energy of Manson and the infectious rhythms of the music.  It's incredibly dance-worthy and quite amusing with the lyrical S&M overtones.  Pop music that stands up to such comedic and relatable darkness is nothing short of art.  Despite being pop the songs on this release are amazingly crafted, such that even if you didn't listen to the words, the music evokes the feeling they impart.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Definitely worth buying.  Regular DVD format does not do this series justice - it has to be seen on HD.  After seeing the American version on the Discovery Channel, I realize I like the UK version narrated by David Attenborough better.
1594489505|5.0|This story of  Afghanistan has many disturbing parts but the love and friendship displayed by many of the characters  make it a wonderful book to read. The novel begins by relating two seperate stories of two women who later will come together. The reader is exposed to the history of 20th century Afghanistan as well as to the customs.  The emotions experienced by the characters in this novel are universal.War created many tragedies.Despite the evil demonstrated by  some characters throughout this novel, there were many acts of great love and kindness.  This novel is easy to read and the story is well paced .....  August 19th  I had given this novel 5 stars but, thinking it over a few days later, it is really 4 stars. Good but not a classic.
B000OVLBEO|1.0|First off understand that if you have ever read or understand the comic and character of Ghost Rider you will loathe this film.  Aside from the typical Hollywood decisions to dumb down everything that made Ghost Rider unique and exciting (his obsession for bringing revenge against evil men, his interesting powers, demonic origin and existence making Johnny Blaze & Danny Ketch's lives a living hell), the script is terrible.  Ghost Rider as a separate character and Spirit of Vengeance doesn't exist.  He's little more than a monster Johnny Blaze becomes that scares Roxanne resulting in a predictable and utterly trite Beauty and Beast scenario.  Quite simply if you like Ghost Rider before the film, don't watch it.  It sucks and there is absolutely nothing in the film that does justice for the character, save the CGI look which you can just watch the trailer of and save yourself from wasting an hour and half of your life.  But what about the cool special effects you ask?  What about crazy action sequences and amazing stunts?  Well even if you don't even know a thing about Ghost Rider, you will be disappointed through everyone.  The action sequences are not exciting and the fight scenes between the demons (which look like ugly Gothic rejects of some B movie vampire film) consist of the following:  Demon attacks, Ghost Rider starts to be beaten, Ghost Rider then uses powers to instantly destroy said demon.  This review will take you about as long to read as the fight scenes.  Finally the plot is chock full of references to the comics that make absolutetly no sense as they were simply mentioned with no sensible connection to the plot.  Such as Nicholas Cage refering to Ghost Rider as a \\"Spirit of Vengeance\\" with no reason to do so.  So here's where it stands, if you read or like Ghost Rider don't see this movie.  If you have no clue about Ghost Rider, don't see this movie.  This film is on par with the other Marvel Comic film The Hulk and just as bad if not worse.
B00000AFWW|4.0|If you like the scathing frankness of Love's lyrics and the hard hitting sound, this CD is in keeping with Hole's other releases.  This one, however, is much more polished than any of their other CDs, showing a lot more time in the studio and a lot heavier hand in production.  I'm not crazy about everything on the CD, with about half of it really interesting me.  Still, the quality is spot on and it's one I'd recommend for rounding out your grunge-cum-later needs.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|This is Best Action Adventure film of the Decade. This is what Star Wars and Star Trek should have been.  A nonstop thrill ride from start to finish. Creator Joss Wheadon ( Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel ) Has outdone himself with this one. If you like sci-fi or just a great story, Check Out Serenity (Collector's Edition) and while your at it pick up Firefly: The Complete Series to see where it all began.
0374105235|5.0|I purchased this book for my 20 year old son.  He was very moved by this story and could not put it down.  Even though he finished it he will keep it in his building library to pick up and read again.  I plan on reading it as well and am very impressed with this young author and more importantly how he has handled all of the devastation he has lived through.
032147404X|5.0|I have been using cameras for about 40 years and considered that I was at least competent in their use.  I learned more in the 3 hours that it took me to study the book than in the past 40 years.  This should be required reading for all serious photographers.  Perhaps it could be used to replace the almost useless manuals supplied by manufacturers.
B000Q66QAG|4.0|I've always thought that we would have \\"the best of both worlds\\" joining the picture quality of hd-dvd with the sound from blu-ray format. That's the reason I support and buy the two formats. Anyway, in this occasion I think the sound of the stuff is really great. You can feel every stone falling over your head and your roof. The story itself makes me not to rate 5 stars.
0060574216|5.0|This is the first book I ever read on relationships. At the time I was having an extremely difficult time communicating with my boyfriend. This book was popular and claimed to explain essential difference between men and women, so I bought it. I wasn't disappointed.<br /><br />I immediately saw exactly why me and my mate were not getting along. We were speaking different languages! The words were in English but the meanings behind the words were so different for a man from a woman that I was almost shocked.<br /><br />I mean it's obvious that men and women are different but to be speaking `different languages' while all the while expecting their partner to understand what they were saying was mind blowing. The worst part is that often the fights between the sexes are a misunderstanding because we communicate through different perceptual models of reality.<br /><br />This book does not have all the info you need to have a wonderful relationship. It does have very useful pointers on how a man and a woman think and behave. When you understand how exactly your mate behaves and thinks THEN you begin to learn how to communicate effectively and frustration in your relationship will go down while love and understanding goes up. It's that simple.
B00009ATIX|4.0|According to a good portion of reviewers here this movie is a remake of the Tarkovsky's film... so I guess in a same misguided sense Coppola's Dracula is a remake of Murnau's Nosferatu, etc... ummm, Riiiiight.    Anyway, the fact that many reviewers here dismiss the film up-front because they think it's a remake and not an adaptaion of the book is interesting.    The film itself is of course another shot at Lem's novel. Again, with emphasis put on different aspects than the book (contact with an extremely alien `intelligence'), and different aspects than in Tarkovsky's film (spirituality? god? can't say for sure...).  This one concerns itself with the relationship between character Kelvin and his wife or possibly between Kelvin and his memories of his wife, depends on how to look at it.    The film has a smallish feel to it, a big wholywood spectacle it isn't. Good sense of the future from the presence of many suitable props in the scenery, I'd say 95% of the scenes take place in a confined space, a room, a space station, etc. Strong acting. Bittersweet ending.  It's a psychological drama, not an action fest...    Never understood why they replaced Sartorius(?) with a completely different character (Gordon?)    Overall, more like 4.5 stars really, but i gave it 4 from fear of being ridiculed by the oh-no-a-remake-of-Tarkovsky's-masterpiece crowd
B0000019PA|1.0|Manic wailing and barely-in-tune strumming do not equal genius, no matter what.  I've heard coffee-shop bards that sound better than this dude.
B00000IQC8|5.0|For all of those that have seen this movie know exactly what I'm talking about.  The introduction to the ViewAskewniverse.  Kevin Smith brings us into his world with this clever comedy.    Expoloding on the scene the same year as Pulp Fiction many people may not realize just how much Clerks has added to pop culture.  One of the best independent films to date.    And the DVD is wonderful.  There's the very interesting commentary, the beavy of deleted scenes, an alternate ending, and even a music video which, ironically, is done in color.    This is a film to love, laugh, and just outright have a good time.  It indeed gets my recommendation.    Be sure to also check out:  [[ASIN:B00000IQW4 Mallrats (Collector's Edition)]]  [[ASIN:B00003CX9D Chasing Amy - Criterion Collection]]  [[ASIN:B000053VAF Dogma (Special Edition)]]  [[ASIN:B00003CY67 Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back (Dimension Collector's Series)]]  [[ASIN:B000I0RNVQ Clerks II (Two-Disc Widescreen Edition)]]
0007189885|5.0|No wonder Chinua Achebe is delighted by Chimamanda Adichie.  And no wonder she can dare weave his legendary title into her story's open.  Chimamanda Adichie has a very special writing talent -- raw yet also subtly refined. Her story reads the way incredible dancers dance -- convincingly, passionately, honestly, and seemingly, without any effort.  \\"Purple Hibiscus\\" is insightful, fresh, honest, real.  If you like Haitian writer Edwidge Dandicott (whose work I adore!), especially \\"Krik Krak,\\" I think you'll also like Chimamanda Adichie.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|After viewing this film for the first itme all i can say is...WOW.  Extraordinary.  This is unlike any other film I can remember.  It's a hauntingly beautiful story about four people and the affect drugs have on them.<br /><br />I say let everyone see this film.  There are some things people will not understand but at some point in everyone's life, they should see this film.
0316067598|3.0|I found a number of deficiencies in this book, but the real letdown was that it just lacked good editorial oversight, which made for a lousy read. Poor structure and flow, excessive use of adjectives, and minimal character development were major downsides.  Redundancy is also a major issue as you are continuously reminded that SEALS are the baddest MF's on the planet/solar system/galaxy, etc.  I did empathize with Luttrell when he saw his friends get killed; however, their heroic last stand is owed much more in the way of character development than to merely say these guys were the mostest bestest awesomest guys you've ever known.  Make the reader cry, but also make them understand why they are in tears over a person they don't know.  One thing I could not figure out is why do the elite soldiers (Delta, not SEALS) in Mark Bowden's book 'Black Hawk Down' immediately crumple to the ground when shot through the head, but in Luttrell's book, men of similar aptitude and skill are able to fight on with half their craniums blown out on the trail behind them?  Were they cut from a different mold?  Were they terminators sent from the future to destroy the unborn Taliban baby that would eventually lead the Mujahadeen resistance?  Yes, it sounds ridiculous, but so do passages in this book that read like they were ghostwritten by Steven Seagal's script writer.  Also, who did the fact checking?(.338 Win Mag and .308 are two separate calibers for god's sake!).   This is a great story, but it could have been told much better.  Shame on whomever signed off on the final copy before it went to print!  If you want to read a harrowing account of a man who also lost 3 friends in a combat situation, try 'In the Company of Heroes' by Michael Durant.  I will recommend this book to anyone that likes Arnold Schwartzeneggar movies from the 80's, listens to Laura Ingram podcasts, or jumped for joy when we finally beat the aliens in 'Independence Day'.  NOT recommended for true military buffs,bookworms, english lit. teachers or fans of Mark Bowden or Stephen Ambrose.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|My husband loves the episodes. He is talking about ordering more for Christmas gifts. Also make sure you get the David Attenborough version.
1574535811|5.0|Everyone needs to have this information. People have to save themselves and stop relying on the medical industry to do it. We all have the power to make better food choices that will improve our health and vitality. The information presented gives so many compelling reasons to wake up and smell the manure (stop eating animal based foods)! I wish I would have been open to this information when I was younger, but at least I can steer my 6 year old in the right direction.    We are transitioning to a whole food plant based diet and incorporating more physical activity into our lifestyles.
B000A7DVR2|5.0|Somehow, it never gets old. I've seen it a dozen times and still love it.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|Thanks to the source material.  Even though someone who likes this kind of music will enjoy it on its own merits, I would recommend not buying this soundtrack until you see the movie.  The movie is a wonderful exploration of the creative process and the struggles of young musicians finding themselves and their place in life.  The soundtrack contains all the songs from the movie and will bring the movie back to life in your mind as you listen.  Knowing the songs' place in the movie will explain why some are so low-tech, and others more polished.  But the songs and the musicians are wonderful!
B000NDIAWY|5.0|Another great CD! Brandi is one of my favorite singers and has been for years, long before she was signed with her record label. This CD showcases many new songs as well as features new recordings of songs she was playing in bars years ago before she had a label. Brandi's voice is like an instrument by itself. Love the lyrics, love the passion in the music, love Brandi! (She's also a great live performer, so check her out live if you get the chance!)
044661758X|5.0|I found Michael Connelly just recently on recommendation of another author, and I am glad I did.  Mr. Connelly is a talented, entertaining, and masterful writer.  His concise dialogue and attention to details and emotions make all of his novels outstanding reads.  This one is no exception.  If you are an avid reader, mystery fan, or are just looking for something to read, you cannot do wrong with a Michael Connelly novel....especially the Harry Bosch series.  Harry is a great character, and Connelly is a superb writer.
0780622553|2.0|Dark City<br /><br />In what appears to be the 1940's-50's a man wakes up in a bath tub with no memories of who he is or what he is doing there. He quickly wonders through the apartment to find a woman murdered. The phone rings in the apartment and a stranger on the other lines informs him that people are looking for him and he must escape and adventure ensues.....<br /><br />Wow what a terrible movie. It appears that this movie tried something similar to the Matrix with the whole illusion of reality thing except that it didn't work......at all.<br /><br />The Good: ?<br /><br />The Bad: To start a terribly thin plot. The aliens need the humans but the actual reason is never revealed. Their powers are never explained with any detail nor the reason the main character was able to develop similar powers or how. They have all this technology and awesome powers but for some reason need to try and become like humans to keep from going extinct. The aliens are going extinct but somehow managed to find the time to build a huge replica flying city with accurate clothing buildings and automobiles for humans and stock pile enough food and water for them just so they can do experiments on them. I could keep going on but the bottom line is that the plot and story are very thin and the whole thing doesn't really make any since. The Acting. Keiffer Sutherland may be the man in 24 but he is quite poor as the \\"Mad Scientist\\" character in this movie. He has to be one of the poorest casting choices ever made.<br /><br />Overall: There are substantially better ways to spend 101 minutes. A root canal would probably be a less painful way to spend 101 minutes than watching this movie. Skip this one if at all possible.
B000OYC3J8|3.0|This album is incredible at its highest points and pretty bland at the low points. I only have a couple of white stripes albums and this seems to have the same general format as the rest (one stellar single, a few little gems, and a few seemingly filler tracks that aren't bad, but also aren't very inspired.) I still recommend people buy this, but don't expect it to change your life.
B000000WA4|5.0|I've been a fan of smashing pumpkins since I heard Drown.  This double cd is packed with tons of great songs.  Billy and the gang REALLY put alot of effort into this cd.  Just about every song on this cd is great!
1596912855|4.0|I thought this book had all the requisites to create a wonderful trip to the time of Jane Austen's world and her characters. Shannon Hale brought this world to life with all the country gentlemen, clothing attire and the tone of the language during that period. If you haven't read the book and I'm being careful not to spoil it for you, here is a brief synopsis. Jane Hayes a young New Yorker has a fixation with Mr. Darcy of Pride and Prejudice. Unfortunately, this mania is ruining her social life. But, luck came her way when a relation bequeath her a three week stay to Austenland, England  In summary, I enjoyed the book, although I thought it was bit short in the description of scenes and characters. It's an easy read and great book for the beach.
0765350386|5.0|I've read a lot of great fantasy this summer -- Durham's \\"Acacia\\", Rothfuss' \\"The Name of the Wind\\" and Lynch's \\"The Lies of Locke Lomora\\" -- all of which I highly recommend -- but Sanderson's \\"Mistborn\\" is unbelievably exciting, insightful, and well written.  I love George R. R. Martin, and though Sanderson is a different writer -- less graphic and gratuitious with his sex and violence -- Sanderson is as compelling and worthwhile.  THIS IS A NEW, EXCITING, AND TALENTED WRITER.  (I also highly recommend his first novel, \\"Elantris\\".)
1581806574|5.0|This book is wonderful.  It's fun to look at even if you're not in it for the instructional value it has.  What makes it unique is that it gives the reader a little history on each creature.<br />I wouldn't consider this a 'beginners' book as some of the techniques are slightly advanced, but I think anyone can benefit from what this book offers.<br />This book would be very beneficial to tattoo artists.
6300215512|5.0|I think I've watched this movie in astonishing awe hundreds of times as Miss Gloria Swanson pours her ALL into the role of Norma Desmond, a washed-up silent film icon who can't let go of her once Queen-of-the-Golden-Screen status.  Norma's EVERY emotion becomes your's throughout the movie as she invites you into her world of lost stardom and right into her mysterious mind in a way that only Miss Swanson can portray.  Norma Desmond leaves nothing to the imagination as you live every DARK minute with her there in her 1920's Moorish-style palace complete with EVERYTHING imaginable of its time, including a movie theatre with its own pipe organ to watch ALL of those silent movies in which she once starred, forever keeping her Queen-of-the-Golden-Screen, but only on Sunset Boulevard.  The climactic ending made this unforgetable movie go down in history as one of Hollywood's Classics as well as earning its position as true Americana!  \\"I'm ready for my close-up, Mr. DeMille!\\"
0446698326|4.0|I have read a number of Nicholas Sparks books and I have enjoyed just about all of them, except At First Sight. Message in a Bottle was one of my favorites. This novel I would have to say falls somewhere in between, but I still loved it. Mr. Sparks just has knack for writing romance novels and this was another of his beautiful stories. I wanted the ending to be different, but then I'm not the writer. Speaking of ending there seemed to me that a sequel would be something he should consider. If so I would buy it without hesitation. Some of the reviewers thought the book was depressing, but I didn't feel that way. From mid way the book was sad and yes a tear or two rolled down my cheeks, but the way the author wrote the scenes I was prepared for the outcome. There are numerous reviews that give lots of detail on the story, so I won't add more print, except to say I thought the book was terrific.
B00000G3AZ|5.0|I absolutely adore Emma, it is witty, funny, and adorable. The costumes are excellent (I in fact made a replica of Emma's pink archery gown) and the set is absolutely amazing. Anyone will feel right at home in Highbury with Emma and her friends.
B000O77SRC|5.0|Okay, from a technical end, this is not a remaster from the original negative, so there are occassional screen dots and dust...who cares!!!!  This is how action movies should be.  Fast paced, tension-filled and a great ending.  The Dolby mastering is superb and the sub-woofer gets a strong workout.  Strongly recommend.
B000P0J024|5.0|Rolling stone rated the first of these albums as in the top 100 and I totally agree. What is so wonderful is how this music came to be. Unlike the overproduced, overhyped cr*p that passes for Rock & roll these days. Muscians having fun, isn't that the way it's always supposed to be?<br /><br />I like the bonus DVD. It shows how much fun these guys had making this music. No big studio, just artists jamming in the kitchen! Yeah there are folks on youtube jamming but these guys have talent.<br /><br />It is too bad that more music isn't made this way. So get it while you can, you won't be sorry, and this package is a great deal, (two cd's plus the DVD for the same price as the CD's.)
B000002ITK|3.0|I'm giving this album a somewhat decent rating because at least the short studio songs are catchy.  Sure, the band is nothing more than an updated and more disgusting version of KISS, but credit needs to be given to the band for at LEAST having some decent anthem-rock songs.  Everybody knows \\"We're Not Gonna Take It\\".  I even heard this song on some commercial recently advertising female problems.  \\"I Wanna Rock\\" is definitely the catchiest song on the disc.  \\"ROCK rock ROCK rock\\".  Yeah, you know it.    \\"I Am (I'm Me)\\" is the perfect song for an angry teenager to play over and over in his bedroom as he sits there in the dark thinking about how much the world hates him.  \\"The Price\\" is sort of depressing, only that, we're talking about an 80's hair metal band attempting to say something important.  \\"You Can't Stop Rock and Roll\\" is pretty awesome.  After this song, the rest of the studio tracks sort of blend together, though I won't deny how catchy most of them are.      The live tracks are, unfortunately, really awful.  Just a terrible live band.  I was never a fan of the Rolling Stones classic \\"It's Only Rock 'n Roll\\" anyway, but hearing Twisted Sister attempt this song in a live settting with an overbearingly long build-up consisting mostly of a bunch of swear words that mean absolutely nothing to anyone other than those who happened to be attending the concert is, well, really freakin' bad.      Stick with the studio tracks.  Those songs rule.
B0006B7MS6|1.0|I specifically asked for the Golden Classic Collectibles version of El Cid.  I received the Chinese knockoff instead.  I returned it for a refund.  Hoping that a decent version of this film is eventually released by the studios.  Disappointed because I'm such a Chuck Heston fan.
B000025H0Q|5.0|Grab a cigarette, take your shoes off, put your feet up, and let Mr. Drake show you how relaxing, poetic, and beautifully reassuring a little melancholy can be. Because there I was going along in life. I had accumulated some good music, some good friends, good books. I even had a band I was proud of, writing songs I'd catch my friends singing. It was encouraging. Yea, I had it pretty good...and then one day I popped this record on, and now I'll never be the same.
1596912855|1.0|I am a huge fan of Shannon Hale's Goose Girl series, so I've eagerly awaited the publication of her new book Austenland.  Each of the Goose Girl books is in drenched in imagination and delicious prose.  Her characters are alive and readers are immediately engaged in their stories.  In addition, it is refreshing to read YA fiction that is not \\"edgy.\\"   I was excited to see what she would do with fiction targeted to adults.    After reading Austenland, all I can say is that I am extremely dismayed.  The characters are lackluster.  Although the plot idea is fresh (to send a character to experience Austen's era and find herself), once the reader is partway into the story, the storyline is flimsy and predictable.  Worse, Hale has abandoned her roots and her strong stance in support of writing engaging fiction that is also clean.  If I'd wanted to read flat fiction laced with trash, I'd have picked up a Harlequin romance (although I must say that Hale is not nearly so racy).  Austen has been betrayed.    Shannon Hale, please return to real writing.  Please don't let down your adoring fans.  Please give us engaging characters and plots while keeping it clean.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|I read the reviews carefully before buying the HD DVD series.  I wanted amazing as everyone was talking about.  This series is amazing and worth the price IF!!!!!! you have everything you need. I thought I had the HD player, I didn't. So I had to buy one (amazon has a great one) THEN my 2 year old Sony High Def TV doesn't have a HDMI hook up which is ALSO important for direct streaming....SO before you buy the HD version, do your homework or the frustration will be overwhelming, due to the wait. When I FINALLY was able to hook up, turn it on, and play...I had a defective set. Amazon was FAST to replace it, no questions. The series is awesome and worth the price. Some day I will have a HD TV with HDMI to see it as it is meant to be seen. For now I am still truely amazed at the photography and all the work in this series. I would do it again!!!!!
B00005JPQR|3.0|Not as much action as I was led to expect from the many glowing reviews, it starts off kind of slow, for a substantial part of the movie. There's also a slow chase section in the middle where his pre-Bourne girlfriend (or not) is running from an assassin. The rest of the action, however, is good but often seriously marred by the overused jerky-cam filming which makes the action unintelligible. It's a cheap and silly technique that has to die, and soon. When you consider how much effort, training and planning goes into these action sequences, it's just dumb to obscure it by wobbling that camera as much as they've done here. Also, why does he never wear a disguise, walking around in public with impunity?<br /><br />All in all, I'd say Live Free or Die Hard was a better action film.
B000PY52EU|5.0|This movie was so entertaining.  I laughed out loud though out! I love Samuel L Jackson as well as Christina Ricci as thespians in general and I loved their performance in this!  Justin Timberlake did surprisingly well also. This movie is totally reminiscent of Quentin Tarantino flicks and Joe L. Lansdale novels (I recommend reading [[ASIN:089296619X Bad Chili]]).  Definitely not recommended for the faint of heart, or those who feel they are easily offended, its simply entertaining.
B00005JPRT|5.0|\\"Once\\" is an engaging and phenomenally sweet movie about young artists trying to find an outlet for their boundless need for expression. \\"The Guy\\" is a ragged Irish street singer with a beat-up guitar who reserves his own most pained and poignant works for the evening, when no one listens anyway. We encounter \\"The Girl,\\" a Czech street peddler of magazines and flowers, who also has a talent for music and who is attracted by the depth of the Guy's music. Given less talented writers, \\"Once\\" could quickly have devolved into romantic nonsense. But both the Guy and the Girl have unresolved romantic commitments that prevent them from easily falling into a tryst. Watching them grapple with their love and appreciation for each other while honoring their previous attachments is one of the joys of this movie.<br /><br />\\"Once\\" is basically a vehicle for publicizing the music of Glen Hansard and Mark&eacute;ta Irglov&aacute; -- the leads who actually wrote most of the music in the film. One suspects that the film is a lightly veiled version of their own stories. But, the locales and characters portrayed in the film are varied and interesting. From heroin addicts, to unemployed immigrants, to street musicians and poets singing for their dinner, the film is full of characters that are real and wonderful. The music is also quite charming -- especially if you are drawn to the kind of moody, introspective folk genre that is half crazed with regret, passion and mourning over lost relationships.<br /><br />\\"Once\\" is a wonderful tale of two people from different backgrounds who come together, for a moment, over a love of music. It is about getting unstuck from self-imposed limits. It is about taking chances and risking failure. It is about finding lost love and starting again. It is about life itself. \\"Once\\" is a fabulous and moving look at two people who once upon a gritty time risked all to make something beautiful.
0440238609|4.0|A nicely wrought story and very likeable characters. Might be a bit dark for young children, but very suitable for teenagers.
0790733226|5.0|Occasionally in sci-fi movie magazines, you'll see articles like \\"Top 10 Women In Science Fiction,\\" and it's always the predictable fan-fave list of hot babes kicking the butts of vampires, zombies, robots, etc.  You never see Jodie Foster in \\"Contact\\" on such lists, and that's a shame.  Why?  Because that would involve an actual WOMAN (an intelligent, mature woman of integrity and subtance, as opposed to a kung-fu sex object on steroids) in an actual SCIENCE FICTION movie (an intelligent, thought-provoking premise, as opposed to yet another action movie in space).      Robert Zemeckis made \\"Contact\\" as a follow-up to his record-breaking, critically acclaimed \\"Forrest Gump,\\" and the two make an oddly matched pair.  Both are epic stories centered around a single point-of-view character, one the simple man who takes us on a tour of our past, the other a complex woman who leads us into the future.  Foster's performance is easily the equal of Tom Hanks' Oscar-winning turn, but sadly this gem of a film didn't get quite the attention it should.  (Possibly because, like \\"The Abyss,\\" another classic, it was swallowed up in the midst of too many summer blockbusters.)    \\"Contact\\" follows in the footsteps (and the high quality) of both \\"2001: A Space Odyssey\\" and \\"Close Encounters of the Third Kind,\\" treating its subject of alien intelligence with serious thought: the most plausible aliens ever put on film are the ones we can't quite see.  This leaves us free to use our imaginations -- which far exceed Hollywood's abilities in any event -- but also keeps the focus on the story's most truly important aspect, ourselves and our reactions to the prospect that we are not alone in the universe.    Although the story may sound dry on paper -- there are no ray guns, bug-eyed monsters or flesh-eating mutants in this movie -- the pace is never dull, and there's plenty to keep audiences engrossed, including a large amount of sideshow silliness from the world media, some devious government politicking, a chillingly plausible subplot about religious extremists (with Jake Busey, a dead ringer for his dad Gary), and an exasperatingly funny convention of every UFO-loving nutjob in the western hemisphere.      The cast is uniformly impressive, with charismatic actors like Angela Bassett, David Morse, Tom Skerritt, and the always enjoyable James Woods.  Stealing the show (and giving us the pleasure of having 2 \\"Alien\\" veterans in the cast) is John Hurt as a manipulative Howard-Hughes-ish recluse whose scenes are few but played with \\"Silence of the Lambs\\" intensity and power.  Personally, I'm not a big Matthew McConaughey fan, but he serves well as the pseudo-love-interest who quietly challenges the beliefs of Foster's character and makes her (and us) reexamine her deepest motives.      Jodie Foster, however, carries the film's emotional center with aplomb, making herself both admirably resourceful and empathetically flawed in equal amounts.  Her emotionally wounded character is driven to delve into the heart of the universe through strictly scientific methods, yet resists any suggestion of religious faith, realizing only at the end that both are flipsides of the same coin.  Foster allows this conflict within herself to drive the story as much as the global events occurring around her.  (Note, incidentally, the recurring characteristic trait of curling into a protective fetal position while perched on the very edge of something -- a chair, a bed, a porch, a canyon -- and gazing upward and outward even while retreating inward.  Nice touch, Ms. Foster!)    The plot is well-developed, with a particularly wicked double-twist ending, and there is some insightful social and philosophical commentary in this movie.  But, for sheer thrills, it also boasts the most exciting climactic sequence I saw that entire year, as Foster's character makes the last walk to embark on the journey to end all journeys.  And frankly, for the summer of '97, that's saying something!(P.S.: Can't let this review go by without a nod to author of the book, Carl Sagan.  Rest In Peace, Carl, and thanks for the great story!)
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This was a gift item and the recepient was very pleased with Planet Earth.  I watched some and we all thought it was a well done series.
0385334206|5.0|This was my first Vonnegut experience, and I have to say I wasn't disappointed...I've got a lot of the book marked with parts I especially loved.  I'm going to read plenty more of his stuff now too.  This is probably one of the best books I've ever read, and I've read literally thousands of books.  It's easy to read, but the story and the premise are a little unusual.  That's one of my favorite things about it.  If you've never read Vonnegut, this is a good place to start.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|David Lynch has crafted his least constrained and truest independent film since Eraserhead. Inland Empire dips into David's well of ideas from almost all his other films, and especially his other online works (Darkend Room/Rabbits)as well as his paintings and sculptures.<br />  The Lynch diehards are treated to many fan nods during the first act of this cryptic cinematic hedgemaze,(coffee closeups,vet Lynch actors etc) Then during an 1 & 1/2 hour tirade the second act tears through the viewers psyche and preconceptions with razor blades and chainsaws, allowing Laura Dern to flex her abilities in the finest performance by a female lead in 2007 as Nikki Grace.  The third act mezmerizes provided the viewer has paid adequate attention to the hints and details of preceding material.  David's soundscape is as usual impeccable with audio clues often providing more hints than the images themselves.  The music fits into place like it was born to be there slightly overpowering the nuanced dialogue in many scenes. After being taken on this darkened funhouse ride we are left with glimmers of solace during the final credits.<br />If you have an intolerance for David Lynch's work this just isn't the cup of tea your looking for as he really has created his least compromised and most personal work to date,what I feel is a film within a film within a radio play.  There will be many interpretations and thats what makes this mans work special, a filmmaker with a painters vision, a writers wit, and a musicians ear who lets the audience be a part of the work.<br />The 2nd disc is a treat as we get<br />30 mins of the upcoming DL DOC ONE<br />115 mins of Deleted Inland Empire Scenes<br />20 min cooking featurette with David<br />40 mins of \\"stories\\" from David<br />12 min Ballerina Featurette<br />and more.<br />This set is a major addition to the Lynch's career and a modern digital filmmaking achievement.
B000LPS3B2|5.0|This movie is perfect for any lover of Asian Horror films. The whole movie you're just waiting for something to happen and it delievers! It never lets you down in a slow moment for too long, just how I like it~
B000001EC1|2.0|Cross Road is a great soundtrack, but the quality of the CD is terrible. A couple tracks skip and I'd like to get my money back.
B000NVIGC0|5.0|After being thoroughly disappointed with A Ghost is Born, I decided that the release of Sky Blue Sky would not warrant a pre-order. I was skeptical of Wilco's musical direction and actually thought it may be the end of the road for me. While the magic of A.M. may never be repeated, Sky Blue Sky comes awfully close. While it's a bit more somber, Sky Blue Sky once again demonstrates the genius of Jeff Tweedy. Lyrically and musically, I couldn't ask for much more. This is a delightful record that I find myself listening to over and over. If you've jumped from the Wilco bandwagon, now is the time to get back on!
B000PWQPAC|5.0|...Major Motoko Kusanagi has resigned from her post and Section 9 has been forced to confront a dangerous hacker called the Puppeteer after tracing a series of suicides to this terrorist.  As they dive deeper into what may be a government conspiracy they start to cross paths with the Major.  Is this an accident or is she working for the wrong side?  Get ready to become paranoid in this action-packed movie based on the Stand Alone Complex series.  Extras include interviews with some of the English voice actors and storyboard subtitles.
B00006YXOX|5.0|The passage of time has hardly depreciated this set of Bruckner symphonies, recorded during the late 1950s and 1960s, which has been reissued at full price here in improved packaging -- 9 CDs in sleeves in a slimline box, an improvement over the old three 3-CD cases that were often sold separately at resale shops.<br /><br />The late romantic Wagner-influenced symphonies by Anton Bruckner were not always accepted critically on their first performance. Viennese critics and members of the ultraconservative, competing Brahms camp derided Bruckner's lengthy symphonic treatises, characterizing his Symphony No. 8 as a \\"symphonic boa constrictor.\\"<br /><br />While Germans accepted the Bruckner symphonic canon as part of the standard repertory for a century, the rest of the world had to wait for the post World War II LP era to hear them all. Today, all nine symphonies -- as well as Bruckner's Symphonies Nos. 0, or \\"Nulte\\", and the so-called \\"Study\\" symphony -- have been accepted by the musicgoing public.<br /><br />For a couple generations of 78, LP, tape, CD and now download fans, Eugen Jochum (1902-87) was among the more reliable guides through the peaks and valleys of Bruckner. He combined the better traits of Wilhelm Furtwangler (romantic phraseologic elasticity) with Karajan (literalist power and Germanic heft) and has influenced many later Bruckner conductors including Petri Sakari.<br /><br />Jochum does this with a magical approach to the composer's granitic music; unpredicatable and always appropriate is the way to describe his approach. His work capitalizes on the misterioso elements so often caught in the transition between Bruckner's loud and soft parts, all the while adhering to the composer's orchestration built on organ registrations.<br /><br />Among other qualities, Jochum is the most unusual and unique of major Bruckner interpreters. Unlike Gunther Wand, he does not always project Bruckner's beloved Alps in this music. Unlike Georg Solti, he senses the inate beauty and religious fervor of the music. Unlike Georg Tintner, he does not concern himself with scores, even though Jochum was a close friend of a Bruckner annotator. Unlike Karajan, he is not wedded to a traditional German approach to the symphonic edifices. Only Furtwangler, in recordings that stress the 21st Century ear, compares to Jochum as a Bruckner interpreter.<br /><br />Jochum recorded the complete symphonies of Bruckner again later in life and that set is still available on the EMI label. In addtion, there are various other single and double CDs available of his work. While Jochum's second set on EMI enjoys better sound and a better Symphony 8, the playing is inferior and the overall concept less well defined that what he achieved in Berlin and Bavaria. For me, this earlier German set is the one to live with.<br /><br />In the four decades since he recorded these titanic symphonies, no record, tape, CD or download has equalled the majesty and mystery Jochum finds in the Symphonies 1 and 2, though there have been good ones including [[ASIN:B004EE2ZYW this version]] of No. 2. He brings to them an unerring sense of pace, anticipation and freed musical pulse characterize these early symphonies, which are often not well served by even the greatest conductors. In addition, few conductors sense the architecture Jochum constructs in Symphonies 6 and 8. And since Furtwangler's death in 1954, no conductor has compared to the universal truths he projects in Symphony 5, a Jochum specialty that he recorded a half-dozen times.<br /><br />What else makes Jochum special? While many conductors turn Bruckner's symphonic ascensions into repetitive blather, Jochum always finds something new to say in repeating phrases -- not unlike opening the drawers of a cabinet, each appearing exactly the same outside but containing something very different on the inside. This is the difference between expert Bruckner advocacy and interpretation and reading the score.<br /><br />Jochum is hardly alone as a fine Bruckner interpreter. Two recent \\"new\\" old sets in mono -- one partial and one complete -- are also worth mention. Wilhelm Furtwangler, who was without question the greatest Brucknerian in the mono recording era, is well-represented by a partial set released by Music and Arts a few years back [[ASIN:B0012XIGZU Furtwangler Conducts Bruckner: Symphonies 4,5,6,7,8,9]]. This is a Bruckner conductor with no peer whose insights will probably never be matched in this or any othe century. Another old set from a virtually unknown Swiss conductor, Volkmar Andreae, is also worth your consideration [[ASIN:B002A5ZLHU Syms 1-9/Te Deum]]. Both of these sets show insights into Bruckner from conductors born in the century Bruckner lived.<br /><br />Even with more modern competition in extraordinary DDD sound, I believe the Jochum set on DG remains your top choice in this wonderful music about birth, life, travails, death and afterlife. If you are dedicated to acquiring a uniform set of Bruckner symphonies and you find the sound of Furtwangler's 1950s recordings inadequate, you will never hear better than Jochum in this set.m is hardly alone as a fine Bruckner interpreter. Two recent \\"new\\" old sets in mono -- one partial and one complete -- are also worth mention. Wilhelm Furtwangler, who was without question the greatest Brucknerian in the mono recording era, is well-represented by a partial set released by Music and Arts a few years back [[ASIN:B0012XIGZU Furtwangler Conducts Bruckner: Symphonies 4,5,6,7,8,9]]. This is a Bruckner conductor with no peer whose insights will probably never be matched in this or any othe century. Another old set from a virtually unknown Swiss conductor, Volkmar Andreae, is also worth your consideration [[ASIN:B002A5ZLHU Syms 1-9/Te Deum]]. Both of these sets show insights into Bruckner from conductors born in the century Bruckner lived.<br /><br />Even with more modern competition in extraordinary DDD sound, I believe the Jochum set on DG remains your top choice in this wonderful music about birth, life, travails, death and afterlife. If you are dedicated to acquiring a uniform set of Bruckner symphonies and you find the sound of Furtwangler's 1950s recordings inadequate, you will never hear better than Jochum in this set.s wonderful music about birth, life, travails, death and afterlife. If you are dedicated to acquiring a uniform set of Bruckner symphonies and you find the sound of Furtwangler's 1950s recordings inadequate, you will never hear better than Jochum in this set.
B000LC55F2|2.0|In contrast to The Illusionist, in which excellent acting made for an absorbing movie, The Prestige falters because of uninspired acting. Never for a moment did I believe that Hugh Jackman's character was a world-class magician. He utters his lines but does not inhabit the character. Christian Bale was only fractionally better. Scarlett Johannson was dreadful, giving her usual affectless performance. Even Michael Caine--one reviewer here called his performance \\"understated\\"; I think \\"sleepwalking\\" was the word he was looking for. David Bowie adds little as the historical figure Nikolai Tesla, but I can't really blame him; that whole sub-plot should have been scrapped.     Some moderate suspense builds over the last half hour, and then the director reveals all kinds of coincidences and surprises and mysteries as if to apologize for the preceding 90 minutes. Doesn't work. The Prestige is a trick movie that tries to make up for skill with hocus-pocus that does not impress.
B00006AG5N|5.0|Elvis Presley (1935-1977) was the first rock celebrity To achieve a distinguished place in the music, due his cosmopolitan style, undeniable charisma and powerful allure respect the feminine sex, he knew to engage two generations (previous Beatles arrival), making of the raising rock manifestation, a lifestyle and living.<br /><br />His talent and appropriate selection of musical arrangements became of him a remarkable crooner of easy to listen ballads (just before Sinatra 's  arrival) and matching with famous figures of that age as Bobby Darin, Bobby Vinton and specially rivaling with the well reminded singer Pat Boone. But his decisive step to the great screen allowed him even to get a major audience overseas.<br /><br />His status as star reached a coveted place into we might say the popular imagination and an undeniable icon of the popular mythology.<br /><br />This is a well deserved homage and heartfelt tribute to his memory precisely today, when we remind him thirty years before his sad departure.
B000K7VHQ4|4.0|Outstanding acting and a not-too-preposterous plot make The Illusionist a compelling and highly entertaining couple of hours. Paul Giamatti steals the show as the educated and sophisticated police inspector who must maintain order in the imperial capitol but is not just a stooge of the royal family. Edward Norton brings believable passion and control to the illusionist' role. Jessica Biel is surprisingly good as the romantic interest, and Rufus Sewell is villainous but not a caricature. This one holds your attention throughout and builds to a satisfying conclusion in which all the little details add up to something plausible. A far superior film to one with similar themes in a similar time and place, The Prestige.
B00003CXCT|5.0|It's hard to believe that it's been only 30 years since the original Star Wars (now known as Star Wars- Episode IV- A New Hope) was released, thus changing the movie industry as we know it.  Sure, Jaws is considered the \\"original\\" summer blockbuster, but it was Star Wars which introduced the concept of a larger-than-life, over-the-top movie that wasn't based on a Biblical story, which would resonate with the public in a massive way.  Indeed, Star Wars may have been indirectly responsible for the decision to revive Star Trek, as science fiction and fantasy suddenly became a viable commercial proposition.  After letting the original trilogy languish on VHS and laserdisc for years, George Lucas finally relented, and released this DVD boxed set in 2004, which includes all 3 movies and a bonus disc.  However, these aren't exactly the movies people might remember from long ago, which I'll get to in a bit.    If you're a newcomer to Star Wars, I'll try to cut to the chase about what made these movies special with the Reader's Digest version.  A young filmmaker from California, having had some modest success with his coming-of-age nostalgia flick \\"American Graffiti\\", decided he wanted to make a movie based on the old \\"Flash Gordon\\" serials.  Finding that the rights had already been taken by someone else, Lucas decided to instead make his own sci-fi/fantasy story, and forged a vast array of influences, including \\"The Lord of the Rings\\", Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa's feudal epics, 1930s serials (such as \\"Flash Gordon\\"), World War 2 movies, and much more, into what would become Star Wars.  The creation of the original Star Wars was plagued by problems, including financial problems, a general lack of faith by some crew members, encroaching deadlines, hostile weather, and Lucas's own near-breakdown from the strain.  Lucas's team had to literally invent new types of special effects in order to avoid a \\"Plan 9 From Outer Space\\"-type disaster.  When the movie was finally released, cast members actually did a double take, as their experience during the filming never indicated that the result would be so incredibly dynamic.  \\"The Empire Strikes Back\\" and \\"Return of the Jedi\\" both served to expand the scope of the Star Wars universe, and solidified the series as what Joseph Campbell would term \\"modern day myth\\".      \\"A New Hope\\" establishes the main characters and the primary struggles of the original trilogy, some of which already have been introduced to some degree by the subsequent prequel films.  Droids R2D2 and C3PO escape a besieged ship carrying a rebel leader, Leia Organa, and end up on the desert planet of Tattooine, while Leia is captured by the Empire's sinister Darth Vader.  When the droids are bought by Luke Skywalker's aunt and uncle, Luke finds that R2D2 is carrying the plans to the Empire's gigantic and deadly space station, the Death Star.  Recruited by Obi-Wan (Ben) Kenobi, a former Jedi Knight and master of the mystical \\"Force\\", Luke and company engage the services of rogue space pilot Han Solo and his furry Wookie co-pilot Chewbacca to try to get to Alderaan.  From there, the film builds up to a climactic battle over the Death Star as our heroes get into one sticky situation after another.  There's a reason that this movie defined the \\"event movie\\" from that point on: off the cuff, natural delivery of dialogue, fantastic special effects, creation of a living imaginary world, and very effective, if archetyped, characters.  In Lucas' latest tinkering for , he tries to half-way amend for the \\"Greedo shoots first\\" gaffe of the Special Edition version, by having both Han Solo and Greedo shoot at almost the same time.  While this won't appease everyone, it's still enough to keep the scene from looking silly (as was the case with the Special Edition edit).  The crude computer effects from the Special Edition are also touched up, resulting in Jabba appearing much less like a crude, mid '90s Playstation cutscene relic.    \\"The Empire Strikes Back\\" picks up months after the original film, with Vader, who survived, obsessed with finding Luke, who along with Leia, Han, and a contingent of Rebels, is hiding on the frozen world of Hoth.  Luke, after surviving a near-death experience at the hands of a monster, is told by the spirit of Kenobi to seek the Jedi Master Yoda in order to master the Force.  Unfortunately, Vader's massive fleet has located the Rebels, and launches an attack on Hoth.  In the confusion, Han, Chewie, C3PO and Leia are chased by the Empire across space, while Luke trains under Yoda on the swamp world of Dagobah. Eventually, Luke confronts Vader in a dramatic duel, where he learns a terrible fact about their true relationship, while Han and Leia fall in love, but are tragically separated.  \\"Empire\\" is cited by most fans as their favorite, perhaps in part due to not only the darker tone of the movie, but also due to the fact that it truly expanded the scope of the Star Wars universe.  Most of the changes made in this movie are minor cosmetic changes, with the exception of the re-dubbing of bounty hunter Boba Fett's voice (by Temura Morrison, who played Jango Fett and the clones in the prequels), and a partial reshoot of Vader talking to the Emperor, with Ian McDiarmid being inserted in this scene with revised dialogue.    \\"Return of the Jedi\\" begins with an extended sequence detailing Luke and Leia's rescue of Han from Jabba on Tattooine.  When all is said and done, our heroes emerge victorious, but find themselves facing a much bigger conflict.  The Rebel Alliance has found that a new Death Star is being built, and that the Emperor himself is overseeing the construction.  Luke and friends are tasked with destroying the protective shield generator on the forest world of Endor, but find themselves walking into a trap, while the Rebel fleet finds itself cornered by the Empire.  In the end, Luke must confront Vader and the Emperor, and take on the role of the last Jedi.  Of all the original trilogy movies, this one suffered the most from Lucas' tinkering, in the form of the horrid \\"Jedi Rocks\\" musical sequence.  Incredibly, Lucas is apparently blind to how hated this \\"Muppet Show\\" sequence is, and has not altered it, or restored the original version of the scene.  The other major controversy in this version is the removal of Sebastian Shaw from the final shot of the \\"Force ghosts\\" at the end, and the insertion of Hayden Christiansen, who played Anakin Skywalker in the prequels.  This change is nowhere near as unforgiveable as keeping \\"Jedi Rocks\\", which came this close to making the movie unwatchable.  While the film itself is the weakest of the three, with Harrison Ford sometimes pretty much phoning in his performance, \\"Jedi\\" still ends on a positive note, and wraps up the whole saga nicely, if a bit abruptly.    All changes aside, the video quality is pretty good, although you can sometimes see blatant matte effect squares around TIE fighters in \\"A New Hope\\".  Lucasfilm was meticulous about removing dirt and age effects from the films as much as possible.  In terms of extras, the bonus disc includes a number of short features, and a definitive Star Wars documentary titled \\"Empire of Dreams\\".  The commentary tracks for the movies are entertaining and pretty informative, being certainly more dynamic and insightful than much of the commentary for the prequels.  The audio is also pretty good, although the actual sound quality in \\"A New Hope\\" is markedly duller and more muffled than in any of the other Star Wars movies (either an unfortunate byproduct of the original masters degrading, or of the equipment used circa 1977).  The simple truth is that, unless you are someone who dislikes any kind of speculative fiction/fantasy movies, you must have this in your collection.  I should note that Lucasfilm re-released the Original Trilogy  in 2006 in a collector's format, containing both the current versions and the \\"pre-Special Edition\\" versionsof the movies.  However, this is more costly, and the \\"original unaltered\\" versions of the movies were not properly cleaned up or adapted for the DVD format, so for the less hardcore fans, you'll be fine with the 2004 boxed set.
B000Q6GXW2|1.0|I recently tried to play the HD DVD on my XBox360 HD drive. It started playing ok, then just stopped and returned me to the dashboard. I tried playing again, and the same thing happened. The third time I tried to play it, I used the remote to jump to a chapter past the failing point and it played for a bit, then stopped again.  I have the latest updates for the XBox360. Not sure what the problem is.
B0007VCZ50|5.0|I really enjoyed this DVD.  Great music and interesting to watch how musicians work together to get ready for a gig.  Sting is one of the most talented musicians alive today!
B000JBWWQ0|5.0|The book, published in  the early 1990s, changed my life!  I have been living on a spiritual plane ever since. But as happens over time, belief systems tend to fade.  I have reread the book many times, and I have given away many copies.  This movie/video was like a shot of adrenalin to me!  It was so well done on all levels - acting, cinematography, music, direction, and editing.  And scripting - it stayed true to the book and its message.  I wholeheartedly loved this film.  I got it just when I needed it - just like the book.  They both found me - there are no coincidences!
B000BFH2S2|5.0|This is a MUST-PURCHASE for any Michael Buble fan.  I enjoyed this product so much that I'm amazed at how reasonably it's priced.  The DVD features a 2-hour concert (the 2005 \\"Great Performances\\" program featured on PBS), PLUS a bonus \\"Backstage Pass\\" -- Michael takes the viewer on a backstage tour and we get to witness the prep and rehearsals for the show, while enjoying MB's banter all along the way...  I've read the reviews that say he's crass, but I can't disagree more.  I think he's quite witty, and very endearing.    I attended a MB live concert just a few weeks ago, and I can honestly say that I enjoyed this DVD just as much as the live concert, and the DVD is, of course, a lot less expensive.  The added CD is icing on the cake!
B00008CLOA|5.0|This is of course a classic album, and the SACD of DSOTM is incredible.  It is one of the best SACDs I've heard, and the surround 5.1 mix is very well done and really envelopes you in the music and it helps that Pink Floyd's music is well suited for a surround mix.  It sounds corny, but this one really blew me away.  If you don't have an SACD player, you should get one (the playstation 3 has one!), it is so worth it.
B000OY8NII|5.0|I managed to catch a couple of episodes on cable TV and became hooked on this show. It is a hybrid comedy/drama with more emphasis on the comedy, with some very interesting and unique characters. I bought the season on DVD so I could watch all the episodes in order. I think it is one of those quirky shows that people either love or hate. But it is really quite funny and is watchable by most of the family. This isn't Stargate or Farscape so don't expect lots of action or wierd aliens, but do expect to be entertained. Highly recommended.
B000P0J024|5.0|With all the junk the music industry continues to churn out, one wonders how the classic albums of the Traveling Wilburys could have been allowed to go out of print for almost a decade. Thanks to the remastering geniuses at Rhino Records, the Traveling Wilburys are finally back in the catalog, sounding better than ever.    Rhino' s engineers are fanatics when it comes to finding the original master tapes and remixing them in a way that is both state-of-the-art in terms of sound quality, yet at the same time faithful to the original production values. In the case of the Traveling Wilburys, the supergroup formed almost as a lark by Bob Dylan, Tom Petty, the late George Harrison, Jeff Lynne, and of course the late Roy Orbison, that sound was a stripped-down, down to earth rebellion against the overproduced, over commercialized studio productions being lavished upon mediocre talents by the major studios in the late 1980s, while at the same time legitimate singer-songwriter-performer talents were barely allowed into the recording studio. The first album was so breathtakingly stupendous that it was followed by a second, which if not quite the triumph of the first, was also better than 99% of the junk that the major studios were pumping out at the time. Both the first and second albums, along with some pretty decent outtakes, a fascinating DVD featuring footage from the recording sessions, and a lengthy booklet featuring studio notes and the various reminiscences, are included in the 2 CD, 1 DVD Rhino package. (The booklet in Rhino's deluxe edition is hardbound and offers a bit more information and more pictures than the booklet included with the standard edition; if you're a Wilburys fanatic, the deluxe edition is probably worth the slight up charge over the standard edition.)    What sets the first album apart first and foremost is the marvelously pure tenor of rock legend Roy Orbison, who fortunately lived long enough to see his career revived and celebrated by his appearance on this album before succumbing to cardiovascular disease before recording sessions could start on the second album. What is not as often appreciated about the first album is how it also marked a return to form for Bob Dylan, who was emerging from his commercially unpopular Christian rock phase. Viewed strictly from the Dylan perspective, this was arguably his best effort since the legendary Blood on the Tracks, even though his unmistakable authorship was imprinted on only two of the tracks, Tweeter and the Monkey Man and Congratulations. On these tracks, Dylan's unique and edgy lyrical vernacular combined with his often underrated vocal ability to make for a remarkable musical experience. The second album is of almost the same overall high quality as the first, but somehow it just lacks the peaks provided by Dylan and Orbison on the first. Still,it was eminently worthy of the talents of the group.    From today's perspective, the Traveling Wilburys were a reminder that music, particularly rock music, which had moved through all sorts of dark phases in the 70s and mid-80s, was above all supposed to be about having fun, both for the audience and for the performers. The members of the Traveling Wilburys sure were having fun recording this album, which when I really think about it, is what makes listening to this album after too long an absence, such a pure, unadulterated joy.
B00005ATQF|5.0|This is one of the most quotable movies of all time.  I'm sure you've used some of the quotes yourself, even if you don't know where they came from.  The first half of the movie is the best part.  You know that for this much money you get \\"everything you want.\\"
B00005JPLW|3.0|After all the hype about this movie and all the good reviews I expected probably too much.  The story is known and gives a lot of space for an excellent movie, but this one tries too badly to create a certain ambiente and lacks of suspense and interesting story.  The special effects are very good.  Bruckheimer or Ridley Scott should have made this movie.  A shame!
B000QQFKYE|5.0|There are some artists such as Thomas Pynchon, James Joyce and Ornette Coleman that transcend the apparent limitations of the artistic fields in which they toil. Their work is deeper and more expansive than that of their colleagues, opening doors of multiple perspectives that encourage limitless ways of seeing and experiencing the world(s) that we too often take for granted. David Lynch is one of those artists.     Inland Empire is a visual and aural masterpiece, a seamless work of art, a tour de force of imagination and poetic skill. For those who like their art pure and without boundaries, I'm of the opinion that Inland Empire is one of the greatest films of all time. And the rabbits are pure genius.
0316067598|4.0|Good read, Mr. Luttrell spends a large part of the book on the Seal training which was interesting.  I would of like to seen a little more background on the rest of the team, other assignments togather etc. A follow up on the fate of the Afgan town and the leaders of the commmunity would be nice.  The book puts a human face to the horrors of war and personalizes it in a unique way unlike any I have read of this ongoing campaign.   His description of his friends and family in Texas are very heartwarming. That so many people would turn out for his return was amazing.  Jim
B000819PKC|5.0|Once again Jay Kay and the boys take you on a musical journey filled with funk, rock, disco and acid jazz. This is a stellar cd from start to finish, I am glad they took their time to put out another amazing record. It gets me so heated that American's dont give Jamiroquai any shine, Jay Kay is one of the most talented singers and writers of this generation. I cant wait to see what they come up with next.
B0000A02TZ|4.0|What can I say? This movie is one of my all time favorates. The cast of characyers here are awsome.
0143036742|1.0|I spotted this book while on vacation abroad in the English section and picked it up because the title amused me and the first page or so was clever....I thought I would be hooked. Unfortunately, I never got really into the story, found the writing incredibly weak and didn't care what happened to any of the characters. So I was forced to do something I very rarely allow myself to do .... I put the book down without finishing it and haven't looked back. I realize now that I will never know how it ends and even more poignant: I could care less!     What really gets me though, and what I truly can't imagine is what anyone could possibly find funny and humorous about this book. It completely escapes me. It is the story of a family, broken apart before we ever meet them by politics, war, greed, and stubbornness. When the patriarch remarries a much younger social-climbing \\"tart\\" who is clearly only after his money,  his two daughters must set aside their differences and join together against this common enemy. There is nothing funny about duping an eighty-something year old man and taking him for all he's worth; there is nothing funny about two sisters fighting over an inheritance (especially when the parent is alive); there is nothing funny about the pains people go through to take care of elderly parents....I could go on and on.  Clearly, I recommend passing over this one...If you are somehow still leaning towards reading it, I recommend taking it out of the library and saving your money!
B000002UZ4|5.0|I've always been a hugh Pet Shop Boys fan, and when I lived in Canada (Toronto) I was lucky enough to see the Behaviour Tour.  Even though I already own all the songs on this Disc, I bought this CD again.<br /><br />Yes this is the second copy I've bought - one at home, and now one in the Juke Box at work.  Filling a bar's Juke Box can be difficult - only 100 slots to please everybody who could walk through the door.  Greatest Hits CDs are popular in Jukes for that reason - you an Artist's songs that are most likely to be played using only one slot.<br /><br />What makes this Greatest Hits better than most, is that there is FAR less filler - the inside Jacket tells you how far up the charts each song went - it's a true \\"SINGLES\\" collection - not just a 'teaser' that will keep you buying all of their CDs.<br /><br />This CD has been in our Juke Box for about 3 weeks now, and it gets a LOT of play - far more than the vast majority of CDs we've placed in the Juke.<br /><br />If you're a die-hard PSB fan, then you already have this CD, if you're not a die-hard fan but still looking at this review then you will enjoy playing this one in your car - it's perfect for listening straight through!
B00005JN0T|5.0|I finally caught this film, almost by accident, since it had been broadcast on basic cable earlier, and taped it, which came in handy for this is a great movie, complex and challenging and mind-expanding from beginning to end, and in itself may be a \\"buy\\" in my near future, based only on what I saw at first, and further on and in, and again.  If you see this and like it, or love it (as I did/do), this would be a worthy addition to any collection of great filmic sci-fi treatments of classic other medium, but it stands alone as just a great, intelligent, sci-film and one of the best I've ever seen.<br /><br />Throughout and at the end, while marveling at this, the smartest and most innovative Hollywood sci-fi film since perhaps the first \\"Matrix,\\" I kept wondering, why can't soul-less and money/fame corrupted Steven come up with a gem like this anymore?  This puts Spielberg's recent tries (AI, Minority Report, War of the Worlds - Remake), to shame.  I, Robot is compelling, start to finish, and despite some obvious action-adventure trappings along the way, almost everything about this feels and plays right on the mark.<br /><br />It seems an injustice to do any sort of capsule storyline review, as it might contain spoilers.  Suffice it to say that among all the FX, which are spectacular and so well blended into live action scenes as to be almost unnoticed at times while one is caught up in the story and characters and superb, mostly linear plot, the individual robot face and body renderings are first rate.  As are extended times when multitudes of robots become \\"insurgents\\" against the madness and folly of mere human thinking, and other parts when the 2035AD robots personally go after Will Smith (how could they?!).  Of course, true to the original material, it's not as simple as your average \\"Terminator\\" flick, and goes light years beyond what I think Steven could've come up with.<br /><br />I tend towards trying to write more lengthly reviews on Amazon, but this film is so nearly perfect, to those who really get it, that words fail in a way.  If you've never seen this, and are at all into really \\"deep\\" ideas in a 21st century Hollywood sci-fi film, along with great FX which only add and do not retract from the whole, you owe yourself a possible treat.<br /><br />Once in awhile, the corporate Hollywood film structure, either intentionally or accidentally comes up with a clear winner.  Especially in the sci-fi/fantasy genre.  This is surely one.  I was completely blown away by this, perhaps because I didn't expect too much given recent industry efforts and after seeing former master Spielberg fail again and again, despite the budgets and celebrities, but like the original Matrix and followups, this really broke new ground for me, and made me think and for a long time following my initial viewing.<br /><br />This film will either stick to your metaphysical sci-fi ribs or not.  All I really had/have to go on, is years of either silly or disappointing efforts from the studio system to give real due to a master of sci-fi, and while maintaining purely action-oriented entertainment sequences, this goes so much deeper, and is well worth repeated viewings, and enjoyment of all the great things this work has to offer.<br /><br />I'd give it six stars if I could.  A modern day sci-fi/fantasy masterpiece, based upon the works and ideas of one of the greatest and most imaginative minds of this, or any other era.  Great, great film...to those who really get it, that words fail in a way.  If you've never seen this, and are at all into really \\"deep\\" ideas in a 21st century Hollywood sci-fi film, along with great FX which only add and do not retract from the whole, you owe yourself a possible treat.    Once in awhile, the corporate Hollywood film structure, either intentionally or accidentally comes up with a clear winner.  Especially in the sci-fi/fantasy genre.  This is surely one.  I was completely blown away by this, perhaps because I didn't expect too much given recent industry efforts and after seeing former master Spielberg fail again and again, despite the budgets and celebrities, but like the original Matrix and followups, this really broke new ground for me, and made me think and for a long time following my initial viewing.    This film will either stick to your metaphysical sci-fi ribs or not.  All I really had/have to go on, is years of either silly or disappointing efforts from the studio system to give real due to a master of sci-fi, and while maintaining purely action-oriented entertainment sequences, this goes so much deeper, and is well worth repeated viewings, and enjoyment of all the great things this work has to offer.    I'd give it six stars if I could.  A modern day sci-fi/fantasy masterpiece, based upon the works and ideas of one of the greatest and most imaginative minds of this, or any other era.  Great, great film...
B000PY52EU|4.0|Wholesome is the word that comes to mind when I think of this movie about tawdry sex, redemption, and Southern comfort. The South, I am afraid, has by now become as much an idea as a place, so I am not too sure about this picture's soul, which is partly pure and partly darkened by a certain Southernness the director exploits. This trades on the taboo of white/black sexuality and all that entails in the South. Still, the director's love of music and his honest effort to find love between the races as well as between the sexes seems to motivate him and the actors, who are as genuine as grits. Samuel Jackson is a great actor but doesn't do Southern especially well, wherever he may be from originally. He may be too intelligent to get it right, too intellectual looking, but Ms Ricci is spot on as a tramp with an itch and a heart of gold. She is America's bravest actress who, curiously, seems to remain the exact same age from film to film. The music is the main character here as with the director's previous work. He has an itch for that sound of the South.
0156027321|5.0|This book was recommended by a friend, and rightly so, the absurdness of the concept of being stranded with a bengal tiger becomes very believable.  Enjoy this read.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Ok, so I tried to watch this show when it was on TV and I just could NOT get into it.  I'm predisposed to loath anything involving a cowboy hat so that is prob why.  Anyway thanks to a shoulder injury that kept me couch-ridden and a marathon on Sci Fi network, I have turn around 180 on this series.  The acting is incredible and the scripts are tight.  I won't go on and on about what makes this series work but if you have not thought about this show then I encourage you to try it.
0061120073|5.0|There are no words to describe how wonderful this book is.  I've read many books in my life and this is the #1, all time favorite, desert island pick.  I've read it four times and it always touches me.  I can't imagine a person with a heart who wouldn't find a friend in Francie.  Read this book.  If you buy a one cent used copy or check it out from the library, read it.  You will not be sorry.
032147404X|3.0|The Digital Photography Book is full of very helpful information for the beginning photographer.  I have found it immensely helpful.  The content earns Scott Kelby 5 stars!  ON THE OTHERHAND: the binding fell apart before I was half way done reading the book.  The quality of construction is very bad, worth only 1 star, thus the overall rating of 3 stars.  I can't remember the last book I bought that fell apart so fast.
0688156819|5.0|I bought this as a gift for my wife, who is a big Tim Burton fan. It went over great! The book is nicely printed hardcover, making a good gift presentation. The illustrations and poetry are sometimes disturbing, but that was to be expected.
B000KGGLCU|5.0|I'm a Madonna freak so this review will be very biased.  But even if you are not a Madonna fan, you will like this dvd for the shear drama and production of her latest tour -- The Confessions Tour.  I went to her concert when whe came out of ther hiatus, The Ray of Light Tour, and she, her crew, the production, and the entire show was just an awesome spectacle.  In this dvd, all the songs transitioned smoothly from one songe to another.  The lights, the dancing, the themes within the show/concert, the costumes/clothes, the hair, the makeup -- all were well done and well executed.  Because this was recorded at Wembley Stadium in England, it made the show even better and has an air of sophistication, and dare I say, elegance because of her interest in anything equestrian.  My favorites were the opening song--Future Lovers--and Erotic.  I like Erotic because it was re-arranged within the disco-Studio-54-Era theme which turned out be an amazing number in the show.  Some political and social message but well integrated into the concert.  She still persist on doing the Jesus theme in which she wore this quasi-crown-of-thorn head band studed with dangling red crystals to resemble dripping blood from Christ's forehead during the cruxifition portion of the show.  Either you'll love it or hate it...but that's Madonna for you.
B0006OBPTA|5.0|My two sons are very happy with the DVDs. One of my old time favorites and now one of their new time favorite.
0143034901|5.0|This book was recommended to me in Tel Aviv before a long flight back to the States.  It couldn't have been a better choice.  I was brought into the characters and the twists of the story and loved every nuance.  I have recommended it for my book club and I am loving reading it again!  This time I am reading more slowly to once again taste the words and feel the passion.
B0000C3I6U|5.0|As much fun as it was 25 years ago.  Watching Arnie reminds me of Tiger Woods; at least one step ahead of his competitors at all times.  Hearing from the participants in the film was also interesting.
B000MR9D5E|4.0|I admit it, our family is hooked on the High-Def Discovery Channel. The Planet Earth series is definately worth it.  I haven't invested in Blu-Ray or HD-DVD yet, so I bought the standard DVD which does not do the content justice. After viewing it in High Def I can see some distortion with standard def DVD eventhough I am using an upscaling DVD player.  The content of the DVD is the same regardless of format, and it is by far the best nature series I have ever watched. Unbelievable shots that make you think \\"how did they get that?\\" all the time.
0345479092|5.0|This is a great book (recommended by my baby's pediatrician)!!  I finally am understanding my baby's cries as being overtired/overstimulated and feel better as a mom that I can soothe his crying by following the EASY method!!  Thanks!!
B000093FLA|3.0|Director Guy Ritchie returns to London's mean streets, rife again with characters such as Bullet Tooth Tony (Vinnie Jones) and Franky Four Fingers (Benicio Del Toro). Several interlocking plots revolve around a scramble for a stolen 86-karat diamond, an attempt to fix a boxing match and ... pigs. Brad Pitt is a standout as a bare-knuckles fighter who speaks a gypsy dialect nobody understands.
B0000073I5|5.0|Before there was Mike and the Mechanics there was Mike Rutherford, Genesis' incredible guitarist. This album is genuine Mr Rutherford and in my opinion the best he has ever done. His Mechanics music was popular and sold alot of albums but not many people have heard this one. It is much different than the Mechanics stuff. It is real and, like old Genesis, very progresive. Sit back and go for a cool ride.
1594489505|5.0|Reading A Thousand Splendid Suns after reading Kabul Beauty School was an continuance of the saga of the largely wretched lives of women in Afghanistan. The vile treatment of an entire gender is appalling, heart-wrenching, and should give every spoiled Western woman pause...we have it sooooo good in our world.<br /><br />The story revolves around two women: Mariam and Laila. It begins with a young Mariam, her circumstance of birth and the life she lives with her mother who had been a maid in a wealthy Afghan family's home. Her father appeared to adore her until she actually came to see him in his comfortable, wealthy surroundings from her own subsistence-living existence with her outcast mother. Later we are introduced to Laila, who comes from a family with a loving father and once loving mother, who is so distraught over the loss of her two sons in the Afghan wars that she cannot care for or even about her beautiful young daughter. This family shows what a loving father can do for his daughter, and in the end, it was his influence, love, and guidance that helped her survive and even thrive after years in a horrendous familial situation which she shared with the lady, Mariam.<br /><br />Once again, Khaled Hosseini has told a poignant tale about his homeland. The Kite Runner is one of my favorite reads. It tells about the life of a couple of young boys and how the tragedies of war, religion, class, and politics affect every aspect of life and family living in Afghanistan. There are so many tribes and the intertribal hatred is great. However, this is the same country that produced this wonderful, articulate writer who has had the talent, the right voice, and the nerve to tell its stories.<br /><br />Carolyn Rowe Hill
B0000DEOAI|5.0|When I first listened to this album I thought it was splendid. I was taken by the blends of Instruments and Voices on this project; there is so much quality in the mixes. I caught myself \\"vibing'\\" to most of the songs. It is great to relax to and a number of tracks have great messages. This has become a great tool for relaxation for me and I would recommend it to everyone.  J.T.B
B000088NSY|5.0|Maybe the great album from this band, the sound in this format its amazing, there is \\"space\\" for all instruments and voice. A step ahead in sound development.
B000MRA5EM|2.0|This is pretty enjoyable when watching it in IMAX.  However when viewing it at home, it's really a less than average underwater documentary.  Right from the beginning line when Depp says \\"These are not visitors from an alien planet...\\", you can pretty much tell this is aimed at a very young audience.  It tries to be 'cute' a little too often, and really doesn't present information in much detail.  Not sure what to expect though when you're covering all aspects of the ocean in 41 minutes.    It has nice cinematography and realistic colors, but nothing groundbreaking.  I've seen better documentaries on discovery.  This is only worth watching at IMAX.
0060599847|5.0|I have been involved in direct sales for several years and have been exposed to many motivational trainings and books. I have found this to be GREAT! Both educational and motivational. I have really enjoyed Jack's way of sharing his success principles and stories. He prompts you take a close look at yourself and your life, and helps you to realize that life can be MORE for YOU. This is a gift you give yourself!  The new example you will set for your friends and family, as a result, is a gift you will give to them.
B000JJS8TM|4.0|I purchased LOVE because of the availability in the DVD format.  For years I've wondered why DVD Audio hasn't caught on, it never dawned on me that the average consumer didn't have an understanding of the word AUDIO or perhaps the fault is in the labeling as DVD as it implies VIDEO.  Regardless of why, it is a shame that more recordings aren't released in the DVD format.  Whether one chooses to listen in PCM stereo, 96kHz/24-bit, Dolby 5.1, or my personal favorite, DTS-ES, the sound quality of DVD is remarkable!  The fact that HD DVD's uses DTS bit-stream for DD lends support to my supposition that DTS provides a superior soundfield.    George Martin and his son Giles, having gone back to the original recorded elements, not just the master recordings, and have produced an incredible mixture of remarkable recordings with the best reproducing technology available.  I know all the songs, but have never experienced them like this.     However, there is a problem that I've discovered.  The DVD will not load on a Pioneer DVR-640H.  It will load on an older Pioneer DVR-7000 and MacBook Pro.  The problem with Mac is that although it decodes DD, it doesn't decode DTS.  I solved this problem by using a Logitech Z-5500 surround system which decodes DTS through an optical connection.  [[ASIN:B0002WPSBC Logitech Z-5500 THX-certified, 505-Watt 5.1 Digital Surround Sound Speaker System]]    UPDATE January 2008 - Compatible Problem:  After having the Pioneer DVR-640H serviced within its original warranty period, the LOVE DVD will now load (firmware update).  Unfortunately, Pioneer no longer provides firmware updates for their products via disc which means sending them the unit.  Accordingly, they've applied an extension to the product's original warranty for firmware updates.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|The DVD Audio Disc sounds amazing!<br />If you want your Beatles in the virgin, untouched form, this isn't for you but if you want something a little bit different, but still sticks to familiar Beatles sounds, then this is a must have.<br /><br />This is by farrrrr better then Anthology IMO.
0060899190|5.0|I have been a fan of the Postsecret phenomenon since the first book came out. They are moving, and make one feel that you are not alone. Everyone has baggage. quirks. Human beings have alot going on. You must see the Book Trailer just posted on Youtube, it is inspirational, a work of art and makes you want to buy the books! Go to Youtube and search for Postsecret, and watch!! Its extraordinary!
0316010669|3.0|I am currently reading this book and surprisingly I havent finished it yet. To me its a very slow read. I usually will pick up a book and have a hard time putting it down. The stories are pretty interesting for the most part but its not enough to get me excited. So far I haven't learned anything that wow's me. (although i'm only half way thru it). I'm hoping it'll pick up the pace as I keep reading.
075640407X|5.0|C. S. Lewis said of Lord of the Rings: \\"Here are beauties which pierce like swords or burn like cold iron; here is a book that will break your heart ... good beyond hope.\\" To use it for this book is high praise, indeed, but accurate.    I've been reading fantasy since the 60's, and have lost track of the number of copies of LOTR I've worn out.  Of the 1,000's of books sitting on my shelves, I can count on the fingers of one hand the ones that reach that level:  The Fionavar Tapestry, the first Deryni trilogy, the Belgariad Epic, and the Riddlemaster of Hed.  This pantheon now has a new member.  Never have I read a book that was so engrossing, so quickly.  I cannot praise it enough.  Mr Rothfuss, where have you been hiding?
0790729342|5.0|I first saw this movie over 20 years ago and didn't like it because I didn't like any of the characters. Flashforward two decades and I now like at least six of them. That tells you the way time builds human understanding. As a kid I assumed that the world was a good place, but now I know it to be equal parts good and evil. Few films showcase this eventuality more artfully and powerfully than the Road Warrior. This is an amazing production and I truly envy you if you've never seen it before.<br /><br />The Road Warrior is both entertaining and deeply enlightening. There is more truth in its portrayal of human nature than a million self-help books and a hundred Hollywood movies. Civilization's veneer is thin. Without police and a government we would revert to shameful behaviors and attempt to survive by any means necessary. Max and the Gyro Captain are great but I still think that the feral boy character steals the spotlight from everyone else. The movie also tells us much about the nature of friendship along with the way we quickly bond with others in times of need. If you haven't seen it please do.
B00000IQW5|5.0|Not only was this item in excellent condition, delivery time was at it's best.  The product was received in less then four days.  I would definately order from this murchant.  Thank you.
B000RO9PXC|4.0|This is not the perfect Doors album. It doesn't have much of a sheen. Heck, it's raw, loose and mean. I've been waiting for this one. The Doors on an average night with the singer going, going...but it's toughness belies an attitude straight out of Doors mythology. Love it, hate it, doesn't matter much. It's rock and roll, baby and I'm listening.
B00005JPMZ|2.0|It's funny how fast Hollywood pumps out these terrible CGI movies as a way to make a quick buck. But did they have to ruin one of my childhood favorites? I mean, if they want to exploit another movie by over- merchandising a bad story with even more obnoxious celebrity voices, they should've just made Shrek 4. The kids of this generation are getting gypped. Don't watch this movie.
B000Q6GUTI|4.0|Good movie, not too deep or elaborate. Movie has a few good twists, pretty good plot, and pretty good acting- would recommend if you like action movies.
B000N3ST8O|5.0|The video makes it worth it and there are some new versions of a few songs.<br />I bought this because I am a huge fan, and the reviews said you gotta see the dvd. The inside look in her own words is a really nice thing and I thing it also clears up misconceptions some people seem to have about her music. Stevie Nicks is a great artist and there will never be another like her. I highly reccomend this disk set, even if you have some of these songs.
B000OCXF0Q|4.0|It's incredible, in Mxico is censored, i bought the disc and surprise, doesn't appear the bad words, so i had to bought it again with the parental advisory label, and Im very happy now it's a very funny Album.
B000QXDED6|2.0|What really lets this film down for me is the poor quality of the film transfer onto DVD. The movie is shot in a very gloomy sepia style atmosphere.  It doesn't look very good on my HDTV, even using a superb SD upscaler. I didn't like the immersion at all - it just looked like junk film work that is better for art festivals. This is an art experiment, not a movie and it doesn't break any new ground. The blood spurts look pretty pathetic at times.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|I absolutely love this show!  You get comedy and suspense.  Sometimes there is some gore, but not usually.    My only problem with the dvd set itself is that they have the dvd's layered.  If you want to pop in disc 2, you have to take disc 1 out first.  But I didn't thing that was bad enough to drop a whole star.    I can't wait to get Season 2!
1579126286|5.0|Evil Under the Sun takes place at a secluded seaside resort in England. Arlena Stuart Marshall, is young and beautiful and one of those Agatha Christie characters who seems to inspire all she meets to wish her dead. So it is small surprise when she is killed and none other than Hercule Poirot is called upon to solve the case using little more than his famous little grey cells.     This is a very typical Christie novel in many ways. It happens in a \\"bottle\\" environment where no one else comes and goes, it has an eclectic cast of characters almost all of whom seem to have a motive, and the crime seems impossible to solve. It is, however, different from many of Dame Agatha's works in the sense that it is executed so very well. Not to say that most of her novels are poor, but this one really shines. The suspects are both interesting and entertaining. Poirot is at his best as he works through things in his fashion with his little remarks raining dry humor at just the right moments. The location of secluded island resort is a refreshing change, and the mystery itself definitely kept me engaged from start to finish.     I've read a number of Hercule Poirot novels, and found some very good and a few not so good. Evil Under the Sun is an excellent mystery novel that I would recommend as a great starting point to readers new to Agatha Christie as well as established fans of her work. It's both funny and compelling and features one of the best fictional detectives at his very best.  Other Christie novels that are well worth trying include [[ASIN:1579126898 Death on the Nile: A Hercule Poirot Mystery (Agatha Christie Collection)]] and [[ASIN:1579126278 The Murder of Roger Ackroyd: A Hercule Poirot Mystery (Agatha Christie Collection)]].
B0001MDP3G|5.0|Loved Jude Law! The story line was awesome and so was the cast. Great film with some sad and good moments. It's a love story that will make you cry and laugh at times. I was touched!
B000I5Y8ZU|2.0|Its the same type of punk rock music you've heard for the last few years. Absolutley nothing new or original. I wouldn't say its a bad album, just mediocre. I would only really listen to this album if I was bored and needed to kill some time.
B0000AQS6R|5.0|It was disappointing to find out that this DVD is not being sold in stores at the present time, so I was thrilled to find it available through Amazon.  Thank you so much for your very prompt service and for the excellent condition of this product.  William Byers
1582701709|1.0|OK I have some other words: repetitive, nonsense, did I say repetitive? I put this on the shelf with my pet rock.
0345479092|5.0|The Baby Whisperer has truly been a lifesaver. My husband and I are proud parents of a 20 week old son whom I had jokingly dubbed \\"H.M.\\" (High Maintenance). He is my third child and my husband's first. I thought I knew a thing or two about babies but this little one had me chained to my rocking chair for 8 weeks until I went back to work. My daughter (aged 25) has been my babysitter from the time he was 8 weeks old until present so she has been strapped to the rocking chair for the last 12 weeks. Our little man simply refused to sleep unless he was being held. At night, he slept in his bouncy seat (if you want to call it that) and then when he was about 13 weeks old, he started sleeping in Mom and Dad's bed. As you can imagine, neither my husband nor I could get a good night's sleep with my husband worrying about rolling on him and me being pushed to the very edge of the bed. The little guy had a crib but the last time he slept in it was when he was 1 week old. I desperately started searching the internet for help. I ended up on a forum that recommended BabyWise by Gary Ezzo. After reading all of the reviews, I decided to buy it. One of the BabyWise reviewers recommended The Baby Whisperer so I bought it too. I figured with both books being highly rated that one of them would work for us. I liked the BabyWise book but I wasn't looking forward to making my baby `cry it out'. If you are dedicated to attachment parenting (which is what I was doing unknowingly), you won't like The Baby Whisperer. If you believe parents should let their baby `cry it out', you won't like The Baby Whisperer. Tracy Hogg offers something else...an E-A-S-Y solution (Eating/Activity/Sleep/You). She recommends putting your baby on a schedule - not a rigid schedule but the baby should eat first, then have an awake time, then sleep and while sleeping the parents actually get \\"YOU\\" time. She urges parents to treat their baby as a little human being...with respect. For example, talk to your baby like this: \\"Are you getting sleepy? I can tell you're tired. Are you ready for naptime? Let's go put you to sleep.\\" You can use any phrase you want to but you need to say the same thing every time you lay him down. She recommends that you watch for sleepy signs (yawning, rubbing eyes etc.) and then put him in his crib while still awake (recommended by Ezzo as well) but instead of letting the baby cry it out, you pat the baby on his back to comfort him while making a \\"SH-SH-SH\\" sound. If he won't stop crying then you pick him up and comfort him until he's quiet and then you lay him back down again telling the baby \\"You're alright. It's night-night time.\\" or whatever phrase you like. You do this over and over again until the baby lies down without crying. It takes patience and consistency but there's a great payoff. And I think it's much better than letting your baby cry for 15 to 20 minutes or more nonstop. We put our baby on the E-A-S-Y plan 8 days ago. Since we were starting the E-A-S-Y method with a 4 month old with ingrained habits, I knew it wasn't going to be easy but surprisingly, it only took him 5 days to be completely trained and he now takes three 2-hour daytime naps and is sleeping in his crib all night (he wakes up once or twice during the night but once given a pacifier he goes right back to sleep). By the way, both Gary Ezzo and Tracy Hogg say that it takes on average 3 to 5 days to change a baby's sleeping habits or feeding habits. You just have to be patient and consistent. I love this book. I have ordered The Baby Whisperer for a friend who just had a baby 3 days ago and also ordered it for two of my expecting friends. I sure wish I had read it before my baby was born.ke this: \\"Are you getting sleepy? I can tell you're tired. Are you ready for naptime? Let's go put you to sleep.\\" You can use any phrase you want to but you need to say the same thing every time you lay him down. She recommends that you watch for sleepy signs (yawning, rubbing eyes etc.) and then put him in his crib while still awake (recommended by Ezzo as well) but instead of letting the baby cry it out, you pat the baby on his back to comfort him while making a \\"SH-SH-SH\\" sound. If he won't stop crying then you pick him up and comfort him until he's quiet and then you lay him back down again telling the baby \\"You're alright. It's night-night time.\\" or whatever phrase you like. You do this over and over again until the baby lies down without crying. It takes patience and consistency but there's a great payoff. And I think it's much better than letting your baby cry for 15 to 20 minutes or more nonstop. We put our baby on the E-A-S-Y plan 8 days ago. Since we were starting the E-A-S-Y method with a 4 month old with ingrained habits, I knew it wasn't going to be easy but surprisingly, it only took him 5 days to be completely trained and he now takes three 2-hour daytime naps and is sleeping in his crib all night (he wakes up once or twice during the night but once given a pacifier he goes right back to sleep). By the way, both Gary Ezzo and Tracy Hogg say that it takes on average 3 to 5 days to change a baby's sleeping habits or feeding habits. You just have to be patient and consistent. I love this book. I have ordered The Baby Whisperer for a friend who just had a baby 3 days ago and also ordered it for two of my expecting friends. I sure wish I had read it before my baby was born.
B000MZHW40|5.0|This is definitely a must-see! After renting this movie, we went out and bought it. Blood Diamond has an amazing & unique story, which is hard to find in movies. They didn't \\"Hollywood\\" it up either which is a huge problem with movies nowadays-they stuck to the story.    The movie also has great acting- Dicaprio & Hansou were incredible. I definitely recommend this movie!
B000LE1GVW|5.0|More songs!  Must. Have. More. Paulo.  Just listening to this CD, I find myself with a big old dumb smile on my face.  This is the way I like my music to make me feel.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is what happens when everything about a show just comes together.  Very well written, fantastic cast, in a great setting.  Its one of those shows you can watch over and over again and never get sick of.  In my opinion, the best sci-fi if the not best overall show ever made.  Its to bad those geniuses at Fox canceled it.
0486424545|5.0|A true classic!  Irony comes in double helpings here, as Forster presents many themes of opposites, such as city vs. country.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />James Conroyd Martin, author of PUSH NOT THE RIVER and AGAINST A CRIMSON SKY [[ASIN:0312311532 Push Not the River]]
0060849827|5.0|I recently moved back to Oregon after being away for 20 years or so and am now very passionate about hiking and nature.While I am not by any means a risk taking hiker I wanted to feel more secure in my surroundings.  This is a great LITTLE book that is easily carried in a backpack and it is packed with all sorts of useful information on outdoor survival.When you read about people that die because they got stuck in the snow it's a wake up call that you should know what to \\"just in case\\". May I also reccomend that parents should buy their children WILLY WHITEFEATHER'S OUTDOOR SURVIVAL BOOK and THE RIVER BOOK they are both excellent books for teaching children outdoor survival skills. The outdoors shouldn't be a scary place and there is no reason for people to die because they are lost or stranded after all the wilderness was our ancestors home!
B000R4SMCW|4.0|How can one man be so darn masterful at acting?  Sir Anthony Hopkins adds suspense and pinche to this murder mystery.  Ryan Gosling plays a capable \\"good guy\\" to Hopkins \\"bad guy\\" but shows his youth and inexperience.  The movie has several twists and turns that keep the viewer watching until the very end.  Overall, it was a good movie.  Much better than some of the crud coming out of Hollywood lately.  Worth the price of admission or the cost of the DVD.
B000I5Y8ZU|5.0|this is a must have cd.  cross between punk and rock-great!  cancer is one of the many great songs on the disk.
B000FQ4M58|3.0|After having enjoyed Bat 1, Dead Ringer, and Bat II for years I really had my hopes up for this one. Notsomuch.    The good:    Jim Steinman (who has become a little too show music oriented, but not to the point that he's lost himself)  Meat Loaf's voice - he still has it  Bringing back some old Stienman - always loved Bad for Good, but with Meat's vocals it's even better.  Patti Russo - wow, did you even need Marion Raven and Jennifer Hudson (see the bad)      The Bad:    Desmond Child and his songs - bad, bad, bad. Some people may like his songs, but they don't belong on any Bat albums - they don't fit, they are too light, and the lyrics - ugh. I'd rather see Meat hook up with a better writer/producer - one that's not still in the 80s.    Cry Over Me - Diane Warren - what the..? Awful.    Jennifer Hudson - This song (Future Ain't)would have been SO much better with Patti or just Meat by himself. She ruined it for me.    The Bottom Line: There are some good Jim Steinman songs that lean a little too far toward show music (the Andrew Lloyd Webber variety), but those are still good - the rest is totally forgettable or just horrible. Listen to this and then grab Bat II and see what I mean - for all of the work, effort, and talent that went into this, it should have topped Bat II, but it seems like it never even had a chance.    Truthfully, I don't think we'll ever see a Bat 4 - I think this was the final true Meatloaf effort. If that is so, I wish it had gone out with a bang and not with a whimper. I've been a fan for almost 20 years and I have never gotten tired of the other ones, which is good - I think they will have to do.
B000002I25|5.0|This was the opus of their career. They never did anything else to equal the quality and power of the music on this album. It is the rock album you can listen to 1,000 times and still enjoy it again.    Unfortunately, it seems The Doors used all of their best material on their first try. Perhaps it was the heavy touring and drugs or Morrison's craziness. The first album showed they had great talent and potential, unfortunately they wasted it.    Certainly, they had some big hit singles after this, and \\"Waiting for the Sun\\" was a fine album, but had Morrison not died when he did, it's unlikely the group would have attained the cult status it has achieved.
1400032717|5.0|This is an extraordinary book, and I believe that listening to it was even better than reading it. The \\"voice\\" of Christopher Boone provided nuance and clarity better than the written word could have done.  His efforts to deal with a world he didn't understand were creative and even brilliant.     It wouldn't matter to me if Christopher's behavior were \\"authentically\\" autistic or not.  This is fiction.  And it is credible, stimulating and well done.  I hope to hear more about Christopher in a future book.
B000QUCNOK|4.0|Although I have not read the book that this film was based on, I could not resist watching the movie that includes cast of actors such as Alan Rickman, Dustin Hoffman and some of the most beautiful red haired women (actresses) one has ever seen on the screen.  This is a story about young man who can express himself only thru his sense of smell.  He is deprived in every way except in his ability to experience pleasure in cataloguing smells of the world around him.  Ben Whishaw is fantastic in portraying this character with all his depravity for motherly love, decent upbringing and childhood, desire to survive harsh life at any costs while bringing misfortune to all his encounters along the way - starting with his own mother from the day of his birth, perfume master who teaches him a trade and yound women, whose ethernal essence his tries so desperately to preserve.  Is this story about the man with a special gift, or a story of love that is destructive in all its beauty; is it a story of one's purpose and all the emotional numbness that comes from need to experience love and obtain one's own essence in this world- no matter what the cost?  The character of this movie is so intense, in his own way - he is greater than life itself in spite of the fact that the only way he can express himself is thru creation of the ethernal (love) perfume that disarms all around him.  This poor soul is not seeking riches, or fame, or power -- all he wants is to experience love and beauty he has never had.  He commits the unthinkable for the brief moment to experience such hapiness.  You will carry images from this movie for a long, long time.  Excellent story, talented director and fantastic cast.
0876852649|2.0|J li alguns ttulos do autor tanto de prosa como poesia e de longe esse  um dos piores.      um livro sobre o perodo entre o Ham on Rye e o Post Office (Misto quente e Cartas na Rua no Brasil). Basicamente fala do final de sua vida na casa dos seus pais, de parte da viagem que o autor fez pelos Estados Unidos e da vida que levou ao lado da sua primeira namorada, que o deixa no fim do livro.     Enquanto isso o que acontece  basicamente ele bebe ao lado da namorada alcolatra (que na vida real morreu disso) e pula de emprego em emprego, obviamente mal remunerados, degradantes, etc...     Sem delongas,  um livro bastante chato e repetitivo. Como recentemente saiu um filme baseado no livro, como f, resolvi ler antes de me aventurar  no DVD.    Se vc nunca leu nada do autor, recomendo comear pelo Ham on Rye ou Mulheres, meus romances preferidos ou, se quiser um de contos, v de Hot Water Music (Numa Fria no Brasil). Esses so geniais.
0451527046|5.0|By Laura B.          Treasure Island is an amazing story of adventure on the high seas, a tale of betrayal and friendship; an exciting saga of pirates on a search for buried treasure, this is a story that any age group will love. I have only seen Treasure Island movies in the past, and on reading the book I found the story different from what I've known. I am going to tell you a little about the book, I don't want to spoil the story so I won't tell you the entire thing.      The story first tells of how young Jim Hawkins got Captain Flint's Treasure map from Captain Billy Bones. Jim found the map in Billy Bones' sea chest when Jim and his mother were looking through the chest for the money that Bones owed them. Because you see Bones had died during his attempt to escape the evil pirates who were after him. So Jim and his mother had to hurriedly look for the money, and while his mother was trying to count out the right amount of money Jim took Captain Flint's map.      After the pirates attacked the \\"Admiral Benbow\\" that was the name of the inn that the Hawkins family owned, Jim goes and gets help from Dr.Livesey and Squire Trelawney and together they board a ship called the Hispaniola and set a course for Treasure Island.     On board Jim becomes friends with the ship's cook Long John Silver (who owns a parrot named Cap'n Flint after the infamous pirate captain), but little does Jim know that Silver is actually a pirate and an ex-member of Captain Flint's crew. Jim soon learns of a sinister plot being made by Silver to steal the treasure that might endanger him and his friends.     I won't say anymore. If you're the type that enjoys stories of pirates, treasure, and a parrot that says \\"pieces of eight, pieces of eight\\" you'll have to read the book. You can also read other Robert Louis Stevenson books like Kidnapped which I haven't read but it's supposed to be good, but the book you'll enjoy most is Treasure Island.
1594489505|5.0|This is one superb book and a real eye opener to our way of life here in America.  Absolutely could not put it down.  Excellent writing!    I recommend this read as one of the best yet.  I can hardly wait for this author's next book.
0385733577|4.0|Others have given an overview of the book.  I have to say that reading it is like listening to Dennis Miller; the historical and mythological allusions fly thick and fast, and it's a mental exercise to keep in mind just who is who, and who they were once believed to be.  If reading this book doesn't stimulate your interest in what humanity has believed over the millenia, and why, then you are dead to our world's culture.
B000001OAA|4.0|When I first heard this band, I was 15.  I am now 26, soon to be 27, and have recently rediscovered what used to be my favorite band and album back in 1995.  The first album does not hold as well to the test of time as the second one did, some of the songs have lost the synthetic polish they once had due to changing and improved technology, but the beats are still there, the Lyrics are still strong and Mansons vocals and moxy are timeless.      \\"Queer\\" has a british trip-hop sound to it and is my favorite track on this CD and one of my favorite Garbage tracks of all time.  The beat and melody are simple and do not rely on whatever protools technology were available at the time to be good.  \\"Only Happy when it Rains\\" is a genre (alternative) defining song and though it was never one of my favorites as far as the beat is concerned, the lyrics are at times poetic in that twisted ironic Garbade sort of way.  \\"Vow\\", \\"As Heaven is Wide\\" and especially \\"Stroke of Luck\\" have surprised me with how well they have held up.  I still like these songs so many years and life experiences later.  and \\"Milk\\" is a quaint little song I always find myself skipping to while driving late at night.    Surprisingly, one of my favorite songs at the time has lost alot of its luster today.  Perhaps I overplayed \\"Stupid Girl\\" at the time, or perhaps the song just had a unique sound which has since faded, or maybe the message about the \\"stupid girl\\" she is referencing just doesn't resonate with me the way it once did with a somewhat jaded 15 year old who moved around alot as a kid.  Whatever the reason the song, though still good, does not stand out like it once did.  \\"Not my Idea\\" is another song I once really liked but has fallen abit as far as my preferences go.  It actually sounds very similar to modern top 40 pop and I am surprised I liked it so much when Grunge was still big.    anyways, This is a great band and this is a great Album.  Dark, Brooding and Mysterious but not just made for teen angst.  There is a real maturity to this band I am just noticing now, having revisited them and their second album, Version 2.0, is incredible.  I am upset with myself for skipping that second album when I was 17, but then again, that is when Grunge and alternative was dead or dying and I had just discovered Hendrix, Morrison, Zeppelin, Santana and some other great classic artists.  But the band Garbage will always be something special to me.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|Even though a few will gripe about the grain effect in the picture, this  movie is visually stunning, and the sound is made to be pumped loud.  As for the movie, it's a great action packed film designed to do just what it does visually suck you in.
B0007Y08IS|1.0|This is a really bad movie. I'm a fan of the South Park film and was expecting the same sort of thing with Team America: the witty satire, the sharp comedy, the clever songs. Instead, Team America turned out to be an unfunny bore.    While watching this movie, I spent a good deal of time trying to figure out where exactly the comedy lies. What was I supposed to be laughing at? The dialogue isn't clever, but rather predictable and clichd. The characters are either stereotypes or archetypes drawn so broadly as to not even resemble anyone remotely life-like.     Nothing in the film was shocking or surprising. Even the sudden bursts of profanity had a ho-hum quality after watching South Park. The much talked about marionette sex scene was simply stupid and I can't believe it got so much press.    I was really surprised at how little I liked this film. It was truly awful. Thank god it was a rental and I didn't actually spend money buying it.
1576754227|4.0|A quick read with clear,concise, actionable steps to improve time management. A good resource for any field.
B000KX0IOK|1.0|This one is a gem. No, really. It is such a train-wreck that you can hardly believe that all these reviewers loved this one. I am sick of movies about people near my age trying to figure out what their life means, or why they are here on earth.  The main character is someone who has accepted the responsibility of teaching inner-city youths. That's good, but he fails to meet his responsibility to teach these students. He is too absorbed in his own concerns to provide these students with the instruction they deserve.  At one point, he claims that his problems stem from the state of the world, so George w. is too blame for his problems to some extent, but mostly its just his own inability to deal with life. So, if you can't handle self-absorbed liberals failing to meet uphold their responsibilities don't get this one. Have a good day!!!!
B000UDJS2S|3.0|Overall, I was disappointed with this film.  The main thing it has going for it is that it has very nice special effects.  The plot is very weak.  The whole concept behind the film is that the Devil needs someone to go trace down his son and send him back to hell.  It seems like a waste to spend an entire movie on a run away child plot.  That is not to mention that the film's concept of the Devil is so far removed from the biblical concept of the Devil that one is left wondering why the filmmakers did not give the guy a different name.  The plot doesn't get interesting until the end when it is declared that the Ghost Rider is going to use his power for good, but by then the movie is over.  Viewers are left with some loose ends, such as why the old man bothered to ride with the new Ghost Rider, since he really did nothing once he got there.  One is also left wondering why the old Ghost Rider, who it would seem was serving the Devil was so helpful, was working for the church and was not using his power against the Devil like the new one planned to do.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|I agree with the other reviewers in that this album is completely personal, original, and real. Kelly sounds like a woman, not a girl, like someone speaking from the heart and not from her producer's pocket.  It is obvious she cares a lot about this album, and her songs are all inflected with real emotion.  I am no music expert, but I love her beautiful, expressive, rich voice and how it is showcased in the fast, slow, and in-between songs.  A great album, something a woman can listen to and totally relate to, not some factory-made album written by someone else and released to make money.
1582701709|5.0|First, I'm impressed with the entire look and feel of the book.  The paper quality is more than I expected and it is a beauty to see.  But what this book contains are all the 'little secrets' that we've been taught all our lives and that we've just set aside for one reason or another.  'Secrets' to keep us happy and content, to keep us focused, to keep us in tune to the world around us and 'secrets' to keep us in control of our lives.  In a world full of chaos, we need to stay in control of the one thing that truly belongs to us, our lives.
B00000JMOF|5.0|One of the greatest horror movies ever made! I know Dracula came out first, but that is a much more subtle horror film than the \\"maniac monster on the loose\\" of \\"Frankenstein\\"! This film gives us the definitive Mad Doctor,Evil Assistant and Monster! Clive,Frye and Sloan give brilliant performances, but it is Karloff's genius performance that has kept this movie in the top 100 all time greatest films for eternity! Playing his part of the misunderstood undead being with pathos added so much to this picture, that can not be summed up in words. It is just a marvelous performance! I love the sequel \\"The Bride Of Frankenstein\\" but this one is better IMHO. I wanted my 500th review to be special, so I reviewed a film that changed my life! I was a monster kid from the first time I saw this movie. The film has been released on DVD 3 times and this review is for the 75th anniversay edition. The DVD transfer is excellent, but not perfect. I didn't think the audio was anything special, but what can you expect for a film celebrating 75 years! If you don't own any versions, buy the 75th anniversary edition, Otherwise wait for HD! Unless your a monster nut like me and buy it 4 times! Once on VHS and 3 times on DVD!
B000QEILLK|4.0|Nothing new is in there, lots of the best tracks of TFK are missing and they released it probably because they haven't done anything for months. It is good if you don't have most of the previous works though
B000Q6GUTI|5.0|Whew, they weren't lying when they warned about messing and TRUSTING the government.  Dude was on point with his aim and in the end came out on top!  This I will go out and buy.
1582701709|1.0|This is a bunch of bull. Yes if you think positively you will be more apt to \\"act\\" positively thus \\"attracting\\" what ever it is you want in life. According to this video you dont have to do anything but sit on your butt and think happy thoughts and eventually that new house or car you always wanted will be given. The example they showed with the kid and the bike is ridiculous. Unless you are a kid sitting around waiting for something to magically appear aint gonna happen. And even in that case it didnt magically appear someone had to take some action (mom/dad went to work in order to afford the bike). This is nothing but an infomercial that rips you off before you get to hear the \\"secret\\", if you actually paid for this crap.
B000F3AAUW|4.0|This album is like muesli, it's nutty, full of flavor, sweet and yet hard and crunchy in some parts.  It's an acquired taste, some of the samplings, mixing and sound effects might jar some senses but it's better than a lot of the mind-numbing Top 40 dreck that pollutes the airwaves.<br /><br />\\"Last Time\\", is one of my favorite songs, filled with wonderful disco music, and Cee-Lo's terrific gospel-influenced vocals (Hmmm, I wonder if Bj&ouml;rk's,\\"Oceania\\" was sampled onto this song?).  \\"Transformer\\", speedy anime music (reminds me of the theme of \\"Ultraman\\", an old Japanese live animation show) is bouncy, funny and goes well with Cee-Lo's rapid-fire rap and vocal gymnastics.  \\"On-line\\", terrific mixing, with chorus, and sexy sounds.  \\"Smiley Faces\\", Beatles samples meets 70s R & B and gospel, beautiful!  \\"St. Elsewhere\\" and \\"Who Cares?\\" are moody, introspective, and surprising in the complex lyrics and kaleidoscopic music. Loved \\"Storm Coming\\", was VERY impressed that Cee-Lo can RAWK hard.  Only complaint:  \\"Boogie Monster\\" and \\"Necromancing\\" make the strident feminist in me, huff and squirm.<br /><br />I guess this album is a lot like life, edgy, crazy, funny, frightening and keeps you guessing. I like it a lot.
0440418569|5.0|ok. so below me are a lot of one star and two star reviews.  do NOT listen to them. this book was absoultley wonderful, and for the people who take there time to write idiotic things, that only pertain to there specific religious beliefs, i have only one thing to say.  which is you got to caught up in the religious aspects. you got caught up in what you thought would happen. what perdictibly would happen. the problem was you didnt get caught up in the story.    im sorry, but yes, the great rebelion against the authority WAS lead up to a lot, and NO there was not a lot of explanation on that part, but because in harry potter when the veil was not described, or when remus and tonks didnt get the justice they deserved, did we hate the book?    NO we LOVED the book! i think that those of you who didnt not like this book, those of you who found it disappointing, should re-evalute this series. because you have unfairly, and wronly judged it.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|MY BROTHER JASON TOLD ME THAT THE SHOW DEXTER WHICH STARS MICHAEL C HALL AKA DAVID FISHER IN SIX FEET UNDER WHO IS PLAYING LEAD ROLE OF DEXTER...SAID THAT THE SHOW WAS WEIRD AND STUPID AS MUCH AS I LOVE MY BROTHER SOMETIMES HE DOES GET IT WRONG HE TOLD ME NIP TUCK SUCKED AND I LOVE THE SHOW. HE TOLD ME BROOKLYN SOUTH SUCKED AND I TOLD HIM HE WAS WRONG. IT SEEMS LIKE I LIKE THE SHOWS THAT HE THINK SUCKS. SO WHEN I SAW THE WHOLE SEASON OF DEXTER I WATCHED THE ENTIRE SERIES THE WHOLE NIGHT. I HAVE TO SAY THAT I THOUGHT MAYBE HE WAS RIGHT BUT I REALLY ENJOY EVERY EPISODE. I THINK THAT THE BLOOD AND GORE IN THE STORIES ARE REALLY GOOD AND DISTURBING AND THERE ARE SOME INTENSES EPISODES . I REALLY LOVE THE WORLD OF DEXTER...IT IS LIKE WATCHING A SUPER HERO STORY ONLY THE VILLIAN USES HIS POWERS OF SERIAL KILLINGS FOR GOOD INSTEAD OF EVIL. I REALLY LOVE THE FATHER IN THE SERIES I THINK HIS NAME WAS HARRY OR LARRY RULES...TEACHING HIS SON TO GET AWAY WITH MURDER WHILE KILLING THE EVILS OF OUR SOCIETY. BECAUSE IF DEXTER WAS EVER CAUGHT HE WOULD END UP IN THE GAS CHAMBER. VERY GOOD STORIES I LIKE HOW IT HAS A SUPER HERO BEGINNING BUT WHAT IS MORE DISTURBING IS THAT YOU ARE CHEERING FOR DEXTER TO KILL ONE OF THE SERIAL KILLERS IN THIS EPISODES. I HAVE TO SAY THAT THE CAST IS BRILLIANT....MICHAEL C HALL GIVES A POWERFUL AND CHILLING PERFORMANCE AS DEXTER THE ANTI HERO OF SERIAL KILLERS. I HOPE THAT HE WINS AN EMMY NEXT YEAR BECAUSE IF THE SECOND SEASON IS REALLY GOOD THAN HE TRULY DESERVES THE EMMY. FOR THOSE WHO ARE WONDERING SHOULD I BUY THIS ENTIRE COMPLETE SERIES...THE ANSWER IS YES!!!!!!!!!!!! IT IS A MUST HAVE FOR YOUR CRIME DVD COLLECTIONS.
B000001GXE|5.0|I have seven different recordings of the \\"Unfinished\\" symphony. This is my favorite. In comparison, all the others (by a lot of well-known conductors) sound kind of lazy and unfocused. This one is ROMANTIC in the extreme, full of passion and fireworks. Okay, the sound is not up to 21st century recording standards, but that's a small price to pay for inspired performances.
B000LC55F2|1.0|Utterly AMATEURISH production, with the attempts of the two \\"leading\\" characters to play \\"Doubles\\" of themselves, SO Bad, that it MUST have been DELIBERATELY so, in order to give the Movie a \\"Tongue-in-Cheek\\" quality!  The ONLY saving grace, is the ever DELECTABLE appearance of Scarlett Johannson.
B000F3A7LE|5.0|Fripp is inteligent, challenging, and, using the voices of others to sing his songs, emotionally deep. I wasn't sure I needed two discs, but both are worth hearing.
0786838655|5.0|I picked up this book used for 35 cents when my local library was having a sale. The plot looked interesting and I've always loved Greek myths, but first I thought I was too old for this book. Still I'm so glad I decided to give it a shot! I finished it in two days.    the author weaves classical elements of mythology into the modern world rather seamlessly, which is always a good sign. I was impressed that the author actually knew his myths very well. There were some obscure little tidbits in this book that only someone who's really interested in mythology would know. But that was just a bonus. The plot was straight forward but original and the store had great humor and heart.     I particularly liked that Percy is not the perfect hero. He's just a regular kid who happens to have some extraordinary heritage. But he messes up like any other kid and has to rely on his friends to help him. His relationship with his mother is also very endearing. Parents can most likely enjoy the book with their kids who, by now, are probably getting bored with Harry Potter.    I'm off to the bookstore for the second one, and as a final note, let me just say, it's nice to see a great children's book again.
B000MXPE7O|3.0|i felt it may have been a little too long. at times i found my self trailing off the plot because there are a few scence that are a little boring. but all in all i likie CIA film and this one is about the leak that came out during the bay of pigs. pretty good alittle dragging but not bad.
B000LC4CVA|5.0|This DVD gave me inspration and hope it moved me so much that i have bought 2 copys because i want my friend to have it  the girls are amazing at their singing talants and i hope to see more of this from the group
B000V1Z8KK|5.0|This is a great movie! It is done well and the scenario will keep you guessing. It is high suspense, is it a great intellectual conspiracy and thriller movie. The twists and turns in the story line will hold your interest.
B000OPOANE|3.0|Well after the disappointing \\"Vapor Trails\\", especially talking about its bad mixing, being too much loud (above all the distorted guitar by Lifeson), the authors of a couple of masterpieces within a couple of years (1977-1978) - such as \\"A Farewell to Kings\\" and \\"Hemisphere\\" - return with the present \\"S.& A.\\", after 5 years. It's a good album, not particularly inspired if you regard of the composition, except on the intelligent insert of a few strange instruments like a mandolin for instance, the Greek bouzouki and the Mellotrons (giving their album a 70's sound...) or considering also their effort to make the tunes more varied in comparison to their previous album.    Therefore their short citation concerning \\"YYZ\\" from Moving Pictures inside \\"The Main Monkey Business\\" (this latter not properly equal, especially if you think of another exceptional instrumental number entitled \\"La Villa Strangiato\\"- from \\"Hemisphere\\" for example) or their attempt to make a surprising dejavous in \\"A Far Cry\\", with its typical chord like within the above mentioned \\"Hemisphere\\", let me think of an old band which tries to comeback to the origin, even though failing sometimes...nevertheles you can find some interesting breaks-through inside, often reminding me of \\"Counteparts\\"; and moreover their technical skill as well as the odd time signatures (like in their instrumental) let me stay and listen carefully to it!! Their attempt to make a renewal is quite intelligent, as They maintain the sound and in a certain sense the old 70's- 80's structures of the old songs as well, (just a little bit at least, as a stereotype...).    At the end their new strategy consists of two goals, in my opinion naturally:    1) Increasing their popularity    2) Let the old fans captured by a few citations of their glorious past in order to bring them into the arenas!!    Then consider their remarkable lyrics or once again the metaphor used by means of the snake and an arrow, symbolizing the fear an the violence (or the tremendous aggression if you prefer), which is well transmitted by their music.    All these features, along with a good tune like \\"Armor And Sword or the opener mentioned above, make the present album an interesting work, even though not a must-have probably...make your own choice!!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|We finally stepped into the new world today. We have one of the first new Sony 46\\" XBR4 LCD TVs and this amazing Blu-Ray Planet Earth set of disks. The combination of Blu-Ray, the Sony XBR4, the amazing close ups and panoramas, the dialog from David Attenborough, and God's creation are mesmerizing. We put it on at dinner time but forgot to eat as scene after scene stunned us. Throughout the first two segments of the first disk as each new scene came onto the screen you could hear, \\"wow\\", and \\"Oh\\", and \\"amazing\\" spoken out loud in the living room. The new world is very very good. I highly recommend this disk set. It is educational, vivid, stunning, and wonderful. They must have spent weeks to capture the Great White coming out of the water with a seal in its mouth, coming clean out of the water in the process. We haven't seen it all so can't speak of the quality of the vidow throughout the whole disk set but what we've seen is the sharpest, clearest, and most colorful images I've ever seen.
B00008OLIC|5.0|Everyone young and old should try and give it and shot listen to some old school rock and metal...70's,80's and 90's.feel the power! all of em!
B000UX6THK|5.0|It's great to see that both seasons and the pilot are finally in one package. \\"Twin Peaks\\" was a fantastic show that was quite experimental for its time (1990-1991) that at it's worst was better than most everything else on TV. I wish the show could have survived longer, but with an awful second season time slot - Saturday at 10pm - it had no chance. The revelation of Laura Palmer's killer took the wind out of the sails somewhat just nine shows into the second season, but the true theme of Twin Peaks was about the evil in the woods that took the form of the killer and the seamy underbelly of what appeared to be everyday small-town life. The murder of Laura Palmer was just the surface of that. Three somewhat pointless episodes followed the one that revealed Laura's killer, but then the show bounced back with the Windham Earle storyline. Unfortunately many viewers had stopped watching the show by then. Perhaps the lasting legacy of \\"Twin Peaks\\" is that it made series with weird subplots, long story arcs, and oddball characters more acceptable to the networks. For example, I don't think that \\"The X-Files\\" could have made it to the air in 1993 had it not been for \\"Twin Peaks\\" preceding it and succeeding. After all, after a show where there is a dwarf that materializes on a bed, dances, and talks backwards, an alternate reality where clones are created and sent out to the world, and creamed corn as a symbol of suffering, the adventures of Scully and Mulder look as thematically tame as Dragnet.<br /><br />As for the extra features of each disc, that will probably eventually appear in the product description. Until it does, I have the information here:<br />Disc 1: Pilot<br />Log Lady Intro For Pilot<br />International Version With Alternate Ending<br /><br />Discs 2 -8 : Episodes 1-26 with Log Lady intros for each episode.<br /><br />Disc 9: Episodes 27-29<br />Log Lady intros for each episode.<br />Deleted Scenes (4 scenes)<br />Production Documentary<br /><br />Disc 10: Special Features<br />A Slice of Lynch<br />Northwest Passage: Creating The Pilot<br />Freshly Squeezed: Creating Season 1<br />Where We're From: Creating The Music<br />Into The Night: Creating Season 2<br />Saturday Night Live Featuring Kyle MacLachlan (Monologue and Twin Peaks Sketch)<br />Return To Twin Peaks<br />Interactive Map (8 Pods)<br />\\"Falling\\" Music Video<br />Georgia Coffee Commercials (5 Spots)<br />Image Galleries<br />The Richard Beymer Gallery<br />Unit Photography<br />Twin Peaks Trading Cards<br />TV spots<br />Premiere Spots (8 Spots)<br />There's No Place Like Home Spot<br />1-900 Promo Ad<br />T-Shirt Ad<br />GreetingsCreating The Pilot  Freshly Squeezed: Creating Season 1  Where We're From: Creating The Music  Into The Night: Creating Season 2  Saturday Night Live Featuring Kyle MacLachlan (Monologue and Twin Peaks Sketch)  Return To Twin Peaks  Interactive Map (8 Pods)  \\"Falling\\" Music Video  Georgia Coffee Commercials (5 Spots)  Image Galleries  The Richard Beymer Gallery  Unit Photography  Twin Peaks Trading Cards  TV spots  Premiere Spots (8 Spots)  There's No Place Like Home Spot  1-900 Promo Ad  T-Shirt Ad  Greetings
0553382179|5.0|Just 15 minutes a day and swish & swipe has changed my life.  I don't do all the recommendations but just using a few has really changed the way my house looks.      Book is easy and enjoyable to read.
B000RJO578|1.0|I am a big fan of 'Shaun of the Dead' and was expecting so much more from a reunion of that films stars. Unfortunately, this film is very slow, dull, and , quite frankly, just not very funny at all. I purchased it based on th many rave reviews, but I am convinced that they must have been referring to some other film, perhaps. However, I will be getting this travesty out of my house as soon as possible.<br /><br />A disappointment. Rent it if you must see for yourself, but please don't waste your dollars on this sad effort. Even 1 Star is too many for this film.
B00005JLCI|5.0|I was fortunate enough to see this film in the theater in NYC 11 years ago, and I've been waiting patiently for it to be available on DVD. You can argue casting, you can argue interpretation, but the cinematography of this film is just stunning. From the opening scene to the end 4 hours later, it starts fast and keeps coming.<br /><br />The choice of Blenheim Palace as \\"this fair castle Elsinore\\" was inspired -- the events of modern history related to WW2 that occured at Blenheim give a interesting twist to the Hamlet story.<br /><br />I wasn't as impressed with Winslet's Ophelia as other reviewers have commented; it seemed one-dimensional, and there's more in Ophelia than meets the eye. Derek Jacobi was a perfect choice for Claudius, and who can complain when Charlton Heston fires off that speech as the Player King? Wow. They don't make 'em like that any more.<br /><br />One character that deserves a bit more notice is Osric. While I'm not a huge fan of Robin Williams, he gives Osric a real comic dimension that (IMHO) makes him much more effective in the final fight scene. Osric's death is also calculatingly cruel, even in the midst of all the other bodies at the end.<br /><br />Finally -- Fortinbras. Again, while not a large speaking part, his development and command of the situation at the end are brilliantly played.<br /><br />This film isn't for everybody -- it's long, and sometimes difficult to follow. It's not for kids under 10-12 due to the sheer volume and graphic nature of the violence and death shown in detail (will generate screaming nightmares for small kids), but if you want to expose a teenager to the sheer power of William Shakespeare, the effects and cinematography will grab onto something in every teen that no other film I've seen with kids that age has done. It's got the grip that you need to get past teenage indifference to books and literature -- the play's the thing, but the film<br />effects make it even better.<br /><br />Recommended.
B000025H0Q|5.0|It is easy for a Nick Drake 'hardcore' fan of which I am one of them to dismiss this second of his 'great 3'. Bryter Layter is an album that should have appealed with its base of stars surrounding and developing the 'Drake' sound as other reviewers have commented. Having listened to all three albums this one is the least cohesive and while I like all Drake's music Hazy Jane II, At The Chimes Of The City Clock and Fly were my only memorable 'classic' Drake tracks on the album. Without wishing to dismiss Northern Sky's beauty I almost find myself skipping it at times as it seems over-produced and cringeable but stop myself with the knowledge that it was Drake on vocals. The cover sleeve for this album is absolutely disgraceful, I have many albums in my collection and have seen many more, 1960s, 70s, 80s, 90s,00s....I have never seen a more uglier album cover in my life and this album was make or break time for Drake, what was the record company thinking of?.......if I had never heard a Nick Drake track previously or wished to pick up an origional album this one I would have avoided...     Highly recommended (in the year 2007, though)
B0000A1RJI|5.0|This music is so pirate-like that it almost says \\"Arrrgh\\" as you open the case.  And the sea breeze that gusts out from the music is almost real enough to put the spray in your face.  If you didn't know what this was from, you would know it was a pirate movie.  You feel the terror of those in battle with the undead pirates, and you sense the relentless of the pursuit of the pirate ships.  Yet, there is the tenderness of the love theme as well.  Great movie sound track.
B00008QSA5|5.0|i dont like the stephen stills stuff.the mike bloomfield stuff is completely mind blowing.a must for guitar fans.
B000P0J02E|5.0|The music from this, the third in the \\"Pirates\\" series, continues themes from the earlier movies and adds newer content that somehow flows perfectly into the total.  As before, the underlying feeling of the sea is in the score, but this time the \\"love theme\\" reflects the changes that the characters make.  The entire sound track echoes the threads in the story, yet still holds on to the swashbuckling nature of the movie.
B00064ADR0|5.0|like the late great michael bloomfield said,THIS CAT CAN PLAY!!!!!!johnny can turn his frets into flaming nickels.this is my favorite cd of his.
0307341550|4.0|Found this book to be a compelling read.  I thought the plot was interesting and the characters were really well-formed.  Not bad for a first time novelist.  Definitely recommended.
B00005221M|5.0|I had this movie on video years ago but it was stolen. Now I have a big HDTV & this movie is so thrilling! I had a friend over to watch it & we were both on the edge of our seats & crying at the end! Thank you so much, Amazon. I have yet to be disappointed with any item purchased on your site.
0060763892|5.0|After finishing Black Order - the previous Sigma Force installment - I was beginning to think that this author was washing up a bit, losing the masterful pin that were in the likes of Sandstorm, Amazonia, and Excavation. The Judas Strain proved me wrong. Significantly.    My first impression of the book was a shake of the head, saying, \\"Not another outbreak of plagues that threatens the earth with extinction.\\" It's been done countless times already, and I have never enjoyed those other attempts (Year Zero comes to mind). But, as I began getting into the plot of this book, I began to realize that this was not just some unknown plague that threatened the earth. The author truely brought this overused plot out of the gutter an into the spotlight for me. And what was the driving force behind this resurrection? The science. The author gave the plague-virus a fresh new look by not having some monkey scratch a traveler and then hop on a plane back home...no, he did entirely more than that. He spun a web that had me guessing the entire time about the origin, the symptoms, and the outcome of this particular virus. The science was truely revealing, interesting, and plausible. That is what made the novel shine.     Then, if you throw in the likes of Marco Polo's expeditions, ancient Angelic Script (predating the oldest Hebrew), pirates, The Guild, Seichan, and a certain couple of captives, you have one heck of a good story here. And that is what The Judas Strain was and is...and good story. Plus, as some of the reviewers here have stated, the author gave us at least one more reason to go out and buy the next installment of the Sigma Force Series, The Last Oracle...but you'll have to read the book to find out what it is...I'll just say that the author should have been doing this in the previous books as well. I know this because I am more impelled to get the next book than ever before.    So, The Judas Strain definately found favor with me (unlike Black Order) and I think thatthere still is something left in the Sigma Force Series to be had, enjoyed. Much so, in fact. Read the book and see for yourself.
B000068IEU|3.0|I saw this movie years ago and was totally scared.  This time around (I guess nothing haunts me now) I enjoyed the thrill ride, so I must be sick!  The movie begins by saying that the events are based on real facts.  whether or not that's true, it got me sitting on the edge of my seat.  Two friends, fun-loving Phyllis and Mari are on the way to a rock concert.  They decide to pick up some pot (bad mistake) and get themselves kidnaped by a couple of escape convicts, a crazy \\"animal like\\" woman and the drug-addict son of one of the convicts.  They rape, drug and torture these teens.  Mari's parents decide to seek revenge on the group.  There was plenty of gore---one girl gets stabbed and her guts are pulled out and there's a chainsaw.  My favorite part was the revenge scene where Mari's mother bites off something belonging to one of the convicts.  There was a little comedy---when the police were trying to investigate, they performed like the Keystone Cops adding a break to a very gory classic 70s horror film.  The acting was pretty bad (thus the 3 stars), but this is a low budget film. Overall, very entertaining!
B0009XNUK0|5.0|When I first saw this CD, I just rolled my eyes and thought how sad it was that ANOTHER Michael Jackson greatest hits album was made.  I mean, wasn't HIStory, Number Ones, and The Ultimate Collection enough?      However, two years after that, I was convinced to buy this CD and I was blown away!  All those previous greatest hits albums that I mentioned are fine, but failed to include some of my favorite songs that are (in my opinion) better than a lot of the songs that made it into the Top 10.  ALL of my favorite songs are on here!  And most of them weren't even included in the \\"Ultimate Collection\\" box set!  \\"Will You Be There\\", \\"In The Closet\\", \\"Heal The World\\", \\"Leave Me Alone\\", \\"Another Part Of Me\\", \\"Can You Feel It\\", \\"Blame It On The Boogie\\", \\"Rockin' Robin\\", plus the original versions of \\"Who Is It\\" and \\"Dangerous.\\"    I'm telling you, even if you have all the MJ greatest hits albums out there, GET THIS ONE!!!  It's the best one yet!  Your money will not be wasted.
B00001OH7N|5.0|David Bowie made at least 7 masterpiece albums in his career, but nothing sounds quite like \\"The Man Who Sold the World\\". It's dark, it's crunchy, it's wild, and oddly whimsical. His vocals are untamed. Mick Ronson's guitar sounds like hot sex. The rhythms are being held together by a string. But it's all great.    This album definitely doesn't get as much attention as \\"Ziggy Stardust\\" or \\"Aladdin Sane\\", and it's hard to see why. Every track is fantastic. In my opinion, this is one of the greatest rock albums ever made. If you love Bowie, or are just into rock in general, give it a listen!
0553588486|5.0|In a world where winter is coming there is a fight for the throne. The battle has started and the game of thrones is about to begin...<br /><br />Eddard Stark has been asked to be the Hand of King Robert. \\"The King sits on his throne and the Hand takes the sh**.\\" As King Robert says. At this time his eldest daughter, Sansa - a girl of eleven years is being engaged to her dream husband, Prince Joffrey. Arya, his youngest daughter is practicing unladylike things with her \\"dance master\\". Bran has seen something he shouldn't have seen. There are untrustworthy people in every corner, spiders filled with information, and people plotting to steal the throne...<br /><br />This is an excellent book that I think all fantasy readers will and should enjoy. George R.R. Martin has created a complex story filled with a handful of characters that are all so different that you'll be craving the next book in this breath taking series. I hope that you all try this book for it will leave you reading until the last page is finished!
0374105235|5.0|Any time anyone starts spouting off isolationalism and how the US shouldn't be \\"policing\\" the world or that someone tries to ignore the troubles that Africa is constantly going through, point them to Beah's poignant, heartbreaking story: the loss of his family, village, home, and childhood. It's a tragic story told with compassion and understanding and grace.
B0000931QA|5.0|Wow, I loved this one when it came out, but it still blows me away in 2007.   The lyrics are cynical and interesting, there's lots of mood and dynamics, and the rhythm and lead guitar work is intense.  These guitar players have chops galore, but they understand that phrasing is the most important aspect of playing.  Many of the coolest guitar parts are not just solos, but are woven right into the body of the song.  Also, vocalist Geoff Tate's pitch and diction are dead-on.  One of the best metal albums ever recorded.
B0009IOR6Q|5.0|I still love watching this movie - I am glad to find the director's cut, because I heard that the one that I had watched on TV was not John Waters approved.  I don't get the people who don't get this movie!  They must be Squares.
B00005JPLW|5.0|This movie blew me away.  This is an adaptation of the novel \\"300\\" by Frank Miller.  This is an exaggerated version of the battle of Thermopaylae.  The focus is on the 300 Spartan fighters (part of a force of roughly 2000) that led the defense against the invading Persian army.  The Persian army of around 2 million was held off by this tiny force for 3 days.  At that time, the Spartan soldiers were considered the best in the world, comparable to today's top Special Forces soldiers.  This movie does an excellent job of portraying the superiority of the Spartan soldiers. After leaving the theater I felt an immediate need to go to the gym. The battle scenes are some of the best you will ever see for this era.  Excellent choreography!  I really loved the very stylish cinematography.  It's dark and drab, but perfectly fits with the story.  The costumes were out of this world. The music was great and also fits the movie like a glove. Hats off to Gerard Butler and his performance.  They guy makes a perfect Spartan. All in all, this was one of the best movies of the year.  Don't miss it.
0345479092|3.0|This book is much more helpful than some other parenting advice/baby development books I have read.  The suggestions are fairly specific, and the advice on comforting baby at bedtime, rather than leaving him/her to cry it out, is helpful.  Also, this book is the only one I have come across that explains why it is better not to switch sides too soon when breastfeeding.  My daughter, at 7 weeks old, has had a steady, appropriate weight and length gain, and I attribute that in part to some of the advice from this book.  I have not, however, found that all of the advice works.  Some babies conk out during or immediately after a feeding; trying to keep my little one awake for an \\"activity\\" is sometimes impossible.  We are also struggling with putting her to bed at the first yawn, and the vigorous crying/screaming that often ensues with this tactic, and sometimes goes on much, MUCH longer than the 20-minute window the author describes.  Overall, I would recommend this book, but I'm not sure that the methods can truly work for all babies.
014241011X|5.0|What some PEOPLE do not seem to understand this is a FANTASY book. Its not saying real witches are like this. I went through and read all the 1 star comments and felt like I was going to be sick. I guess these men and women do not understand a book to be FANTASY. \\"Oh its so horrible it gives a wrong depiction on witches\\" Yada Yada Yada. Get over yourselves.... ITS A FICTION BOOK!!!!
0743289412|4.0|When you've written as many books as Stephen King has, you tend to get the full range, good ones, great ones, bad ones, and those that are just ok. This one is a good one, though if there is such a thing as a typical Stephen King story, this is one. Ghosts, crazy men, other worlds, it's all here, though at times it doesn't make much sense. And some things are never really explained, just more of the realm of King. I will say King has gotten much much better at writing women. The style of writing is on one hands typical of King's later work and on the other, atypical of his work, with lots of stops and starts. It is a little clunky.
0792833201|5.0|Mark the calendar. Special Two Disc set being released Oct. 9th. With a one time theatre run on Oct. 8th!!!!!!
1881273156|5.0|This book highlights a basic and crucial truth about human relationships. What a shame it's not taught more widely in school and at home; most people are destined to go through years of failed relationships before it will dawn on them. If you're clever, or at least curious, I believe you'll be well off reading it.
B000002J3W|4.0|It's the heaviest, detuned, keyed down, close to Metallic-runch there is of all of them. Welcome to the Sub-human Race.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Yeah, I happened to catch a few intros while the series was originally airing.  How cheesy--cowboys in space.  I couldn't change the channel quickly enough.    One day I was bored and watching a Sci-Fi channel marathon an lo and behold, Firefly was on.  What the hell?  What the hell!  After dedicating a few hours of sloth during a bad cold, I couldn't break from it.  I watched about six episodes before I fell asleep.  How could I have possibly missed this treasure?    I saw the series on sale at Best Buy for $20.  After purchasing it and watching the entire series (just one season) a couple of times, I came to realize FOX screwed themselves this.  It was one of the best series ever to broadcast over the network (and I am a huge ST TOS, ST TNG, and ST DS9 fan).  Luckily, a guy at work was a big fan and I was able to speak with someone else about the incredible series that just didn't make it commercially.  Seriously, if you watch the series in the order it was meant to be viewed (as presented on the DVDs), and not the way FOX broadcast it, you will be amazed.  The quality is a precious rarity.    It's a real heartbreaker that Firefly didn't quite get the credit it deserved.  The movie was pretty good, but it kind of cut things short as far as future expansion goes.  Regardless, this one-season-series is one of the most enjoyable viewing experiences to be had.  Do yourself a favor and join in the 'verse.
0307383415|5.0|Obama wrote his memoirs of his growing up some years ago (and with his political career I expect he'll be writing them again in twenty or so years). It is an honest book about a remarkable man who had a remarkable life. Nothing political about it.
B000060OWV|5.0|I've got most Robben's Ford discography and telling the truth is very very good since he started with THE CHARLES FORD BAND following with contributions with his brothers PATRICK and above all with MARK and finishing with the already very extensive discography under his own name is really a pleasure to listen this so peculiar MODERN ELECTRIC BLUES where he blends several concepts of this music environment as is JAZZ-FUSION and BLUES-ROCK among others. This record  'Blue Moon' as all his others you must listen it with attention to grasp the lot of quality the record emits and the great guitar work that on the other hand is already usual and gets very high level as ever.    As a vocalist he favors an exciting blend of Blues, Blues-Rock and Soul mainly on tracks like \\"Something from the pain\\", \\"Don't deny your love\\" and Big Maceo Merriweather's \\"The way you treated me\\". Also has more Jazz tinged vocals offering on tracks like the superb Willie Dixon's \\"It don't make Sense (You can't make peace)\\" or \\"Make me your only one\\" another jewel. Another wonderful song is that the open the record Little Walter's \\"Up the line\\" and I want to tell that \\"Good to love\\" I like it very much is a special song. This is not a Blues purist record but it keeps the basic roots. In a short words great stuff, exceptional performance and highly recommended. I give it 4,5 stars.
B000OQF6N6|4.0|Complaints. Well you won't get one here. Personally, I always felt Billy Corgan was Smashing Pumpkins. I don't cry or mourn the absence of D'arcy or James Iha. In fact, it has always been Corgan that I felt was going to stick around for years to come, through all the stupid music trends in the pop music business.<br /><br />\\"Zeitgeist\\" is an unusual album. To me it sounds more like \\"Gish\\"/\\"Siamese Dream\\"/\\"Mellon Collie\\"/\\"Machina\\" all rolled into one with a dash of Zwan. There is no one particular hit song, but the album as a whole is listenable. I guess if I had to pick favorites I'd name \\"7 Shades Of Black\\", \\"Starz\\", \\"Neverlost\\", \\"Bring The Light\\" and \\"For God And Country\\". However, all 12 tracks sit nicely side by side, even the grandiose 10 minute \\"United States\\". I'll agree that Corgan's lyrics didn't grab me this time the way \\"Today\\", \\"Disarm\\", \\"1979\\", \\"Bullet With Butterfly Wings\\" grabbed me. Still, it's a promising return (or is it?) I bought Zwan and I bought Corgan's failed solo album, so for me Smashing Pumpkins haven't really been away that long. In fact, Corgan is so much a part of Smashing Pumpkins that it's similar to how Phil Collins solo material in the 1980's sounded a lot like Genesis and vice versa.<br /><br />\\"Zeitgeist\\" is good, but not great, and it's above average, giving it four stars.
060634604X|4.0|I read this book because of the criticism surrounding it.  I fell in love with this book despite the negative comments.  While people hate it for its lack of credibility, just remember: How much truth can a crack head tell???
B000RJO58M|4.0|Action movies that make fun of action movies cliches are a cliches themselves now.  The trailer makes it out to be crazy action movie cliche filled commedy, but Hot Fuzz just like Shawn of the Dead can't seem to make up it's mind on whether it wants to be serious or just poke fun at the genre.  So it ends up feeling a little unfocused to me.    Even so there is plenty in it to find funny.  Well worth the watch.    Watching something for the first time in HD quality has made me fall in love with my big LCD tv all over again.
0780619587|5.0|In the beginning of the movie Shine, when we first meet the middle aged David Helfgott babbling to himself and wandering in the rain, he is in a state of transition. Behind him is the emotionally isolated existence as a child piano prodigy whose emotional turmoil led to a nervous breakdown and years of staying in a mental institution. Ahead of him is his eventual reconnection with the world around him driven by love and his virtuoso talent that had been long abandoned. As the movie progresses, we first see David's childhood living under his domineering father, Peter Helfgott in a suburban Melbourne house surrounded by barb wire. Peter is a Holocaust survivor, having seen his family destroyed at the hands of the Nazis. He rules the family with a stern demeanor, suffocating them with his love. Peter is obsessed with winning, and the need to keep his family together. This philosophy is imparted on young David, and nothing short of winning satisfies his father. David's father tells him  \\"I know life is cruel, but music will always be your friend, everything else will let you down in the end. Everything. Believe me, everything.\\" Under the guidance of piano teacher Ben Rosen, David's skill is refined, winning him several competitions. In a national championship, he is offered a scholarship by violin master Isaac Stern to study in the United States. However, unwilling to loosen the grip on his son, Peter forbids David from going.   After this missed opportunity, the piano teacher is replaced by an old Russian woman, who continues to encourage David and a second opportunity arises.  David gets a scholarship to the Royal College of Music in London. Once again, his father forbids him to go, but in his first show of independence, David leaves the Helfgott home, and his father severs all relations with him. In London, David is mentored by Cecil Parkes and learns to play Rachmaninoff's Third Piano Concerto, one of the most difficult piano pieces to play. David plays this piece perfectly in concert, but suffers an emotional breakdown as a result. We then see  David ten years later and he is a shattered man, spending his days in a mental institution, his talent unused, and his name forgotten. One rainy night, having wandered off, he comes upon a restaurant, and expresses himself on the unused piano against the back wall of the restaurant, playing an amazing rendition of The Flight of the Bumblebee. Impressed by his skill and the reaction of the restaurant patrons, the owner of the restaurant hires him to play there. Word of the master piano player spreads across Australia, and soon David finds himself on the stage of a recital hall once again. And along the way, he also finds true love, Gillian an astrologer who inspires him to greatness once again. When David does play again, many years later, he rejects the hollow philosophy of his father and begins a new path, embracing the support of those around him. He truly does shine.
B000RGSOR8|4.0|Dynamite for a first effort, she sounds like a mix of Tori Amos, Bjork and Joni Mitchell if I was forced to say something like that.  Everything sounds great, she has a good ear and fine songwriting instincts to go along with her voice and musicianship.  I don't like everything, she gets too cool chanteuse in places for my taste, like the first part of \\"Human\\" (which switches gears and gets neat at the end).  \\"What Me Worry\\" edges into territory I don't like as well.  I'll look forward to the next, kind of hopes she gets a little edgier and less jazzy, it would be really cool to hear what she sounded like with a techno edge.
B000L43QJ2|4.0|Wonderful example of French classcial style - lacking the emotion of the Bolshoi, but excellent in its own.
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|This one goes up there on the permanent Man Movies Only shelf.  It's a fun movie, great lines, and plenty of super slow-mo bloody action.    HD-DVD vs Blu-Ray?  Doesn't really matter.  Picture quality is the same and both sound great.  The dual players are out and both formats have had their protection schemes destroyed.  HD-DVD has the added plus of having the DVD version on side 2, perfect for those times when you hit the road and want to play it in a portable player.   Give it another year and the Blu-Ray HD-DVD debate will be about the same as the debate we had over DVD-R vs DVD+R.  In other words who cares.    Hardware wise both are dropping their prices to try to capture the enthusist market, in turn get us to sell it to our friends and family. Bad for them good for us.  Gotta love competition.
B000002L9J|5.0|I bought the 12\\" single of \\"This Charming Man\\" by The Smiths in 1984. It was different from the majority of the electronic new wave pop this Anglophile was in the habit of buying at the time, and enough to keep me hooked through their first eponymous LP and \\"Meat Is Murder.\\"<br /><br />Then came \\"The Queen Is Dead.\\" Immediately transfered to cassette by yours truly and popped into his walkman, this amazing, lyrical admixture of Morrissey's deft but odd vocals, touching lyrics, and Marr's ever-chiming guitars forced me to buy everything Morrissey put out for the next 12 years,  until I realized with 1998's \\"Maladjusted\\" that, truly, all things must pass.<br /><br />This record -- and it was originally a record, not a CD -- touches one in the way few records can, and in a way the best music should. I dare anyone to listen to \\"There Is a Light That Never Goes Out\\" and not declare themselves a Smiths/Morrissey fan forever thereafter.
0679746323|4.0|I saw so many bad reviews of this book that I felt I needed to add something. Yes, this book is biased. Yes, the authors dislike Mao. But the book is meticulously researched and well-written, even if the authors' dislikes shine through. It doesn't make the research any less reliable.<br /><br />Nobody likes Mao. Especially not this author. Still a great book, a great story, tons of info., and very well done.
B000AMMSQC|4.0|Zakharova dazzles with her technique and unique style. A true ambassador of the Bolshoi's contemporary dancers in the 21st century.
B00000269G|5.0|Errol Garner is almost unique in Jazz history in the way that he created a new style of playing his instrument, the Piano, which made him very successful (for a Jazz artist) but hardly any other musicians have copied his style. In fact there is only one other Pianist that I know of that conciously learnt to play in the style of Errol Garner and that was Dudley Moore (and he did it very well). There are a number of reasons for this, which would take too long to explain in a short album review.<br /><br />On this fabulous live album from September 1955 Garner is accompanied by Eddie Calhoun on bass and Denzil Best on Drums. As with all Garner recordings there are his inspired Piano introductions to tunes, that really give you absolutely no clue as to what is coming next, but when the tune starts it all seem entirely logical.<br /><br />Garner was wholly self-taught, so how on earth he managed to play at the virtuoso standard required on say 'Red Top' or 'I'll Remember April' is truly amazing. The key to his playing is the left-hand which is squarely on the beat, and 4 to the bar on the uptempo numbers, almost like a strumming guitarist - think Freddie Green from the Basie Orchestra. His right hand lagged behind the beat, or phrased around the beat which creates the dramatic style you can hear so well on this album.<br /><br />I'm less keen on his ballad playing, its a little too florid for my taste, but its still fabulous, just not as fabulous as his uptempo playing which is as exciting as almost anythingelse you can hear in the history of Jazz.
B000H0MKGK|5.0|What's not to love about this album? The lyrics, the music, the musicians, John--it's all great. Mayer is an incredible songwriter and guitarist (photographer as well). I'm surprised how many people still have not been turned on to this CD. This is, by far, the best CD I've purchased in several years, and I buy a lot of music. I'm in my 50s and I recently saw John Mayer live in D.C. If this guy can remain humble and appreciative of his good fortune and his \\"fans,\\" I pray I'm alive to see and hear where he goes.
037571457X|5.0|Like \\"Maus\\" and the story of the Holocaust, Persepolis brings the sad story of the Iranian Revolution to light in a way only a well-done graphic novel can do. It is an absolutely brilliant book that gives you the raw pain and emotion of the Revolution, with all the necessary facts and events, without the dry and verbose nature of many historical novels. Rarely can it be done, in pictures, like it is done here.<br /><br />If you truly want to know the sad story of the Iranian Revolution from the perspective of an average Iranian family, this is the book for you. Please read it.
B00005RHGK|1.0|It not very often you try and watch a movie that is so lame and stupid, that you tell yourself,it can't any more stupid or asinine.and sure enough, it does.    As far as I can tell,the demographic target audience seems to be aimed at tweeners that manage to sneak in from another theater in a megaplex,so that they can brag to their friends they saw an R rated movie.    Unless you have an IQ of under 50 or are into sniffing paint fumes,this is not a movie that you want to waste you time on.    The only other movie that I have seen that was worse ,was Prophecy: The Monster Movie (1979 release).    Please do not confuse it with the Christopher Walken movie  of nearly the same name,which is a decent watch.
B000FS9FCQ|5.0|I haven't made up my mind if I like this or not. I watch it once and awhile because it has a haunting quality to it. Love Portman.Can't get the lines by V out of my head.Has some truths in it that you can't forget.
B0000C3I6U|5.0|This is a great documentary about the golden age of body building.  All the top athletes of the era are in it, with heavy focus on Arnold and Lou.  Good stuff!
B000FBGBPC|5.0|this cd is totally worth buying. it has some really good songs and my favorite song is pain. the songs are orginal and the band is not like other cheesy bands.
0385733577|1.0|It's clear that Scott knows what he's talking about when it comes to mythology, however his writing style certainly needs work. It's patterned, over-explanatory, over-dramatic, and uses far too many things that keeps it dated, such as mentions of Ebay, Wikipedia, iPod, etc. I disliked being told the same thing more than once within 10 pages as well as being unable to infer anything.    It's an interesting story, but I was sick of reading about halfway through the book and resorted to skimming. Definitely could be told in 150 pages, as opposed to 391.
B000M5AJQS|4.0|Got this movie because Matt Damon was in it. Nothing good happened till Wahlberg kills Damon. Decaprio was the best I have ever seen him but i'm not a fan of his. Never like Jack either. I will not watch this movie again.Too dark for my taste.
B0002OERI0|4.0|Punk music for the most part has been a real turn off for me until Billy Joe and the boys came into the mix that is. I think that Billy Joe Armstrong is a great song writter and proves his gift of song writting greatly in this album. I also have great respect for a band that can rock with the best of them but are not afraid to put their necks on the line with die-hard punk rockers by having a song like \\"wake me up when September ends\\" on an album. Thats what I like about this band. Great album worth having.
0307346609|5.0|The military terms are correct and the ones that are made up seem based on reality. I have read some actual oral histories (Japan At War) and this piece of fiction is in the same league as that non-fiction body of work. My only complaint is that I did not write this book myself!     The movie BETTER be good!
B000002OMN|3.0|Meat Loaf's Bat 2 is a good album, thanks to a few more Jim Steinman gems. Jim Steinman's Bad For Good album blows this one out of the water though.    Standout tracks: Anything For Love, Life is a Lemon
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is my second favorite tv series. Roswell being the first. It has something that you can relate to. Just hard to explain. I am always for the underdog so maybe that has the charm. Anyway I like it! It will be my next purchase.
B000G73U5Y|4.0|This collection is far and away NOT definitive.  The track list consists of only a handful of radio hits and leaves out many gems (No Steely Dan compilation should leave out Doctor Wu under any circumstances!!).  That being said, the latest remastering on these is phenomenal!    Unlike the 1998-2000 remastered versions that had too much treble and not enough bass, these versions balance clarity with warmth very well!  There is plenty of treble, but also enough low and medium range to keep the sound nice and warm.  The instrument separation is likewise excellent.  I already have all of these songs on their original albums, but I went ahead and got this collection anyway simply because the remastered versions are such high quality.    This is the first time that songs from the Katy Lied album actually sound \\"right.\\"  There are fewer high treble artifacts on Jeff Porcaro's cymbals on Black Friday and Bad Sneakers, for example, after this remaster.  I hope all of the Steely Dan collection gets released in this high quality soon!
0743455967|4.0|...get through the first 100 pages.  The first 100 are about his life.  If you like King, then you might like the story of his life.  I personally didn't care about his aunt, his mother, his grandparents, etc.  The rest of the book is where the action is.  I should have bought this used, so if you want to save a few bucks, buy it used.
B000002IGP|4.0|When Ratt was a young band they were pretty good. They were not friends, and were really \\"assembled\\" to become the next big glam metal band, which is exactly what they accomplished from about 1984-1986, the period when Out of The Cellar and Invasion of Your Privacy were done. Of the two, I think OOTC is the better album, but only by a very small margin. My 2 favorite Ratt songs are Lay It Down and You're In Love from Invasion. However, Cellar has more quantity- more \\"better\\" songs overall. The tension, substance abuse, womanizing, attitudes, and general dislike and distrust of the other band mates eventaully caused Ratt to self-destruct, and even on this, their debut LP, some of that disruption is evident. I mean, the lyrics to \\"Lack of Communication\\" only make sense when you know the story behind the song. Round and Round is a catchy tune but makes no sense. A lot of Ratt's music is just unimaginative. A lot of mid-tempo, lackluster LA glam rock without much enthusiasm. The two shining stars of Ratt were Robbin Crosby and Warren DeMartini, both really cool, and fairly good, guitar players. Stephen Pearcy's vocals were still listenable back when Cellar was made, and in the genre of 80s metal, Ratt was a hot, bright explosion that couldn't sustain itself for long. If you like Poison and Motley Crue, Ratt's Out of the Cellar is right up your alley and worth a listen.    Standout tracks: Round and Round, Back For More, The Morning After
1932100660|5.0|I enjoyed reading this book immensely.  I thought is was wonderful how the author explored nutrition hypotheses on three fronts--epidemiological studies to show very strong correlations between nutrition and disease, on laboratory animals to prove cause and effect, and biochemical experiments, to explore the specific chemical mechanisms involved.  This three-pronged approach puts this book head and shoulders over most other studies.    Why aren't the truths described in this book better known to the public, as well as doctors and health officials?  Colin Campbell goes into some detail about the politics of nutrition research, and why so often politics and money seem to squelch the truth.  Colin Campbell proves that he has braved ferocious foes, in order to make important discoveries and communicate them to the public.
B0002PZVH0|5.0|This music and the series that it spawned are still relevant and forward thinking, although 2o years old.  Eno inspired a generation of musicians across genres with  his Ambient series.  For me, this is the essential ambient disc to own.  Grab it.
B000UNYJV8|2.0|Based on the filmmaker's own experience in a working class English neighborhood in the 1980s, this is the story of an 11 year old boy who is befriended by a bunch of skinheads.  There was a bit of violence and some good acting but there was much too much talking.  Even though it had a some emotional impact, I found it rather choppy and amateurish.  I also found it hard to understand the English accents and think that there should have been subtitles for an American audience.  The directors and one of the actors spoke with the audience later but even though I applaud them for trying, I would not recommend this film.
B000001EL3|5.0|Destroyer holds a special place in my heart because it was the first Kiss album I heard. It converted me into an instant, lifelong Kiss Army Member. Destroyer merges the raw energy, riffs, and attitude of the early Kiss sound with the lavish, grand production of Bob Ezrin. It was a big-time winning combination, and launched Kiss from the \\"big stars\\" of Alive! to mega-heroes of the music business. I never liked the ballad Beth, which was a big part of what made Destroyer a top seller. However, anthems like Detroit Rock City, King of the Nite Time World, and Shout It Out Loud more than make up for it. (I like Great Expectations much better than Beth.) Destroyer also contains three of my favorite songs (from Kiss or any other band): God Of Thunder (really cool studio effects and production never recreated live), Sweet Pain, and Do You Love Me.
0765348276|5.0|If you like Heinlein, you have to read Scalzi's Old Man's War.  I really enjoyed it.    Amazon had been recommending it to me for some time and I kept skipping it because I'm not a big fan of military fiction - although I don't mind an occasional military science fiction book.  I finally decided to try Old Man's War when it came up on Paperbackswap and I have now added all of Scalzi's other books to my wishlist!
B000QQFKYE|5.0|I gotta say, although the movie at this moment doesn't totally make complete sense to me right now it was definitely not a dull film.If you have any shred of emotion this movie will most likely disturb you. It doesn't SEEM to follow any linear structure for large, vast parts of the film but I think it adds to the overall mood. This movie is definitely not a passive viewing experience. It is a puzzle. There's definitely a story being told but not one that is immediately obvious.  The movie plays out like a long nightmare. I found this aspect of it particularly intriguing because I have had nightmares that have felt exactly like this movie many times before. The soundtrack is masterfully done and it sets the mood(s) perfectly. Even though this movie doesn't make immediate sense I do not get the feeling that it's just David Lynch screwing around - There's a definite plot to the film but YOU have to figure it out on your own, using your own mind. It's watching a puzzle in action. If you're up for a long movie that is challenging and thoughtprovoking, watch this, but if you watched Rush Hour 3 and came away from it thinking Brett Ratner was a genius or you think Eraserhead was too weird, run away from this film.
B0006U4UAU|4.0|I just recently read \\"Bob\\"'s comments above (the first available) and found them to be quite interesting if not justified. It seems that he has taken the opportunity to terrorize a songmaker that is gifted with complex style and listenability. Well, all is fair in reviews I guess, however I believe this CD deserves a rebuttal.<br />Mostly, this disk has fantastic tunes, sounds, and interjected words. I don't think its the greatest disk ever made - yet it stands out as an impressive collection of wonderful ideas. If you are into punk rock and electronic music it might make for a good listen (at least for the first 20 or so times).<br /><br />Bob - keep listening to those wonderful other bands you like so much.
B000FQ4M58|2.0|By Bat Out of Hell 3, Meat Loaf's creative spark and energy is spent. Again recycling some Steinman songs as he did on Bat 2, Meat's versions pale in comparison to the originals. I do like this version of It's All Coming Back To Me Now but that's one of few highlights, and really that song was never great to begin with. If you like the original Bat Out Of Hell album, do not get more Meat Loaf albums get Jim Steinman's Bad For Good and Ellen Foley's Night Out, both which are masterpieces. Bat 3 just doesn't cut it, and hearing him butcher Jim's old songs can be painful. The lead off track is pretty good and has an obvious Nikki Sixx influence. It's really the only good track on this CD.    Standout track: The Monster's Loose
B00005GL6I|4.0|GEORGE HARRISON'S PYSCHADELIA PERIOD SHINES THROUGH PRETTY WELL ON BOTH TRACKS,WITH A BIT OF SPIRTUALITY & A BIT OF INDIAN INSTURMENTATION AS WELL(IT'S ALL TOO MUCH).\\"ONLY A NORTHERN SONG\\" HAS SOME VERY INTERESTING MOVEMENTS,TAPE LOOPS(REMEMBER THE SYNTHISISER WAS BEGAT BY THE BEATLES TAPE LOOPS!) NOT SURE BUT THE LYRICS SEEM TO EXPRESS HIS NOT NORMALLY GETTING ENOUGH ALBUM TIME AND ALL OF THE SILLY DETAILS THE PRESS WOULD PUT OUT ABOUT THE \\"FABS\\"(GEORGE'S DEROGUATORY TERM FOR THE OVER-EXPOSURE OF THE BEATLES)......PAUL TURNS IN A GOOD LITTLE TUNE TITLED ALTOGETHER NOW ,THAT HAS MADE THE ROUNDS OF THE BEATLES MUSIC FOR CHILDREN SERIES.IT IS HIS VERSION OF ALL YOU NEED IS LOVE BROKEN DOWN INTO A SIMPLER FORM,SING ALONG...JOHN'S SONG IS A ROCKER; A VERY SILLY ROCKER TO BE SURE AND JUST A FUN ENJOYABLE LISTEN,PARTICULARLY TOWARDS THE END WHERE HE GOES A LITTLE NUTS ON THE VOCALS! THE OTHER SONGS WERE PLAYED OR PARTIALLY PLAYED DURING THE FILM,SO THIS IS RATHER A COMPLETIST COMPILATION OF THE BEATLES SOUNDTRACK ,SANS SIR GEORGE MARTIN'S ORCHESTRAL TUNES .TIL , IF EVER THIS IS RELEASED AS A TRUELY COMPLETE SOUNDTRACK WITH ALL OF THESE TITLES AND MARTIN'S WORK ,WE'LL JUST NEED TO OWN BOTH VERSIONS OF THE CD.
B00005OCMR|2.0|I held off on watching this icon product until my wife would watch it with me since it was before her time. I just placed the disk in (carefully) out of the box into my player and took off. Short story, it skipped repeatedly until I just stopped it and walked off. Turned out the back side was soiled and difficult to clean. I've not tried to watch again.
B000002LJW|4.0|Eric Clapton is a true legend. An amazing guitarist, songwriter, singer, historian, and crucial member of several Hall of Fame worthy bands. I saw the Journeyman tour twice in 1989/90 and those were great concerts, and that may influence my opinion, he was on fire that year. Journeyman is a great Clapton album and I'd put it up there with Layla, the Cream albums, his self-titled \\"solo\\" album, and Slowhand. If you are a Claptonhead and don't have Journeyman, you should get it ASAP. Stinging blues, soaring pop, and the riff of bad Love is just awesome.    Standout tracks: Pretending, Bad Love, Anything For Love, Running on Faith, Before You Accuse Me
B0000542D2|5.0|What a movie! 88 minutess of pure Beatlemania in a DVD such as this. I enjoyed watching this movie after last seeing it in over 20 years. What memories. I thought the DVD did tribute with interviews with the people behind the scenes. I just wished the trailers would be in this collection. All in all, it is a good price to enjoy a piece of movie fun with The Fab Four!
B000001ELL|4.0|Kiss has been my \\"all time favorite\\" band since about 1976. Ace Frehley has been the biggest influence on me as a guitar player and Kiss (even through the lineup changes) has always been a major part of my musical life. If you're reading this you probably know this is widely regarded as the \\"last\\" Kiss album because it was really the end of the Peter Criss era and pretty much the end of Ace's membership as well. But for me Kiss was still near the top of their game in 1979. Dynasty is a must have for Kiss fans; there isn't really a bad track on here. I rank it right up there with albums like Destroyer and Love Gun, which I consider a very small step slightly below the masterpieces of Dressed to Kill, Hotter Than Hell, Kiss, and Rock & Roll Over.    I Was Made For Lovin You, Sure Know Something, and Magic Touch are three great pure Paul Stanley tunes.    The best tracks on the album are Ace's three contributions: his cover of The Rolling Stones' 2000 Man, Hard Times, and Save Your Love.    The drum intro to gene's Charisma has always been a favorite of mine. X Ray Eyes is another classic Gene track.    Peter's Dirty Livin is right in line with baby Driver. Not as good as his other vocals such as Hooligan or Black Diamond, but still really good.    Like I said, there's not a bad song on here.
B000QUCNP4|3.0|This movie is based on Robert Graysmith's book, \\"Zodiac\\" which was the defining history of the Zodiac killer case of the late 60's and early 70's. Unfortunatley, Graysmith's theories and observations were later proved false and misguided via DNA, fingerprints and other important physical evidence. However, the author continues to lead the investigation astray and has even divised a remarkably stupid theory to circumvent the lack of a DNA match by stating perhaps someone other than the Zodiac licked the envelopes that the Zodiac mailed to the press.....??<br /><br />Although the author is misguided and perhaps delusional, the book did translate into an entertaining and well acted movie and for that I appreciate his misguided efforts.
B000001EL7|5.0|Love Gun is Kiss at the height of their popularity, and right before merchandising eclipsed the music. If you're a Kiss fan and don't own Love Gun... well I don't think that's possible. This one is pretty darn high on my Kiss album rankings; I put it above Destroyer, above Dressed to Kill, below the first album, Hotter Than Hell... almost a tie with Rock & Roll Over. I even like Then She Kissed Me a lot, great riff! Christine 16 is one of the best songs Kiss ever did. Possibly the best album cover from Kiss, who had some really cool album covers.    Standout tracks: I Stole Your Love, Christine 16, Shock Me, Hooligan, Almost Human
B0000DZEA1|5.0|When it's a sequel or a trilogy, I usually only buy the soundtrack to the first movie. But with The Lord of the Rings, each of the 3 soundtracks are incredibly unique and well worth the buy. They each have their own sound, The Return of the King being my favorite. It has much more of Renee Fleming's beautiful, captivating voice, and it includes a few of the cast members showing off their talented vocal cords as well. With highlights such as Twilight and Shadow, The Black gate is Open,  Into the West, and many more, this CD definitely makes it to the top of my list.     -mAtHeSaRr
B000002IHU|4.0|I got this CD for Lay It Down and You're In Love, two great songs from the LA glam metal era. Add to that a cover with a Playboy model, some smokin hot Warren DeMartnin guitar solos, and a few catchy choruses ala Robbin Crosby, and you have a Ratt CD worth owning. I go back and forth bewteen Invasion of Your Privacy and Out of the Cellar as to which one I like better. It's almost like the two combined are one must have double CD set. After Invasion, Ratt went downhill. Too much too fast for this band. If you want to raise your hands to rock, and have burned out on all your Crue albums, this classic Ratt release will satisfy your glam metal fix.    Standout tracks: Lay It Down, You're In Love, Never Use Love, Dangerous But Worth The Risk
B000068OCS|2.0|I would probably give this 2 and a half stars, if that were possible.  I didn't hate it, but it isn't one I'd watch again.  It was tempting to stop watching two thirds of the way through, actually.  The music got downright annoying in its repetitiveness -- to the point we muted it.  Then, the imagery got to be so plain and lacking artistic angles that we decided it was a film to be watched when we wanted to get sleepy.  We had been planning on watching this whole group of DVDs.  This was the first one we watched, and it made us hesitant about all the others.  However, since we saw The Monkey Chant on YouTube and discovered it was a segment from \\"Baraka,\\" we decided to go ahead and watch \\"Baraka.\\"  It is a much, much better selection of both music and imagery than this film delivers.
1594489505|5.0|Khaled Hosseini has written another powerful captivating novel of Afganistan covering the time of the Soviet occupation to the defeat of the Taliban as seen through the intertwined lives of two women, Mariam and Laila. This novel gives you a glimspe into how Afgan society views and treats women. While denied the rights and privileges of men, the quiet strength of these women allow them to do what they must do to survive. There is love, death, betrayal, misery, poverty, brutality, sacrifice and hope all wound together in a gripping story you will find hard to put down. Highly recommended!!
B00005JPFE|5.0|It's not often that I say this, but absolutely everything about this film is fantastic. A great story -- a rat (eww!)  who has the talent and the ambition to be a great French chef. Great characters -- a kitchenful of chefs and sous-chefs, each with his or her own quickly-limned personality that is not just an easy caricature of the French. Janeane Garofalo was masterul as the voice of edgy Collette -- the lone female chef who would not be denied here place at the cookstove. Great messages -- 1) that there is such a thing as great cooking, 2) that it's hard but fulfilling to follow your dream and 3) that France is awesome! Add to this great writing, great voices that didn't get in the way of the story and INCREDIBLE animation, and you have the making of a phenomenon.<br /><br />The story of \\"Ratatouille\\" is simple -- a rat with an extremely well-developed sense of smell and taste desires to be a French cook. He teams up with the talenteless young son of a great French chef and -- voila! -- they team up to try to fool the most gastronomically picky audience on Earth. Along the way there are betrayals, chases (well, maybe one too many), a love story, a little wine, a little music and a lot of eye-popping visual art. There are scenes where the background is so beautifully rendered that a even a plain stone wall (albeit a Parisian one) is beautiful to watch. The animators expertly captured the sheen of wet rat fur, the swirl of drainage water and the whoosh of a gas flame. The kitchen is so lovingly rendered that after one viewing, you will have it mapped out for the rest of the film. Some scenes are fantastically staged -- as is the first scenes in which Remy, the main rat character, dispenses ingredient after ingredient into a soup. Every spice and vegetable makes it into the pot in a novel way -- whether tossed, dropped, sprinkled or somersaulted in. The planning and creativity that went into this 30-second snippet of film were astounding, and this sort of thing happens over and over. The ending was perfect, pulling victory from defeat in a way that was not bombastic (no one won the Nobel prize) but that nearly brought tears to my eyes.<br /><br />\\"Ratatouille\\" may be too subtle for really little kids, but I think most 10-year-olds would enjoy it for more than its fast-paced antics. There's a lot to love about this film, and if you don't come away with a burning desire to visit Paris, then there may be no hope for you!and over. The ending was perfect, pulling victory from defeat in a way that was not bombastic (no one won the Nobel prize) but that nearly brought tears to my eyes.    \\"Ratatouille\\" may be too subtle for really little kids, but I think most 10-year-olds would enjoy it for more than its fast-paced antics. There's a lot to love about this film, and if you don't come away with a burning desire to visit Paris, then there may be no hope for you!
0385472951|3.0|If I could rate this book on the first 363 pages it would without a doubt be a 5 star novel. However, the u-turn that Grisham pulls on the last two pages simply ruined it all for me. It was a twist in its worst sense, even lacking sense. With a chapter left I was already planning which Grisham novel  I would dive into next. Being finished, I'm not sure if I'll read any more of his novels, the Partner being my fifth. A very unfortunate end to a very promising novel IMO.
B00000K19E|5.0|2007-08-17
1878424319|5.0|Thought provoking, simplistic at times, yet profound in its wisdom. This book agrees with my own personal philosophy, based on my own Judeo-Christian belief system. I found frequent parallels to Jungian psychoanalytic theory, and a different approach to living life without the old bad habits. I think the first two agreements are the most challenging and will make a real difference to me if I can apply these to my daily life.  Great stuff, maybe not for everyone, but certainly for me.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I was never a huge Creed fan when they came out I always heard Higher on the radio and thought nothing of it really and one day I decided to give this album a chance and I'm glad I did because this is probably there best disc.  Weathered was really generic typical mainstream rock it wasn't bad and it wasn't great.  I don't understand why CREED gets bashed all the time they are  a decent band Alice in Chains and Pearl Jam always comes to mind when I listen to them.  There is not one bad song on this disc which is why I give it 5 stars.  All these songs are really great and nothing seems like filler at all except maybe Wash Away Those Years but other than that every song is great.  Don't judge it by there singles sit down and listen to this album.  I suggest you start with this album then My Own Prison and then Weathered.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|So what is the deal with Clive Davis. Why is it that this CD is getting positive reviews everywhere, but he found it necessary to threaten to not release it. He didn't hear any singles. He must have listened to a different CD than the rest of us. I have NOT read a single negative review of this CD anywhere. He reportedly wanted to pay her to remove 5 songs from the album? I shudder to think what songs would have been axed. I like them all. One Minute and Don't Waste Your Time have killer hooks, and the lyrics in Maybe and How I Feel are deeper than anything on Breakaway. If this CD under performs, I blame Clive Davis. It is obvious Kelly gave it her all on this one.
009917961X|5.0|I am actually surprised a Grisham book is going to make my Top 5 list of all time favorites.  Oh, but it is.  This was a fantastic book.  The characters and plot were so well developed, it was really tough putting this book down.  The story is typical Grisham.  A young lawyer graduates from Memphis State.  He has no money and no job.  In order to make ends meet, he is forced to work for the sleaziest lawyer in town.  But he takes with him a case against an insurance company that,  if he gets lucky, could mean millions in punitive damages.  His luck is not in his favor when the sleazy lawyer disappears and leaves Rudy and a paralegal named Deck, to start up an office of their own and take the case against one of the toughest law firms in Memphis.  Grisham does the layman justice by explaining law in a way anyone can understand. I always take something away from a Grisham book.  The action does not stop until the end of this one.  And I have to say I was surprised but definitely satisfied with the ending.  A must read!
B00005N9CV|4.0|I heard this CD while I was in vacation this summer and I love it. Diana Krall has a very specail voice and I just happen to love her voice.
B000NVIGC0|5.0|I've heard a great many Wilco fans remark that Sky Blue Sky is too ponderous or slow for their taste.  On the other hand, many of its advocates are pleased that at the very least it sounds a little like their older work (they remind me of the character in Woody Allen's Stardut Memories who miss his \\"early, funny films!\\")  Both takes, in my opinion miss the mark because neither are showing any active appreciation for this incredible record.  In reply to the first point I find it sad that the attention span of music \\"fans\\" is so woefully short. Why are listeners unwilling to sit down with a record for an hour or more and just listen to it on its own terms? Isn't it more rewarding to let a piece of art sink in and grow on you? Does it not then become a part of your life and your soul, as this album most certainly does when one gives it a chance?   Secondly, while it is fine to tune in to Wilco's earlier albums (all of them great for very different reasons), why would we expect the band to produce the same things they did in 1995? Perhaps those old early fans should heed Tweedy's advice that \\"You have to learn how to die if you wanna be alive.\\"  Tweedy and the wonderful, cohesive lineup of the band at present are not trying to be anything other than what seems right for them right now. Isn't that what art is all about?   The result: not only is this album sensitive, delicate and gorgeous when it chooses to be, but in equal measure, it is downright rocking. Even though I prefer to listen to this (or any) record in its entirity, \\"Shake It Off,\\" \\"Hate It Here\\" and \\"Walken\\" are some of the grooviest songs, ever. Sometimes I drive around in my car a few extra miles just to dig these incredible tracks.  Not only does SBS reflect Tweedy's increasing maturity and comfort in himself, but also I find it to be very romantic, explicitly revealing his deep appreication and love for his wife, Sue. As the wife of an artist myself, I can attest to the fact that our path, although incredibly rewarding, isn't easy.  \\"Patient with Me,\\" \\"Hate it Here,\\" and both the opening and closing tracks are very moving love songs, indeed. Thank you, Wilco for enriching my life with your work.
B00003CWL6|5.0|twisted but amazing the whole time your excpecting somthing only to realize what you think youve vigured out isent what it seems at all!
B000002WPI|5.0|This is it. If an alien landed on earth and wanted to know what hip hop was I would play him this. This is the definition of perfect hip hop.    1. Bring Da Rukus=10/10 Once you hear \\"Shaolin Shadowboxing\\" you know it's on. Dark Beat from the RZA and equally dark rhymes from the rest of the clan. Great Song.    2. Shame On A Ni**a=10/10 The complete opposite of the first song. A funky, piano abundent beat with laid back rhymes. This is the first you hear of Ol Dirty Bastard and it's some of his best.    3. Clan In Da Front=10/10 RZA starts off this song with some shoutouts but quickly moves into GZA's solo. Back to the dark beats we are used to from The RZA. Gza drops some classic material and makes this song a clasic.    4. Wu-Tang 7'Th Chamber=10/10 This song is so underrated just because it isn't one of RZA's best beats. But if you look past that this song holds some of the best rhymes on the album (RZA's, Ol Dirty Bastard's & Inspectah Deck's especially).    5. Can It Be All So Simple= 9.5/10 A laid back track from Ghostface & Raekwon (Who went on to work together much more in depth) talking about the \\"Good ol Days\\" THis song ends with an interview that has Method Man describing every member of the Wu.    6. Da Mystery Of Chessboxin'=10/10 This song gets better the more you listen to it. The song starts with the familier use of kung fu samples. U-God makes an apperance and just destroys the first verse and makes this song a classic. Masta Killa appears on this song (this is actually like a guest apperance considering he wasn't part of the group at this time) and shows off his lyrical prowess with lines like \\"We have an APB on an mc killa/looks like the work of a masta\\"    7. Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nothin' To F Wit=10/10 This is one of my favorite wu bangas. This song starts off with RZA yelling \\"Wu Tang Clan ain't nothin ta F**k wit\\" and sets the mood perfectly. Here we see the clan boasting that nobody can f**k wit us and if you try youre gonna get smoked!    8. C.R.E.A.M.=10/10 Inspectah Deck & Raekwon drop dope verses talking about their experiences in the hood and how money has shaped them. Method Man does the chorus \\"Cash Rules Everything Around Me CREAM! Get the money. Dolla Dolla Bill Yaaaaaaaal!\\"    9. Method Man=9.5/10 Yes it is like the title says. Method Man gets a solo song. That can be good or bad however you look at it. I think it's a shame that method man and Ghostface are the only members of the clan to get much  commercial exposure. However this song is still great but it may be a little too long for it's own good. Still it's hard not to get caught singing along with the chorus \\"M.E.T.H.O.D. MAN!\\"    10. Protect Ya Neck=10/10 The fist single off the album this song is classic not just in rap, but in music in general. Every member of the clan drops a verse and all of them classic. If you don't like this song chances are you don't like rap.    11. Tearz=9.5/10 RZA puts his keyboards to good use in this song. The Catchy beat works perfectly here. RZA & Ghostface both leave you thinking with their verses which are both meaningful, disturbing and thought-provoking.    12. Wu-Tang 7'Th chamber Part II=9/10 This is basically a remix of the original but with an even weaker beat. A conclusion to the interview started in Can It Be all so Simple is a nice way to close an album.    In conclusion if you don't have this BUY IT!!!! If you were only going to buy one rap album in your lifetime, make it this one!
B00005AQE8|5.0|This is one of Tupac's best CD's ever, and one of rap's greatest.  I love the tracks on this double, and it's so good my girlfriend listens to it.  Every song from the main mtv hits \\"How do u want it\\", the first song \\"Ambitions as a Ridah\\", to \\"I ain't mad at cha\\" are all anthems.  All classic Tupac, and hard to find anything in this day of modern hip hopas original, melodic, and lyrically captivating as this.
0061150142|1.0|I agree with other reviewers who were disappointed with this book.  Although it was beautifully written, I felt cheated, ripped off, and let down at the end.  The plot was not sufficiently developed through to the end.  There were too many blanks to be filled in, too many loose ends, too much left unsaid and undone.  There was far too much drama and not enough substance. I think it's fine to leave a few things in an ambiguous state at the end of a novel, to leave something to the reader's imagination, but c'mon, Picoult, FINISH THIS BOOK!   Also, the storyline and dialogue during the trial got tedious and ridiculous.  Was I, as the reader, supposed to feel any sympathy for Chris?  I surely did not.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|Very enjoyable music - even if you haven't seen the movie, the harmonies and instruments are lovely. Most every song is a good one - and frankly, that's rare for me to say that. I've got many CD's that have only 2 or 3 \\"good\\" songs, but this one is exceptional. I intend to buy more copies to give as gifts. I highly recommend it - and catch the movie if you can; it's worth the price of the ticket.
B000PKG6TE|5.0|This album is beginning to end a sonic work of art.  I don't think I would call it a concept album, but it certainly has a cohesive feel that makes listening to it end too soon.  Maybe it's a hint of classic progressive rock attitude.  At the conclusion of this CD...I hit play again.  I have liked QOTSA albums before, but I don't remember being as addicted to anything they have done like this album.  There are great guitar parts, soulful singing by Josh Homme and Mark Lannegan, searing six string solos, layered sound textures, rock solid rhythm/percussion, burning bluesy roots, quirky thoughtful lyrics and melodic growling bass.  They threw everything in but the kitchen sink into this amazing sonic brew...buy it and put it on repeat!
B00003CXWV|5.0|What George Jung did was illegal.  But why George Jung did it, is really and truly an inspiration!    George Jung vowed never to be poor, and he would do whatever it took to make sure that he (and eventually his family) had the best life they possibly could.  Sadly, Jung suffered the consequences after being caught, and ineveitably lost more than his money and freedom.  It is this that makes the story of George Jung so riveting and true to the heart.    He did what every red-blooded American wanted to do, make money without really having to work to make it.  Is there anything wrong with that?  No.  Dis he get caught?  Yes.  Was he man enough to stand there and take the punishment?  Absolutely.  Jung may have sacrificed quite a bit, but he did it all, not for him, but for his family; for his daughter.  For that alone, George Jung is really an American hero.      Johnny Depp has always been my favorite actor, because of his versatility and ability to make you believe that he \\"is\\" the character.  No surprise here that Depp puts on a stunning portrayel of Jung!  Also, I'm really not a fan of Paul Ruebens, but his character Derek was amazingly funny, as well as true.    The rest of the cast was also just as solid.  Ray Liotta, Rachel Griffiths, and of course Penelope Cruz, all do wonderful and spot-on jobs as their characters!  The directing in this film is also a top-notch acheivement and stands alone as a historical mark.    This film ranks right up there with \\"Goodfellas\\" for me as one to become (or may already be) a classic!  I urge anyone to at least rent this movie, and see why (I believe) George Jung is a great man!
B000QQFKYE|2.0|Even by David Lynchian standards this was a convoluted, incomprehensible mess. After enduring nearly 3 hours of jumbled vignettes of disjointed scenes, many in camera obscura, many in Polish, and many with people wearing donkey heads (??or mouse heads), with an obligato of blaring, jarring noises, I finally succumbed to the inevitable: this is simply not good. Lynch is making too many demands upon this humble viewer. I know. I know. It's phantasmagorical, artistic genius that I've just witnessed. Well, maybe. But nevertheless it was not in the least understandable nor, for that reason primarily,  enjoyable.     I watch movies in the main to be entertained, sometimes educated. This opus did neither. I came away bored and dissatisfied. I felt like I had just been privy to someone's psychotic nightmare.
B000QQFKYE|2.0|Being an admirer of Lynch's prior films, I must admit I was sadly disappointed by this one.  Maybe it's just me, but I could not get into the complex narrative -- mainly due to all the abstractions and hairpin turns.  One thing I noticed was that Lynch's art seemed to play a much larger part in this work than any other.  And by that I mean the imagery that prevails in his photography, painting, sculpture, etc.  It felt as though this film was an assemblage of media and ideas of sorts.  But because of that, I felt the film suffered.  Or, maybe it didn't suffer.  Maybe that's what it was meant to be.  I, on the other hand, was hoping for a different kind of narrative.  And I suppose my biggest criticism of this piece is simply based on the idea that the world already contains odd, creepy and weird things -- so why work SO hard at creating artificially odd scenarios?  This just felt like more like film as \\"art\\" as opposed to film as many of us tend to know it and expect.  I have yet to watch the extras, but they sound great.
B000CNFC76|4.0|This is an inspirational true story that sports fans, especially golf fans should see. It has been quoted as the first \\"underdog success story in American sports\\".    If you are interested in the movie, I strongly urge you to read Mark Frost's book by the same name. The book has much more details and spends a great deal of time explaining the historical context and the birth of modern golf. I found the movie disappointing after reading the book, but that is to be expected since the movie must omit many details (the book is 475 pages).     Without having read the book, I would have definitely missed some of the details of the movie such as Vardon's wrist twitching. Furthermore, I am a bit confused as to why Vardon doesn't have a mustache in this movie when he did in real life? There are some innacuracies between the movie and the  book such as the scores of the final round. It is also a shame that Walter Hagen is completely absent from the movie, since he plays an important part in the book and is an instrumental player in the birth of golf in America.    All in all, this is a truly memorable story and the movie is entertaining. Those who seek to dig a little deeper and to make sure they get the facts straight should also read the book.
0316067598|5.0|After reading some of the reviews, I find them hilarious.  Some people expect a personal account of a battle to be perfect in all sorts of way.  A delusional worldview.    This is Marcus's personal story which begs the old age question of kill or be killed.      A great read.  Makes you pause to think of your tiny everyday problems.    Also illustrates that by taking the moral high ground may mean you end up taking Boot Hill.
B00005JPLW|4.0|Engaging film though one cannot help but think of Gladiator by the look of it.  The music is hard driving and there are moments of tenderness.  The graphic battle scenes may be too much for those who are sensitive but is probably just as graphic as Gladiator is.  Overall, an entertaining reminder that war is part of humankind until the end of time.
B000GY729M|2.0|This record is a hopelessly flawed sophmore effort. It starts out reasonably well with \\"Sam's Town\\", an OK rock number. \\"When You We're Young\\" is the only real single and the album's sole bright spot. Beyond that, it's a waste of plastic. They've even gone to the point of remixing tracks like \\"Read My Mind\\" into synth-dance numbers to make them more palatable to radio. Probably what they should have done in the first place.  Synths, sizzling guitars, screaming vocals and the posh disco polish from \\"Hot Fuss\\" have been replaced by banal lyrics, over-production, and Brandon Flowers' overdone tremolo vocal style. He's well on his way to becoming the Dennis DeYoung (Styx) of his generation, a shameless ham with no clue how bad he is. Fix it boys, and soon.
B00005JNQA|2.0|The over rated Kidman could not nail a proper accent so her accent is from a non-existent country, which is what directors have to do when they have hired a marginally talented performer.  Sadly Kidman has very little to show us that has not been seen over and over again as Hollywood keeps selling her as a talented actor.  If one focuses on Sean Penn trying to keep a straight face by pretending he actually cares about her character and if one buys into the ludicrous plot, one can be entertained by this movie while drunk.
0446528056|5.0|I'm not a Nicolas Sparks fan, but was given this book as a gift.  I read it because I took it with me on a trip.  I really enjoyed the book.  I don't want to give away aspects of the story, but I highly recommend it as a good read--you won't be dissapointed.
B000R4SMCW|3.0|Though there are plot twists that could be argued, the movie is still effective.  Gosling is very convincing in his role.  Hopkins, one cannot help remember Hannibal during this role, is just okay with a strangely changing accent over the course of the movie.  The female role makes absolutely no sense.  The movie ended minutes ago and I cannot remember her character's name.   It is not a gripping movie; more of a psychological game (but certainly not on par with Sleuth).
B000MR9D5E|1.0|I really didn't enjoy this series because I wanted to enjoy watching it with my little one, which I couldn't because I was horrified with all of the death and killing of the prey--especially the babies.  I understand that is how nature is, but I also needed to see a happy ending now and then.  Also, my dvd had a lot of areas where it skipped and stopped--which seems to be a common problem that others have found also.  If you do end up purchasing it, watch all of the discs right away to ensure yours isn't defective.
B0000669JL|5.0|Bob Marley seems to be in our collective consciousness. I recently traveled from the US mainland to St. Thomas via North Carolina (to) and Puerto Rico (when coming from). In every stop and at my destination, I heard Marley playing - original or covered material. There is never too much Marley in my home. My son \\"borrowed\\" this CD from me. His baby sons are also now listening to Marley. My Mum loves the music and so it is now being listened to by 4 generations. I nearly forgot - my 94 year old Grandmother also recognizes the music. One love!
0345440900|5.0|This book was recommeded by my OBGYN.  I read a few other books but found Tracy's information and advice useful and accurate.  I found her writing style to be enjoyable--like reading a good novel, therefore, I retained the information; rather than trying to recall what you should do in a particular situation.
B00005JPLW|5.0|This movie moves to the top of my list for movies about bravery and/or character. It's right up there with Braveheart and The Emperors Club. An incredible story with some great acting/screenplay and special effects.
6305428050|4.0|The music was great in this movie and I have talked to so many people that have said the same thing.....Why didn't they make a CD of the soundtrack?
B00005JPLW|4.0|We all know the movie is awesome I can't do it justice by reviewing the flim bur rather I'm going to review the DVD.     I watched this Great film on my HD TV upconverted though my DVD player. The Picture was at best alright at and worst blocky You might bethinking to blame the upconverstion but other DVDs especally my Anime DVDs and James Bond sets look amazing upconverted. This was just lazy transfering.    If you gotta have 300 on DVD and face it it's an awesome movie you do. One of the best movies of the Decade let alone this year then get the Combo HD DVD/DVD I assume but won't know until I get it that the picture quality is better.
0553573403|3.0|I read the first chapter and I locked onto this young hunter type kid... then Martin kills hime off.  Atypical of the genre.  Don't get too attached to anyone, Martin likes to kill them off.<br /><br />Its a good book, and Martin jumps from one character's perspective to another, which keeps it from getting dull.
B00005M91K|5.0|...    The film is mind expanding; making one see how interconnected we all are and how our communal, global greed erodes away our human dignity! Time has truly become of the essence if we want to save our planet and maybe even mankind .
0743496728|5.0|I almost passed this book up due to the subject matter, but now I am glad I didn't.  This is one of the best books I have read in a long time!  Jodi Picoult was masterful in weaving a tale of good vs. evil. But, I found myself wondering just who was evil in this story-the shooter or those who brought him to his terrible fate. My heart was breaking for the shooter's mother who saw her young son being bullied for being sweet and sensitive and who looked back on what she did wrong.  This story left me thinking about how I should be raising my own children!
B000062TU1|4.0|I will always think fondly of this movie because it inspired me to pick up the first Harry Potter book and I've been a rabid fan ever since.  I'm one of those book before movie people so I had to read the novel in order to go see this movie and I was pleased to see that it was such a faithful adaptation to Rowling's wonderful tale.    This movie did a wonderful job of capturing the wonder and awe of the first HP novel.  Hogwarts was an especially lovely effect and when Harry first walks into the Great Hall and all the candles are floating overhead, I felt all the magic I felt when reading those words on the page.  I think Columbus and crew captured the essence of the castle and somehow managed to create a visual of something so fantastical.    The casting of the movie was also extremely well done.  I adore Maggie Smith as McGonagall and Richard Harris captures the mischievous and wise nature of Dumbledore.  Perhaps best of all the adult casting is that of Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid.  He looks exactly as I pictured the character but, more importantly, he captures Hagrid's rather childlike nature and the accent is wonderful.  Coltrane doesn't just portray Hagrid, he is Hagrid.    I also thought the children were wonderfully cast.  Daniel Radcliffe looks like Harry and I fought back tears when his earnest young face first looked into the Mirror of Erised.  Rupert Grint looks just as I pictured Ron Weasley and Emma Watson is wonderfully bossy and a fantastic know-it-all as Hermione Granger.  The casting of the Phelps brothers as the Weasley twins was absolutely brilliant and I think they were dead on in their interpretation of the lovable scoundrels.    Yet in spite of its fantastical nature, this film, like the book, feels as though it is something like our own reality.  There are many wonderful things in Harry's world but it's not that different from our own.  The same prejudices and the same human frailties that exist in our world exist in Harry's.  Though being a wizard is pretty darn cool, it's not the answer to Harry's problems and the film makes clear that he has some difficult challenges ahead of him.      I think the central theme of this movie is one that is invaluable for both children and adults alike: that love is the most powerful magic that exists.  Even with all the wand waving and fantastical creatures, it is love that is Harry's salvation.
1400034779|3.0|When you've just waded through a gigantic work of serious history, laden with so many facts that it's a kind of literary Death by Chocolate, you need a change.  I thought I'd find it with this tale of a Botswana lady detective and I wasn't mistaken.  THE No1 LADIES' DETECTIVE AGENCY is as light as a milkweed seed wafting its way across a fall meadow.  You couldn't ask for anything less taxing.  Though ostensibly it is a detective novel, following any sort of plot is not too tough to say the least !  It is more a slice of life in the quiet, mildly-prosperous country of Botswana in southern Africa, seldom seen in the headlines because it has avoided murderous dictators, wars, and massacres, not to mention starvation and dire poverty.  Mma Ramotswe sets herself up as a private detective.  We meet her friends and acquaintances, see inside her house, learn the condition of her little white van, and follow her on her daily rounds as she discovers cheating husbands, embezzling employees, teenage romancers, fake doctors, and missing people.  She drinks innumerable mugs of bush tea, politely deflects would-be husbands, and reflects on her own unfortunate marital history.  Mma Ramotswe is a nice character, and she eventually solves---without the slightest twist or turn, no guns, no car chases---the only serious crime in the book, a murder or kidnapping case.  It is all very lightweight.  If this is what you are looking for, you've certainly come to the right place.  Your brain will not get out of first gear, but you'll experience some mild enjoyment and be introduced to a society which might be a little too sane to be true.  Mr. Smith, the author, should have done a bit more research on Indian names and somebody in the whole editorial process might have noticed that \\"Gandhi\\" does not have an `h' after the `G'.  Whether or not a white man can assume successfully the character of a black African woman can be left to others to ponder.  It's not usually a good idea.  But the book definitely pleases if you don't get into \\"hegemonic discourse\\" and the like.  Just like bush tea, it will settle you right down.ook definitely pleases if you don't get into \\"hegemonic discourse\\" and the like.  Just like bush tea, it will settle you right down.
B00008DDXC|3.0|As a rabid Harry Potter fan, I eagerly awaited this movie and I couldn't help but be disappointed.  Naturally, since I've devoured all of the books, I had some ideas about how this movie should be and, as a result, came away feeling let down.    It can't be said enough that the casting of these movies is masterful.  Snape was never a particular favorite of mine and although I initially felt that Alan Rickman was miscast, he soon did away with all of my apprehensions.  He is masterful as Snape.  With the simple curl of a lip or a subtle change in the slant of his eyebrow, he can convey the sinister nature of Snape and his expressions are every bit as inscrutable as the Snape from the books.    It was a pleasure to see that Rickman was not the only wonderful cast member to return.  The actors do a wonderful job of really inhabiting their characters and the child actors have grown since the previous movie.  The fact that they're the same actors helps maintain the continuity that is so important to the HP works as a whole.  Not only are Harry and his friends growing in the books, so are the actors who portray them.    Another very strong point of this movie was Dobby, a character I loved in the books.  In spite of his odd and rather ugly appearance, there is something sweet and endearing about him.  He's loyalty personified--even though he can be a pain in the rear.  His voice was wonderful too and it was such a treat to see him move from the page and into \\"real\\" life.    Jason Isaacs is another welcome addition to the cast of characters and he infuses Lucius Malfoy with cold, elegant menace.  He's every bit as intimidating as Snape but with a thin veneer of charm and elegance.  Isaacs really made the character come to life for me.    Yet in spite of all this, what I sorely missed in this movie was the delicious humor that permeated nearly every page of the book.  I've long felt that Chamber of Secrets is the funniest of the HP books but much of the humor was stripped from the movie in order to move the plot along.  I felt that this did the story a disservice as humor so often proves such a saving grace in Harry's world.
0316018953|4.0|People may complain about the length, but I thought it was refreshing to have a book in this series be more plot-driven than the others. Usually you get this whole Harry Bosch drama, which is in one sense not bad, but in another sense gets a little old 10+ books into the series. So with a hundred less pages to work with than normal, you wind up with a whodunit which moves right along. Not bad.
B0002TT0NW|5.0|I will preface this review by saying that PoA is my favorite of the HP novels and I strongly felt that this film did it justice.  It benefited a great deal from the change of director and there were some sweeping scenic shots in this movie that simply stole my breath, in particular the scene in which Harry and Lupin are having a discussion while on a Gothic bridge.  The grandeur of the scenery and the lonely aspect of some of the wintry shots did a great deal to enhance the longing Harry feels in his search for the man whom he believes betrayed his parents and led to their deaths.    David Thewlis is a wonderful Lupin.  His face expresses so much and he did such a wonderful job of expressing the sorrow and anger and regret that Lupin feels over what happened to the Potters.  When he talks about Sirius, it's obvious how conflicted he is, how he is still unable to account for such a change in character of a man whom he thought he knew so well.  I also found his interactions with Harry very touching and Thewlis made it apparent that Lupin fervently wants to do right by Harry, to protect him as he was unable to protect James.    Gary Oldman is simply a wonderful actor and his inclusion in the cast does much for the film.  His Sirius is wound so tightly that you can see the tension in every inch of his body, his mind so close to coming unhinged due to years of guilt and torture in Azkaban that I could feel myself holding my breath in the Shrieking Shack scene.  His interactions with Harry were powerful, evolving from hate and mistrust to tentative steps toward reconciliation and seeking to find something good in the ashes of Harry's tragedy.    I don't like Gambon as Dumbledore.  I felt Harris did a much better job of capturing Dumbledore's true nature.  I know Gambon wanted to put his own twist on the character but it is to the character's detriment.  Dumbledore now comes across as feeble and befuddled and he doesn't exemplify the collected nature and almost constant sense of amusement that the Dumbledore of the books exhibits.    My other dissatisfaction with the film stems from the inconsistencies of the effects.  Harry's Patronus is lovely and the Dementors are scary (though, truth be told, a bit too reminiscent of The Lord of the Ring's Nazgul) but when Lupin's werewolf form is revealed it's actually rather silly looking.  The Knight Bus looked wonderful but the scenes on it were too cartoonish for my taste.    These are really minor bumps, though.  The strength of this novel lies in the story, in Harry's search for the truth about what happened to his parents and in his grasping for someone to offer him the guidance he so craves.  It is a story of great betrayal and yet it is difficult to truly hate Peter Pettigrew for his betrayal because his cowardice is entirely too human.  Most of all, though, it is the story of Harry's search for his identity, for his roots, of his desire and need to learn more about a past of which he knows so little.
0156027321|5.0|LIFE OF PI, Yann Martel's fanciful castaway tale, is one of those amorphous books which can take many shapes under the eyes of many readers.  Some readers may see a survival story a la ROBINSON CRUSOE.  Other readers may see a religious fable.  Others still may take it as a sea-faring, coming-of-age tale.  It is all of these things, of course -- testament to Martel's storytelling ability.<br /><br />The first 93 pages are devoted to young Pi Patel's youth in Pondicherry, India, where his father serves as the keeper of that sleepy town's zoo.  The slow pace here is remarkable only for Pi's fascination with religion -- he becomes an acolyte of sorts to Christianity, Islam, and Hinduism.  With a passionate belief in one God, Pi cannot fathom the divisions so apparent to practitioners of these religions who claim theirs as the one true faith.<br /><br />Key to the novel is Pi's disdain for agnostics (even worse than atheists) and their rather arrogant doubt.  In contrast to faith, such disbelief is coined \\"a dry, yeastless factuality.\\"  Better to embrace the sheer joy of story, of religion, of wonder.  This all is played out in most engaging fashion in Part Two -- the bulk of the book -- which tells the tale of the sinking of a ship transporting Pi's family and many of the zoo animals to Canada.  Pi survives on a lifeboat that also is clung to by a hyena, an orangutan, and a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker you'll never forget.<br /><br />The heart of the book is Martel's graphic descriptions of survival at sea with a twist, that is, sharing a lifeboat with one of the world's most accomplished killers.  Does the tiger symbolize doubt, agnosticism, Darwinian might, faith, man's animal nature?  The reader can go many ways with it, just as a believer can find many routes to his God.<br /><br />Bookending LIFE OF PI's central survival-at-sea story is a short and humorous section involving Pi's questioning at the hands of two Japanese Ministry of Transport officials looking for the cause of the ship's sinking (it was a Japanese-registered cargo ship).  Their complete disbelief at his story mirrors nicely the agnostics' disdain for fanciful stories as found in the Bible and other religious texts. Martel wisely avoids the soapbox, however, including a liberal dose of humor in this back-and-forth exchange between boy and inquisitors.<br /><br />If they can clear the lazy pace of Part One, impatient readers will no doubt thrill at the realistic (and scientifically accurate) descriptions of the killing necessary to survive as rendered in Part Two; patient readers, meanwhile, will luxuriate in both the Darwinian and the mythic/religious angles offered in addition to the central plot of a castaway.  Food for thought, then, in this tale of a starving boy and his hungry tiger learning to live as one in harmony while tossing about on an existential sea.  Surely tigers everywhere will consider it \\"The Greatest Story Ever Told,\\" and you'll come out learning more about animal psychology, religion, and life than you ever thought you could from a single book.  Not a bad exchange for a 300-plus page run of fiction, I'd say.  A slice of Pi for every reader, then.  Enjoy.king (it was a Japanese-registered cargo ship).  Their complete disbelief at his story mirrors nicely the agnostics' disdain for fanciful stories as found in the Bible and other religious texts. Martel wisely avoids the soapbox, however, including a liberal dose of humor in this back-and-forth exchange between boy and inquisitors.     If they can clear the lazy pace of Part One, impatient readers will no doubt thrill at the realistic (and scientifically accurate) descriptions of the killing necessary to survive as rendered in Part Two; patient readers, meanwhile, will luxuriate in both the Darwinian and the mythic/religious angles offered in addition to the central plot of a castaway.  Food for thought, then, in this tale of a starving boy and his hungry tiger learning to live as one in harmony while tossing about on an existential sea.  Surely tigers everywhere will consider it \\"The Greatest Story Ever Told,\\" and you'll come out learning more about animal psychology, religion, and life than you ever thought you could from a single book.  Not a bad exchange for a 300-plus page run of fiction, I'd say.  A slice of Pi for every reader, then.  Enjoy.
B000M341QE|5.0|I was just glued to the chair without blinking my eyes. One of the greatest gangster thriller (if not greatest suspense) of 2000's. Full of twists and turns.What a gripping rollercoster ride.Caprio should have won best actor for this movie. Fantastic direction of Martin and excellent screenplay. The language is brutal but not surprising when you actually see the street gangs these days. The violence is disturbing but realistic. Balwin is humourous. Marting sheen symbolizes goodness. Jack Nicholson may have overacted a bit and looses the Boston tempo he shows in the beginning but who can complain about him.      This brutal move is Not recommended fo pure hearts.
B00005JP9V|5.0|The clincher for CHILDREN OF MEN is that it does something that I don't think any other film except for maybe the Lord of the Rings and Star Wars movies does as well. It creates a fully believable world, complete down to the very last detail, in spite of its rather fantastic premise.    In addition to that: The score is wonderful, the character acting is brilliant and subtle, the special effects are neither flashy nor unimpressive, the plot follows Joseph Campbell's monomyth \\"Voyage of the Hero\\" structure closely enough to make for a classic story, and the cinematography is quite possibly the best I've ever seen in a movie.    Where CHILDREN OF MEN succeeds is not in crafting an epic, dramatic story of superhuman proportions; rather, it creates a moving portrait of an imagined near future that doesn't act as anything so much as a window into that future showing the critical actions of a few of its denizens. It's hard to encapsulate in words. It's just a brilliant piece of work, and I give it up for everyone involved in making it.
6302158249|5.0|This concert video is simply one of a very few all-time classic performances. To the naysayers I say, if you saw Dire Straits on a better night, lucky you. But this is just what the doctor ordered for me, all the great songs, played fantastically, and we actually get to SEE one of the all-time great guitarists do his thing. The video was state-of-the-art for its time, and the VHS-Stereo was only second to digital. So why has there been no DVD release in the USA? Come on, I will gladly buy it again on DVD, it is just that great!
B000002UJQ|4.0|OK COMPUTER occupies the unique place of being an album that I cannot really profess to \\"love\\" without offering some qualifiers, yet one that beats out several albums that I really *do* love (for example, Fleetwood Mac's RUMOURS) as one of my very favorites.    How does one love an album whose central message is that life is practically meaningless and society has utterly dehumanized us? Yet how does an album with such a message contain as beautiful a piece as \\"Let Down\\", a glittering ballad crying out at the despair that life in 1996/97 (and 2006/07, and 1986/87, and 1996/97 B.C., and forever and always) can be, mourning the emptiness of it all, yet still being heartbreakingly beautiful?    Radiohead is famous for being utterly vague and obtuse in their lyrical meanings, relying more on their words' and more importantly their music's *impression* upon the listener than on their literal meaning and direct denotation. So it's hard to say if the Oxford quartet actually intended to leave those kernels of hope in beauty in the fabric of OK COMPUTER, or if I'm just a lone fan interpreting that meaning on my lonesome.    I still can't say that I love it. But it's definitely played often enough through my speakers.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|This is a Great tv series its definatly worth buying i loved it from the first time i saw it on tv, the dvd itself is amazing there are many special features which are really funny especially the bloopers. Im so glad i bought it, i actually live in England and i decided to buy it from USA because it is so much better than the Uk dvd there is no special features at all on the Uk version, so for me it was a great buy i cant stop watching it. The Actors Jared Padalecki and Jenson Ackles are both very talented and have great chemistry this makes the show even better. I cant wait for Season 2 to be relised on dvd.  Great Job Guys, keep up the amazing work !!! Bring on the next season !!!
075640407X|4.0|Except for the decidedly Christianity-like mythology, thankfully condensed in mostly one chapter, the book is quite original. And the wit and humor just make the story seem alive. Now that I was given the first book, I am forced to buy the rest of the series as well. Shame on Penguin.<br /><br />There are a few other flaws, unfortunately. The decidedly medieval setting should not preclude the existence of a strong, authoritative female character, and I noticed about five editing errors/oversights.
B000LXHK2C|3.0|To inherit and sell off his recently-deceased uncle's real estate including small vineyard and old chateau, Max Skinner, London-based investment broker, flies to Province, France, where he meets a beautiful woman named Fanny -- and finds a new meaning of life. You don't find many surprises in the thin story of \\"A Good Year\\" which is shot against the background of beautiful scenery of Province, but probably you don't mind.     Russell Crowe plays bespectacled Max, able but arrogant dealer, and Marion Cotillard plays Fanny, fiery but honest waitress. On the road Max nearly kills Fanny by his careless driving while Fanny in return fills the chateau's empty swimming pool where he is trapped with dirty water. It doesn't take much time for us (and them) to realize that they are made for each other and actually, they are. Crowe may not be the best choice for the role of Max, but still his acting itself is very good and so is Marion Cotillard, who was so memorable in French dark fantasy romance \\"Love Me If You Dare\\" as one of the most obstinate lovers in the movie history.    Still somehow I didn't feel the film's story is told in a right way either as romance or comedy. To be a romance, \\"A Good Year\\" spends too little time on Fanny, whose character should be more fleshed out. To be a comedy (and it surely tries to be one), Ridley Scott's direction (with some references to Jacques Tati) falls flat. Good as he is, Russell Crowe is not M. Hulot whose silly pratfalls are amusing to see. Several episodes are repeated, about terrifying scorpion, about noisy car navigation system, about bicycle riders, but most of them miss the right timing.    Another disappointing thing about \\"A Good Year\\" is its structure. The story is frequently interrupted by flashbacks which show us the relations between Max as little boy (Freddie Highmore) and his uncle (Albert Finney). Max's uncle and his secrets (about wine and women) play a pivotal role in the story, but for all the presence of veteranactor Finney, these flashback scenes fail to present him as interesting person as he should be.     I truly admire his keen instinct for visuals and grand-scale fight scenes created in his works, but for me Ridley Scott is always a hit-and-miss director. I know \\"A Good Year\\" is a well-made light-weight romance and should be enjoyed as such, but I at the same time felt that the lightness (or shallowness, some might say) may not be his forte.
B0000399WI|5.0|Our world is a parable, a metaphorical prison. All men suffer and many feel this is unjust. Our better selves remain mostly jailed within. The best of us uplift ourselves, our companions, and our surroundings. It's a Jewish principle -- Wherever you are, be a kodosh (a holy person).  Tim Robbins's character in \\"The Shawshank Redemption\\" pulls it off -- in more ways than one. The viewer is slow to warm to this soft-spoken prisoner (unsure if he killed his wife and her lover). But that how it is with truly great people. A person ahead of his time or standing outside of time is sentenced to be misunderstood and abused.  Marvel at Andy Dufrense's (Robbins) triumph in this first-rate movie. It's a tad condescending toward the Bible through the character of Warden Norton but remains an excellent movie (based on a Stephen King short story). The truth that one has to slog through much feces to find redemption vividly comes to life.
B000QQFKYE|4.0|This film is all about Laura Dern and her talent, I could see her getting an oscar nomination for this one.  For three hours she gets to act pretty much every emotion possible as her character Nikki Grace and the character her character is playing Susan Blue in this film within a film within a dreamlike/Nightmare world which goes deeper and deeper into the rabbit hole where there are actual rabbits in costumes.    So, what is this new three hour film from David Lynch about?  I asked myself that same question before watching it so I turned over the box to find, no explanation.  Perhaps they didn't understand it completely either.  I'll give it a shot Laura Dern's character is an actress who gets a role in a film, after signing on she is told that the film is actually a remake of a polish film called 47, which was never finished due to a tragedy and the film itself is said to be cursed.  Sounds simple enough, nope, her life begins to mimic the fictional film they are shooting.  Through this film we have jealous husbands, lovers, polish gangsters, murderers, moments of horror, the giant bunnies i mentioned above and a cool and diverse soundtrack.   To go into great detail and analyze this film would take away from the viewers experience of discovering something completely new and unpredictable where there are no rules.    The viewer should pay close attention to everything said in this film as things are revealed in no order and things that made no sense at the beginning \\"might\\" make sense at the end or the middle or somewhere.  You may want to view it again after seeing it as there is a lot to absorb.  The Internet Movie Database puts this in the drama and mystery genre, the mystery may be the film itself.      DVD FEATURES - (from the backcover)  Disk one:  -Inland Empire Features 179mins (On this dvd you have to choose to shut off the french subtitles, does not do it automatically)     -Disk two:  -More things that happend  -Ballerina  -Lynch 2  -Quinoa  -Stories  -Trailers  -Stills
B00012BSHG|5.0|We got today for replacement another pool. It is good size for 2 children 2 and 5 years old. good enough play at balcony size they can jump with extra air on the bottom for safe. colorful and pretty. Kids love it. So far it's not broken.
B0001I561E|5.0|The \\"monster\\" genie scenes frightened our children initially when they were three years old.  Now, at four, it is one of the most their frequently requested DVD's.    Watching this DVD and getting to know the Aladdin characters seemed to enhance our recent trip to EuroDisney for our children.    Definite must-have addition to the children's DVD library.
B000002KKC|3.0|This 'version' of the album is sold as a 'budget edition' and you will certainly be able to get it pretty cheaply(it should be cheap as it is not the original album).     I used to be less than keen on this album because, I feel, it suffers when compared to \\"Rumours\\", for a lack of the former's consistency. Actually I have been playing it again recently and find it is growing on me. One thing it has always had going for it though, was the presence of 'Sara', a song that is not just one of the best Fleetwood Mac songs, but one of my all-time favourite songs.     This 'version' of the album, however, features the shorter 'single edit' of 'Sara' for no fathomable reason... Oh hang on a minute, could it be that the 'suits' at the record company saw a way of persuading even casual fans of the band to buy the 'Deluxe 2 disc edition' of the album for more money, when a straight forward remastering of the album on a single disc would be enough for all but a few die-hards.     It has been suggested that CD sales are falling. With this sort of cynical manipulation/stupidity(they chopped up the highlight of the album!)the record companies are 'sewing the seeds' themselves.     I have seen it suggested that the reason that an 'edited down' version was offered was because of 'technical constraints of CDs at the time of its release' well the full album the 2 disc reissue([[ASIN:B00009RAJJ Tusk]])is 74mins 20 secs long and fits neatly onto 1 disc, so I don't see how that argument can be used, even if that was the case, there was a simple solution, they could have released the album on 2 discs at the time(it's not that difficult is it?).     4 and a bit stars for the Proper album, 3 for this.
B00004U2GH|5.0|Everyone knows Johnny Cash is a legend, and this album shows why that is the case.  Not only does it showcase his talent, but it gives you a glimpse of the person as well.  Vintage Cash and worth every penny!
B000QUCNP4|2.0|Way too long for what it has to say. After all this is not Shakespeare. Serial killers, interesting as they are in reality, do not make for successful film making. It gets a bit tedious and one dimmensional after you realize things are going nowhere. That 4 or 5 year interval gives the actor a chance to over act and over re-act and the audience a chance to get a beer.  Terrific cinematography as always from Fincher. Great music track. No 'Seven' no 'Manhunter' but it wanted to be.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Im been an Eminem fan for a VERY long. That aside the review that Lizz Mendez Berry wrote on this CD is the most unproffesional review that ive ever seen. Mrs. Berry needs to realize that she is not a pundit, she is a critic. It is not the job of a critic to judge a persons character or personal life. She needs to judge CD's WITHOUT bias.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|The answer to the question is that Shrek is one of a kind. Mike Myers is the voice behind the best-known ogre in the movie industry. Shrek lives in a secluded area of the forest, but when Lord Farquaad resolves that all the fairy creatures need to live in this area, Shrek's peace is seriously affected. Thus, he focuses on scaring everyone away, even though at heart he is a big teddy-bear. One day, he sees a regiment from the kingdom of Far Far Away capturing fairies. Lord Farquaad, the leader of the oppressors, thinks that the talking donkey deserves to be incarcerated, but Shrek cannot help himself and rescues the poor thing.<br /><br />This is not the last Shrek and Farquaad will see of each other. The latter decides that he would like to marry Princess Fiona, but there is a small obstacle in the way. She is held hostage in a castle defended by a fierce dragon and many have succumbed in their rescue attempts. Therefore, Farquaad organizes a tournament to decide who should go to bring back his wife-to-be. You can take a guess as to who the lucky winner is.<br /><br />This is not your typical fairy tale, and it is definitely intended for an audience a little more mature, but it is an enjoyable one. There is one word that defines this movie to the T: humor. The actors selected to give voice to the characters of Shrek (Myers), Lady Fionna (Cameron Diaz) and Donkey (Eddie Murphy) are perfect for their roles. The writers also did an excellent job in picking the jokes and the funny comments throughout the production are something to cherish.<br /><br />There is also a wide selection of extra features in the two-disc DVD; including an area designated as Dreamwork Kids that allows you to select you favorite scenes, watch two music videos (Baha Men and Smash Mouth), and play interactive games and trivia. My favorite extra feature was the one that discusses the technical aspects of the animation, because this is one of the most amazing aspects of this film. Nowadays there are many examples of animation of this quality, but when \\"Shrek\\" first came out, it was one of a kind. Finally, the music completes the total package, since it blends perfectly with the different parts of the plot and it is catchy and enjoyable. Overall, a great effort that cannot be missed!ation of this quality, but when \\"Shrek\\" first came out, it was one of a kind. Finally, the music completes the total package, since it blends perfectly with the different parts of the plot and it is catchy and enjoyable. Overall, a great effort that cannot be missed!
B000N6TX1I|5.0|Some people are at their best when things are at their absolute worst.  This is true of the movie's protagonist, Theo.  You probably already know the story line, but what transpire are several dark themes which emerge from the backdrop of a future world which has lost all hope.  Theo is a man who was mortally wounded before the movie even began by the death of his son and his subsequent divorce from the obvious love of his life.  This shell of a man is suddenly thrust into the middle of a group of terrorists called the \\"fishes\\" who are at war with the totalitarian government which Britain has morphed into for the sake of survival in a world gone mad with anarchy.  Theo briefly regains his love, Julia, but, just as fate is cruel to mankind's future, it is cruel to Theo's budding romance.  In a shocking twist of events we see that, just as there is no honor among thieves, there is no honor among terrorists.  But there is one small glimmer of hope in the gloom and Theo never waivers in his quest to save it from the cruel fate for which he is obviously destined.  This movie is about hopelessness, cruelty, heartlessness but it is also about love, salvation and the indomitable strength of the human spirit.  The movie also contains some brilliant and unique cinematography as well as many subtle strokes of genius that make it worth watching again and again.
0316921173|5.0|I hope the author is working on a sequel! I truly did not want this book to end.<br /><br />Advice: take this book in small doses. I read Trollope & Dickens along with this (not sure what that says about me...) and had considerable time to reflect as I was trying to figure out where Wallace was going with things.<br /><br />This was the first of his works I have read and I am very much looking forward to the others.<br /><br />Often confusing, never boring and always screwy enough to amuse.<br /><br />More, I say! More! Relax, read and enjoy.<br /><br />Dick Johnson
B00005JPLW|4.0|OK, so the title of this review comprises about 95% of the dialogue of the movie. It was one continuous uproar of men grunting, screaming, beating their chests, waiving swords in the air, and directing general carnage. On top of that, the movie was shamelessly racist, showing every Spartan as model-sculpted, ripped young men and women, spouting the virtues of freedom, democracy, etc. Contrast that with the evil, diminuitive, scarred, and grotesque enemies from the \\"east\\" (although looking oddly-similar to the middle east) who were slaves, bound, and craven.     So, all of that being said, why did I rate this movie a 4??? Because it's one heck of a ride! OK, so it goes over the top several times, but the battles are huge and blood-pounding, the nude women are hot (and yes, that does make a difference), and there will always remain something primal in every man that courts to this type of bloodshed and mayhem. Women, you may like it too, with all of the leading Spartan men sporting abs of kryptonite.    Did I sell out my intelligence to brute destruction? Possibly, but I had a lot of fun doing it!
B00000IMTE|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />Sometimes after a rock and roll fan endures, a horrifying storm there can still be a Rainbow when the last drop falls from the sky.<br /><br />Ritchie Blackmore's departure from Deep Purple after the 1974 \\"Stormbringer\\" record was devastating to millions (To this day I wish it were a dream) but when he resurfaced with the debut Rainbow album \\"Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow\\" he afforded us thirty-seven minutes of a mystical journey that was brilliant from the first note to the last crackle on the LP.<br /><br />You heard the story of him joining forces with ex-Elf member Ronnie Dio, but what is often left out of the equation was Blackmore's ability to foresee Dio handling the challenging role of singing in a formulated (Mythical) project and not simply straight ahead rock and roll.<br /><br />The opening track many to this day consider Ritchie's premier post Purple tune \\"Man On The Silver Mountain.\\"  The riff became one of the most recognizable in the last thirty plus years.  The energy level is exhausting (I mean for the listener, never mind the band).  \\"Self Portrait\\" is an oxymoron.  It is haunting in its shear beauty.  \\"Draw me away to the night from the day\\" is a lyric of superlative intellect.  \\"Black Sheep Of The Family \\"is a fun tune and Dio delivers a different way of expressing a rockers success with the ladies- \\"You get a little black book and it grows and it grows.\\"  Up next, \\"Catch The Rainbow\\" is magnificent.  The words seem to freeze us in our tracks as we lean on every word.  \\"Snake Charmer\\" brings back the rock and roll and the band clicks on all cylinders.  \\"The Temple Of The King\\" is mesmerizing.  To fully digest the vocals \\"One day in the year of the fox\\" several plays are required.  To the critics that enjoyed panning Blackmore since 1968 you can tell them \\"If You Don't Like Rock & Roll It's Too Late Now.\\"  The sound of Blackmore's Stratocaster as the story unfolds during \\"Sixteenth Century Greensleeves\\" is a blowtorch.  It comes out of the speakers with such fury it decapitates all in its path.  To end the journey one of the finest rock and roll covers and as an instrumental!  Rainbow takes the Yardbirds gem \\"Still I'm Sad\\" and Blackmore cuts loose for some of the best four minutes the ears will ever encompass.<br /><br />The numerous haters of Blackmore have little to no knowledge of his musical history.  His solos and riffs aren't about how many notes per second he can achieve but the tasteful craftsmanship the guitar can bring to a song.  If they would listen, learn, and read on they would actually appreciate his superlative ability to often blend classical with rock and how deep the colors become.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"Don't Like Rock & Roll It's Too Late Now.\\"  The sound of Blackmore's Stratocaster as the story unfolds during \\"Sixteenth Century Greensleeves\\" is a blowtorch.  It comes out of the speakers with such fury it decapitates all in its path.  To end the journey one of the finest rock and roll covers and as an instrumental!  Rainbow takes the Yardbirds gem \\"Still I'm Sad\\" and Blackmore cuts loose for some of the best four minutes the ears will ever encompass.    The numerous haters of Blackmore have little to no knowledge of his musical history.  His solos and riffs aren't about how many notes per second he can achieve but the tasteful craftsmanship the guitar can bring to a song.  If they would listen, learn, and read on they would actually appreciate his superlative ability to often blend classical with rock and how deep the colors become.                                  Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B000H5U832|5.0|What can I say! I have 2 boys ages: 2yr and 4yrs and they are \\"CARS\\" Fanatics!! I think my oldest when we got this last year watched it like 3 times in a row!! and They still love it! I'm having to order another cuz the one we have is scratched and not playing well! Its good wholesome fun and I love the Characters and the little  funny catchy things they say like Sally saying they had a Lincoln  Continental Breakfast!!...
B00002MZ2C|5.0|\\"The Battle of Los Angeles\\" is a triumphant masterpiece.  I would easily put this album in my top 50 albums of all time.  Their self titled debut is great, but this is the album that truely defines all of their talents.  From start to finish each track is incredible.
B000J103PC|3.0|\\"The Devil Wears Prada\\" is a slight comedy set within the world of high fashion.<br /><br />Meryl Streep plays the head of a fashion magazine and Anne Hathaway her new assistant. How Meryl Streep managed to get a Best Actress nomination for a role in this film beggars belief. Anne Hathaway is quite cute but somebody with a bit more spunk could have made more out of it e.g. Kirsten Dunst.<br /><br />The undemanding, inoffensive plot and the casting of Hathaway would lead one to believe the filmmakers were trying to appeal to the \\"Princess Bride\\" audience of Hathaway rather than the \\"adult\\" audience of Streep.<br /><br />Yet more formula entertainment from the Hollywood production line.
0451169514|1.0|After about page 120 I realized the horror of what I was witnessing: a self-indulgent forray into countless trivial details that stole the power from what could have been a truly frightening story. Details exist simply because King could write them and not worry about their relevance because after all, he is the master, undisputed. There are millions of people who have read and loved King, people who will be yanked into any dead-end cesspool of trivia that King can muster, and it finally made me a little angry. Who cares about a guy that walks into a bar, orders a huge glass of whiskey, snorts lemon juice into both nostrils, and then downs the whole thing? Is that even believable? If it were, what purpose does it serve in the story? Or about a wife who can't find the black buttons? Nearly a page of paper was set aside for that little forray into meaninglessness. I have no patience for it, and I expected a little more from someone who could tell a streamlined, intense tale such as \\"The Raft\\", or \\"The Ledge\\"; whose prose hit a high mark with \\"Pet Sematary\\", which clocks in at 562 pages (and still could have done without dozens of pages of unimportant story filler). Was my taste in fiction really that bad back in middle school? Re-reading some of King's work from this period confirms that yes, perhaps I was. But then I remember abandoning King on more than one occasion for the superior Clive Barker. Now there's someone who can stick to the story, someone who writes beautifully and can conjure up horrific, powerful, brutal, and yes, relevant imagery. From now on, for every nostalgic impulse I have to pick up a King novel, I will instead resolve to read \\"The Books of Blood\\", \\"The Inhuman Condition\\", \\"The Damnation Game\\", or any one of Barker's other right-brain-heavy horror/fantasy feasts.
B000V4UFZK|5.0|This is a wonderful restoration.  Finally, this looks as it did during theatrical release.  Beautiful color, the grain has been toned down, great sound.  There is even more visual information in the frame when compared to the original 1999 dvd; up on top and on the left side.  Id recommend this if you want to have this film lookin as good as possible.  :)
B000002UY5|5.0|I am sad to say that I was there the night that Shannon was found, they were going to play at Tips that night!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I had rented the first disc of the series and was so enthralled I had to buy the full set.  The photography is gorgeous, the narration so appropriate, and the viewing experience one to be repeated over and over again with much enjoyment and awe.  Thanks for a wonderful look at our amazing planet.
B000PTYPAC|5.0|Riot! is good from start to finish--it's as simple as that.  Paramore does not sound like all the others that populate the genre of music that they get commonly put in to--they transcend the banal trappings of \\"Emo.\\"  They are able to set themselves apart because of the power of lead vocalist Hayley Williams. She is the ingredient that made me check them out and keep coming back. They deserve to be huge. Good music shouldn't be denied.
B000003CM8|5.0|What a revelation to hear this again, almost 40 years after the fact.  Possibly the finest debut album ever produced.  Although the various live releases from the Fillmore display the Allmans at their absolute best, this one rocks from start to finish.  About the only complaint is that Greg gets carried away at times with his howling.  The whole band is tight, but the most talented were the two who died young, Duane Allman and Berry Oakley.  This is a classic that will never sound outdated.
B00000I8NC|5.0|i'm a big godspeed fan, but Slow Riot really transcends their other work. it's just about their only work, save The Sad Mafioso (the first 12 minutes of East Hastings) that is really accessible to the average listener.. but it's so much more too.    i won't bother to try to dissect it, because i can't. i'll just tell you that BBF3 can bring me to tears on occasion, which absolutely no other music can even come close to doing.
B000065DWH|5.0|This is the first Randy Newman record I ever heard.  And that was in the 70's on vinyl.  I loved it then.  And I love it just as much now.  He's a wonderful songwriter, and he's a wonderful performer.  Intelligent, witty, wry, and enjoyable.  This is a recording to which everyone who is interested in Randy Newman should listen.  I am so glad to have it back in my collection.
0156027321|5.0|Yann Martel has written a book that will likely be read in many future English classes.  His book is thought provoking on multiple levels.  I probably will read it again in the future.  The book is symbolically rich which allows a broad audience to both enjoy and likely take different lessons from the book.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|Whether or not you like Michael Moore, this documentary will have you wondering exactly when, as Americans, we lost our humanity.  As allegedly the  richest country in the world, how is it that so many poorer countries are able to take much better care of their citizens?  If you are an illegal immigrant or a visiting tourist, you stand a much better chance of getting health care then if you are a poor working stiff who can't afford it.  If you are in jail for committing a crime you will receive health care, right down to an organ transplant if it's deemed necessary.  But as an average tax paying citizen, the government turns a blind eye and assumes that employers will take care of your health care which is happening less and less.  More and more companies are outsourcing labor and hiring people \\"part time\\" to avoid having to give these employees health care benefits.  Most minimum wage jobs do not provide health care benefits.  No parent should EVER have to decide between putting food on the table for their child or taking them to the doctor.  No person should EVER be turned away from receiving emergency treatment at a hospital because of an inability to pay.  Most of what I saw in this documentary wasn't new to me, i.e., the people who couldn't pay their hospital bills literally being tossed out into the street in a confused and disoriented state and still in a hospital gown.  I've seen that on the 6:00 PM news.  The people who were at ground zero saving so many lives who now can't get health care or treatment.  It's easy for Congress to deny medical coverage to all when THEY have it.  We may still be the richest country in the world, but this gem of a documentary will prove to you that we aren't \\"the greatest\\".  America rushes to the aid of foreign countries in the wake of natural disasters or other emergencies with checkbook in hand.  But when it comes to the day to day mundane of helping their own citizens, that's another story. Since that doesn't get worldwide press and admiration, the government doesn't deem it necessary.  Much of this film made me laugh.  A lot of it brought tears to my eyes.  Most of it made me angry.  I wish I could say some of it gave me hope.press and admiration, the government doesn't deem it necessary.  Much of this film made me laugh.  A lot of it brought tears to my eyes.  Most of it made me angry.  I wish I could say some of it gave me hope.
B000LW86GM|5.0|I could not wait to see High School Musical 2 since the beginning of June! And now that it finally came and went, I was a little disappointed. I mean, the songs & sounds are unbelieveably catchy, but the story just didn't work out.    Zac/Troy was the only one in the first movie, [[ASIN:B000I2J6SM High School Musical (Two-Disc Remix Edition)]] who was a \\"team player,\\" convincing everybody that you can do whatever you want, as long as you do it together. But he was the one who fell apart and lost everything when he wasn't a team player in this one. It just didn't make sense.      The songs were good, but the story didn't match up. However, this series is still one of my favorite movies! Must watch!
B000F8O35U|5.0|Walt Disney's classic under-the-sea coming-of-age film \\"The Little Mermaid\\" (loosely based on the fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen) gets the 2-Disc Special Platinum Edition DVD treatment.<br /><br />When I ordered this movie, I specifically ordered the 2-Disc edition, but I recieved the wrong one. I got stuck with the Region 3 DVD, which has only 1 disc and only several special features. As Sebastian would say,<br />\\"Jumping jellyfish.\\" I was very disappointed.<br /><br />On to the movie itself, however. The film is a classic, with songs by the Academy-Award winning team Alan Menken and Howard Ashman (who would go on to score \\"Beauty And The Beast,\\" my all-time favourite movie) and wonderful characters (Ariel, Flounder, Sebastian and Scuttle, among others), the movie is a timeless classic your little girl will treasure forever. Rated G.
B000RJO578|4.0|\\"Hot Fuzz\\" is a parody of hot shot cop movies about a police officer who is sadly ignorant of cop movies. Nicholas Angel (Simon Pegg) is an overachieving London policeman with an arrest record 400% better than anyone else. He makes everyone else look bad, so he's promoted to Sergeant and shipped off to the town of Sandford, repeat recipient of the Village of the Year award. Under the laid back command of Inspector Frank Butterman (Jim Broadbent), Nicholas' unrelenting \\"procedural correctness in the execution of unquestionable moral authority\\" ruffles some rural feathers. When a series of gruesome deaths disturb Sandford's idyll, the consensus opinion is that they are accidents. With his affable and eager partner Danny (Nick Frost) in tow, Nicholas sets out to prove otherwise.<br /><br />Writer/director Edgar Wright and writer/star Simon Pegg leave no cop movie clich&eacute; unspoofed. \\"Hot Fuzz\\" succeeds because there is a real mystery, and Nicholas is a real character whose perspective is at odds with his new surroundings. Everyone thinks Nicholas' compulsive law-enforcing is irrelevant in a village with such a low crime rate -and a bizarrely high accident rate. Nicholas is out to prove that his values are correct and necessary. Beyond that, \\"Hot Fuzz\\" is funny most of the time and smart much of the time. It's made for multiple viewings, as you won't catch all the references and jokes the first time. I think it runs 15 minutes too long, but \\"Hot Fuzz\\" is top notch parody - not of the police, but of fastidious, busybody citizenry and, above all, of other cop movies.<br /><br />The DVD (Universal 2007): Lots of bonus features. You can choose to view the film with a Storyboard option or a \\"Fuzz-O-Meter\\" (trivia track) option. In \\"Storyboard\\", a gray police badge appears in the upper right during some scenes. When it does, press \\"enter\\" on your remote to see the storyboards for that scene. The \\"Fuzz-O-Meter\\" displays facts about the movie and explains references in a subtitle below the film (in the black band). There is also a conversational but informative audio commentary by Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright. The commentary is constant and discusses actors, the references, directorial decisions, and various recollections of filming.<br /><br />Other bonus features are: \\"The Man Who Would Be Fuzz\\", which is a 30 second snippet that looks like an outtake. There are \\"Outtakes\\" (10 min). 22 Deleted Scenes with optional commentary.  2 trailers. 2 television spots. \\"Danny's Notebook\\" (15 sec) which is a flip book not shown in the movie. \\"The Fuzzball Rally: US Tour Piece\\" (28 min) is voluminous behind-the-scenes footage of Wright, Pegg, and Frost on the film's US tour. \\"Hot Funk\\" (4 min) are some scenes with the dirty words replaced, allegedly for television viewing. Subtitles are available for the film in English SDH, Spanish, and French. Dubbing available in Spanish and French.lm (in the black band). There is also a conversational but informative audio commentary by Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright. The commentary is constant and discusses actors, the references, directorial decisions, and various recollections of filming.    Other bonus features are: \\"The Man Who Would Be Fuzz\\", which is a 30 second snippet that looks like an outtake. There are \\"Outtakes\\" (10 min). 22 Deleted Scenes with optional commentary.  2 trailers. 2 television spots. \\"Danny's Notebook\\" (15 sec) which is a flip book not shown in the movie. \\"The Fuzzball Rally: US Tour Piece\\" (28 min) is voluminous behind-the-scenes footage of Wright, Pegg, and Frost on the film's US tour. \\"Hot Funk\\" (4 min) are some scenes with the dirty words replaced, allegedly for television viewing. Subtitles are available for the film in English SDH, Spanish, and French. Dubbing available in Spanish and French.
0743270754|5.0|This was an outstanding study on Lincoln!  He was a political genius and the man that the Lord had placed for leadership at the most critical juncture in American history.  The book was very detailed yet kept moving at a very good pace.  This work helped me get into Lincoln's head and appreciate him all the more.  Lincoln surrounded himself with people.  He was the model of outstanding human relations skills.  And all these came out of his personal crucible that was littered with experiences of depression, policial defeat, and poverty.  Abraham Lincoln is a sterling example of overcoming the most difficult life experiences and using those lessons to the benefit of his neighbors and his country.
1582701709|5.0|Another motivating book for women only which I love and highly recommend - [[ASIN:1432703927 How to be a Super Hot Woman: 339 Tips to Make Every Man Fall in Love with You and Every Woman Envy You]]
B000M53GQS|5.0|Gerry's best works available in one package!  The original Night Owl cd goes for over $35 so this is a great deal.  Many of his standard favorites.
B00006ADD5|5.0|So much happens and so much of what happens to him explains the beginning.  Very exciting, breathtaking cinematography, music fitting for this epic film
B000GD07RW|5.0|Raw and dirty, crunching riffs and feedback, Aussie pub rock doesn't get much better than this. Let There Be Rock is one of Australia's greatest rock albums.
0767817478|1.0|All I have to say is...PHEW!!!<br /><br />  Robert T.
038073186X|2.0|Lehane's detective novels are the very best in the genre among current writers.  But this book is too gimmicky.  You will be disappointed by the ending if you don't see it coming.  You will be disappointed by the ending if you do see it coming.<br /><br />But if you must read this book, read it BEFORE you read his excellent detective novels.  I read those first, and this book has left a bad taste in my mouth for several years.  That taste can only be washed out by another Gennaro / Kenzie novel.  Well, Lehane, I'm waiting.
B00005V9IK|2.0|It is amazing that George Pal's War of the Worlds still is one the best alien invasion movies ever. ID has little of the drama, dread or cool war machines that WOTW had. ID is little more than a poorly written (the bad humor that was present in Godzilla is also present here) SFX fest where it ends with little if any afterthought of \\"hey what a great ending\\" or \\"thank goodness they upped the ante in the effects and pacing because that really worked.\\" Unfortunately it didn't work. The solution of how the aliens were defeated was especially disappointing. The solution in Hollywood nowadays is to \\"up the ante\\" within the movie itself AND from movie to movie. The results are more and more effects just for the effects sake. Many scenes go on too long (a la Peter Jackson's King Kong) and the story suffers. History now shows us that Devlin and Emmerich were a lousy script writing team. Enough with the excuses of \\"what do you expect from a popcorn film?\\" A lot of the best Sci fi were also popcorn films too. WOTW. When worlds collide. Day the Earth stood still. Time Machine. Planet of the apes. Soylent green. Forbidden planet. Alien. Star Wars trilogy. (not the lousy \\"prequel though\\"). This movie is a \\"bad in a bad way\\" popcorn movie. I walked away forgetting most of it right away. A good popcorn film always stays in my memory. I guess if you want to spend your time and money on something goofy that just because it has spaceships in it then it must be sci fi then go ahead.<br /><br />  Robert T.
B000002KKS|5.0|People might say this is sacrilege, but as Black Sabbath's vocalist, I prefer Ronnie James Dio over Ozzy Osbourne.  This album is Exhibit 1.<br /><br />Heaven & Hell represented a musical departure for Black Sabbath when it was originally released.  Their last couple of albums with Ozzy seemed forced and exhibited a serious lack of focus.  With Dio on board, Sabbath was not only able to regain their focus, they put out what is arguably the best album of their career.<br /><br />All of the songs on Side 1 (I still have and listen to this on vinyl, the CD was for the car) are classics.  \\"Neon Knights\\" announces the arrival of Dio in a profound way.  \\"Lady Evil\\" features some of Geezer Butler's best bass work, and \\"Heaven and Hell\\" is easily one of the top ten heavy metal songs of all time.
B00003CX9E|5.0|Don't worry. I'm not going to tell you who, where, when, or what Rosebud is. And, actually, you have to watch the entire film to understand why Charles Kane's last word was Rosebud. This film takes a while to get into but by the end you know it was worth watching.     I still struggle with the meaning of the movie. But here's my guess (it could be wrong or maybe there are several answers):    It tells the story of someone who as a child had fortune thrust upon him and as a man tried to use it to do perhaps the one thing it could never do: buy people's love. Initially we think his enormous wealth is a blessing but by the end we know that it is a curse (and he knows it as well). And so who, where, when or what Rosebud turns out to be makes as much sense as anything else in this crazy world. And I thought it was very touching.    But sorry, I lied: I'll save you 20 dollars right now by telling you that Rosebud is..........just buy the movie before someone else spoils it for you.
B000P2A256|2.0|Blake from American Idol got me interested in Maroon 5.  I've heard some of their other songs and they were really good.  Even the radio airplay of the first track on It Won't Be Soon Before Long (titled \\"Makes Me Wonder\\") is good.  So when I bought the CD, I was a little distressed to hear lyrics such as \\"It really makes me wonder if I ever gave a f*** about you\\", and G**d*** my spinning head...\\".  The rest of the album is clean, and its a shame that the radio airplay version of \\"Makes Me Wonder\\" is not on this album.  So, that ruined the whole album for me, and rarely listen to it now.
B00011RPB0|5.0|This movie I watched, when no one was at home. It is a piece of art. The purity and open-honestness of Bob's & Charlottes (characters) relationship in the movie is striking, it is deep, without the complications of sex, its even more, they are there for one another when they need someone most. If you've ever just wanted a soul to listen to you and be there and hold you without sex, this movie is it. It makes you appreciate deepest friendships, and like any great movie, the ending makes the movie all worth it.
B000OPOANE|5.0|As a Rush fan from the 70's, I know what I am talking about!!!! Yes, many of the CD's they put out were crap (mid-80's to present, save for Grace Under Pressure and Counterparts) which is why I listened to other stuff. But Snakes and Arrows really hit me pretty hard after about the 3rd time through. I always start with track 1 and let 'er run all the way when I want the whole story. From stem to stern this CD is pretty neat. I also saw 'em live at Darien Lake here in NY state on July 4th and was completely drained after their 3 hour foray into the past and present.  I have read all the bad reviews and I think my opinion squares with the good ones. Many good songs if you don't OVERTHINK what you are listening to. The Larger Bowl is a song that hit me broadside and I'm still 'reeling'. Just a cool song. Of course, Rush manages to crank out another decent instrumental in The Main Monkey Business, a sure fire piece that will find its way to ESPN sooner or later. The seminal song in my opinion is The Way the Wind Blows with its bluesy beginning that transitions to classic Rush/edgy production tinged with lyrics that reference the struggle we face with forces Eastward. Workin' Them Angels is another song that bears consideration as a fine effort by the boys from YYZ and if nothing else Malignant Narcissism will have the neighbors wondering if you've lost your damn mind. Don't base your judgment on just 1 listen!!!!!
0800141660|5.0|Sense and Sensibility is a relatively faithful adaptation of the Jane Austen novel.  Adapting novels to the big screen is always tricky but Emma Thompson did an excellent job of fitting the essentials into this film's 136 minutes.      The basic plot involves two sisters who have been more or less cheated out of an inheritance and are struggling to find husbands and happiness. Elinor is the oldest and is very intelligent and wise (Sense) and her sister Marianne is all raw emotion and passion (Sensibility).  They struggle to understand each other even as they slowly grow more alike... meeting not quite in the middle but closer than they were.  I won't give the ending or any major plot points away but the story does move along well and has a fairly satisfying ending.     The casting is largely excellent.  Emma Thompson is too old to play Elinor but at least she plays her well.  Hugh Grant, Alan Rickman, Kate Winslet, and the entire cast all perform at a very high level.  I'm no fan of director Ang Lee, but he does a top notch job here of getting the best out of his actors and the screenplay and he succeeded in making a fine film.  Whether you've ever read the book or not, this is a movie well worth watching.
B000K7VHQ4|4.0|I didn't know quite what to expect from this film..frankly, im not a huge fan of Norton and Jessica Beil is no Meryle Streep, but I was pleasantly surprised with this movie, the pace is good, and Norton is very good, as is Giamatti, whom I always like.  Rufus Sewell is very good as usual playing the villian, he has this flinty quality that really works well in this film.  The twist is very good and i really didnt see it coming.  Highly recomended..though i must advise you to watch the Prestige after this movie..when you see them you will understand why..hint:..The Prestige is much better movie.
B00000DR5I|5.0|Following the success of their 1974 breakthrough \\"Phaedra\\", the classic Tangerine Dream line-up of Edgar Froese, Chris Franke and Peter Baumann delivered another pioneering opus entitled \\"Rubycon\\". Like \\"Phaedra\\", \\"Rubycon\\" showed Tangerine Dream on the cutting edge with what was then the latest technology and the end results are still awe-striking over 30 years later.<br />\\"Rubycon\\" is an album length piece divided into two 17-minute+ parts. The first part opens with some unsettling otherworldly sounds before merging into a beautiful landscape of sound. It's not too difficult to imagine peaceful images of ocean waves crashing with seagulls flying in the distance during this opening section. This is soon swept away by more dissonant sounds before leading into a trademark minor-key sequencer bassline in which the band improvises over. This is definitely a defining slice of classic TD.<br />Part two begins with an extreme left-field sound collage with haunting mellotron choirs and siren-like synth noises. At around the five-minute mark, we are back into the familar classic TD territory with a shifting pulsating sequencer rhythm and solid group improvisation. Edgar Froese also provides some stellar processed guitar work as well. Finally, the closing six minutes provide another classic TD trademark - a dark unsettling rhythmless ambient soundscape with Froese's mellotron flute up-front-and-center.<br />Even after its release in early 1975, \\"Rubycon\\" still sounds as fresh and vibrant as it did back in the day. Today, it is regarded as an all-time classic of electronic music and rightfully so too. This was definitely a solid follow-up to \\"Phaedra\\" and paved the way for things to come not only for Tangerine Dream but for electronic music in general.<br />A Definite Must-Have!!!
B000LC55F2|5.0|Wow, I was blown away by this movie.  It was all it was billed to be and more.  Jackman and Bale are great, they have amazing chemistry, you can feel the loathing and admiration between the two of them, the hate each other, yet are drawn together by their love of magic and one uping and humilating the other.  This movie is good from start to finish and the twist at the end is fantastic, im not sure the best man won, but you can judge for yourself.  Highly recommended: great movie.
B0002KVULG|4.0|This 1979 version of Dracula is much less well known than the 1931 Lugosi version or the Hammer version with Christopher Lee. I expected an average or even below-average Dracula movie, and was very pleasantly surprised by this very ambitious movie. The director has created a great, creepy atmosphere and Frank Langella does a very good Dracula. As much as I love Bela Lugosi, with his accent and intensity, Langella has an erotic quality that even Lugosi can't match. An he is helped by a good supporting cast. Surprisingly, the least convincing performance is that of Laurence Olivier as Professor Van Helsing.     Horror movie fans should definately not miss this very good Dracula movie.
0345494997|5.0|I started this book last night and less than 24 hours I am done.  I was mesmerized by the story of Mamah and loved the dignity with which this woman was portrayed, while showing all the tribulations she had to go through.  Not knowing anything about the personal life of FLWright, I had not expectations in this book and thoroughly enjoyed it!   Being a fan of Else Lasker-Schler, her appearance in the book, whether fictional or historical, was a lovely little gem to stumble upon.
0765348780|3.0|Some people in the reviews seem to be able to get this book effortlessly but i keep asking myself \\"Huh?\\" throughout the entire book.   Yeah I undertstand the main plot but none of the characters interest me enoguh to make me remeber who or what they are.  I kept wondering if this was the first book in the series because erikson, imo, doesnt explain his world good enough in a debut novel to the reader.  I kept wondeirng if i was missing information trhoughout the book... i dont know if ill read the next book or try to look for another book
0061139378|5.0|This book was really creepy!  I am an adult and I was scared.  It is a great first horror book for your kids too, but don't be surprised if they want to sleep in bed with you for a couple of nights.  Don't let this through you though.  I highly recommend this book to everyone.  Neil Gaiman is the greatest storyteller of our time, both for adults and children.
B00005JPQR|4.0|While it certainly is important that the characters be believable in this kind of film (and they all are quite believable), the star of this film is the incomparable Paul Greengrass who directs this as he did the last and each of his films with a pace and presence that ratchets upwards your gut reaction to the story.  The story itself is the same story as each of the other two: Bourne is pissed about being used and either he's after the CIA or they are after him. There is some discussion now of an Oedipal subtext to the overall story, and while there is a passing resemblance to that tragedy, it is not anywhere nearly so definite as it was in the last Bond film. Dench and Joan Allen represent Oedipal type mothers, but there was an almost Medea like quality to Dench that took the chemistry between her and Craig someplace else altogether. That isn't quite the story here, but even were it so, all of that becomes subsumed to the way Greengrass tells the story. This is a thrilling ride that never lets up, and as such, when there are moments of pause, such as those between Stiles and Damon in Morrocco, it is clear that they have nothing to really say. These are characters driven by action - they seem to have warped the Cartesian motif into I act, therefore I am, and more I am only when I act.  You may remember the German film with Famke Jansen, RUN LOLA RUN. Bourne is an American version of that. Greengrass makes the run transcendent. It's a great film for the summer, now I'm off to Jackie Chan....
1591841666|2.0|You get more from Seth Godin's Blog. Why publish a book if so little actionable ideas shared from such a shallow book. Seth said in a BusinessWeek Online interview that his Dip book has so few pages because readers can always go online to his Blog if they want more information. What a logic? From a \\"Guru\\"? So why bother to buy this book if the author said that the Blog has more useful info, and the book is simply a \\"lead in\\" (or self-promotional tool) for the author.    I read this book, and put it down within half an hour. I can always go to the library (or Seth's Blog as suggested by the author himself). I decided to leave the bookstore empty-handed.
B000QUCNOK|2.0|I have high expectation about this movie. However I felt so sick in my stomach half way through that I couldn't finish this movie. The movie itself is not overly bloody or anything. The imagination the movie created is just too disturbing.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is a fabulous series!  I can not understand why it was cancelled.  Joss Whedon is a genius. It may have just been misunderstood when it was originally broadcast. If allowed to continue, there probably would have been more character development.  This was an orginal, interesting, intelligent series.  Something we are not likely to see on mainstream TV this fall.
B0006A9FKA|1.0|I love British humor but this sucked. I cannot understand why people loved it so much...Let's face it, if these actors had American accents it would be a complete flop...Also, I believe a lot of people are saying they like it to fit in.
B000KQGX1Y|5.0|I received the item ahead of its scheuled arrival date and the item was just as it was described.  Wonderful service!
B000006UD8|5.0|Yes Folks. I decided to finally quit this crazy beach scene. I had to. Just when I was going to rent my Sand Castle out to the end of the season crowd, those crazy mimes had a party. They were signaling to a boat of mimes offshore with a flaregun when my castle got hit by accident. The rest is left up to the insurance evaluators. I think the wand that broke the Metamorpho's hat was watching them trying to put out the fire with pretend water. I just had to walk away. I couldn't bear it anymore. My advice? Never have neighbors that look like they work in a flour factory.<br />Keep in mind that there is no logic or well thought out plan as to what I review.  It is all on a sub-concious plain- which- I, good viewer- have been fortunate to tap into with my Seer power. (Or so I've convinced myself to believe). In any event, this 2 C.D. set of Deep Purple's \\"Machine Head\\" (along with remixes) will delight, excite, and ignite the rock lover in all of us. I do firmly believe it is a pinnacle in their career and definitely holds it's own against all other rock classics. Why is this so? I suppose the secret lies in the blend- the mix of these incredible musicians. It's in the balance and awareness. So many fine grooves - so many fine passages. And it's instinct. Listen, if you will, how each musician intrinsically knows what part to play to make the total effect sound better.<br />In total- we have 2 c.d.s here. One includes the original album with the inclusion of a b side \\"When a Blind Man Cries\\" along with quad mixes of \\"Maybe I'm a Leo\\" and \\"Lazy\\". The other is a remix of the sessions and displays heretofore unknown extra sounds, intros, studio noise and a completely different lead on \\"Smoke On the Water\\". And one must wonder about how our minds work in this context. If the unknown lead had been the one released and the known lead brought to light- would we still prefer the unknown lead to the known one we have today? These zen-like puzzles always haunt your devoted Metamorpho. Needless to say - I think the one they originally released was the right choice.<br />As with anything, I have taken the time to listen to this extensively and marvel at the contribution each of these men make to this album. They are just too good. Gillian's vocals (his instrument) never more hard driven than here. Blackmore's riffs never harder and more succinct. Lord's piano and organ never more hard-edged yet eloquent. Glover's bass floating in and around the mix. But, as excellent as all these musicians are, I am in total awe of Ian Paice's drumming. Was never really aware before on how he pushed the envelope in so many places. Listen closely. When there is a chance to give the music that extra kick, as in \\"Highway Star\\" he does well more than keep the beat folks. No. This is considerable fill and runs that propel the music forward. Driven. Raw. Incredible. And, please don't even talk to me about the power of \\"Space Truckin'\\". Amazing. Listen LOUD and get immersed in this. Yes. You will be lifted off the earth.<br />And the songs- ah the songs. Songs of sexual love (\\"Highway Star\\") with a woman personified as an automobile! Desolation (\\"Pictures of Home\\"), abandonment (\\"Never Before\\") and disaster (\\"Smoke On the Water\\")- just to name a few. But the calling card of this album, I feel, is the pulsating change and groove that each song brings to the whole. A majestic mixture of feel, attitude and stance that make up this unique rock journey. Some people may think that \\"When a Blind Man Cries\\" seems out of place here. But, no. It is a Purple-Blue ballad that brings everything to calm. So very well done.<br />If you like creative, innovative rock music done by accomplished musicians and if you really like it loud - then this classic is for you. The bonus of the remixes only makes it a richer experience. One of the very best- if not the best- by Deep Purple.<br />Now you must excuse me. I am trying to serve the mimes with court papers. Seems they left the beachand no one knows where they are. The shore was a pretend address. Wouldn't you know?<br />Written with flare by---your Metamorphothey are. The shore was a pretend address. Wouldn't you know?  Written with flare by---your Metamorpho
B000006OAM|3.0|Except Kind and generous, the other songs are very slow and boring.   This would make good music to play in a doctors office.   Interesting how there are tons of copies for sale for next to nothing, yet everyone loves this one so much. I almost wonder if people give it excellent reviews hoping to seel their own copy/
0141439661|2.0|i know that i am going to mangle this quote, but mark twain once said something to the effect that \\"a library without any books in it would still be a pretty good library, seeing as it lacked any works by jane austin.\\" well, right on mr twain. i read \\"sense and sensiblity\\" a few years back and am still trying to recover from the near coma of boredom that it put me in. really awful and dreary stuff. i mean it. now, to be of further help, let me give you directions to the unhelpful voting button. it can be found directly below this review, over to far right hand side. it's the button with the word \\"no\\" on it.
B00005V9HH|5.0|\\"The Usual Suspects\\" twists, turns, charms, and delivers a wallop of a twist, making this thriller one of the more memorable films of the 1990s.  Kevin Spacey plays the club-footed, meek con man Verbal who is under intense interrogation by the police for his role in an armed robbery.  As he cracks and begins to reveal the intricacies of what happened, the viewer plunges into the story along with Verbal's interrogators.  What seemed simple to the police is at first is anything but, especially when the mysterious and dangerous Keyser Soze becomes involved.<br /><br />This stylish, postmodern film is driven by two conflicts:  the complex crime devised by the band of \\"usual suspects ((Stephen Baldwin, Benicio del Toro, Kevin Pollack, Gabriel Byne, and Spacey) and the central mystery: Who is Keyser Soze, and why does everyone fear him?  The acting is superb, with Spacey and Byrne turning in especially fine performances.  Its haunting soundtrack evokes a cinematic atmosphere so particular to the film that even a few bars of it can evoke the entire movie.<br /><br />The DVD is well worth purchasing, as it is the kind of film that one can watch over and over, even after learning of the twist.  The enjoyment of knowing the end does not diminish the whole, as subsequent viewings reveal intriguing subtleties and details that were likely to have been missed the first, or even the second, time around.  Highly recommended.<br /><br />-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
B000000Y2R|4.0|look at the line-up on this live recording from toronto, canada, circa the year 1953 AD. it's enough to make a jazz fans eyes bug out. charlie parker on sax, dizzy gillespie on trumpet, bud powell on piano, charles mingus on bass, and max roach on drums. holy cow! how could this not be the greatest jazz album of all-time? but amazingly, it manages not to be. go figure. anyway, if it's not the greatest jazz album of all-time, it's still fantastic; and it should be mandatory for any jazz lover to keep a copy laying around whatever one calls home. one further thing, then i'll let you get on with your life: most people seem to prefer the newer release of this concert, where the charles mingus bass work is not overdubbed, like it is on the original release. well, call me knucklehead johnson, but i actually prefer the original overdubbed release. i know, i know, i know: i'm a fool. but that's my preference, and i think that i'm entitled to one (so please don't go flying off to the unhelpful button!). if you like the undubbed version better, then i say \\"God love you. Differences of opinion sure make life interesting, don't they? anyway, you can't go wrong in purchasing this recording (whatever version of it you may choose).
B000M3452Y|4.0|Let me state upfront that I have not heard any of LCD Soundsystem's other recordings. This album was recommended to me by a friend whose musical tastes I trust, and boy I was not disappointed!<br /><br />\\"Sound of Silver\\" (9 tracks, 56 min.) starts off with a blast, and the best track on the album: a 7+ min. \\"Get Innocuous!\\", with a strong undertone of Kraftwerk's \\"We Are the Robots\\". The other essential track is the title track, \\"Sound of Silver\\", another epic dance track that will bring even the biggest wallflower onto the dancefloor. The rest of the album is primarily filled with less ambitious songs, humor never far away, mostly fun and irreverent. My favorites are \\"Time To Get Away\\", \\"Us V. Them\\" (not to be confused with Pink Floyd's \\"Us and Them\\"), and the closer \\"New York, I Love You But You're Bringing Me Down\\", a 'ballad' no less, and the band's ode of sorts to the city that never sleeps.<br /><br />Even though this album runs close to an hour in only 9 songs, it's amazing how quickly it all flashes by. I have been playing this album non-stop in the last couple of weeks. I was at Coachella earlier this year, where LCD Soundsystem headlined one of the tents, but regretfully I missed them. I can assure you that I will not let that happen again! \\"Sound of Silver\\" is one of the year's big surprises for me.
B000EGDAI4|5.0|i have heard strange tales of people who go from birth to the grave without ever possessing a copy of this great jazz album. call that a life? i think not.
B0006Z2KX4|5.0|Classic screwball comedy about how opposites attract. Grant is a buttoned-down paleontologist trying to put together a brontosaurus skeleton and raise money for the museum; he's engaged to his museum assistant, who refuses a honeymoon because she believes work comes first. At the golf course with a prospective donor, he runs into the crazy Hepburn character who turns his life upside down and takes him on a variety of absurd adventures. The \\"baby\\" of the title is a tame leopard who contributes to the hi-jinks. Classic witty and fast-paced Hawks dialogue.
B000000YG5|5.0|i have heard strange tales of people who go from birth to the grave without ever possessing a copy of this great jazz album. call that a life? i think not.
B00005JPUL|5.0|After the show, we walked through the underground subways of Market Street here in San Francisco, electronic doors opening before us as we passed, and I said to my wife, \\"Show no emotion, not even a quiver.\\"  The faces of passersby looked grim, agonized, emotional.  I was afraid for them, they'd be picked up next.  My wife said, \\"OK then, even though the movie was sort of a mess it still unsettles you.\\"  And it's true.  The fourth version of Jack Finney's 50s sci-fi masterpiece is a little incoherent, but despite the reputed four directors it works on a basic level, it scares the dickens out of you!  Nicole Kidman plays a psychiatrist, Carol Bennell, in modernday Washington DC (attractive use of the city); a divorcee, Carol shares custody of her young son Oliver with her former husband, some kind of government bureaucrat in charge of health issues.  Tucker Kaufman, the husband, is played by Jeremy Northam and at first he doesn't seem like such a bad guy.  When the space shuttle \\"Patriot\\" returns from its mission in outer space and explodes in a two hundred mile wide corridor from Dallas to DC, the wreckage is isolated, and a random sample seems to show spores attached to it, spores that have somehow survived the intense cold of space and also the phenomenal heat of re-entry.  Once Tucker is accidentally handed a piece of spore-laden metal, you know things aren't going to go well for his dog, his ex-wife, nor his little boy, but that's why we paid the ten dollars after all!<br /><br />German director Oliver Hirschbiegel is said to have been responsible for the quieter, more claustrophobic scenes in which, one by one, all of Carol's patients, friends and neighbors get \\"changed\\" somehow.  When she googles the phrase \\"my husband is not my husband,\\" hundreds of thousands of hits blink back at her.  In no time at all she \\"gets it,\\" aided by Hirschbiegel's nifty casting of Veronica Cartwright, from the Phil Kaufman version of BODY SNATCHERS, as the most over the top of Carol's patients, one afraid of her husband's volatile ways who gets even more afraid when he becomes \\"snatched.\\"<br /><br />The biggest change I could see was that--no pods are involved in this alien invasion--and also that some people might be immune to being invaded and thus more of a target than ever to the alien mass consciousness that seeks to find a new home on earth.  Both these changes made the story seem fresh and frisky, though actually I've liked all of the versions so far, even the one with Meg Tilly by Abel Ferrara from the 1990s.<br /><br />Of course since the 1950s the back story has always seemed timely, and relevant to each era, and here you couldn't help but think of Nicole Kidman at the mercy of the Scientologists and her battle with her former husband, and how he Tom Cruise must be furious at her playing a psychiatrist in the first place, especially one quick to dispense Adderall and other psychoactive drugs at apparently a moment's notice.  A deliberate provocation on Nic's part?  Who knows what goes on in the mind of the great stars?  She and Daniel Craig share a nice chemistry that makes me look forward to their work together in THE GOLDEN COMPASS later this year; and in fact Daniel Craig works well together with Jeffrey Wright, don't you think?  They were good as Bond and Felix Leiter in CASINO ROYALE, and here they are back again as scientist pals.<br /><br />All in all not a perfect movie but far better than its muddled reputation would have you think.  The theater we watched it in was filled with the sound of screams, the sound of hundreds of people having a good old time!ients, one afraid of her husband's volatile ways who gets even more afraid when he becomes \\"snatched.\\"    The biggest change I could see was that--no pods are involved in this alien invasion--and also that some people might be immune to being invaded and thus more of a target than ever to the alien mass consciousness that seeks to find a new home on earth.  Both these changes made the story seem fresh and frisky, though actually I've liked all of the versions so far, even the one with Meg Tilly by Abel Ferrara from the 1990s.    Of course since the 1950s the back story has always seemed timely, and relevant to each era, and here you couldn't help but think of Nicole Kidman at the mercy of the Scientologists and her battle with her former husband, and how he Tom Cruise must be furious at her playing a psychiatrist in the first place, especially one quick to dispense Adderall and other psychoactive drugs at apparently a moment's notice.  A deliberate provocation on Nic's part?  Who knows what goes on in the mind of the great stars?  She and Daniel Craig share a nice chemistry that makes me look forward to their work together in THE GOLDEN COMPASS later this year; and in fact Daniel Craig works well together with Jeffrey Wright, don't you think?  They were good as Bond and Felix Leiter in CASINO ROYALE, and here they are back again as scientist pals.    All in all not a perfect movie but far better than its muddled reputation would have you think.  The theater we watched it in was filled with the sound of screams, the sound of hundreds of people having a good old time!
1416523359|5.0|While reading this story, I found myself afraid to turn out the lights some nights.  Other nights, I was all choked up and wiping away tears.  This is an excellent book-- King's writing style in this one is endearing.  It takes awhile to understand what is happening, but that just makes it more satisfying when you're finally in on all the secrets.  EXCELLENT READ.
B0000025DT|5.0|Geez, has it been that long already?  Every once in awhile, after I've listened to one of my favorite CDs, I'll think \\"is this really good, or is it just me?\\"  Then I'll log into Amazon to see what other people say, just out of curiosity.  \\"A New World Record\\" is one of my all-time faves, of any band.  My sister had it on vinyl back when it came out, and as soon as I found it on CD I bought it.  I dug it out of my collection yesterday and have listened to it 3x in the last 24 hours ... it's STILL that good.  You can read all the details on the other reviews, but if you don't have this one, please get it -- you'll love it.
B000QXDEDG|4.0|I really liked this movie.  It reminded me a lot of Lord of the Rings with all the creatures in battle.  It also had a little of the Gladiator and Braveheart features.  I did not think the movie was bloody. Most of the blood was in black and white or sepia so you really didn't get grossed out.  I am a female that loves warrier movies about the outnumbered winning in battle.  Hollywood used special effects and that is fine with me.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Armageddon is a movie about humanity's endless courage and resourcefulness; about our struggle and triumph over the cruel forces of nature that would exterminate us. Pity those who can't enjoy an epic sci-fi action movie with a great story. What could possibly be more exciting than a story about saving the world? Not all movies need deep and meaningful messages, not all movies need highly unexpected plot twists and certainly not all movies need to be 100% scientifically plausible. This movie is just plain FUN and that's all it needs. Michael Bay's movies often have a lot of explosions, destruction and devastation. Don't blame the director if you don't like that sort of genre. It's just the way his movies are and it's why me and my friends love them.    Armageddon, unlike its twin Deep Impact, cuts to the good part at the very beginning. A meteor shower devastates New York City in a spectacular fashion. Some of the meteors even punched a few holes in the World Trade Center although I guess no one thought it was a big deal at the time. It then turns out that the meteors were preceding a much bigger asteroid that will wipe out all life on Earth within 18 days unless a nuclear bomb can be detonated inside the asteroid to blow it apart. Bruce Willis plays Harry Stamper, the leader of the drilling team that's been hired to save the world. There are plenty of colorful characters on the team and the level of comic relief is strong enough to give this movie a warm atmosphere. Particularly funny is Peter Stormare's performance as a half-crazy Russian cosmonaut. That's not to say there are no sad moments since not everyone survives the mission. In addition to the main plot of going into space and blowing up the rock, there's also a love story between Harry's daughter Grace and Ben Affleck's character that Harry doesn't approve of. It is rather predictable, but then again, what love story isn't? There are quite a few `ticking-time-bomb' moments throughout the film, which make good thrills considering that the world is at stake.    Many have complained that Armageddon has many mistakes and scientific inaccuracies but that's really unavoidable considering the movie's far-fetched scenario. If you're not an astrophysicist then these things shouldn't bother you too much. Armageddon has a lot of special effects which is a good thing for a space movie. The Space Shuttles' flight through the meteor field is incredible. The scenery on the asteroid is very beautiful and the jagged cliffs and canyons create a stunning otherworldly environment.    I strongly recommend this movie.
B00000DFSK|1.0|U2 is one of the very worst bands of all time along with the Doors, Queen, Rolling Stones and Black Sabbath. All their albums and songs are pure rubbish!! Bono has got to be some of the worst singers ever!! Don't buy this CD as you will be wasting your money. U2 SHOULD BE DISHONORED FOR MAKING SUCH AWFUL MUSIC.
B000066C1N|4.0|I've never seen the movie, actually. I bought this CD for the song \\"Here I Am,\\" which I happened to hear and fall in love with, and I was not disappointed by the other songs when I got the CD. I can listen to this CD from start to finish and enjoy most of the songs.
B000089RV6|1.0|I detest this album! It really is an overrated album and Brian Johnson is the worst singer of all time who only screams, why can't he sing? is he on drugs???? I wish he would die right now. Who buys this crap??? Avoid!! Get the Black Album from Metallica insted.
B0000027RL|5.0|Pearl Jam's best ever album/CD, I still like PJ's music, but it's all sounding the same now....Jim
B00005QDW5|5.0|PINK FLOYD WERE A HUGELY TALLENTED BAND FROM THE UK AND THEY HAVE MADE SEVERAL GREAT ALBUMS AND SONGS. DAVID GILMOUR IS AN AWESOME GUITAR PLAYER AND HE AND ROGER WATERS HAVE A GOOD VOICE. THIS IS AN AWESOME COLLECTION OF PINK FLOYD SONGS AND HAS ANOTHER BRICK IN THE WALL PT 2, MONEY, SORROW, LEARNING TO FLY, AND WISH YOU WERE HERE. IF YOU DONT HAVE A FLOYD DISC THEN WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR??? GET THIS TODAY.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|Michael C Hall, hot off the HBO series Six Feet Under, plays the title character Dexter Morgan in this series from Showrime Entertainment. A crime scene investigator from Miami who is an expert on blood. He also likes to seeking revenge on those criminals who escape the law by loopholes in the justice system. Believe me this is no CSI show!<br /><br />Created by novelist Jeff Lindsay, Hall and his supporting cast (including Lauren Velez, James Remar, Julie Benz, and Jennifer Carpenter)create an interesting portrait of man whose blood is dipped in both worlds. Hall's baby face showcases an evil side underneath his devilish killer smile. The show is an interesting character study as well as a great murder mystery.<br /><br />There is the  Ice Cream truck murderer who is stalking Dexter and leaving killer clues. The mystery unfolds in these 12 episodes and you will be intrigued by the last episode. This is like a good British televsion series, a full complete story unfolded in 12 parts.<br /><br />The extras on the fourth disk are  two episodes of Showtime's The Blotherhood (which is also available on DVD), audio commentary on the 12th episodes, and a true life crime story. Those of you with computer can read the first two chapters of the latest Dexter novel and a download of the Showtime show the Tutors (soon to be on DVD)<br /><br />Even without the extras, this is a five star killer show...its a bloody good time. This , like House, is what great TV is all about!  I can not wait until October for season two<br /><br />Bennet Pomerantz AUDIOWORLD
B000000OF6|1.0|Queen are definately one of the worst bands of all time ever after TRS(The Rolling Stones), the Doors, U2, and Black Sabbath. They should be dishonoured for making such awful trash tunes like Bohemian Rhapsody, We are the champions, Another one Bites the Dust, and fat bottommed girls. Please avoid this CD at all costs and buy any of the four Metallica albums insted.
B00005ASOI|5.0|I'm going to try and write this review a little different then normal, talk about why I love Dario Argento as a director a little more, along with talking about Suspiria. Rather then give a synopsis on the film, that seems to have been done about........................348 times now.<br /><br />While watching Suspiria again I analyzed Dario's filmaking style, and really asked myself what it is about his movies that make him my favorite horror director.<br /><br />The first thing I noticed was the \\"hyper-stylized\\" feel that his movies always have (all of his good movies anyway). They all seem so ahead of their time, but still keep that old-school feel, which I know, and love. You can tell Susperia was made in the 70's, but the techniques he used were so fresh and new, that they are still being discovered, and ripped off by new directors to this day. There is an extreme attention to detail in Dario's movies that I've never seen from any other director.<br /><br />The second thing, and one of my favorite things about Dario's flicks, is definitely the cinematography. I've always been a firm believer that cinematoghraphy is one of, if not, THE most important part of filmaking. In theory, movies are about watching a picture on screen, the camera IS that screen, and therefore 50% of the task at hand. The other 50% is WHAT to put on that screen. Getting a little phychological, but that's what Dario's flicks do to me.<br />He always knows the right angles to use, not only to be beautiful, but to throw the viewer off a little bit with an experimental, and different take on cinematoghraphy as a whole.<br /><br />The third thing I love about his movies are the colors, and Susperia is by far his most colorful movie, with Inferno coming in close second. While watching Suspiria the colors literally JUMPED out at me, pushed my head through a window, stabbed me SEVEN times, and hung me by my neck from five stories high, along with killing an innocent bystander by impaling her in the head, neck, and torso by falling debris. They (the colors) give it a really creepy, hallucinagetic look, and it really puts me in that \\"turn down the lights, grab a six-pack, it's Halloween in this mother-\\" feeling, which I love.<br /><br />The fourth thing about Argento's movies that I love so much is the strange, dark, wierd, sometimes confusing, but incredibly simple plots-lines, and subject matter that only Argento would ever condider using.<br />Suspiria is about a dance acedemy that is run by witches, and has fuzzy arms popping out of nowhere to murder victims, a maggot infested attic, and an invisible witch who raises the dead! What the hell? Oddly enough it works so well!<br /><br />I've read that a lot of peole had trouble following this one, that the plot is not always explained in every little way and I think a lot of people are reading to much into it and missing the point.<br />He's just trying to have a different spin on witchcraft in general and while you may not understand how some things are happening, I think that's the point, withcraft is often unexplainable and defies all rational logic.<br /><br />Susperia, in my eyes is a 10-star film in every way possible, it may not be technically perfect but most of the time, neither is life.<br /><br />P.S. To anybody that is a fan of Argentos: The little boy that walks around with the maid of the house has more than a coincidental resemblence to Carlo as a little boy from Deep Red, Argento's earlier giallo picture. Perhaps an homage to himself?debris. They (the colors) give it a really creepy, hallucinagetic look, and it really puts me in that \\"turn down the lights, grab a six-pack, it's Halloween in this mother-\\" feeling, which I love.    The fourth thing about Argento's movies that I love so much is the strange, dark, wierd, sometimes confusing, but incredibly simple plots-lines, and subject matter that only Argento would ever condider using.   Suspiria is about a dance acedemy that is run by witches, and has fuzzy arms popping out of nowhere to murder victims, a maggot infested attic, and an invisible witch who raises the dead! What the hell? Oddly enough it works so well!    I've read that a lot of peole had trouble following this one, that the plot is not always explained in every little way and I think a lot of people are reading to much into it and missing the point.   He's just trying to have a different spin on witchcraft in general and while you may not understand how some things are happening, I think that's the point, withcraft is often unexplainable and defies all rational logic.        Susperia, in my eyes is a 10-star film in every way possible, it may not be technically perfect but most of the time, neither is life.            P.S. To anybody that is a fan of Argentos: The little boy that walks around with the maid of the house has more than a coincidental resemblence to Carlo as a little boy from Deep Red, Argento's earlier giallo picture. Perhaps an homage to himself?
B000002H6C|5.0|I love ...And Justice for All and it is one of my favorite all time albums from my favorite heavy metal band Metallica. The best song is Eye of the Beholder because James angry voice and Blackened, One, and the awesome title track are also really awesome tracks too!!! KEEP ON ROCKING IN THE FREEWORLD METALLICA!!!! Highly recommended. Every CD collection should have this album!!
B00005NKKY|5.0|Under-rated on its release and rapidly eclipsed by the massive success of \\"Bridge Over Troubled Water\\", \\"Bookends\\" has, with time, proved to be not only Simon & Garfunkle's best album but one of the very best albums of the 60s.    And, 40 years on, the first seven tracks tracks that formed side one of the original LP, with its themes of old age and alienation, remain as fresh and relevant today as they were then... a cohesive and beautifully reflective suite of quite exceptional musical poetry. So good that the quality of \\"side two\\", with its five incredibly catchy but more mainstream folk-rock tracks, is often lost in reviews... which is a shame as they're also among Simon & Garfunkle's best and are good enough on their own to justify five stars. But, in the end, it's the timeless brilliance of side one that elevates \\"Bookends\\" to \\"classic\\" status.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|I LOVE JIMI HENDRIX AND HE IS JUST AS GOOD AS JOE SATRIANI, MARK KNOPFLER, KIRK HAMMETT, AND EDDIE VAN HALEN. THIS COMPILATION IS GREAT AND MY FAVORITE SONGS ARE PURPLE HAZE, VOODOO CHILD, ALL ALONG THE WATCHTOWER, THE WIND CRIES MARY, FOXEY LADY, AND HEY JOE. I'M SO SAD HE IS DEAD. BUT YOU WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER HIS MUSIC.
B000MZHW1S|5.0|This was a very good movie. The story is great. It involves a money thirsty mercenary who is trying to find his major score. He is trying to find money when he hears of huge diamond being mined by the slaves mining blood diamonds. He offers the guy who mined the diamond a way to find his family. In the process, though, he decides to develop a conscious and turns into a likeable character. He ends up helping people because of their family bonds and does the right thing. In the end he dies, but does so in a heroic way.
B000002LSV|5.0|ZZ Top rules as they have produced some of the best music ever along with Metallica, Van Halen, and George Thorogood. This greatest hits CD has several excellent songs and my favorite tracks are La Grange, Gimme All Your Loving, Sleeping Bag, Sharp Dressed Man, Tush, and My Head's in Mississpii. FOR GREAT CLASSIC ROCK AND BLUES PLEASE PURCHASE THIS CD FOR YOUR COLLECTION. LONG LIVE ZZ TOP.
B000IOM0YM|2.0|I saw Kiss for the first time in 1978. What a stage show! and that is why it is such a shame the footage doesn't look and sound better on this set. It's pretty low grade and it should not be the case. If they only had the forthought back then to record these shows better. It's hard to believe the members of Kiss did not realize how important good quality footage would be now! These guys spent so much money on fantastic stage shows and then they forgot to record the shows with top quality cameras? If these shows had been professionally done they would have sold 100 times over this release. I'm glad I have it but, it should have been so much better!<br /><br />For Kiss fans this is a must buy, but be prepared for some disappointment in quality. As most fans know there are different bonus discs included for Wal-Mart and Target, also a third disc for all other chain stores. They are only included in the initial release.
B000000W5N|1.0|WOW! WHO LIKES SUCH AWFUL TRASH SONGS LIKE BROWN SUGAR??? THE ROLLING STONES ARE DEFINATELY ONE OF THE WORST BANDS EVER AND THEY HAVE NEVER MADE ANYTHING DECENT EXCEPT START ME UP AND SHATTERED AND THEY SHOULD BE DISHONORED FOR MAKING SUCH AWFUL MUSIC ALONG WITH QUEEN U2 DOORS AND SABBATH. GET ANY METALLICA ALBUM INSTED.
B000MGVCFY|5.0|As a owner of the entire Moody Blues recently issued deluxe editions, this reminded me of the quadraphonic eight track versions of those same titles except In Search Of The Lost Chord, which I still own. This also includes BLUEJAYS in that format. When this title gets issued in SACD from the ORIGINAL quadraphonic tape masters, I would love to hear the extended ending of the song Remember Me, My Friend. This was TOTALLY lost when this title was first issued and subsequently reissued on CD. This is a very cool guitar/bass/drum workout by the band! I'm sure every fan of this title will agree. Lastly, any additional recordings put down on tape during the sessions included in this package will greatly enhance ones listening enjoyment.     Tony Castro, Santa Clarita CA
B000002H33|5.0|I love Master of Puppets and this is one of the finest metal albums ever made by my favorite heavy metal band Metallica. Orion is the best song on it and it has several other excellent tracks like Battery, Master of Puppets, and Welcome Home (Sanitarium). Highly recommended. A must have in all CD collections!! 5 stars.
B00005JKQZ|5.0|I first saw this movie about five years ago.  My wife had asked me to go see it with her.  After we watched, I said to her, \\"I don't know how to tell you this, but I got to tell you something, and it is kinda hard to say.\\"  She said, \\"Go ahead, honey.\\"  So I said to her, \\"I don't know what that stuff is that Crowe has in that movie......\\" She says, \\"go on.\\"  \\"But I have it, too.\\"  She then says, \\"Well, we got to get you some help.\\" The next day she tells me the soonest a psychiatrist can see me is in a month and a half.  I tell her that I can't last that long.  I need to see someone right away.  A psychiatrist tells her to take me to the nearest ER room at a hospital.    Sitting in front of the ER doctor at a large hospital in the Denver suburbs, the doctor asks me, \\"So what's bothering you?\\"  I tell him, \\"Oh, nothing really.\\" (I'm afraid they are going to lock me up forever.)  My wife across the little room says, \\"You have to tell him everything, to get help.\\" So I proceed to tell him, \\"I'm hearing voices which are telling me to do terrible things.  They are loud command voices, they don't stop, and I can't deal with it anymore. They say people in the neighborhood are plotting to kill me and my family.\\"    He says, \\"Oh, you must have a microchip implanted in the back of your head.\\"     I exclaim back, \\"No, no, that's not possible!  I never had a microchip operation... I have a tooth.  It's in the back of my mouth.  It has a large filling in it. I got it when I was 15.  The dentist put two pins in it, and the pins act like a harmonic receiver for a satellite in the sky.\\" Then I paused again and looked over at my wife, and she said, \\"You got to keep going.\\" I continued, \\"They are sending the voices to me through this tooth, and they can hear what I am saying when I speak.  I am part of a super-secret military project, and they're communicating with me. For future one-man missions.\\"    The doctor then left, and came back a few minutes later with two armed hospital guards.  He read me 'my rights', and informed me that the state of Colorado allows him to put me on a '3-day involuntary commitment' to get me medication and counseling.  I was ready to jump right out of there, but my wife said, \\"They are going to help you, but you have to let them.\\"  So I went along with them to the psych ward of that general hospital, and they helped me by giving me a 10mg dose of tongue dissolvable Zyprexa, and I slept for about 19 hours.  When I woke up, they let me talk to the doctor and some counselors.  The medication gave me a clear brain, and stopped the voices and delusions.  They released me to my wife that day (the day after admitting me).  My wife was an angel.    This movie, that \\"3-day commitment\\", and the doctors & nurses with the meds are some of the best things that have ever happened in my life.  This movie gave me the courage to seek help.  It was very hard to take the news that I was not part of a special super-secret military project for 19 years.  But instead I have a serious, chronic, incurable, brain disease.  But that's life, that's my life. I now accept the fact that I have the brain disorder known as schizoaffective.  It reminds me of the movie, \\"Predator\\".  And it terrifies me.    Other people here have commented that this film does not portray the actual life of John Nash.  Well, maybe it's because the real story of schizophrenia is too depressing for people to want to pay money to see.  There simply is no pretty Hollywood ending to our story.  And besides, Hollywood has skewed other films in the past that were supposedly about the life of a real person.      One that comes to mind so unnervingly is the movie, \\"Emily Rose.\\"  Talk about a farce!  Oh, this movie was \\"INSPIRED BY\\" the life of Emily Rose.  And then two consultants to the film with the title of Msr. in front of their names (this stands for Catholic monsignor priest) proceeded to make a girl's paranoid manic psychotic episode look like demon possession.  That was cute.  And what a cruel joke it is to all of us who suffer from psychotic brain disease (about 8 million US people - paranoid schizophrenia, psychotic bipolar I, psychotic depression & post-partum psychosis).    I can hardly wait until the researchers find a cure for this illness.  Hopefully within the next 20 to 30 years.  I hope and pray for this everyday.  I'm sure John does, too.  For the sake of our children.    You won't hear from many people with psychotic based-illness.  It is simply too horrific to talk about.  You can take my word for it.  I say this because you all have paid a lot of money to send me to some of the world's best schools.  Schools which uniquely teach soldiers how to look fear in its face, to confront it, and then to walk right through it.  As I have posted before, and in spite of this myriad of specialized training, it still terrifies me to talk about this disease like I am doing now, and it takes a terrible toll.    To everyone who had a part in making this film, thank you.  Thank you for saving my life, literally.  I really appreciate that.  So do my wife and two children. And thank you, John, for telling your story.  You have helped us all.  You will never know how much, because we simply cannot talk about it.  As you already know.
B00000DGUY|5.0|Sultans of Swing is the best Dire Straits compilation and Knopfler is one of the finest singers and guitar players ever and this has all the band's classics from 78-91 like Sultans of swing, Money for Nothing, Walk of life, Tunnel of love, Calling Elvis, Lady writer, So Far Away, Heavy Fuel, and Romeo and Juliet. If you are new to the straits, start with this one.
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|I first saw this movie about five years ago. My wife had asked me to go see it with her. After we watched, I said to her, `I don't know how to tell you this, but I got to tell you something, and it is kinda hard to say.\\" She said, \\"Go ahead, honey.\\" So I said to her, \\"I don't know what that stuff is that Crowe has in that movie......\\" She says, \\"go on.\\" \\"But I have it, too.\\" She then says, \\"Well, we got to get you some help.\\" The next day she tells me the soonest a psychiatrist can see me is in a month and a half. I tell her that I can't last that long. I need to see someone right away. A psychiatrist tells her to take me to the nearest ER room at a hospital.     Sitting in front of the ER doctor at a large hospital in the Denver suburbs, the doctor asks me, \\"So what's bothering you?\\" I tell him, \\"Oh, nothing really.\\" (I'm afraid they are going to lock me up forever.) My wife across the little room says, \\"You have to tell him everything, to get help.\\" So I proceed to tell him, \\"I'm hearing voices which are telling me to do terrible things. They are loud command voices, they don't stop, and I can't deal with it anymore. They say people in the neighborhood are plotting to kill me and my family.\\"     He says, \\"Oh, you must have a microchip in the back of your head.\\"     I exclaim back, \\"No, no, that's not possible! I never had a chip operation... I have a tooth. It's in the back of my mouth. It has a large filling in it. I got it when I was 15. The dentist put two pins in it, and the pins act like a harmonic receiver for a satellite in the sky.\\" Then I paused again and looked over at my wife, and she said, \\"You got to keep going.\\" I continued, \\"They are sending the voices to me through this tooth, and they can hear what I am saying when I speak. I am part of a super-secret military project, and they're communicating with me. For future one-man missions.\\"     The doctor then left, and came back a few minutes later with two armed hospital guards. He read me my rights, and informed me that the state of Colorado allows him to put me on a 3-day involuntary commitment to get me medication and counseling. I was ready to jump right out of there, but my wife said, \\"They are going to help you, but you have to let them.\\" So I went along with them to the psych ward of that general hospital, and they helped me by giving me a 10mg dose of tongue dissolvable Zyprexa, and I slept for about 19 hours. When I woke up, they let me talk to the doctor and some counselors. The medication gave me a clear brain, and stopped the voices and delusions. They released me to my wife that day (the day after admitting me). My wife was an angel.     This movie, that \\"3-day commitment\\", and the doctors & nurses with the meds are some of the best things that have every happened in my life. This movie gave me the courage to seek help. It is hard to take the news that I was not part of a special super-secret military project for 19 years. But instead I have a serious, chronic, incurable, brain disease. But that's life, that's my life. I now accept the fact that I have the brain disorder known as schizoaffective. It reminds me of the movie, \\"Predator\\". And it terrifies me.     Other people here have commented that the film does not portray the actual life of John Nash. Well, maybe it's because the real story of schizophrenia is too depressing for people to want to pay money to see. There simply is no pretty Hollywood ending to our story. And besides, Hollywood has skewed other films in the past that were supposedly about the life of a real person.     One that comes to mind so unnervingly is the movie, \\"Emily Rose.\\" Talk about a farce! Oh, this movie was \\"INSPIRED BY\\" the life of Emily Rose. And then two consultants to the film with the title of Msr. in front of their names (this stands for Catholic monsignor priest) proceeded to make a girl's paranoid manic psychotic episode look like demon possession. That was cute. And what a cruel joke it is to all of us who suffer from psychotic brain disease (about 8 million US people - paranoid schizophrenia, psychotic bipolar I, psychotic depression & post-partum depression).     I can hardly wait until the researchers find a cure for this illness. Hopefully within the next 20 to 30 years. I hope and pray for this everyday. I'm sure John does, too. For the sake of our children.     You won't hear from many people with psychotic based-illness. It is simply too horrific to talk about. You can take my word for it. I say this because you all have paid a lot of money to send me to some of the world's best schools. Schools which uniquely teach soldiers how to look fear in its face, to confront it, and then to walk right through it. As I have posted before, and in spite of this myriad of specialized training, it still terrifies me to talk about this disease like I am doing now, and it takes a terrible toll.     To everyone who had a part in making this film, thank you. Thank you for saving my life, literally. I really appreciate that. So do my wife and two children. And thank you, John, for telling your story. You have helped us all. You will never know how much, because we simply cannot talk about it. As you already know.
B000286S8S|5.0|I love this Van Halen CD and Van Halen are one of my favorite bands of all time. This is a great CD containing all their best songs. The best song is Poundcake. I think both David Lee Roth and Sammy Hagar are great singers and these Van Halen guys should be honored for making such great music. My favorite tracks would be Poundcake, Jump, And the Cradle Will Rock..., Ain't Talkin Bout Love, Right Now, and Unchained!! VAN HALEN FOREVER!! GET THIS CD TODAY!!
1579126278|4.0|I've read two of Agatha Christie's books now, and I won't be reading any more. Don't get me wrong, I think she's a very talented writer, but the style of her mysteries just doesn't suit me too well. That's ok, I think she has plenty of fans!
B000002H2H|5.0|I love Ride the Lightning and this is one of the best albums ever by my favorite heavy metal band Metallica. The best song is For Whom the Bell Tolls because it has the most awesome solo I have ever heard and is one of my favorite songs of all time!! I love Fade to Black as it is the band's best power ballad has the best ending I've ever heard, and The Call of Ktulu is a great, great instrumental masterpiece and Orion still being a lot better. Highly recommended!!! This CD should be in all music collections. Metallica forever!!!
B000P2A24W|5.0|EXCEPTIONALLY GREAT CD...ALL the recordings are wonderful...play it over and over everyday...am expecially fond of song #3, \\"Make a Memory\\" & #9,  \\"Till We Ain't Strangers Anymore\\" (w/Leann Rimes)...LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this CD. I promise you won't be disappointed!!!!
B000002KHH|1.0|I HATE BLACK SABBATH. THEIR MUSIC IS DUMB AND OZZY IS ONE OF THE WORST SINGERS EVER ALONG WITH BRIAN JOHNSON AND BON SCOTT. THEY ARE A HUGELY OVERRATED HEAVY METAL BAND AND THEY ARE NOT HEAVY METAL. METALLICA ARE THE REAL DEAL GET THEIR STUFF INSTED.
B00005JKG9|5.0|Ask 20 people if they have even HEARD of this movie, and you're likely to get 20 blank expressions.  This film is one of the best I've ever watched, absolutely riveting.  The performances are first-rate all around, and as  has been said already, this is one of Jack Lemmon's most brilliant efforts.  You can't miss with this one.
B0006GVJEE|1.0|I just watched the professional a couple of months ago. And i didn't see any of the love story. If you've seen this movie and you seen Matilda and leon as lovers then i bet your a huge fan of John Mark Kar, and child pornagraphy. I mean come on shes twelve and he's what pushing 40. But i do have to admit Matildas a pretty creepy kid. But whenever she comes on to him it gets really awkward and he seems afraid of her. And all the flaws in this is kind of sad. Nobody notices how crazy the cop is. And leon kills a dozen not just cops but a swat team with two hand guns oh while hanging upside down. Can you imagine how many times he dropped the guns during takes. What is he superman always dissapearing and reappearing during his hits. And why weren't there any reporters i mean come on. Cops killed, shootouts in the middle of new york, a aparment building being blownup. I know new yorks a pretty bad place but not one freakin reporter.  Then theres matilda shooting out the window and nobody calls the cops. And what up the cops killing matildas whole family. THe force didn't even do a real invastigation. They should of suspended there badges untill they got to the bottom of it. Because I'm so sure a four yr old is such a threat.
B000UR9T8C|2.0|When Spider-Man came out, my jaw dropped at the amazing visuals and gripping action. Spider-Man 2 improved upon the original in every way possible. With Spider-Man 3, we have the most disappointing film of 2007. Third time is not always a charm.    The basic storyline of Spider-Man 3 has the theme of revenge, and it shoves that theme in our faces more than anything throughout the film. In fact, there are about a half dozen storylines here that all fall flat. There are three new villains in the movie, but none of them are appealing except for Venom (Topher Grace), who doesn't even get much screen time. The other villains are Sandman (Thomas Haden Church) and a new version of the Green Goblin (James Franco), who is actually Harry Osborn set on getting revenge on Peter Parker for killing his father. Tobey Maguire returns as Spider-Man/Peter Parker, and Kirsten Dunst returns as Mary Jane Watson. While these two are the main stars of Spider-Man 3, they are arguably the worst actors in this film. Not even for a second did I find Dunst's acting convincing, and there are a few scenes in particular where they turn Maguire into an angst-ridden thirty-something, and it is embarrassing to say the very least. Who on Earth read this script and thought it was acceptable?    Spider-Man 3 isn't a complete waste of time. It has a couple cool action scenes, and a pretty funny cameo by Bruce Campbell, but in the end, it left me depressed and scratching my head. Never before have I been this deeply disappointed in a movie. If they make a Spider-Man 4, which they probably will, I hope they take their time and write a better script, and focus on one storyline rather than ten.
B0001HAISG|5.0|I'm surprised nobody's mentioned the music. All I can say is, WOW!! It was totally beautiful and precisely perfect.    The acting by the children was superb and realistic. Peter was an excellent representation of so many boys I've known, while Wendy reminded me of so many girls and, well, myself.    As one of the biggest prudes I know, I am extremely sensitive to innuendos in films (Happy Feet had too many for me). However, while there is romantic tension between Peter and Wendy, there are no innuendos. Besides, the romantic tension only serves to make the ending more bittersweet, as it should be. It is an appropriate metaphor for today because far too many people dismiss growing up-- especially marriage and parenthood-- as restricting, when, in reality, these responsibilities offer so much more joy than playing and having fun.
B00005JPFH|2.0|When Spider-Man came out, my jaw dropped at the amazing visuals and gripping action. Spider-Man 2 improved upon the original in every way possible. With Spider-Man 3, we have the most disappointing film of 2007. Third time is not always a charm.    The basic storyline of Spider-Man 3 has the theme of revenge, and it shoves that theme in our faces more than anything throughout the film. In fact, there are about a half dozen storylines here that all fall flat. There are three new villains in the movie, but none of them are appealing except for Venom (Topher Grace), who doesn't even get much screen time. The other villains are Sandman (Thomas Haden Church) and a new version of the Green Goblin (James Franco), who is actually Harry Osborn set on getting revenge on Peter Parker for killing his father. Tobey Maguire returns as Spider-Man/Peter Parker, and Kirsten Dunst returns as Mary Jane Watson. While these two are the main stars of Spider-Man 3, they are arguably the worst actors in this film. Not even for a second did I find Dunst's acting convincing, and there are a few scenes in particular where they turn Maguire into an angst-ridden thirty-something, and it is embarrassing to say the very least. Who on Earth read this script and thought it was acceptable?    Spider-Man 3 isn't a complete waste of time. It has a couple cool action scenes, and a pretty funny cameo by Bruce Campbell, but in the end, it left me depressed and scratching my head. Never before have I been this deeply disappointed in a movie. If they make a Spider-Man 4, which they probably will, I hope they take their time and write a better script, and focus on one storyline rather than ten.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|Heartbreakingly beautiful images, uncanny scenes that are absolutely idiosyncratic yet uncomfortably familiar, more flat-out horror than in all the genre films this year, and a strangely subtle performance by Laura Dern.  There is a narrative; half-submerged, its spine visible at times, holding the disparate elements together.  Still, it's a film to be experienced rather than interpreted.  Take it for what it is- a disturbing, gorgeous, mysterious, waking nightmare.
B000TM1CKQ|5.0|This is the funniest show on right now, I can't believe more people aren't watching. Watch so we can keep enjoying this show!
B00009RDG9|3.0|This movie should have been great. I don't know what happened in the editing process. Friedken just blew it and it is obvious in so many parts. You can see his hands all over it, in a good way but then it looks like it is just thrown together and there are some big old plot holes. Another problem I have with it is Benicio Del Toro cast as a redneck backwoods guy from West Virginia. I think he does a good job but he is totally miscast. If you are going to have a hispanic guy play the part then change the characters back story and make him from somewhere else. He didn't fit the character at all... but he did a good job and he is a good actor. Tommy Lee Jones is just great in everything he does and was really good in this as was Connie Neilson.<br /><br />All in all I liked the movie and wanted to like it more but it had some big flaws for a movie that has so much talent top to bottom.
B00006RU5B|5.0|\\"Audioslave\\" is brilliant! This is an brilliant debut from one of the most short-lived and in my opinion, well-loved rock bands of 21st century, so far.    Track Listing  1. Cochise  2. Show Me How To Live  3. Gasoline  4. What You Are  5. Like A Stone  6. Set It Off  7. Shadow Of The Sun  8. I Am The Highway  9. Exploder  10. Hypnotize  11. Bring Em Back Alive  12. Light My Way  13. Getaway Car  14. The Last Remaining Light
B000022TSY|5.0|If you haven't seen Easy Rider... you should. It is a great movie. It is a bit dated now but it is still a legendary flick. I am a motorcyclist and I grew up with this movie. Most people that have seen it already will love this DVD version. But what I wanted to talk about is the added documentary Easy Rider: Shaking The Cage. This alone is worth the price of the DVD. I would have bought it and paid full price just to see Dennis Hopper, Peter Fonda, Luke Askew and the rest of the people involved talk about the movie, how it was thought up and how it was done from beginning to end. I loved this documentary and have watched it about 10 times. Peter Fonda and Hopper alone are just great and it is cool watching these guys now in their 60's talking about making this movie.<br /><br />Easy Rider: Shaking The Cage... make sure you watch this if you get this DVD. It is AWESOME.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|The soundtrack to \\"Once\\" is brilliant! The vocals by Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova are brilliant! Their chemistry together is outstanding. The best movie soundtrack of the year.    Track Listing  1. Falling Slowly  2. If You Want Me  3. Broken Hearted Hoover Fixer Sucker Guy  4. When Your Minds Made Up  5. Lies  6. Gold  7. The Hill  8. Fallen From The Sky  9. Leave  10. Trying To Pull Myself Away  11. All The Way Down  12. Once  13. Say It To Me Now
B000M341QE|2.0|This movie was no where near as good as the press that it got. I certainly is not Scorseses best and not even in his top 5. If he got an Oscar for this film it is a lifetime acheivement award cause it is not that good. It is loaded with actors and also loaded with Scorseses over used 'ganster movie' style. I guess he thinks if he does something well why not do it over and over but I get a little bored with the same music used in the exact same way in his films. Also, Jack Nicholson was just horrible in this. He hams it up so much that it is just atrocious. Mark Wahlberg is pretty good, and I can't stand him as an actor. This is probably his best role to date. Ray Winstone in the highlight and the best thing about the movie other than the story which was a remake of a Japanese movie Infernal Affairs. DeCaprio and Damon were o.k. but nothing great. Alec Baldwin RULES and Martin Sheen was pretty good but Nicholson and Scorcese just are old and worn out and hanging on and it shows.
B0007OCG4W|5.0|It has its flaws of course: the dialogue is exagerrated and serendipity plays an all too prominent role. But this is one of my all time favorite films. The beauty of this film comes from embracing everything it has to offer such as witty euphemisms (of the few it has). But be warned: it is very cut throat and bellicose in its depiction of surreal contemporary relationships. Its not putting on a mask and calling people out on their innocence. In this film, no one is spared the sledge-hammer.
B000QUCNP4|5.0|Just like the title of this post says, I found this movie, top to bottom to be a great film. It was compelling, interesting as hell and the acting, directing and cinematography were just 100%. I found myself glued to the screen. I was entertained and I was informed about the subject and I never found myself bored or even for a moment not wanting to watch more.<br /><br />I recommend this movie to anybody who has knowledge of the subject or who likes true crime stories. But this movie is also for any adult who likes good cinema. Fincher is one of the best and one of my favorites.
B0000AUHOH|3.0|STAR TREK V: THE FINAL FRONTIER was definitely a valley.  According to Leonard Nimoy in his book I AM SPOCK, a director cannot overcome a bad script.  A pared down version of this story would have made for a good 50-minute episode of STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION.  Unfortunately Trek fans were expecting much more after STAR TREK IV: THE VOYAGE HOME.<br /><br />In summary:  James T. Kirk continues to ride the midlife crisis he started in STAR TREK II.  The beautiful new trans-warp Enterprise we saw at the conclusion of THE VOYAGE HOME is actually a technological lemon with Mr. Scott scurrying about the ship to effect repairs.  With a skeleton crew and only partially functioning systems, the Enterprise races off to defuse a hostage situation on Nibus III.  Nimbus, a desert planet jointly administered by the Federation, Klingons, and Romulans, has been overun by a crusading army of zealots led by Vulcan mystic Sybok.  By the way, Sybok is Spock's older half brother.<br /><br />The hostage situation however, is only a ploy to lure a Federation Star Ship to the quadrant. Kirk and a pitifully small shore party unsuccessfully attempt to liberate the hostages and instead lose the Enterprise.  Sybok, now in control of the Enterprise and its crew, guides the ship to a largely unexplored area of the galaxy in an attempt to find the creator of the universe.  Breaching a cloudy barrier around a hidden planet, Sybok, Kirk, McCoy, and Spock face off with marooned evil entity masquarading as Sybok's image of the Almighty.<br /><br />Sybok, realizing his arrogance put them all in jeopardy, sacrifices himself so that the other can escape.  A pursuing Klingon Bird of Prey appears in the nick of time and rescues Kirk.  On board the Enterprise the former hostages, Klingons, and ship's crew celebrate the rescue with social mixer.  The film concludes with Kirk, McCoy, and Spock continuing their interrupted shore leave at Yosemite National Park singing around a evening campfire.<br /><br />This was William Shatner's first outing as a director.  Despite my rather scarcastic synopsis of the movie, Shatner did surprisingly well as a director.  STAR TREK V was a learning experience for him.  Shatner's contract with Paramount guarantied that he and Leonard Nimoy had directorial opportunities.  Nimoy had already directed STAR TREK III and THE VOYAGE HOME.  As such, Shatner was also eligible for two films.  It is likely that Paramount kept a tight hold on the budget for this movie as it was Shatner's directorial debut.  After all, STAR TREK IV was well received by the public and made a lot of money.  Additionally, THE VOYAGE HOME could have served as a perfect ending to the trilogy -- if you exclude STAR TREK: THE MOTION PICTURE.<br /><br />The budget constraints are evident throughout the picture.  Some special effects footage, such as the views of the Enterprise in space dock and the Klingon bird of prey were recycled from earlier movies.  Some of the NEXT GENERATION corridors were also included as part of the Enterprise-A.  Was it not also convenient for the Enterprise to be -- once again -- staffed by a skeleton crew?<br /><br />The ship's transporter system likewise did not function until the end of the film -- thus reducing the need for trasporter special effects.  Although the production team did build a full scale mock up of a shuttle craft (and I applaud the movie for this) we are initially only treated to a shot of a spot light looming behind the trees when Uhura steps out to taxi Kirk, McCoy, and Spok back to the ship.<br /><br />One of the aspects that hurt this film was that there was too much comic relief.  Paramount reportedly turned up its corporate nose, and checkbook, to a darker and more serious tone.  Executives wanted the same light heartedness of STAR TREK IV.  The problem was that TREK V was a totally different movie.  Unlike THE VOYAGE HOME, which was a trilogy resolution, THE FINAL FRONTIER was a stand-alone film with no loose endsfor a closely related sequel.  And so we have a clumsy Scotty bumbling around the service corridors, romantic overtures by Uhura, awkward campfire scenes, and a virtual Three Stooges scene with Kirk, Spock, and McCoy rocketing upward in one of the Enterprise's shafts.  Additionally, the intergalactic friendly ending, with Star Fleet, Klingons and a Romulan all the best of buddies was too much of a leap of faith.  This was corrected later in STAR TREK VI.<br /><br />Overall the special effects were disappointing.  Industrial Light and Magic was not involved in this movie.  There are two versions of the story regarding ILM's absence.  The first was that Paramount's budget did not allow for first rate effects and the production crew had to look elsewhere.  The second possibility put forth by William Shatner in his book TREK MOVIES was that ILM was fully consumed with projects such as GHOST BUSTERS II, INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE, as well as special effects for STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION.  Others point out that BACK TO THE FUTURE II & III were also on-going projects.  The bottom line is that an effects firm based in Hoboken, NJ was retained for the task.  The effects were good, but hardly what we were used to seeing.<br /><br />It also seemed that no one wanted to write the script.  The production was intially held up by a Hollywood writers' strike that disrupted motion picture and television production.  By the time the strike ended there were a backlog of projects begging for writers.  The fact that they were able to assemble a script for THE FINAL FRONTIER is amazing in and of itself.  The unfortunate thing is that the flow of them movie, not wholly controled ruled by the editor, makes the script appear as if it was a hastily slapped together affair.<br /><br />The cast was pleasantly surprised at Shatner's directorial style.  Shatner faced several last minute changes to the movie when special effects monsters and other shots showed up poorly on film.  There were several whole scenes that Shatner wanted to reshoot completely, but Paramount insisted the movie be completed as-is.  Shater attempted to address the wrongs of the original production when video/DVD was re-released.  Much like Robert Wise was allowed to retool STAR TREK: THE MOTION PICTURE for DVD, so too did Shatner approach Paramount about re-shooting and correcting scenes for STAR TREK V.  Alas, Paramount declined any moneys for the project.<br /><br />Enough TREK bashing.  The film did make money for Paramount.  However, much like Dicken's character Oliver Twist they wanted more.  The musical score is very much a Star Trek soundtrack.  It is always great to see the original Enterprise crew together again.  Overall the new Enterprise looks good and this was the first time since the series that we were treated to a full size shuttlecraft.<br /><br />My one personal regret about this film was that it was one of the only Star Trek movies that I did not get to see in a theater. VHS and DVD presentation never equal the impact of film in a cinema.  As such it is all to easy to pick over the more disappointing aspects of the picture.<br /><br />Of course you have to own a copy of this movie.  The beauty of the film is that it is not the hingepin to STAR TREK VI: THE UNDISCOVERED COUNTRY.  If you imagine THE FINAL FRONTIER almost as if it was a television special instead of chapter in the film saga you will enjoy it a lot more.sy Scotty bumbling around the service corridors, romantic overtures by Uhura, awkward campfire scenes, and a virtual Three Stooges scene with Kirk, Spock, and McCoy rocketing upward in one of the Enterprise's shafts.  Additionally, the intergalactic friendly ending, with Star Fleet, Klingons and a Romulan all the best of buddies was too much of a leap of faith.  This was corrected later in STAR TREK VI.    Overall the special effects were disappointing.  Industrial Light and Magic was not involved in this movie.  There are two versions of the story regarding ILM's absence.  The first was that Paramount's budget did not allow for first rate effects and the production crew had to look elsewhere.  The second possibility put forth by William Shatner in his book TREK MOVIES was that ILM was fully consumed with projects such as GHOST BUSTERS II, INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE, as well as special effects for STAR TREK THE NEXT GENERATION.  Others point out that BACK TO THE FUTURE II & III were also on-going projects.  The bottom line is that an effects firm based in Hoboken, NJ was retained for the task.  The effects were good, but hardly what we were used to seeing.    It also seemed that no one wanted to write the script.  The production was intially held up by a Hollywood writers' strike that disrupted motion picture and television production.  By the time the strike ended there were a backlog of projects begging for writers.  The fact that they were able to assemble a script for THE FINAL FRONTIER is amazing in and of itself.  The unfortunate thing is that the flow of them movie, not wholly controled ruled by the editor, makes the script appear as if it was a hastily slapped together affair.    The cast was pleasantly surprised at Shatner's directorial style.  Shatner faced several last minute changes to the movie when special effects monsters and other shots showed up poorly on film.  There were several whole scenes that Shatner wanted to reshoot completely, but Paramount insisted the movie be completed as-is.  Shater attempted to address the wrongs of the original production when video/DVD was re-released.  Much like Robert Wise was allowed to retool STAR TREK: THE MOTION PICTURE for DVD, so too did Shatner approach Paramount about re-shooting and correcting scenes for STAR TREK V.  Alas, Paramount declined any moneys for the project.    Enough TREK bashing.  The film did make money for Paramount.  However, much like Dicken's character Oliver Twist they wanted more.  The musical score is very much a Star Trek soundtrack.  It is always great to see the original Enterprise crew together again.  Overall the new Enterprise looks good and this was the first time since the series that we were treated to a full size shuttlecraft.    My one personal regret about this film was that it was one of the only Star Trek movies that I did not get to see in a theater. VHS and DVD presentation never equal the impact of film in a cinema.  As such it is all to easy to pick over the more disappointing aspects of the picture.    Of course you have to own a copy of this movie.  The beauty of the film is that it is not the hingepin to STAR TREK VI: THE UNDISCOVERED COUNTRY.  If you imagine THE FINAL FRONTIER almost as if it was a television special instead of chapter in the film saga you will enjoy it a lot more.
B000H0MKGK|5.0|There's not much I can add to what's been said here about Continuum.  I'm a professional musician and songwriter myself....but after listening to this album, I'm finding it very difficult to even begin to try to write anything new much less even pick up the guitar again.  Mayer has delivered three successive knockouts.  \\"No Such Thing\\" I thought was the best pop song I'd heard in 20 years.....a great looking kid strumming an acoustic guitar with a tight little quartet, singing a song with a lyric that just floored me and anyone else whoever went to high school.  Then he does the pure pop thing with \\"Body Is A Wonderland\\" which I personally did not like but knew what it would do for him career-wise.  And just when we figure he's gone mainstream, he comes out with a live trio playing the blues.  When I saw him do his thing at Clapton's Crossroads festival, I knew he'd made his place amongst the guitar greats.  And now Continuum.....and some of the finest songs ever written.  Mayer is now in the songwriting league with Paul Simon.  The production of  this album is beyond brilliant in its pure simplicity.  No sequencing, no 12000 overdubs, but every note meaningful with air in between....such a contrast to today's production where the VU meters appear to be painted at 100%.  Anyone who rated this album less than 5 stars needs to first see the ear doctor, then go home and listen to nothing but this album for a week.
0743201140|4.0|builds on prior book but has a link for a very good test to understand your strengths - found this helpful
0887307280|2.0|While I feel that the concepts presented in this book have merit as guidelines for establishing a successful new business or overhauling the structure and strategy of an existing one, I came away feeling that most of the topics discussed here were things that I either already knew or could have figured out myself based on my own past experiences in the \\"technician\\", \\"manager\\", and \\"entrepreneur\\" roles that Gerber describes.  And even if the book did contain ideas that were unique to Gerber's franchise-based \\"turn-key\\" approach, I think they probably could have been presented better in a pamphlet than in this book, since it seems that the majority of the pages here are consumed by Gerber's philosophical viewpoints more than practical business strategies.  I also believe that in many cases, the book overgeneralizes its recommendations to the point where they may be of limited value to many businesses with products or needs that don't align perfectly with the author's model.  As other reviewers have noted, I also found the writing style in the book to be quite irritating on many occasions; it often adopts the patronizing tone of a peppy sales presentation rather than the concreteness and specificity better suited to a book like this.  You might want to consider getting this one from a library rather than spending the money to buy Gerber's advice.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|I've seen the movie and fell inlove with it! the songs are so fresh and different, the CD is a real pleasure and is constantly being played in my car. Highly recommended!
B000QUCNOK|1.0|If I could I would rate this movie less than one. I thought that this was just a really bad movie. I can see why it didn't do well at the theater and I can't even imagine why anybody would even want to see it, yet alone make it into a film. I heard that it was a best seller. I never read the book but I saw the movie and found it to be... STUPID.
B000RJO578|5.0|Talk about your 'twisted comedies'! I loved it! There's plenty of shock factor mixed in with the laughs. I never would've guessed the end half of the movie would turn out the way it did. A cop who takes his job too seriously is sent out to a town that appears to be 'Mayberry'. Appearances can be so deceiving. Very entertaining film.<br /><br />Chrissy K. McVay - Author
B0000AQS0F|5.0|In my modest opinion, Firefly is the best Sci-Fi Tv series ever. Not much to say.   Now, if they only could give us a couple more episodes, that would be great!
0143039601|5.0|Following the success of \\"On the Road\\", Kerouac's publishers initially rejected his manuscripts such as \\"The Subterraneans\\" and \\"Tristessa.\\" But his publisher asked him to write an accessible, popular novel continuing with the themes of \\"On the Road.\\"  Kerouac responded with \\"The Dharma Bums\\" which was published late in 1958. \\"The Dharma Bums\\" is more conventionally written that most of Kerouac's other books, with short, generally clear sentences and a story line that is optimistic on the whole. The book was critiqued by Allen Ginsberg and others close to Kerouac as a \\"travelogue\\" and as over-sentimentalized. But with the exception of \\"On the Road\\", \\"The Dharma Bums\\" remains Kerouac's most widely read work. I had the opportunity to reread \\"The Dharma Bums\\" and came away from the book deeply moved.<br /><br />As are all of Kerouac's novels, \\"The Dharma Bums\\" is autobiographical.  It is based upon Kerouac's life between 1956--1957 -- before \\"On the Road\\" appeared and made Kerouac famous.  The book focuses upon the relationship between Kerouac, who in the book is called Ray Smith and his friend, the poet Gary Snyder, called Japhy Ryder, ten years Kerouac's junior.  Kerouac died in 1969, while Snyder is still alive and a highly regarded poet.  Allen Ginsberg (Alvah Goldbrook) and Neal Cassady (Cody Pomeray), among others, also are characters in the book.  Most of the book is set in San Francisco and its environs, but there are scenes of Kerouac's restless and extensive travelling by hitchiking, walking, jumping freight trains, and taking buses, as he visits Mexico, and his mother's home in Rocky Mount, North Carolina during the course of the book.<br /><br />The strenght of \\"The Dharma Bums\\" lies in its scenes of spiritual seriousness and meditation.  During the period described in the book, Kerouac had become greatly interested in Buddhism.  He describes himself as a \\"bhikku\\" -- a Buddhist monk -- and had been celibate for a year when the book begins.  I have been studying Buddhism myself for many years, and it is easy to underestimate Kerouac's understanding of Buddhism.  As with many authors, he was wiser in his writing that he was in his life.  There is a sense of the sadness and changeable character of existence and of the value of compassion for all beings that comes through eloquently in \\"The Dharma Bums.\\" Smith and Ryder have many discussions about Buddhism  -- at various levels of seriousness -- during the course of the novel.  Ryder tends to use Buddhism to be critical of and alienated from American society and its excessive materialism and devotion to frivolity such as television.  Smith has the broader vision and sees compassion and understanding as a necessary part of the lives of everyone.  Smith tends to be more meditative and quiet in his Buddhist practice -- he spends a great deal of time in the book sitting and \\"doing nothing\\" while Ryder is generally active and on the go, hiking, chopping wood, studying, or womanizing.  At the end of the book, he leaves for an extended trip to Japan.  (He and Kerouac would never see each other again.)<br /><br />\\"The Dharma Bums\\" offers a picture of a portion of American Buddhism during the 1950s.  It also offers a portrayal of what has been called the \\"rucksack revolution\\" as Smith and Ryder take to the outdoors, and, in a lengthy and famous section of the book, climb the \\"Matterhorn\\" in California's Sierra Mountains.  In the final chapters of the book, Kerouac spends eight isolated weeks on Desolation Peak in the Cascades as a fire watchman.  He comes back yearning for human company.<br /><br />Sexuality plays an important role in the book, against the backdrop of what is described as the repressed 1950's, as young girls are drawn to Ryder and he willingly shares them with an initially reluctant Smith.  The book includes scenes of wild parties tinged, for Smith, with sadness, in which people of both sexes dance naked, get physically involved, and drink heavily.  Near the end of the book, Ryder offers Smith a prophetic warning the alcoholism which would shortly thereafter ruin Kerouac's life.<br /><br />\\"The Dharma Bums\\" is a fundamentally American book and it is full of love for the places of America, for the opportunity it offers for spiritual exploration, and for its people.  Kerouac's compassion was hard earned.  In his introduction to a later book, \\"The Lonesome Traveller\\" he<br />aptly described his books as involving the \\"preachment of universal kindness, which hysterial critics have failed to notice beneath frenetic activity of my true-story novels about the 'beat' generation.  -- Am actually not 'beat' but strange solitary crazy Catholic mystic.\\"  I found a feeling of spirituality, of love of life in the face of vicissitudes, and of America in \\"The Dharma Bums.\\"  The work was indeed a popularization.  But Kerouac's vision may ultimately have been broad.<br /><br />Robin Friedmanprophetic warning the alcoholism which would shortly thereafter ruin Kerouac's life.    \\"The Dharma Bums\\" is a fundamentally American book and it is full of love for the places of America, for the opportunity it offers for spiritual exploration, and for its people.  Kerouac's compassion was hard earned.  In his introduction to a later book, \\"The Lonesome Traveller\\" he  aptly described his books as involving the \\"preachment of universal kindness, which hysterial critics have failed to notice beneath frenetic activity of my true-story novels about the 'beat' generation.  -- Am actually not 'beat' but strange solitary crazy Catholic mystic.\\"  I found a feeling of spirituality, of love of life in the face of vicissitudes, and of America in \\"The Dharma Bums.\\"  The work was indeed a popularization.  But Kerouac's vision may ultimately have been broad.    Robin Friedman
B000OYC3J8|5.0|Am I the only one who actually LIKED the White Stripes' last album, Get Behind Me Satan? I really enjoyed, and appreciated its differences from their previous albums as much as I appreciate the differences on this one. Every track is well written, well sung, and beyond excellently well played. I like the fact that these artists are willing to grow and change and try to new things. What would be the point of putting out the same thing every album? That would be boring.    In some reviews, the Stripes have been compared to Led Zeppelin, which I don't agree with. The influence is there, but Jack's voice is a million times more pleasing to the ear, and I own all the White Stripes albums, but not one Led Zeppelin.    This album is unique, full of personality (especially on \\"Rag and Bone\\"), very rockin' from start to finish, and is a bit more, well, THUMPing, than the last one--it has more guitar and drums, is faster paced, and has less piano and dramatic pauses. It does follow the formula of Meg voicing a song entirely by herself (St. Andrew), but she seems to join in much more in the vocals with Jack on other songs on this one as well, which I really like. The lyrics are both catchy and meaningful. There is not a single track I skip over. I can't think of anything bad to say about this one really. If you haven't heard it yet, please do. You won't regret it.    . . . I just tried to recommend my favorite tracks from this album, but I ended up typing almost all of them! :P This album is very good. Give it a few repeated listens, let it sink in like a good glass of wine, and enjoy. :)
B000OVLBEO|1.0|Nicholas Cage is a bad actor. This movie isn't even a real testemant to that cause it is a bad movie. Cage has reached a level in his movies that can only be surpassed by the hammy Burt Reynolds when his career was going down the tubes. Cage hams it up in every scene doing his quirk/Elvis/hambone gimmick that is so over used and over done by him that it is like, \\"why is he getting paid to do this?\\" and \\"why am I paying to see it?\\" I am a comics fan and I read Ghost Rider. Cage is totally miscast. But I guess when you have a ton of money and you are 'over' as a 'star' you get to play any part you want. Peter Fonda is good as Mephisto and Eva Mendes is hot but this movie just sucks. Cage is horrible and the movie is not half as fun or entertaining as it could have been if a good writer and director had taken the reigns and fired hambone droopy face. Sam Elliot is good... as usual.
0316067598|1.0|Just got this book and was very dissapointed.  I could only get to chapter three before getting bored with the writers arogance.  Here was a person that was so in love with himself it bordered on narcissism.  His view of the world was narrow minded and at the same time it showed how blind he was to how politics, war and life are all in the same boat.  Sad
B000BW7QWW|5.0|When I first saw Serenity I had no idea it had been made after a cancelled TV series. Fortunately the movie stands completely on its own. Extremely well written, acted and directed, this was what I had been waiting to see for a long time in the realm of Sci-Fi.  Needless to say I was immediately addicted and became a fan of the series too.   Everyone who still wants to see how great moviemaking can be, should watch this at least once in their life. Or twice. Or every week...
0141184884|5.0|Following the success of \\"On the Road\\", Kerouac's publishers initially rejected his manuscripts such as \\"The Subterraneans\\" and \\"Tristessa.\\" But his publisher asked him to write an accessible, popular novel continuing with the themes of \\"On the Road.\\" Kerouac responded with \\"The Dharma Bums\\" which was published late in 1958. \\"The Dharma Bums\\" is more conventionally written that most of Kerouac's other books, with short, generally clear sentences and a story line that is optimistic on the whole. The book was critiqued by Allen Ginsberg and others close to Kerouac as a \\"travelogue\\" and as over-sentimentalized. But with the exception of \\"On the Road\\", \\"The Dharma Bums\\" remains Kerouac's most widely read work. I had the opportunity to reread \\"The Dharma Bums\\" and came away from the book deeply moved.<br /><br />As are all of Kerouac's novels, \\"The Dharma Bums\\" is autobiographical. It is based upon Kerouac's life between 1956--1957 -- before \\"On the Road\\" appeared and made Kerouac famous. The book focuses upon the relationship between Kerouac, who in the book is called Ray Smith and his friend, the poet Gary Snyder, called Japhy Ryder, ten years Kerouac's junior. Kerouac died in 1969, while Snyder is still alive and a highly regarded poet. Allen Ginsberg (Alvah Goldbrook) and Neal Cassady (Cody Pomeray), among others, also are characters in the book. Most of the book is set in San Francisco and its environs, but there are scenes of Kerouac's restless and extensive travelling by hitchiking, walking, jumping freight trains, and taking buses, as he visits Mexico, and his mother's home in Rocky Mount, North Carolina during the course of the book.<br /><br />The strenght of \\"The Dharma Bums\\" lies in its scenes of spiritual seriousness and meditation. During the period described in the book, Kerouac had become greatly interested in Buddhism. He describes himself as a \\"bhikku\\" -- a Buddhist monk -- and had been celibate for a year when the book begins. I have been studying Buddhism myself for many years, and it is easy to underestimate Kerouac's understanding of Buddhism. As with many authors, he was wiser in his writing that he was in his life. There is a sense of the sadness and changeable character of existence and of the value of compassion for all beings that comes through eloquently in \\"The Dharma Bums.\\" Smith and Ryder have many discussions about Buddhism -- at various levels of seriousness -- during the course of the novel. Ryder tends to use Buddhism to be critical of and alienated from American society and its excessive materialism and devotion to frivolity such as television. Smith has the broader vision and sees compassion and understanding as a necessary part of the lives of everyone. Smith tends to be more meditative and quiet in his Buddhist practice -- he spends a great deal of time in the book sitting and \\"doing nothing\\" while Ryder is generally active and on the go, hiking, chopping wood, studying, or womanizing. At the end of the book, he leaves for an extended trip to Japan. (He and Kerouac would never see each other again.)<br /><br />\\"The Dharma Bums\\" offers a picture of a portion of American Buddhism during the 1950s. It also offers a portrayal of what has been called the \\"rucksack revolution\\" as Smith and Ryder take to the outdoors, and, in a lengthy and famous section of the book, climb the \\"Matterhorn\\" in California's Sierra Mountains. In the final chapters of the book, Kerouac spends eight isolated weeks on Desolation Peak in the Cascades as a fire watchman. He comes back yearning for human company.<br /><br />Sexuality plays an important role in the book, against the backdrop of what is described as the repressed 1950's, as young girls are drawn to Ryder and he willingly shares them with an initially reluctant Smith. The book includes scenes of wild parties tinged, for Smith, with sadness, in which people of both sexes dance naked, get physically involved, and drink heavily. Near the end of the book, Ryder offers Smith a prophetic warning the alcoholism which would shortly thereafter ruin Kerouac's life.<br /><br />\\"The Dharma Bums\\" is a fundamentally American book and it is full of love for the places of America, for the opportunity it offers for spiritual exploration, and for its people. Kerouac's compassion was hard earned. In his introduction to a later book, \\"The Lonesome Traveller\\" he<br />aptly described his books as involving the \\"preachment of universal kindness, which hysterial critics have failed to notice beneath frenetic activity of my true-story novels about the 'beat' generation. -- Am actually not 'beat' but strange solitary crazy Catholic mystic.\\" I found a feeling of spirituality, of love of life in the face of vicissitudes, and of America in \\"The Dharma Bums.\\" The work was indeed a popularization. But Kerouac's vision may ultimately have been broad.<br /><br />Robin Friedmanthe alcoholism which would shortly thereafter ruin Kerouac's life.     \\"The Dharma Bums\\" is a fundamentally American book and it is full of love for the places of America, for the opportunity it offers for spiritual exploration, and for its people. Kerouac's compassion was hard earned. In his introduction to a later book, \\"The Lonesome Traveller\\" he   aptly described his books as involving the \\"preachment of universal kindness, which hysterial critics have failed to notice beneath frenetic activity of my true-story novels about the 'beat' generation. -- Am actually not 'beat' but strange solitary crazy Catholic mystic.\\" I found a feeling of spirituality, of love of life in the face of vicissitudes, and of America in \\"The Dharma Bums.\\" The work was indeed a popularization. But Kerouac's vision may ultimately have been broad.     Robin Friedman
B00005JPLW|4.0|I think this was a good movie if you look at it for what it is, superheroes and super villians. It is based on the Frank Miller graphic novel/comic book and that is exactly what it is. It is full of steroided up beefcake and exagerated characters doing 'super deeds'. They spout jingoistic ultra patriotic jargon and all the villians are portrayed as either monsters or evil super villians.<br /><br />I found the movie entertaining but I don't think it is a great history lesson or anything like that. Just a good action/superhero movie.
B00003XB8K|5.0|I believe this to be 1 of Enigma's 2 best albums. It compares very well to  MCMXC A.D. but in a different light. MXMXC was more electronic classical. This CD is more European Classical meets Japanese Taiko Drumming. Booming bass and great sound effect. It really cries out to be played on great audio equipment and really good speakers. It just won't be as good on your car CD player and only degrades more though headphones. So listening to your IPod or a portable CD players will greatly reduce the experience. This cd demands an auditorium to fully enjoy the smorgasbord of musical experience. Go chase down your audiophile friend and listen to this album on his stereo. You'll see what I mean.
B00068TJM6|4.0|This is a fantastic slide-rule watch for the price you're paying for it.  The build quality is rock solid and the pushbuttons screw down firmly.  And it has an alarm and the accuracy of quartz.  The manual is a good practical introduction to using the slide rule functions.    However, it is not a Breitling Navitimer.  My main gripe about the SNA411 is the design of the bezel and face.  It's just too busy!  It has many different scales: a compass scale, a bezel log scale, a dial log scale, a conversion scale, a tachymeter scale, and a time scale.  It's difficult to make out the numbers on each scale without squinting.    Also, the 10 on the dial log scale and the bezel log scale aren't highlighted in any special color, making it hard to make out when doing multiplication/division.    But don't get me wrong: for the price (a couple hundred dollars - cheaper on eBay), this is a great watch and a fantastic deal.  Frustration, sometimes, but no regrets.
B00005JPMZ|2.0|As a child my number one passion in all the world was pro wrestling, but coming in a close second were these stupid ninja turtles. Don't ask me why, and no I don't honestly think that they are somehow better than Transformers or He-Man or whatever your obsession was. So now I am the target demographic for this movie, a man child who never grew up and thus has a nostalgia for all things green plus excess time and money. The problem is that the film is kind of a stinker and even I can't ignore that. Let's start off with the animation which was quite loudly outsourced overseas and was thus produced as a deeply discounted rate. The end result is a second rate job, but considering the sweet deal they got I'm sure the Weinstein's aren't shedding any tears over the quality of the look. What they should be crying over, however, is the dialogue for this movie which I would classify as abysmal. And seriously, I'm not looking for scholarly work here, just a little bit more snap than calling a hairy bad guy Fuzzy Wuzzy. Especially when we consider just how jaded these kids are nowadays, there is no way these jokes worked on anybody other than parents trying to pretend that they are no longer jaded.<br /><br />What the film does basically is tell a dull, generic story that is just a bloated TV episode. This one involves a tiff between Leonardo and Raphael over a difference in personality. We pick things up as the Turtles are getting over their glory days and moving on to the next stage of their life. But Raphael is unwilling to accept this and unable to get over his hero urges, so at night he moonlights as Batman. Leonardo, taking his talking points from Splinter, takes offense and tries to reel in the rebel. To me vigilantism is a big ole waste of energy but not necessarily inferior to the stoic restraint that Leonardo is trying to sell. But alas this is a kids movie and so there must be a lesson to be learned and here it is the importance of top down mentality as the underlings (read: slackers and free thinkers) must take their orders from Splinter (since we learned in \\"Karate Kid\\" that an Asian accent equals wisdom above all) and his assistant manager Leonardo. The rest is just a blast of white noise. The characters crack wise (or kind of try to) and then fight some bad guys. Evil is overcome and consequences are non-existent.<br /><br />I have no animosity towards this movie, only to say that had I spent $11 on it at a Manhattan theatre I would've viewed that as a poor investment. So instead I paid $0.99 thanks to Amazon Unbox and for a little while forgot about all the debilitating relationship woes I am going through. There is really nothing here to excite the former fans of the show. Other than bringing back the same characters the mythology is not tapped into or advanced... at times it is even desecrated... like do you remember the episode where April is trained as a samurai? Plus the monsters were corny and interchangeable, or straight out of a Saturday morning cartoon.  Most of them simply looked like escapees from early Crash Bandicoot. The voice acting is fine but nothing anybody will ever be proud of. And when the movie ended I simply shrugged my shoulders. . .and wondered if maybe they'd make another one of these movies, because for a dollar I'd totally watch it. **1/2slackers and free thinkers) must take their orders from Splinter (since we learned in \\"Karate Kid\\" that an Asian accent equals wisdom above all) and his assistant manager Leonardo. The rest is just a blast of white noise. The characters crack wise (or kind of try to) and then fight some bad guys. Evil is overcome and consequences are non-existent.     I have no animosity towards this movie, only to say that had I spent $11 on it at a Manhattan theatre I would've viewed that as a poor investment. So instead I paid $0.99 thanks to Amazon Unbox and for a little while forgot about all the debilitating relationship woes I am going through. There is really nothing here to excite the former fans of the show. Other than bringing back the same characters the mythology is not tapped into or advanced... at times it is even desecrated... like do you remember the episode where April is trained as a samurai? Plus the monsters were corny and interchangeable, or straight out of a Saturday morning cartoon.  Most of them simply looked like escapees from early Crash Bandicoot. The voice acting is fine but nothing anybody will ever be proud of. And when the movie ended I simply shrugged my shoulders. . .and wondered if maybe they'd make another one of these movies, because for a dollar I'd totally watch it. **1/2
B0008KLVG4|5.0|ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES OF ALL TIME. THE STORY IS VERY SCARY AT TIMES. THE ACTING IS GREAT ALL AROUND. THE SHARK SCENES ARE GREAT. EVEN I JUMP AT TIMES AND SCENE THIS MOVIE OVER A HUNDRED TIMES. THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY IS A GREAT BUY. I LOVE THE TWO HOUR DOCUMENTARY, IT IS VERY DETAILED AND DAZZLING. THIS DVD COMES WITH SOME PROMOTINAL FEATURES LIKE PICTURES FROM THE MOVIE. THERE IS SOME DELEATED SCENES WITH SOME OUTTAKES. BUT WHAT REALLY LOVE ABOUT THIS DVD IS THE CLEAR PICTURE AND OF COURSE A DTS SOUND. I AGREE WITH A LOT OF REVIEWERS WITH THIS MOVIE COMING OUT WITH NEW EDITIONS. THE ONLY THING DIFFERNT FROM THIS VERSION AND THE 25TH ANNIVERARY IS THE WHOLE TWO HOUR DOCUMENTARY AND A RARE INTERVIEW WITH SPIELBERG. BUT I ALWAYS BUY THE NEW EDITIONS THAT COME OUT BECAUSE I'M A SUCKER FOR THIS MOVIE. DON'T BOTHER TO OWN AN DVD PLAYER IF YOU DON'T PUT THIS CLASSIC IN YOUR COLLECTION.
B0000089FS|3.0|Luis Mejia (son) - Reginald Dwight, better known as Elton John, mildly recovered from his strong life problems at the time of the album's release; he had a throat surgery and his bandmates and collaborators were back in his side, even though Elton still kept a serious drug and alcohol addiction, but I don't blame this for the foolishness of this album, so as far as I'm concerned the best rock and roll, hard rock and heavy metal were composed just under the same conditions. Also Bernie Taupin's life problems were slightly converted into the songs' composition. Anyway, the album still keeps some classic 80's sounds, not very potential though the album keeps a vague, nauseatic synthesized sounds structure, with some slight rock and roll, average balladries, slight rock and roll, it even contains some of the bastardized disco vibe. The album's moods are mellodic,enviromental, dance and mellow. I may sound tough, so why 3 stars? Well, there are a little set of songs that are saved from being terrible, like the undertaking, fine balladry A Word In Spanish, also a slight hit; I Don't Wanna Go On With You Like That, which is a dance style song, possessing great mellodies and a great electric piano performance; Japanese Hands, although not an original or very creative tune, it stays apart from the heavily synthesized structure, its an ambient effort by Elton John. Heavy Traffic is the only song co-written by David Johnstone, being maybe the best song in the album, it keeps some of the catchy, 70's style that gave fame to Elton; Poor Cow, although still being a nauseatic synthesized song, it retains some nice mellodies but Bernie Taupin's lyrics seem to go nowhere. Finally, Since God Invented Girls is a tribute ballad with a touch of sensitivity. Elton John's keyboards domine the record, but spitefully, he didn't made an space for his fantastic piano performance. Also, I've always considerated that this album would had been a lot better, even if they didn't change the mellodies, but if synthesizers are gonna take place, James Newton Howard is the man. The only highlight in the album is the guitar presence of The Who Pete Townshend, although he only played, poorly by the way, in the uneven, common first track, Town Of Plenty. In conclussion I strongly agree that his real comeback was in The One, this albums keeps an 80's synthesized vibe unappreciateable for even strong Elton John's fans, well, like me for example.es, but if synthesizers are gonna take place, James Newton Howard is the man. The only highlight in the album is the guitar presence of The Who Pete Townshend, although he only played, poorly by the way, in the uneven, common first track, Town Of Plenty. In conclussion I strongly agree that his real comeback was in The One, this albums keeps an 80's synthesized vibe unappreciateable for even strong Elton John's fans, well, like me for example.
B00006674X|2.0|Whoever came up with this lame contrived story and thought it would be good?<br /><br />Enter Elvis as inner-city free-clinic MD takin' care of business and gettin' All Shook Up over Mary Tyler Moore: coy rent-a-nurse-by-day, secretly a bride of Christ by night.<br /><br />The sexual tension is palpable.  You know their 'romance' is doomed. She wants The King, but she's already Promised to Another.<br /><br />We're also cruelly tantalized by the lovely Barbara McNair as--you guessed it--Mary's foxy-nun nurse-buddy, Sister Irene.  None of the Sisters at MY Catholic school looked as good as these two.<br /><br />There aren't even any good songs in this Hound Dog of a movie.  I don't remember \\"Rubberneckin'\\", but I'm sure the Elvis fans do.  \\"Change of Habit\\", \\"Have a Happy\\", \\"Let Us Pray\\"----Presley chartbusters one and all.
0761944524|4.0|Andy's book is an excellent aid in learning statistics. If you want the executive summary (aka cliff notes), Andy provides sections where you can get a quick overview of a specific test. If you want the details, Andy provides those also in his book.    I used his book to help me in my doctoral quest, when I was in my second statistics class as a supplemental text. However, it is of a quality that any person seeking to learn more about stats will come away with knowledge of how stats can help us know more about the world in which we live.
B000QQH4YS|5.0|ROBOCOP (20TH ANNIVERSARY COLLECTOR'S STEELBOOK EDITON) PUTS THE OTHER EDITIONS TO SHAME. I HAD RECENTLY PURCHASED THE ROBOCOP TRILOGY JUST SO I COULD GET THE FIRST FILM IN THE UNRATED VERSION WITH SPECIAL FEATURES AND 5.1 SURROUND SOUND. BUT THIS UPCOMING EDITION OF ROBOCOP LOOKS FAR SUPERIOR. THE FIRST THING I NOTICED IS THAT THIS EDITION HAS A 5.1 DTS SURROUND SOUND. AND ANY DVD THAT CONTAINS A DTS IS ALWAYS WORTH GETTING. THE VERSION IN THE TRILOGY DOESN'T HAVE A DTS. THE OTHER THING THAT I NOTICED IS THAT THIS EDITION WILL HAVE ALL OF THE SAME SPECIAL FEATURES THAT ARE IN THE TRILOGY PLUS A SECOND DISC WITH MORE SPECIAL FEATURES. AND OF COURSE, THIS EDITION HAS THE UNRATED VERSION. THIS DISC WILL CONTAIN EXACTLY ...    DISC ONE.  COMMENTARY WITH DIRECTOR PAUL VERHOEVEN, WRITER ED NEUMEIER, AND EXECUTIVE PRODUCER JON DAVISON. FLESH AND STEEL: THE MAKING OF ROBOCOP FEATURETTE. SHOOTING ROBOCOP FEATURETTE. MAKING ROBOCOP FEATURETTE. THE BOARDROOM: STORYBOARD WITH COMMENATARY WITH ANIMATOR PHIL TIPPETT. DELETED SCENES. PHOTO GALLERY. ORIGIANL THEATRICAL TRAILER. TV SPOTS.    DISC TWO.  VILLIANS OF OLD DETRIOT FEATURETTE. SPECIAL EFFECTS: THEN AND NOW FEATURETTE. ROBOCOP: CREATING A LEGEND FEATURETTE.    5.1 DTS/ 5.1 SURROUND SOUND/ORIGANIAL 4.0 DOLBY SURROUND, SUBTITLED IN ENGLISH AND SPANISH, UNRATED VERSION.    ROBOCOP IS ONE OF THE BEST SCI/FI ACTION THRILLERS OF ALL TIME. I KNOW THAT WHEN PEOPLE FIRST HEAR THE TITLE, THEY THINK THAT THIS IS PROBABLY A LITTLE KIDS MOVIE. BUT WHEN THEY SEE THE MOVIE, THEY'RE IN FOR A RUDE AWAKENING. THIS IS ALSO ONE OF THE MOST VIOLENT FILMS OF ALL TIME ESPECIALLY IN THE UNRATED VERSION. WHICH CONTAINS EVEN MORE GRAPHIC VIOLENCE AND AT THE TIME GOT AN 'X' RATING BECAUSE THE VIOLENCE WAS TO INTENSE AND REMAINS RAW TODAY. BUT IF YOU CAN GET THROUGH THE FIRST HALF HOUR AND DESPITE THE FACT THIS MOVIE HAS A SILLY TITLE, ROBOCOP STILL REMAINS A SHARP, SLICK, SLAM-BANG ACTION ADVENTURE. BUY THIS!
1594489505|5.0|With every page turned I was both educated and entranced into this story of lives overseas. The culture slapped me in the face and brought smiles at other times. How amazingly he was able to produce in words the feelings that women have as they go through difficulties that affect us.
B000NA2776|5.0|Welcome to the United States Mika!  I loved this album so much, I went out and joined the online fan club, and I'm a 39 year old mother of 3!    Take a listen to \\"My Interpretation\\"  .... Brilliant!      The whole album is just fantastic.
B00004RF83|5.0|Here is a film that just might be less effective were it filmed in color.  Built around a not-so-improbable scenario involving a plan by a powerful, popular, and charismatic Air Force Four-Star General to take over the US government during the Cold War, the story certainly has a \\"dark side.\\"  The cast of the film is obviously top-notch, as the published synopsis shows, and the roles are played with exceptional believability.<br /><br />In this review, I will not cover the story line, just in case there are those out there who have not viewed the film.  But I have rarely seen an entire cast who have played their roles with such evenness and veracity, despite the intensity of the story.  With other actors, the potential for over-acting would be tremendous.  It develops quickly and has enough twists and turns to suggest an Agatha Christie connection.
B000M39SYE|1.0|Michael Moore has something personal against President Bush because this wasn't a documentary, it was a personal attack, and he has no idea of Bush's motives or even the way Bush thinks.  I don't agree with everything President Bush has done, but if I were to try and create an anti-Bush documentary, I certainly wouldn't make it so personal with fewer facts than sarcasm.
B000000W6F|4.0|Like Radiohead's Pablo Honey (or the Beatles' Please Please Me - the Beatles are my favorite band, so I like to use them as examples in my reviews as much as possible), Gish is sort of the stereotypical debut album. But while Pablo Honey is the stereotypical bad debut album in that it features the group doing more to imitate current trends than actually stake out on their own (though when Radiohead DID stake out on their own, man... it was amazing), and Please Please Me is the stereotypical average debut in that it shows a lot of promise but doesn't achieve it consistently, Gish is the stereotypical good debut, as it features the Pumpkins carving out their own niche. Nothing here's as good as highlights on Siamese Dream or Mellon Collie, with the arguable exception of the dreamy Rhinoceros, but that doesn't matter: Judged on its own terms, Gish is pretty good.<br />As I said before, you can hear rumblings of the Pumpkins' personality already: the groundwork for their heavy rockers is laid on pounding tunes with layered guitars like I Am One, Siva, Snail and Bury Me: meanwhile, Suffer, Rhinoceros and Daydream (with bassist D'arcy taking a rare lead vocal: she sounds a lot like an American Nico, actually) let you know what the more restrained Pumpkin tunes would be like. There's no Cherub Rock, Zero, Tonight Tonight or Disarm here, but nobody said there had to be: expecting a group to come out with something as good as those songs during their first run-through is simply ridiculous (only a handful of bands managed that, and most are bands like Pearl Jam or the Doors who never managed to top or even equal their first records). And while Billy's still getting his songwriting straightened out, and while most of these songs are merely good rather than fantastic, only Crush and Window Pane bug me.  None of the Pumpkins are great musicians: James Iha has to be the essence of \\"average lead guitarist\\", though he looks cool - but that never really meant a thing because the group members rarely soloed, and they're perfectly good at keeping the songs together, so cool.<br />I do recommend Gish, but I have to point a newcomer to the group to Siamese Dream and Mellon Collie & the Infinite Sadness first. If you like them, this is a good companion.p members rarely soloed, and they're perfectly good at keeping the songs together, so cool.   I do recommend Gish, but I have to point a newcomer to the group to Siamese Dream and Mellon Collie & the Infinite Sadness first. If you like them, this is a good companion.
0312370830|4.0|This is a story of two families.  For most of the book, de Rosnay's terse style keeps the narratives from the maudlin.  Sarah's story, especially, is delicately presented.  No, the full historical horror of the Vel d'Hiv roundup isn't here, but the microcosm of one girl's experience is perhaps more painful to absorb, since it can't easily be held at a distance by the reader.<br /><br />Julia is a very believable narrator for most of the book, presenting enough detail about her life in Paris to draw us in, but not getting lost in introspection.  Her inability to articulate a tidily logical motivation for her fascination with Sarah's story is more convincing than pages of psychological gymnastics.<br /><br />The flaw is in the ending.  Both Sarah's and Julia's narratives cry out for a larger meaning, for significance.  History has provided that for Sarah, to some degree.  But if Sarah's story is too large for a single meaning, Julia's may be too small.  And the author seems to feel that, having ended one narrative without the intervention of any element of the formally romantic, she should give imagiation and emotion free reign with the second story.  The natural denouement passes thirty pages before the book ends, which is a pity.  With De Rosnay's attempt at closure, the novel sinks quietly into the banal.<br /><br />But, sans the last 30 pages, it is a fascinating book.
0385338902|5.0|This guy is the real deal. I've read all his books now and I don't think he's capable of writing a bad sentence. If you want to know how men think, read Jonathan Tropper.
B00005JMK0|5.0|Judy and I saw this movie when it first came out...It made us just \\"feel good\\" about our love and the beauty of San Francisco...When I see the trailers or listen to the music on You Tube, it brings tears to my eyes..I've never loved like that again and doubt if I ever will...I just bought the VHS version (used) and will probably feel the same joys and pain as when we saw it together..It would be really nice if they put this on DVD..Doc Michael
B000000WA4|4.0|Mellon Collie is a very good album, but I have a couple reservations about it. My biggest problem is the sheer LENGTH of this thing. Two hours, and twenty-eight tracks. Now most of them are good: disc one is especially solid, with one glaring exception (I can't get into the industrial-prog epic Porcelina of Vast Oceans) - Take Me Down isn't great either, but it's passable country-grunge. It is loaded with most the rockers on this disc, and all of those are loud but melodic, punishing but worthwhile: Jellybelly, Zero, Here is No Why, Fjordk You (An Ode to No One) - of course, that's not its real title - Here Is No Why, Love, Muzzle and of course Bullet with Butterfly Wings. I know Bullet was a huge hit, and it's a cool song: the tension buildup and release hits hard, and there are some memorable lyrics. However, there are also some regrettable ones: as catchy as the chorus is, I find the lyric \\"Despite all my rage I am still just a rat in a cage\\" nauseating LCM angst. It's better than anything Limp Bizkit could do - that's a no-brainer - but there are quite a few better songs on this album. I've gotta salute its awesome video, though, and it's a song I really enjoy. Anyway, they also do the soft, sensitive stuff quite well: Tonight, Tonight is a longtime favorite of mine. It got me into the group after I saw its top-notch video (arguably the best I've ever seen - the Pumpkins are one of the few groups who make consistently amazing music videos) at the Hard Rock Cafe. And the songwriting drew me in as well: Billy can really write an emotional, meaningful song, and he really proves it here. To make things even better, the string-based melody is dramatic without being over-the-top. And then there's my favorite part: the buildup near the end, where it keeps getting louder and more intense, Billy practically screaming \\"Believe in me as I believe in you...\\", and then the whole band drops out and he whispers, \\"Tonight...\\", then you get the \\"Doot, doot, doooooo...\\", and it cuts off. (sorry for the rather immature description - I know a heck of a lot more about music than that passage implies). Wonderful, lovely song there. I'd also add the almost Disarm-like Cupid De Locke; Galapagos and the instrumental title track to the good list.<br />Disc two is where the problems slowly start to set in. There are still quite a few solid songs: Where Boys Fear to Tread, Bodies, and X.Y.U. all fall in the same category as Bullet with Butterfly Wings and the like, and are all highlights as a result; Thru the Eyes of Ruby has a great proggy atmosphere; Thirty-Three, Beautiful, and Luna (My One and Only) are more of those stunning ballads; and 1979 is... well, 1979: a triumph of Billy's amazing songwriting abilities, propelled almost entirely by tape loops and D'Arcy's best bass line. They even get away with a screwy music-hall thing (We Only Come Out at Night) that would've faltered in the hands of a lesser songwriter. However, some of it's simply awful, like the jarring feedback experiment Tales of Scorched Earth (aaaah!), and some of the atmospheric, introspective songs that the group usually excels at (Disarm, anyone?) falter: I'm just bored by In the Arms of Sleep, Starlight, and the CSN-esque (there's a surprise influence!) Farewell and Goodnight.<br />I'm torn between four and four-and-a-half stars with this one: really, bump off Scorched Earth and I'd go with that rating. I do think that Siamese Dream is the Pumpkins' best album, but do give Mellon Collie a listen. It's perhaps a bit overhyped, but still a very rewarding, memorable album with all kinds of good songs on it.uts off. (sorry for the rather immature description - I know a heck of a lot more about music than that passage implies). Wonderful, lovely song there. I'd also add the almost Disarm-like Cupid De Locke; Galapagos and the instrumental title track to the good list.   Disc two is where the problems slowly start to set in. There are still quite a few solid songs: Where Boys Fear to Tread, Bodies, and X.Y.U. all fall in the same category as Bullet with Butterfly Wings and the like, and are all highlights as a result; Thru the Eyes of Ruby has a great proggy atmosphere; Thirty-Three, Beautiful, and Luna (My One and Only) are more of those stunning ballads; and 1979 is... well, 1979: a triumph of Billy's amazing songwriting abilities, propelled almost entirely by tape loops and D'Arcy's best bass line. They even get away with a screwy music-hall thing (We Only Come Out at Night) that would've faltered in the hands of a lesser songwriter. However, some of it's simply awful, like the jarring feedback experiment Tales of Scorched Earth (aaaah!), and some of the atmospheric, introspective songs that the group usually excels at (Disarm, anyone?) falter: I'm just bored by In the Arms of Sleep, Starlight, and the CSN-esque (there's a surprise influence!) Farewell and Goodnight.  I'm torn between four and four-and-a-half stars with this one: really, bump off Scorched Earth and I'd go with that rating. I do think that Siamese Dream is the Pumpkins' best album, but do give Mellon Collie a listen. It's perhaps a bit overhyped, but still a very rewarding, memorable album with all kinds of good songs on it.
B000GFLKF8|4.0|This is a very good variation on the classic heist movie. A top quality cast all give fine performances, resulting in an entertaining and intelligent film. This second quality is important, since we've all seen heist movies before, but this one adds something extra to proceedings by making the owner of the bank (the as always excellent Christopher Plummer) a leading player in film for reasons that only become obvious in the 2nd half of the film.<br /><br />This is more mainstream, than most Spike Lee films but he still stamps his own vision on the film. We should also be grateful that Spike realises the futility of buildings and cars exploding. Perhaps hollywood will learn one day. It goes without saying that the direction is good and the script equally so. Denzel Washington shares the acting honours with Plummer, if only because Clive Owen is behind a mask most of the time.<br /><br />I have only seen the film once, but can imagine that it will improve with a few more viewings. Recommended.
B0000009SE|5.0|This is one of FZ's best.  It has 2 of his best instrumental tracks ever with Big Swifty and the title track.  This is full blown jazz/rock fusion from our friend Frank.  It was really popular at the time (Miles Davis was peaking around this time with his fusion), and Frank made some great contributions.  I love Big Swifty, one of Zappa's greatest epics.  Running a wonderful 17 1/2 minutes, it starts out with a great horn intro.  The electric piano solo (by Don Preston) is really quite gentle and beautiful.  It's done with a strange rhythm track in the background, giving it a beautiful but somewhat tense vibe.  I love electric piano music.  The title track is one of the most majestic songs Zappa ever did.  It starts out like Big Swifty, but ends with a great flourish of trumpets, bells, and chimes.  This album has some beautifully understated and gentle passages (especially during Preston's piano solo in Big Swifty), something Zappa wasn't really known for.  The 2 songs with vocals, Your Mouth and It Might Just Be a One Shot Deal, are throwaways and nowhere as memorable as the instrumentals, but they're still worth a listen or two.  Most of Frank's work is exemplary, and Waka/Jawaka is one of his best albums.
006019250X|2.0|I would have to say the only thing preventing this from a 1 star ranking from me is that the overall message is rather harmless. Unfortunately the writing style may cause headaches and eyestrain. It's very repetitive and inelegant, and very self-aware. the story is VERY religious, and very predictable. I think the biggest problem I had with this book is that it is a modern attempt at an ancient style. What makes fables and ancient text appealing to me is the connectedness I feel with people and places that are centuries old. This is nothing more than a hijacking of the fable mechanism transformed to modern new-age fluff. I'd suggest it for kids, but I think most adults will find themselves rolling their eyes at the heavy handed cliche's found in this highly overrated beach book
B00004WP7P|5.0|Three Nirvana albums have achieved deservedly legendary status. First off is their legendary second album, Nevermind, which requires no further introduction: I like it enough to give it four stars, but I think it's the weakest of their \\"classic three\\". Next is obviously this one, and third is my personal favorite, Unplugged in New York (Who'd have guessed something MTV endorsed could've ended up that good?) This is one of the most honest albums I've ever heard, rivaling only John Lennon's Plastic Ono Band and Joni Mitchell's Blue. It's almost shocking how Cobain bares his soul on songs like the beautiful but depressing All Apologies (one of their best), the forceful hard rocker Serve the Servants, and the haunting, tension-building Heart Shaped Box, with one of the strangest videos I've ever seen. Kurt constantly lashes out against his fame (Pennyroyal Tea, another great track), and while sometimes the lyrics are frankly disturbing (the controversial R*pe Me; the uber-heavy Scentless Apprentice; the lingering Dumb, with prominent cello, with Cobain mentioning sniffing glue in an eerie detached, almost bored tune), they're still powerful - so are the melodies. There is a bit of humor found on this mostly dark album, in the form of the underproduced, feedback-drenched, Bleach-like Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge on Seattle (great title!) and the cynical, twisted take on grunge Radio Friendly Unit Shifter: both are excellent additions to the Nirvana catalog. And the sheer burst of anger and frustration we call Tourette's is kind of tough to listen to - its \\"lyrics\\" are just barking, screaming, and well... things related to Tourette's Syndrome, but it sure sounds cool. A couple songs are rather thin: Very Ape has cool anti-macho man lyrics but a rather poor melody; and Milk It is a rather generic dynamic-shiftin' grungeapalooza, but it's hard to deny the staying power of this one - and Nirvana in general. I'm not too fond of most the groups they inspired, but blaming Nirvana for Green Day is like blaming Jimi Hendrix for hair metal. Albums as honest as this don't come around too often, and when they do, they deserve all the praise they can get.ng Nirvana for Green Day is like blaming Jimi Hendrix for hair metal. Albums as honest as this don't come around too often, and when they do, they deserve all the praise they can get.
6304602979|4.0|Another mix of drugs, violence and humour in this Tony Scott film which has Quentin Tarantino's fingerprints all over it.<br /><br />A top quality cast, with Gary Oldman memorable as a 'black' whiteman pimp and superb lead performances from Slater and Arquette. However the film will always be remembered for the scene where Vincenzo Coccotti (Christopher Walken) interogates Clifford Worley (Dennis Hopper). This scene is fantastic film-making, and of course ultimately it is Quentin Tarantinos brilliant writing that makes it work.<br /><br />Be warned this is an extremly violent movie. There is a lot of swearing as well, and whilst it isn't as good as Pulp Fiction it certainly is a classic 'popcorn' movie. It holds up to repeated viewings and there is not a dull moment to be had.
B000Q6GUTI|3.0|What a surprise!  I expected a typical action movie and watched a political action movie with several references to the Bush administration.  If you do not support the Bush administration, you will like the references to Cheney, etc.  The other reference to the Kennedy assisination is unexpected and simply adds to the surprise.  Finally, if you are a former or current Marine, you will appreciate the shooting seqeuences and attention to detail as expressed in the extras.  Worthy of renting.
B00023B1LC|4.0|The first of the cinematic Jason Bourne trilogy (from the Ludlum books) introduces a hero (?) who, quite literally, has to find himself. Damon plays Bourne, who we meet half-dead, floating around in the ocean, shot in the back and miraculously recovered by career fishermen. When he comes to, he doesn't remember who he is ...<br /><br />... but he does remember how to fight, play spy, break into and out of places, and--of course--kill. Jason Bourne is targeted by the CIA for elimination before he can even rightly appreciate his natural talents. And so goes the setup: Bourne must unravel the mystery of his identity while simultaneously evading government-sponsored assassination. Along the way, he befriends the cutest woebegone gypsy he can find in the American embassy. Naturally--wouldn't be a spy movie without the babe, now, would it?<br /><br />But the Bourne identity works because, for the most part, it plays against the sleek, stylish, type-form of the spy film generated by the Bond franchise. Apart from two scenes of sheer impossibility, the action, and the plot, in this film seem very genuine: a down-in-the-dirt, nasty, and very convincing thriller. The car chase alone, where vehicles slowly crunch into each other instead of erupting into fireballs or being catapulted into flying helicopters, was refreshingly realistic.<br /><br />Good stuff.<br /><br />(This review has been posted by Marcus Damanda, author of the vampire book \\"Teeth: A Horror Fantasy.\\")
B000F1IQN2|5.0|How many more classic films can Spielberg make? I expected this to be good, but a running time of 2hrs 37mins was a black mark in my book before I'd seen a frame. However it is another classic, not as great a film as Schindlers List, but in many ways as moral a tale, but on a smaller scale.<br /><br />How accurate the film is I have no idea, however the opening credits say \\"inspired by true events\\" and the killing of 11 Israeli athletes in the Olympic Village in 1972 did happen and I don't think there is any doubt that revenge in one form or another was sort. In some ways the filmmaking style harks back to the 1970's as well. There is a gritty realism reminisent of the French Connection films here and you won't find a modern \\"high octane\\" thriller here (usually film advertised with that phrase are awful).<br /><br />Eric Bana plays Avner, one of five chosen to find and kill the people who planned the attack. As the film progresses we see the doubts creep into Avner's mind about what he's doing. In fact in essence the message of this movie is \\"killing people f**ks you up\\". The only reason it won't is if you are either already a religious extremist or a complete psychotic. The performances are all good and the rest of the cast is very strong. As well as Bana there is Daniel Craig and Geoffery Rush.<br /><br />This is an intelligent film that asks some serious questions about an eye for an eye etc, but don't let that put you off. It is still a cracking good thriller and Spielberg once again shows why he is the most successful director in the history of cinema, as well as being one the most talented as well (success and talent do not always go together!).
B000MGTQ84|5.0|This, and the other top ten movies, deserve their own category of rating: 5+.  A movie that cannot be reproduced under any circumstances.
B000F1IQN2|3.0|The opening sequence of \\"Munich\\" relies heavily on ABC news footage about the murders of Israeli Olympic athletes in 1972. They are the most frightening and harrowing things about this movie, if only because we know that this particular nightmare really did happen. What came after, as documented in the book \\"[[ASIN:0743291646 Vengeance: The True Story of an Israeli Counter-Terrorist Team]],\\" was that the Israeli government decided to covertly kill the men they had identified as having a hand in the Black September assassinations.<br /><br />From there, \\"Munich\\" plods and meanders, striking a poor balance between the dreadful acts of Black September with the emotional/psychological state of Avner (Eric Bana, excellent here) and his cohorts. The dramatizations of the revenge killing do overstate what really happened - according to the book - and a very important endpoint is omitted. Avner is unceremoniously dumped by his employers once he backs away from this assignment; no money, no identity and no proof about what he did. It makes the final blathering about \\"The Cycle of Violence\\" ring a little false as Steven Spielberg pulls away from Avner and Ephrain (Geoffrey Rush, also well done in a creepy way) to expose the World Trade Center. \\"Every civilization finds it necessary to negotiate compromises with its own values,\\" intones Golda Mier as she issues the order to send assassins after the murders. Yet the questions begin to creep in over and over as the Black September organizers fall and are replaced...and Avner discovers that he and maybe his family have become the hunted...where does it end? Avner begins to pull away, bemoaning \\"Every man we've killed has been replaced by worse!\\"<br /><br />Other than the politics of the movie and the personal conflicts - there is a lot of talk about what it means to be a Jew and losing/keeping your soul - \\"Munich\\" is supposed to come off as a suspenseful spy flick. The passages between events are too long, the transitions too uncertain, however to maintain that suspense. The drawn out ending adds nothing to the movie, either. Reportedly edited on the fly with shots finalized within two days of shooting in some cases, one wonders what a little more time spent on a judicious edit might have accomplished. Tony Kushner's script is a stilted mess of pretensions and really could have been trimmed back.<br /><br />It leaves \\"Munich\\" as a movie with such potential to tell a story and offer a moral lesson trapped in a moribund film. Speilberg's breif explaining his motivations for \\"Munich\\" and wanting not to make a statement about Israel's morality but about the \\"unintended consequences\\" of violence at the begining of the DVD actually say more about the movie than the movie does! The horrors of Munich 1972 should not be forgotten, but this isn't the movie that captures why.to maintain that suspense. The drawn out ending adds nothing to the movie, either. Reportedly edited on the fly with shots finalized within two days of shooting in some cases, one wonders what a little more time spent on a judicious edit might have accomplished. Tony Kushner's script is a stilted mess of pretensions and really could have been trimmed back.    It leaves \\"Munich\\" as a movie with such potential to tell a story and offer a moral lesson trapped in a moribund film. Speilberg's breif explaining his motivations for \\"Munich\\" and wanting not to make a statement about Israel's morality but about the \\"unintended consequences\\" of violence at the begining of the DVD actually say more about the movie than the movie does! The horrors of Munich 1972 should not be forgotten, but this isn't the movie that captures why.
B00003CXC6|5.0|It would be difficult to over estimate this movie's effect on college age movie goers of the early 60s.  In that age of conformity it confirmed some of their worst fears:  That they were being turned into vegetables & parents & elders shouldn't be believed.  Truth was used simply as a tool of the powerful.  Truth was an exercise of power; hence:  Mutable.  A few years later LA DOLCE VITA confirmed another suspicion that the behaviour of one's betters, when behind locked doors & away from the sight of their children, was atrocious.  In this magnificent Kurosawa film set in 9th century Japan a nobleman & his wife traveling through a forest are set upon by a highwayman.  The nobleman is killed, his wife raped & the whole thing is witnessed by a woodsman.  The highwayman is later arrested & at his trial these incidents are examined & re-examined by having each of the 4 participants tell their version.  The dead man speaks through the mouth of a medium.  Each narrator relates the same incidents but in each telling the narrator becomes the protagonist & the nuances are different.  How can one know the truth of anything?  And with each telling the puzzle deepens & becomes more & more fascinating.  A word of warning:  The wife's voice is chalk on slate & you may find yourself hitting the mute button.  Also the music is by a Ravel 'wannabe'.  It's BOLERO written by a supremely untalented plagiarist.  When the movie was first released here some exhibitors instructed projectionists to turn off the sound during long stretches without dialogue.  (Ravel was revered by the beats of the time.)  A stage version was produced on Broadway & later on many college campuses.  And an American film version (THE OUTRAGE) was made with Paul Newman & Claire Bloom.  RASHOMON as a concept entered the culture.  Not to be missed.
B00005JOFQ|3.0|In my opinion the photography and settings were the best in this movie.  I was disappointed in the acting and that is what I rate it lower for.  Living in a gay community myself and being straight has enlightened me and opened my mind.  I have friends that are gay and they don't come across as these two guys.  One commentary referenced the constant tears from the two cowboys.  I agree, seemed like they were drama kings and this was lust not love.  That is my opinion and I don't see what all the high ratings are about.
1582701709|2.0|While it is true there has been a valuable \\"Secret\\" passed down for centuries, it isn't true that the meaning of this secret is material wealth and self gratification.  The idea behind the secret isn't new, in fact this really is a modern, highly marketed slant to appeal to the  masses.  While I applaud its delivery and marketing, I have to take exception to how they've somewhat warped the actual secret into materialistic pleasure for the ego. I will be the first to tell you that manifesting intent works, but the art of manifestation in the truest since requires one to be out of the ego mindset, and into spirituality and goodness for true access to the power.  Otherwise the best you'll manifest are a few bucks in your bank account and you'll be nowhere further along the path of enlightenment. Therefore the message in this book is incomplete in a pretty big way although I see why the author wanted to appeal to the most common mans interest - which is money.  Transcend the money, and realize that indeed, we do create our reality - a concept too mind boggling for most people to believe or understand.<br /><br />Jane Roberts was saying over 4 DECADES ago this message through \\"Seth\\".  But you can skip all of the cute fluff, and materialistic trash and go right to the source, Jane Roberts many books. A more modern slant, but not necessarily better that Jane Roberts (but better than Secret) would be \\"The Law of Attraction\\" by Esther Hicks.  If you want to get down to the brass tacks of why and how the process of manifestation really works, then you'll want to explore the quantum reality in which we all live.<br /><br />In those cases, I would recommend starting with \\"Power vs Force\\" by David Hawkins. \\"The Holographic Universe\\" by Michael Talbot and \\"Entangled Minds\\" by Dean Radin.  These books get down to the actual scientific measurable levels of Quantum Reality and Manifestation.  Much of what these books say is already being proven everyday through things like \\"String Theory\\" that will ultimately show that indeed our thoughts and emotions are \\"Projected\\" from our bodies into the world. Another aspect is the lack of \\"God\\" or \\"Creator\\" in the Secret.  The works I mention above either factor in god directly, or refer to him as the power behind this.  Jane Roberts specifically goes into detail about how it works, why it works, where do we play into it and what we can do with it and how god is involved with it.  Essentially, we've manifested here on the physical plane by the creator to \\"Learn\\" effective use of this energy for the love of mankind and to learn to transcend the egotistical material mind as a form of growth of our spirit.<br /><br />For example, in Jane Roberts books you'll find passages so compelling compared to the secret, such as:<br /><br />We are individualized portions of energy, materialized within physical existence, to learn to form ideas from energy, and make them physical (this is idea construction). We project ideas into an object, so that we can deal with it. But the object is the thought, materialized. This physical representation of idea permits us to learn the difference between the \\"I\\" who thinks and the thought. Idea construction teaches the \\"I\\" what it is, by showing it its own products in a physical manner. We learn by viewing our own creations, in other words. We learn the power and effects of ideas by changing them into physical realities; and we learn responsibility in the use of creative energy.<br /><br />The objective world is the end result of inner action. You can indeed manipulate the objective world from within, for this is the means and definition of true manipulation... Thoughts and images are formed into physical reality and become physical fact. They are propelled chemically. A thought IS energy. It begins to produce itself physically at the moment of its conception.<br /><br />Mental enzymes are connected with the pineal gland. As you know them, body chemicals are physical, but they are the propellants of this thought-energy, containing all the codified data necessary for translating any thought or image into physical actuality. They cause the body to reproduce the inner image. They are sparks, so to speak, initiating the transformation. Chemicals are released through the skin and pore systems, in an invisible but definite pseudophysical formation. The intensity of a thought or image largely determines the immediacy of its physical materialization. There is no object about you that you have not created. There is nothing about your own physical image that you have not made. The initial thought or image exists within the mental enclosure [as explained in earlier sessions]. It is not yet physical. Then it is sparked into physical materialization by the mental enzymes.<br /><br />This is the general procedure. All such images and thoughts are not completely materialized in your terms, however. The intensity may be too weak. The chemical reaction sparks certain electrical charges, some within the layers of the skin. There are radiations then through the skin to the exterior world, containing highly codified instructions and information. The physical environment is as much a part of you, then, as your body. Your control over it is quite effective, for you create it as you create your fingertip... Objects are composed of the same pseudo-material that radiates outward from your own physical image, only the higher intensity mass is different. When it is built up enough, you recognize it as an object. At low intensity mass it is not apparent to you.g all the codified data necessary for translating any thought or image into physical actuality. They cause the body to reproduce the inner image. They are sparks, so to speak, initiating the transformation. Chemicals are released through the skin and pore systems, in an invisible but definite pseudophysical formation. The intensity of a thought or image largely determines the immediacy of its physical materialization. There is no object about you that you have not created. There is nothing about your own physical image that you have not made. The initial thought or image exists within the mental enclosure [as explained in earlier sessions]. It is not yet physical. Then it is sparked into physical materialization by the mental enzymes.    This is the general procedure. All such images and thoughts are not completely materialized in your terms, however. The intensity may be too weak. The chemical reaction sparks certain electrical charges, some within the layers of the skin. There are radiations then through the skin to the exterior world, containing highly codified instructions and information. The physical environment is as much a part of you, then, as your body. Your control over it is quite effective, for you create it as you create your fingertip... Objects are composed of the same pseudo-material that radiates outward from your own physical image, only the higher intensity mass is different. When it is built up enough, you recognize it as an object. At low intensity mass it is not apparent to you.
B00065GX64|5.0|Hi I have a friend named M. and it was his name that made<br />me feel I should watch this JEWEL of a movie!!!!!!!!!!!!<br />In this masterpiece of film Peter Lorre in what I feel<br />is his best role plays a pathetic child murderer who<br />does not want to kill children,but feels HE MUST!<br />With Fritz Lang's splendid SHADOW directing and<br />eerie lighting this is a morbid film and one<br />that I feel is the father of the PSYCHO,HENRY,SILENCE OF THE LAMBS,<br />SCHRAMM and UNTOLD STORY... M will always be<br />the PAPA of those films. We start out with a young<br />girl missing,she is not the first nor the last<br />and every one in town that is male is a suspect.<br />Later we follow a man who whistle's a classical<br />tune(it's famous but I don't know what it is<br />my sweetie will though,I'll ask her)The man stops<br />to buy a balloon for a lil girl,what the man does<br />not know is he is being watched! As he leaves with<br />what seems to be another victim for him a man bumps<br />into him touches his back and say's sorry. What<br />Lorre does not know is that the man wrote M on his hand<br />before touching Lorre and when the girl tells him he<br />has something written on his back the look on his face(THE COVER<br />BOX of this film)is brilliant! He runs leaving the girl<br />does he get caught? Does he kill himself??does he kill the men<br />after him??? You will have to buy and find out. This is a true<br />masterpiece on the macabre and opened so many doors for this kind.<br />So thanks to my AMAZON friend M. For I would not have bought this<br />tonight if you had the name N. Thinks for being a great friend<br />and having a coooool name! Now watch this(but with the lights on<br />and a stuffed Snoopy under your arm with a frozen otter pop to<br />eat)
B0000683DH|5.0|Taken from the back cover:<br /><br />IT IS THE 23RD CENTURY<br /><br />The Federation Starship USS Enterprise is on routine training maneuvers, and Admiral James T. Kirk (William Shatner) seems resigned to the fact that this inspection may well be the last space mission of his career.<br /><br />But Khan is back.<br /><br />Aided by his exiled band of genetic supermen, Khan (Ricardo Montalban) - brilliant renegade of 20th Century Earth - has raided Space Station Regula One, stolen a top secret device called Project Genesis, wrested control of another Federation starship, and now schemes to set a most deadly trap for his old enemy Kirk...with the threat of a universal Armageddon!<br /><br />The Extras include:<br />A special 2-disc widescreen Director's Edition DVD of Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. This is a slightly different cut of the film from the theatrical release and the previous DVD release. The run time is slightly longer, due to a few seconds of extra footage inserted, and for some of the scenes, different takes are used. Some of it will be familiar to fans as extra or alternate footage seen on ABC-TV broadcasts of the film; some of it should be new. At least one line of the extra footage ties directly to a famous scene from the later Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, helping to make the continuity between the movies that much more cohesive.<br /><br />Audio commentary - A newly recorded commentary track with director Nicholas Meyer.<br />Text commentary - Michael Okuda, co-author of The Star Trek Encyclopedia, reveals Star Trek trivia and production notes specific to the events in the movie as the film plays.<br />Disc Two<br />Documentaries<br />The Captain's Log - New, exclusive cast & crew interviews with Nicholas Meyer, William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, Ricardo Montalban, and Harve Bennett. They discuss the way in which they originally intended to put the film together, and how they eventually ended up completing that task, amongst other things.<br />Designing Khan - An analysis of the comparisons between Star Trek: The Motion Picture and The Wrath of Khan. The documentary features interviews with director Nicholas Meyer, the costume designer, and the production designer. They talk about the transitions they made in costume and production design from the first Star Trek movie to its sequel.<br />The Visual Effects of Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan - A documentary which features interviews with Nicholas Meyer and the visual effects designers who work(ed) for Industrial Light & Magic. The effects crew explain how they executed and completed the special effects shots.<br />\\"The Star Trek Universe: A Novel Approach\\" by authors Julia Ecklar and Greg Cox - Includes interviews with Julia Ecklar, the author of The Kobayashi Maru, and Greg Cox, the writer of The Eugenics Wars: The Rise and Fall of Khan Noonien Singh, Volumes One and Two\\" and To Reign in Hell: The Exile of Khan Noonien Singh. The authors discuss how their books help to fill in the gaps between the movies and where their concepts for stories come from.<br />Original Interviews - Interview material from 1982 featuring William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, Ricardo Montalban, and DeForest Kelley.<br />Other<br />Theatrical trailer - an advertisement for the film's original release<br />Storyboard archive - an assortment of early concept sketches. these archives feature 10 original storyboard sequences. 10 original storyboard sequences are presented here. Their titles are listed below.<br />Main Title Concept<br />Kobayashi Maru<br />Ceti Alpha V<br />Regula I<br />Chekov and Terrell Find Khan<br />Admiral's Inspection<br />Khan's Revenge<br />Kirk Strikes Back<br />Finding the Genesis Cave<br />The Mutara Nebula<br />Sneak Attack<br />Genesis<br />Honoured Dead<br />Interactive animated menus<br />a Brilliant film thats been remastered and redone very well a superb effort 5 stars with ease!<br /><br />Buy it here!<br />[[ASIN:B0000683DH Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan - The Director's Cut (Two-Disc Special Collector's Edition)]]
B000001EGE|5.0|Come on! what can you say about the future sir Elton in 1972? Thank God for the CD! I can put this on with a good set of headphones and transport back to 1972 as a 6 year old kid. My brother set this fire in my musical soul when he bought me this album a few months after its release. He had this album on an 8 track tape and was hooked at first by a song called (oddly enough) I think I'm going to kill myself. At 6 years old I did not pay much attention to the words but the piano rift and catchy melody and tap dancing shoes were enough to hook me to this day. Hurcules is another one of my favorites not knowing at the time that Elton was singing about himself and that Hercules was his middle name. Even though this album only scored a couple of hits with Rocket man and Honky Cat, I know if you were to get this album you will quickly learn that every song on this album is solid gold.
B00000K3D4|5.0|A guilty pleasure for me, Labyrinth is a made-for-kids movie with just enough weird stuff in it to appeal to teens (like a peeing goblin, a worm with a Cockney accent and an Escher-like chase scene). Not to mention that it was one of beautiful Jennifer Connelly's first starring roles. George Lucas produced and Muppet creator Jim Henson directed this adventure of a teenage girl who must venture into an enchanted labyrinth and castle to tangle with an evil sorcerer (David Bowie) and rescue her baby brother. Monty Python's Terry Jones co-wrote the script, and the great Elaine May reportedly took a pass at it as well. Bowie performs several songs. Columbia has released the film in a sparkling, very impressive new Superbit edition, which forgoes the extras to make more room for higher quality picture and sound.<br /><br />DVD Details: After its 2007 theatrical re-release, Sony has re-released the DVD in an anniversary edition with lots of new extras.<br /><br />Starring: David Bowie, Jennifer Connelly, Toby Froud, Shelley Thompson, Shari Weiser, Dave Goelz, Frank Oz<br />Written by: Terry Jones, from a story by Jim Henson, Dennis Lee<br />Directed by: Jim Henson<br />MPAA Rating: PG<br />Running Time: 101 minutes<br />Date: May 22, 2003<br />a great family film with enough fun for kids and adults alike.<br />5 stars all the way.
0790731479|3.0|I grew up with this movie.  At first I thought it had no plot, and was just a series of gross random events where Beetlejuice does bad stuff.  Now I realize that it does have a plot, and a very good one.  I don't recall any other movie where ghosts have trouble trying to scare living people out of a house and have to hire another ghost who claims to be an expert.  However, after this set-up happens, THAT'S when the movie becomes a series of gross random events where Beetlejuice does bad stuff.<br /><br />Whenever someone mentions Beetlejuice, I think of nothing else but all the weird stuff that's in it.  For instance, when the ghosts try to leave the house, they wind up in some crazy desert place where giant sandworms threaten to eat them.  The movie doesn't do a great job of explaining where this place is, but I think it's the planet Saturn.  Needless to say, since the ghosts can't leave their house, it definitely motivates them to scare away the living people moving in (a bunch of weirdos by the way, so that provides some extra incentive)<br /><br />Then there's the lost souls room, the guy stretching out his head to look like some sort of chicken, the shrimp cocktail turning into hands, Beetlejuice living in a model of the city, the chalk-drawn door opening up to a portal, and the moving art statues.  This movie is just flat-out bizarre.  There's so much that's packed into it.<br /><br />But its kind of a downer that the afterlife is shown as some kind of overly-administrative going to and fro, where you have to read a handbook, wait in an office, talk to a case worker, and do all other kinds of boring things.<br /><br />Here's the kicker.  I work in a funeral home, and this movie STILL grosses me out.  Walking dead folks are all over the place.  Some sawn in half, others flattened by a truck, and Beetlejuice himself looks to have some kind of mild skin decomposition.  But by far the scene that's hardest to stomach is the seance.  The ghosts are summoned in their wedding outfits only to grow older and older until they start to fall apart.  I should be thankful that they weren't shown as green and bloated throughout the whole movie, since drowning's the thing that killed them.<br /><br />This is one of the most original and disgusting films you'll ever see.  I think everybody should see it once, just to see how bizarrely creative it is.  Obviously a whole heck of a lot of work went into it.  Beetlejuice himself made me laugh quite a bit, with lines like, \\"Attention K-Mart shoppers!\\" but he sure did gross me out a lot too.<br /><br />I kind of wish Burton would have stayed away from the Halloween type movies and did more stuff like Pee-Wee's Big Adventure.  I've been wanting to see Big Fish for a while, but I heard its not very good.lder and older until they start to fall apart.  I should be thankful that they weren't shown as green and bloated throughout the whole movie, since drowning's the thing that killed them.    This is one of the most original and disgusting films you'll ever see.  I think everybody should see it once, just to see how bizarrely creative it is.  Obviously a whole heck of a lot of work went into it.  Beetlejuice himself made me laugh quite a bit, with lines like, \\"Attention K-Mart shoppers!\\" but he sure did gross me out a lot too.    I kind of wish Burton would have stayed away from the Halloween type movies and did more stuff like Pee-Wee's Big Adventure.  I've been wanting to see Big Fish for a while, but I heard its not very good.
B000LE0TGA|5.0|My 10 and six year old sons love ELO, thanks to my old records, cassettes and CDs. Now we can listen to one of ELO's best efforts.  We think Latitude 88 is good. I'd give it a 8 out of 10.  Now we're good for a few years until we wear out this CD and need a replacement CD!  Any serious fan must buy this and let the younger generation hear ELO!
B000SLP4SE|4.0|Excellent film, I only gave it 4 instead of 5 because there was more they could have done with this film. I think this is a great movie, the feeling of Bourne meets the action of Universal Soldier (but without the B Movie aura).
B000002LCX|5.0|I was into the Smiths in high school.  I got to see them live and continued to buy Morrissey albums until \\"you are the quarry,\\"( dismal album).  But when this album came out it left me cold and it sat on the bottom of my CD pile until a couple of years ago when I gave it another shot.  You know what?  It's an amazing album.  It's just my teenage sensibilities couldn't understand the emotions and sarcasm it explores.  Only with time and wisedom do I get it.  The band, everyone knows was breaking up at the time and you can feel the sense of loss and sadness.  \\"Strangeways\\" is the most subtle of the The Smiths catalog.  It forgoes much of it's theatrics from previous albums and just paints a mood instead of a repeat of their-at this point, well known formula.<br />  Everyone says 'the queen is dead\\" is their best but i think \\"hatful of hallow\\" is their best collection of songs; sonically and thematically.  And I love the collection \\"louder than bombs\\", if anything \\"the queen is dead\\" is a wee bit overproduced and shallow for my taste.  \\"Strangeways\\" is more complex than anything they'd done before and almost feels like a concept album.  And people who say it's overproduced are just plain wrong, put down your MP3's which are 1/23 the quality of a CD and listen to it on headphones-it's heartbreakingly beautifull.  See for yourself and buy this album, now!
B000UDJS2S|3.0|First let me say that I love comic movies and this one was worth watching.<br /><br />Cage plays the same role he always does, his acting style has not changed. I cant say whether he was meant for this role or not because I can't think of anyone else who could. But this movie could have been done MUCH better. Not all the blame is on Cage though.<br /><br />The script was poorly written, very cliche jokes and bad dialogue. The directing was terrible also, the fight scenes were simple and left you wondering if you had missed several minutes of each scene.<br /><br />It trys to take on the feeling of the old Punisher movie but misses. I hope in ten years this movie is redone and done better.
B000R8YC18|5.0|One of the best movies of all time.  There's a short list of movies one needs to experience more than just watch and this is one of them.  I'd throw [[ASIN:B00003CXAA The Godfather DVD Collection (The Godfather/ The Godfather - Part II/ The Godfather - Part III)]], [[ASIN:B00003CX9E Citizen Kane]], and [[ASIN:0783226055 Vertigo (Collector's Edition)]] on that list.    A really effective movie that gets you to contemplate your own surroundings.  Nothing is it at rest here and Scorsese and De Niro really bring this character to screen, especially De Niro.  You can't even consider him a \\"character\\" after watching De Niro's brilliant performance as Travis Bickle.    The extras on this disc are amazing also.  Two commentaries and plenty of featurettes.  Finally, a fit version for this masterpiece of a movie.    One of the best character studies of all time.  Highly recommend.
B00003OSU4|5.0|I don't normally buy DVDs, especially documentaries, since usually I feel after I've seen it once or twice its time to move on.  Particularly music - I'd just as soon listen to the CD - the movie is usually a distraction.  But this one is exceptional and worth buying and seeing again and again.  It really is like being there and the mood of the music is complemented by the scenes of the audience and street scenes.    The colors are very good, and without any plot or voiceover to get in the way (though Stern says in an additional commentary on the disc they tried to put a story in but gave up) it is just the music and the audience.  The audience captures the feeling of being there - the feeling of the time and place.  There are some beautiful scenes of the water and jam sessions in houses and on the beach.      A very nice Summer day.
B00005ARDC|5.0|I came across this band by pure happenstance, and it was one of the best things that could have happened.  I was looking for a band to revive my faith in modern-day rock music, a band that dared to make a different sound in today's formulaic music scene,and this truly was exactly what I was looking for.  The album starts off strong with \\"Love Burns\\", an acoustic based jam for 2 and a half minutes, but then kicks into an all out rock out that will make you test the limits of your speakers.  The darker theme continues with \\"Red Eyes and Tears\\", if not for the infectious beat and powerful distortion, one may call it a little redundant, but it rocks just the same.      The album hits its peak with \\"Whatever Happened To My Rock N Roll\\" and \\"Awake\\", a pair of songs different in mood and tempo but standout nonetheless as two songs that showcase the band's artistic gifts.  The former is a jam that will make you pump your fist ala Billy Idol, the latter is slower, but has a rocking chorus that will send chills down your spine.    The music slows down on tracks 5-8, more melodic and laid-back.  \\"Rifles\\" and \\"White Palms\\" are the better half of this grouping.    It picks back up for one track, \\"Spread Your Love\\", a great classic rock sounding tune.  The guitar work in this song seems eerily similar to Norman Greenbaum's \\"Spirit In The Sky\\" at some points (maybe that's just me hearing the similarities).  This one will get stuck in your head for days if you're not careful, great song.    The last two tracks are forgettable, softer melodies that really seem to lack the melodic part of the equation.  These songs are easy to skip if for no other reason than just wanting to listen to earlier tracks again.    All in all, this album is easily worth a purchase.  High quality rock music with melodies and choruses that will make this disc a staple of your music library.
B000EWBKLC|4.0|This movie was deliberately shot in a grainy style.  It is not the fault of Blu-ray.  The movie does not look excellent, but it does look very good.  It is difficult to judge a movie with such a different style of filming...kind of like 300.  Either you think it is Extraordinary, or bad...all due to the filming.  I would expect Saw 4 to look the same when it comes out in the fall.
B0007Y08QA|5.0|There are other movies out there that deal with trauma and its psychological components, such as Jacob's ladder, and this is a different take on a similar subject.  The first scene of the movie makes no sense until the end of the movie, but everything finally does come together.    Faced with a terrible event, Trevor develops into an hallucinatory, pathetic character in trying to deal with his guilt.  He starts off as a pleasant, intelligent guy, and his steady girl is also a likable, sympathetic person.  But when he steps out with a waitress and her son, we begin to see that something is wrong.  His weight issues, where he is 130 and losing day by day is also a flag that something has to be wrong.    He manufactures people and occurrences that at first seem real, but he finally realizes that they are anything but real.    Christian Bale gives an excellent performance in this movie and at its conclusion I found that I could feel for him in his torment.  It is a difficult movie to watch at times, but one does take away from it the complexities of the human mind, and the power of the unconscious, or the soul, over the human mind.  It is a modern day take on Poe's Tell-Tale Heart.
B000JLTRKE|4.0|When Oliver Stone makes movies of historical value, he tends to exagerate the facts (i.e. JFK, Salvador, Midnight Express).  In this film, he completely stays out of delivering negative propaganda on who was responsible and focuses on the ordeal and rescue of Port Authority policemen John McLoughlin (Nicolas Cage) and Will Jimeno (Michael Pe&ntilde;a).  The result is a movie that all viewers would be proud of.  The film was made with courage and sympathy to the victims.  Some viewers may be put off by the intensity of the subject matter, due to the film being too soon to watch.  This film is very much needed in this day and age in hopes that the events of September 11th, 2001 are never forgotten.
0375701427|4.0|Few US writers nowadays take on the subject of America in their writing and make it work.  Roth is clearly at the tail end of the generation of the Great American Novelist, a writer who writes as much about the character of the United States of America as he writes about the characters in his books.  Don DeLillo ([[ASIN:1416546022 Falling Man: A Novel]], [[ASIN:0684848155 Underworld: A Novel]] and [[ASIN:0140283307 White Noise]]) is something of this, but DeLillo's concerns are more of the intellectual background of the US rather than its character.<br /><br />But this book takes on the evolution of America full force--Swede seemed to be an idyllic American.  The son of a glovemaker, he was a Varsity letterman and an idol in high school who married Miss New Jersey and seemed destined to be the center of idolatry.<br /><br />But of course, Swede has to fall, and his fall is as much about the evolution of America as it is the exploitation of his fall.  His daughter goes from daddy's little girl to a terrorist/activist responsible for four murders.  And from there, Swede's life starts to fall apart, and I mean in every way imaginable.  This seems almost expected, but Roth takes this crumbling to some of its deepest psychological and emotional levels.  Unlike Yates' [[ASIN:0375708448 Revolutionary Road]], Roth makes you care about Swede not only through the explosion of the storybook Middle America into the Turbulent with Knowledge of Inequality 60's and onward, but because his fall is so hard.  Emotionally, he is to be left with nothing, and Roth takes us there with immediate prose that grounds like broken glass into the pores of every moment.  He is challenging and disturbing and spares no detail, but Roth's work is worth the wait for the depth of pathos and character he conveys.  The book seems to end a little lopsidedly, and I found the main drive of [[ASIN:0375726349 The Human Stain]] a little more compelling than this one, but Roth is certainly a writer we cannot live without.  If we want to know what America has become, don't listen to the idiotic pundits on the air (on either side of the fence) think (if you can call it that)--instead, read Roth, and you will see what we have become and who we need to be.  While we have entered the era of Controversial Nonfiction, Roth reminds us that the REAL news is in fiction.f we want to know what America has become, don't listen to the idiotic pundits on the air (on either side of the fence) think (if you can call it that)--instead, read Roth, and you will see what we have become and who we need to be.  While we have entered the era of Controversial Nonfiction, Roth reminds us that the REAL news is in fiction.
B000QUCNOK|5.0|German director Tom Tykwer, of \\"Run Lola Run\\" fame, should be commended for his outstanding adaptation of Patrick Suskind's novel \\"Das Parfum\\". Tykwer uses a series of authentic looking historical sets and impressive cinematographic close ups and zooms to depict Europe's largest city in the 1700's, Paris.  He uses his camera to convey the sense of aroma in the squalid, unhygienic metropolis which is essential to the plot.<br /><br />Born into the lowest rungs of society and immediately abandoned by his uncaring mother Jean Baptiste Grenouille, the anti-hero of \\"Perfume\\", must overcome long odds to survive the pitiful life of an orphan.  The grown up Grenouille played admirably by Ben Whishaw from the onset of life had been endowed with the most highly developed sense of olfaction.  He gets a chance to prove and enhance his gift under the tutelage of once renowned Parisian perfumer Giuseppe Baldini played by a heavily made up Dustin Hoffman.<br /><br />Obsessed with the art of perfuming, Grenouille at the insistence of Baldini treks to the city of Grasse to add to his skills.  A dark side of his personality reveals itself as he maniacally attempts to capture the ultimate scent.  He begins murdering attractive young women, and using the art of effluence uses their hair and bodily oils and scents to create a fragrance from each unfortunate victim.  His murderous actions cause a panic in the town and across the countryside.  Local beauty Laura played by Rachel Hurd-Wood and sheltered by her father played by Alan Rickman becomes Grenouille's ultimate target as the final ingredient in his perfect concoction.<br /><br />The finale was a bit of a stretch but overall the film which was a box office failure, was totally engrossing as the mellifluous tones of narrator John Hurt and the wonderful sets and costumes guide us through a satisfying viewing experience.
B000RE619I|5.0|Great Album! As a long time fan of Ms. Clarkson's, this is her most personal album to date. With great lyrics, tunes and messages it stands out from the rest. Never Again is a great single which should recieve more airplay; whereas Sober, her new single, should too. Note there are no hidden tracks on this album, unlike the US version, Chivas is track No. 14. This edition comes with a bonus track called Fading, which if it was released here, it would have single potential. I would certainly suggest all Kelly fans to buy her Japanese edition of her album! This is an opportunity not to pass up.
0307346609|5.0|I could not believe how fast I burned through this book. The writing, the characters, the locales. It was like you were standing there.     Fantastic book. Just excellent.     Lets hope the Battle of Yonkers and the Battle of Hope make it to the feature film!!
1416914285|1.0|This book suffers from the author's overenthusiasm for the fantasy genre, and her inexperience causes the book to drag.  Clare meanders when she should remain focused, and I can't help feeling that an editor with a tighter reign could have done this book a lot of good.
B0000A1WGH|4.0|After reading the reviews about the more extensive import version I decided that the import was a shopping goal in my recent (Aug 2007) German trip.    I found it in a music store - and it was this version - not the other longer one.  And the store receipt labeled it as \\"new version\\".  So I think the import you can get now is the same as the domestic.     To bad but more nice music by Mr. Tiersen.
B000QUCNP4|4.0|What do you say about a film that delivers on it's ambitious intentions but ultimately fails to leave a visceral impact?  Such a film is \\"Zodiac\\".  I give credit to director David Fincher for not offering up exploitation fare and trying to give food for thought.  The film's first half is the more successful when the manhunt for the serial killer that terrorized Central California in the late Sixties and early Seventies is fresh and the tensions are more ratcheted.  It's in the second half of the film where it falters slightly.  I give props to the film for concentrating on the psychological impact the manhunt takes on the killer's pursuers.  It's just the way it is told is just a tad meandering.  I'm not going to complain about the length of the film because there are so many examples of great films that exceed 2 and one-half hours.  But in this case the point that's trying to be made is bludgeoned to death and you get a sense of ennui about the whole enterprise.  By all means see \\"Zodiac\\" because it's better than most fare.  The acting is terrific particularly Mark Ruffalo as a beleagered homicide detective.  Brian Cox has a terrific cameo as famed defense attorney Melvin Belli.  The makers of the film were so meticulous in their research of the period that they had to mention Belli's appearance on \\"Star Trek\\".  An intriguing film that could have been more than it is.
B000P0J024|5.0|If you are a fan of any one of these artists, you will enjoy this CD.  All the songs are upbeat and you can tell that they had a good time making them. Each artist gets a turn being the focus of a song.  I especially like the first CD with Roy Orbison.  Bob Dylan, with his unique style, is easy to pick out of the group. As is George Harrison. I listen to it often and recommend it to all!
B000PMGS8G|5.0|I saw this film during the holiday season of 1980 when I was on the verge of graduating high school.  I haven't seen it since but it left an impression on my psyche.  Having revisited it I will have to emphatically reiterate what the previous reviewer stated and say \\"I LOVE IT\\".  Some dismiss this film as camp and certainly at times it teeters towards that.  No surprise considering that the screenwriter is Lorenzo Semple Jr. who wrote for TV's \\"Batman\\".  But director Mike Hodges reigns these elements in and delivers a terrific homage to the Saturday Afternoon serials of yore.  If I recall correctly I think I saw this on a Saturday Afternoon matinee originally.  The film has a great look to it, kind of a hybrid of thirties styles crossed with seventies glam.  The casting here is impeccable.  Sam J. Jones as Flash Gordon won't make you forget Buster Crabbe but I think he was essentially cast for his chiseled surfer-boy good looks.  Melody Anderson makes for a fetching Dale Arden, however.  The supporting cast is where the film hit's a real homerun with Max Von Sydow, Topol, Ornella Muti, Timothy Dalton, and Brian Blessed all making a visceral impact in their respective roles.  A lot of the reviewers take issue with the quality of the packaging of this film.  I can't really relate because I waited for this film but not with baited breath.  My review is strictly on the merits of the film itself and it should be viewed for that reason alone.  On a trivial note Sam J. Jones previously appeared in a silent role as Bo Derek's husband in the adolescent boy fantasy film, \\"10\\".  Finally director Hodges debuted in 1970 with the classic British gangster film, \\"Get Carter\\".  If this review serves anything it may compell some reader to check out this obscure but excellent gem.
B000O77SOK|5.0|I started watching the Practice on FX after becoming a fanatic fan of Boston Legal, the show's spin-off.  The final season of the Practice features the characters of Alan Shore and Denny Crane who are the main characters of BL.  However, after watching the 8th season, I watched the entire run of the Practice on FX.  The show is absolutely brilliant.  Quite different from BL, it depicts the truly gritty world of defense attorneys struggling to keep their humanity while constantly putting drug dealers and murders back on the street.  Much more serious, dramatic, but just as good and the acting is fantasic!  I just hope that Fox chooses to keep releasing future volumes and do so soon!
014028009X|4.0|\\"Bridget Jones's Diary\\" is a humorous romp through a year in the life of Bridget Jones: A 30-something \\"Singleton\\" who can't seem to lose weight, quit smoking, or find a boyfriend. Unfortunately, Bridget takes a step in the wrong direction when she begins an affair with her boss, Daniel, who unsurprisingly turns out to be a first-class jerk. Luckily, there are plenty of other things going on in Bridget's life to take her mind off her cheating cad of an ex-boyfriend. Bridget's crazy mother abruptly walks out of her marriage and begins a new life as an adulteress/talk-show hostess. Eventually Bridget decides to take a new job at a TV station to get away from Daniel, and she ultimately finds herself drawn to the mysterious Mark Darcy, a man she didn't care for at first but finally comes to see in an entirely new light.<br /><br />This is a pretty funny book, and I especially enjoyed the sly \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" parallels. However, the one thing that really bothers me about Bridget Jones is that, although she's amusing in her own way, I just don't understand what those two charming English blokes saw in her. She's not super attractive or intelligent...I just don't buy the fact that either Daniel or Mark would ever really fall for her. In spite of that one glaring problem, however, \\"Bridget Jones\\" is a light and fun read that's good for a few laughs. (Also, it's much better than the movie, in my opinion.)
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This series is GREAT. It is visually stunning with commentary that is pleasing to hear and quite informative. I dont understand how people who purchased this set rated it low because they had compatibility issues (ie. not knowing you need a HD-DVD player to view HD-DVDs). In any case, I highly recommend this series to anyone that is into documentaries as it has just about anything you would like to see....
0446615625|2.0|When Hemingway met with the man referred to as just the Arab in Frankfurt, were there any leftist talking points the Arab missed?  I literally laughed when he said, \\"You have only 5% of the world's population but consume 25% of the energy.\\"  That was one of about twenty liberal talking points he managed to get out in about two pages.  I felt embarrassed for the author after reading that exchange.
B00005JO9J|4.0|I'll be honest.    I wanted to hate Grey's Anatomy.    After all, it was just another hospital drama. ER was good for maybe three seasons, then continued to spiral. Who really knows where House is going at this point. Yet another guilty pleasure for an American public obsessed with medical drama.    I really wanted to hate it.    But, somehow, I got sucked in. My roommate watched it. The girls down the hall watched it. The guys downstairs. My neighbors. My mother, for crying out loud. So the last episode of season 2, I found myself glued to a television screen, dying to know what happened next.    I can't really explain how that happened. It could have been the combination of reasonably intelligent dialogue and good casting. It could have been the lively pace backed with an only occasionally melodramatic soundtrack. Perhaps it was the illustrious Dr. McDreamy.    It must have been a little of all of those things, because here we are, about a month from the premiere of season 4 and I can't wait.    Grey's manages to do what most other dramas (medical and otherwise) can't; it stays contemporary without having a shelf-life of an hour. It stays meaningful without getting overly preachy. It shows the medical world with a solid dose of realism - the long hours, the grisly cases, the patients no one can save, no matter how they try - and shows its characters outside of the hospital, having lives and problems of their own.     So like I said, I wanted to hate Grey's.    But I would've had to have been an idiot to not give it a chance.
0307346609|4.0|As the title says, this novel takes the form of an oral history. The narrator interviews a wide variety of people about their experiences both leading up to and during the near annihilation of the human race.    What sets this book apart from the swamps of horror fiction today is Brooks convincing creation of distinctive voices for his \\"interviewees\\". Each of them feels like a real person re-living those traumatic years. The characters include a doctor who examined one of the earliest cases, soldiers from various battles (including the inevitable complete disaster over-planned by the top brass), the U.S. Vice President from the war era (the President, an Abe Lincoln of his time, died towards the end of his term) and a completely amoral profiteer who sold a (completely useless) vaccine against the zombie virus.    Brooks walks us through every stage of this, from the initial infections through the slow realization of what was happening, humanity's retreat (and unbearable sacrifices), our tooth-and-nail fight to reclaim this earth and the final pensive contemplation of what happened and what comes next.    To his credit, Brooks also evidently put a great deal of thought into the political and social changes these events would cause. No angle is left unexamined.    I enjoyed the early chapters most, as people tried to understand what was happening around them. Our wonderful capability for complete denial of what we can't comprehend is painted with painful accuracy.    Even if you're not a big fan of the zombie or horror genre (and I'm not) this is a worthwhile read for Brooks' thorough characterization.
B000O77QD8|5.0|Having grown up in this era and then driving by the Iwo Jima Memorial everyday for a few years I am reminded what we as a nation encountered.  Mr. Eastwood performed his usual excellent job in presenting us with an interesting account of this historical event.
0385504209|5.0|{Review written Dev 2004}<br /><br />I love high-brow thrillers that don't try to write down to the reader, and (even more so) I also love it when authors go to the effort of ample RESEARCH before writing about a given topic.<br /><br />Anyway, without giving away too much of the plot, the author takes the reader on a fascinating and gripping ride through some of the more esoteric & mysterious corners classical art history, architecture, Judeo-Christian religious mysteries & religious symbology, church history, secret societies, and the like ... and he does so with both skill and panache. Some of my own interests, during & since college, overlap many of those areas, and it was wonderfully refreshing to see the material handled so well, and so competently, for the benefit of people who are new to these subjects. There *IS* a generous helping of fiction (and speculation) mixed in with historical facts, but for those who are erudite enough to know the difference, it's a highly entertaining and creative ride.<br /><br />I was already familiar with a fair amount of the material, but some items were new to me. I cant speak for their veracity, but they were cleverly done:<br /><br />* Pri-oS/Opus Dei: I've already done a little casual reading on my own regarding organizations like the Templar Knights ... but the Pri-oS & Opus Dei (the latter apparently being a modern day reincarnation of various \\"Flagellant\\" groups of Medieval Europe) references were new to me.<br /><br />I was particularly impressed with the author's attention to small details too:<br /><br />* An overview of the Council of Nicea, which formed the bible as we know it, and which omitted & suppressed many other accounts (i.e., the Gnostic Scriptures, etc.).<br />* The church's campaign of absorption & suppression against other indigenous faiths across the mid-east and Europe, and it's particularly destructive repression of feminine divinity faiths. All true.<br />* The partially botched handling of the \\"Heiros Gamos\\" ritual ala the movie \\"Eyes Wide Shut\\".<br /><br />However, the author did sidestep a few points that he could have better expanded on:<br /><br />* Many of the symbols of the Arthurian cycle (the holy grail, in this case) have echoes in a variety of ancient religions ... the author focused exclusively of the Wicca / female divinity aspects of the Grail, and overlooked other references to, say, the \\"Cauldron\\" of Dagda (Celtic), the Cauldron of the tri-partite Virgin-Mother-Crone (ex: the Norns of Nordic myth), the Fates of Greek myth, etc ad infinitum).<br /><br />In any case, the book is very enjoyable, and highly recommended ... particularly if you've never encountered the material before, or if you're a bible literalist who's overdue for an invigoriating dash of cold water. History is a lot more interesting and convoluted than most people realize. People who slept through (art) history class don't realize what they've been missing out on.<br /><br />Highly recommended - a very entertaining, and controversial, read..      However, the author did sidestep a few points that he could have better expanded on:     * Many of the symbols of the Arthurian cycle (the holy grail, in this case) have echoes in a variety of ancient religions ... the author focused exclusively of the Wicca / female divinity aspects of the Grail, and overlooked other references to, say, the \\"Cauldron\\" of Dagda (Celtic), the Cauldron of the tri-partite Virgin-Mother-Crone (ex: the Norns of Nordic myth), the Fates of Greek myth, etc ad infinitum).        In any case, the book is very enjoyable, and highly recommended ... particularly if you've never encountered the material before, or if you're a bible literalist who's overdue for an invigoriating dash of cold water. History is a lot more interesting and convoluted than most people realize. People who slept through (art) history class don't realize what they've been missing out on.      Highly recommended - a very entertaining, and controversial, read.
078322737X|5.0|I was 8 years old when rock n roll first came on the scene and when young people ask me what it was like when I was a teenager, I tell them to watch the movie American Graffiti. It nails it right on the head. The street rods, cruisers, custom cars, the music, all bring back good memories. Sock hops, car races, going steady, all part of an era in time that will never be duplicated again. All of these things were captured in a fun but very capable and accurate way by the director, producers and and actors. Richard Dreyfuss, Cindy Williams, Ron Howard and the rest were great. What a cast of characters and what a time in history. I loved it and have watched this movie more times than I can count. I highly recommend it to anyone that grew up in that era and to the young who want to see how the \\"older\\" generation had fun and enjoyed life. It didn't take much to entertain me or my friends when i was a teen. Give me a car, a girl friend, friends and a few hundred cruises around the circuit on a Friday and Saturday night and there you have it. American Graffiti.
B00005JPD0|4.0|MINORITY REPORT meets A WRINKLE IN TIME meets PREMONITION. . . .  All in all, a very intriguing couple of hours.  It reminded me of several other concepts previously discussed and presented (a bit of intentional deja vu itself. . . ?):  Philip K. Dick's and Spielberg's idea of pre-crime in MINORITY REPORT; Madeleine L'Engle's brilliant explanation of the \\"fifth dimension\\" leading to time/space travel in her novel A WRINKLE IN TIME; the whole concept of altering the course of \\"future\\" events in the recent PREMONITION (which really dropped the ball).    This movie's success (for me) falls somewhere between that of those others.  MINORITY REPORT stayed in that \\"science\\" realm, showing what the future will be like as technology progresses, and Spielberg produced a spectacular movie based on a great book by Philip K. Dick.  DEJA VU wasn't quite there.  PREMONITION tried to show us that past events can be changed (or something like that), but it didn't work, and they really copped out at the end.  Madeleine L'Engle presented--in a very kid-friendly way--the scientific concept of a \\"fifth\\" dimension and how that would change the space/time continuum and did so brilliantly.    Where this movie succeeds is in walking that fine line between science \\"fiction\\" and science \\"fact,\\" an idea they talk about in one of the interviews.  Could this technology really exist. . . ?  Maybe.  Could it be applied in this kind of setting?  Sure.  Is it still a stretch for my simple mind. . . ?  Yes.  Sorry.  Did it work anyway?  Yes!  I was entertained, challenged, intrigued, and confused.  That works for me.  When it began, I went back to the opening again, just to see what happened the first time (or the second time. . . ?)--I rarely do that.    It is worth watching just for two scenes (in the context of the rest of the movie):      1.  Denzel's \\"simultaneous\\" car chase--absolutely brilliant concept and execution;     2.  Adam Goldberg's character's description of the physics of making thepresent connect both to the past and future (depending on which way you're looking)--again brilliant, despite the \\"borrowing\\" of L'Engle's images.    Denzel, as expected, is great; the ensemble works very well together--with bonus points for Adam Goldberg; and the whole concept, while not entirely original, is presented in a fairly original and fresh way.  Well worth a rental and possibly a second watch. . . .  Or a first one again. . . .
B00005221M|5.0|Brilliant movie. Action, adventure, romance, tears (in my case many of them) Well acted by all in the movie, bar none. This is one of the best movies that I have ever had the pleasure to watch. From the opening hunting scenes to the last scene where the three stand alone on the cliff, it grabbed me by the heart, mind and spirit and carried me along as if I was there. In my opinion, a true American epic of a motion picture. The British Crown just couldn't leave the colonials alone. They had to follow them to America and rain down their tyranny here just as they did in Great Britain. The British promised much and delivered very little or nothing. Truth and justice won out in the end. I have to say that the last chase sequence up the mountainside to free the hostage was the most intense thing I have ever seen.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Even people who aren't Trekkies get the jokes in this movie.  If you are, it is one of the funniest movies ever made.
B00005JPGO|5.0|Better than I thought it would.  Very moving movie.  Makes you open your eyes to the real problems of the world.  Great movis and I can watch it over and over again.
B000OQF6N6|5.0|There are many interesting reviews floating around the net, and I agree with others that it seems many reviewers seem to \\"want\\" Corgan, Chamberlain, and Co. to fail with their newest album, Zeitgeist.<br /><br />If you aren't a believer, see them in concert.  I saw the Pumpkins in Asheville a few months ago, and they put on an amazing 3 1/2 hour concert, during which Corgan didn't miss a beat.  Face it, the guy can play a mean guitar.  Nothing he does is by accident, everything (including the discord of the \\"United States\\" solo) is intentional.<br /><br />Why are the Pumpkins back?  Anybody who thinks this is just for money or publicity is sorely misinformed.  Corgan could have easily coasted through life on royalties, appearances, and production stints.  This is about rock.  The Pumpkins are back to prove that they can still rock the hell out any arena, club, stadium, etc.  This is what songs like \\"United States\\" are about.  Corgan's lived long enough to see his peers the 1990's copied and twisted to the point of no return (ahem - Creed, Nickelback, etc.), and he's back to reclaim the throne as the king of alternative music.<br /><br />In a genre (rock music) where image and marketability are valued over talent and innovation, The Pumpkins are back to put everything in perspective.<br /><br />Any fan who compares this to Machina has no idea what he or she is talking about.  Even the band acknowledged that as an album that was released more to meet fans' expectations.  Love it or hate it, the Pumpkins are back.  And I'm lovin' every minute of it.
B000QXDED6|4.0|guys, if your girlfriend's been dragging you to chickflicks, watch this when you get home.  its like a remedy.  straight up violence, no twisted plot lines, an intriguing sex scene, etc.    first, the good things.  this movie is all about the Battle of Thermopylae, and is relatively historically accurate.  it is violent from beginning to end.  the actual battle is divided up into numerous battle scenes, and they're pretty well done.  and they're ALWAYS fighting.  in terms of percentage of the movie spent in battle, this film easily outranks movies like bravehart.  they just keep going at each other over and over.  the battles are awesome, with plenty of CG blood for everybody.  they pull no punches-heads are chopped off, people are impaled, the wounded and surrendering persians are slaughtered, etc.  all with blood flying everywhere.  very violent.  the story at home is also well done, and i love the queen standing up to all the morons in the council.  oh, and it's also got what i call the kama sutra scene.  the sex scene between leonidas and gorgo is composed of constantly shifting flashes, and there are five distinct sex positions displayed (i won't list them; watch it for yourself).  a couple things that werent too good.  first, as i said no real plot whatsoever.  just the basic hack em up stuff.  but i guess that could be a good thing too.  the fact that everything's computer edited so that all the spartans look like pro wrestlers and xerxes is 9 feet tall is kinda cheesy.  not to mention literally turning the persians into monsters that look like Lord of the Rings washouts.  they may be bad guys, but they're still human  overall, just an awesome guy movie.  lots of killing, good sex scene, constant action.  just dont expect any real plot twists or anything
B000V4UFZK|1.0|This release is slated to have (extra-wise) a documentary and the trailer. After years of waiting for a proper release, Warner Bros. saddles us fans with this ill-conceived release. We all know of the mountains of extras that are available, and fans have no doubt given WB ideas on what to put on the disc. WB, this is absolutely contemptuous of you to do this to the loyal fans. Did you just not have enough time to put one together? OUTRAGEOUS!
B000R4SMCW|3.0|The plot is nothing you haven't seen before:  a clever attorney tries to go up against a brilliant criminal who can more than match him in a contest of wits and legal twists.  However, Hopkins, Gosling, Strathairn and others make this watchable.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|After I heard the buzz about the movie, I went to see it with my brother. I was shocked by the beauty and power of the songs; Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova have beautiful voices and I can't get their songs out of my head, at times happy and full of love, others haunting and full of lament and sadness. I get goosebumps when I listen to Irglova's beautiful vocals. A great CD, buy it, they deserve your support.
B000KX0IOK|4.0|You can always count on Ryan Gosling to deliver the goods.  Gosling broke into the mainstream in \\"The Notebook,\\" but those of us who enjoy smaller-budget releases knew of his talents with \\"The Believer,\\" in which he's flat-out incredible.  He's also worth seeing in the under-appreciated \\"Stay\\" (a movie you have to watch twice thanks to the jawdropping ending).<br /><br />Here, Gosling again shows why he's amongst the finest actors working today.  However, young Shareeka Epps is a big part of the story here.  Her portrayal of young 'Drey' is an eye-opener.  She has acting skills well beyond years.<br /><br />I'm also a big fan of Anthony Mackie, whose portrayal of neighborhood dealer 'Frank' (he's also sort of an unofficial ward to Drey) makes him the third part of an uncomfortable trio.  Mackie is a great actor as well.  We saw him back-to-back in \\"Brother to Brother\\" and then here in \\"Half Nelson.\\"  This is a brave actor willing to commit himself to a role.
0345479092|5.0|\\"Babies are such a nice way to start people.\\" - Dave Barry<br /><br />When Brady Thomas Eilers was born, the nurses said, \\"Ten fingers and ten toes. He's perfect.\\" My wife and I were thankful for the gift that was now a part of our lives. We took our darling little bundle of joy home from the hospital. Let the blessed memories begin!<br /><br />Then began the laughs, the coos, and the aaaws - and the dirty diapers, the loud crying and the nights without much sleep. We did the best we could. Yet, our hope was in knowing this was all temporary. Brady would eventually settle down - and we would get some much needed sleep.<br /><br />Four months later, we were still hoping.<br /><br />Then one day my wife found a book, \\"Secrets of the Baby Whisperer,\\" by Tracy Hogg. This was exactly what we needed! Brady now eats, plays and sleeps on a schedule - and sleeps in his crib. Our life is now much happier and easier.<br /><br />Knowing what to do changes everything.
1594481938|2.0|This is my first and last Hornby book.  It was slow to get through and when I finished I felt letdown.  Only one character came anywhere near to being interesting.
0425188809|1.0|I love dean koontz, but this was a real dissapointment. The whole book is about the compainionship of a dog and the climax it works toward is a 1 page ending without delivering. Unless you are a dog lover, STAY AWAY.
B000050X31|5.0|This is a wonderful DVD an all star cast supports it. A superb queen of the night sung by Luciana Serra. A great Zarastro sung by Kurt M&ouml;ll, adding to the cast Battle and Araiza all et their best. What eklse can you ask? The only negative issue is that the sound is LPCM stereo.<br /><br />Anyway I want to express my deeply confussion about the review of Mateo. I don-t know what DVD he bought but surely was not this production. His comments are not adequate at all for the Met production and less to give only one star. Maybe he has to see more the DVD before write a review like the one he wrote. I reccomend him to buy the 1982 Salzburg Festival production with Cotrubas, Gruberova Schreier and others if he wants to have a treasure.
B000RJO58M|2.0|This is just an advise.  I bought this movie because according to the specs this have spanish audio and subtitles.  This is true only for the Standard Definition side.  Why Universal don't did the same for the High Definition version?
B00005RY7X|5.0|Took a chance on this despite a rather ugly album cover.  Well as they say, you should never judge a book by its cover, and so the same should go with music as well!<br /><br />This is very upbeat, hard rock with a touch of thrash.  The songs all have very good writing and really just seem to put out a mood of enjoying life.  This might be geared more for a younger crowd but I like it anyways, and besides that music is the Universal Language.  I find this album very appealing and it really has some great beats to it.  My review headline states that it is great for driving but it could really be enjoyed in any atmosphere.  I particularly like playing it when driving, it keeps me in a better mood than I would normally be!
B000002UAR|5.0|I came out of the womb listening to The Beatles. Seriously...<br /><br />I enjoyed the band as a kid, which is a direct influence my Dad impressed upon me. However, my appreciation for the group was uninformed and quite misguided. I just lumped John, Paul, George, and Ringo into an \\"oldies\\" category and I did it for twenty years. This is an outlandish and horribly erroneous error. These guys did more for music than anyone in history (with the exception of perhaps Mozart and Bach). Little things in recording, packaging, engineering, and production that the boys from Liverpool accomplished is what culminated into a fitting and universally recognized tag line: 'the greatest band ever!' \\"Revolver\\" wasn't the first Beatles album I heard in completion, but it was the first that made me believe that these guys deserve more credit than I gave them. Their previous release in 1965 (\\"Rubber Soul\\") was a venture from more of a pop sound to the rock side. Yet, this album is where it all started. The experimentation, changing stylistically and the ideas flowing rampant, The Beatles pushed the envelop forward. Then they would do it again and again and again. From the simplicity, to the complicated. From over-dubbing backwards guitar sounds, to singing amazing harmonies, \\"Revolver\\" is a portrait of a flawless musical album. This is what changed rock. VH1 thinks this is the greatest rock record of all time. It's probably close. If it wasn't for this band, their innovations, and their craft, we might not have ever thought music could be art.
B00001U0E1|5.0|I remember sneaking into the theater at 14 to watch this on Christmas day after my family decided to see \\"You've Got Mail\\" instead. So, full disclosure: This holds a special place in my heart for visiting such wonder and wit in my decidedly smalltown life.  This is what the movies is about.<br /><br />Precocious theater dorks unite because on DVD, it's as well-written, clever, funny and magical today as it ever was.  A lovely film, and worth the grounding, after all these years.<br /><br />What a cast. Fiennes was robbed on Oscar night. And next to \\"Sliding Doors,\\" this is Paltrow's most winsome performance.  Add Geoffrey Rush to the mix, and you just can't lose. Can't be done.  Even dear nurse is a sight to behold -- here, my most beloved character in a nun habit since Mother Superior. Simply put, and esp. for fans of the Bard, I can't recommend this enough.
B000MR9D5E|4.0|This is a must-have DVD for anyone interested in the natural sciences.  I've watched it twice.  The best parts are mesmerizing photography and never-before seen images of animals and/or behavior.  The worst parts are gross overuse of superlatives in the narration and a few contradictory statements that lead to confusion.  The image resolution on a 17-inch high-end notebook screen is below par compared to other commercially-produced DVDs regardless of software.  The image resolution on a 53-inch projection-type television using a dedicated DVD player is very good.
B000J103WK|5.0|I would rank this Eagles DVD as one of the best classic rock/pop concerts around. The vocals are superb and the individual renditions by the group members, especially Joe Walsh make it a truely enjoyable and entertaining 2 1/2 hours.
B000QEILLK|5.0|For those who know me, I am a huge Flower Kings fan.  For someone who has all of thier records, including the solo outings and official bootlegs, etc... you would think I would be one tough customer, as I have heard it all. But not so with this double album set! Of course, you have your jaded listeners who'll say, \\"I have all of these songs already, why buy this?\\" For anyone who knows how a perfectionist (such as master Stolt) labors over his art, you can imagine how many sleepless nights were spent trying to get the right sound and then discovering (sometimes years later!) that it's not quite there yet... perhaps the recording equipment was available at the time, or perhaps a better idea came along... Anyway the point of all this rambling is: it is easy for the casual listener to be contented with the orignal recordings and roll their eyes at a \\"re-issue\\". But this is not a re-issue. It is a true labor of love as it is an attempt to try to capture things that the artist felt were missing in the original recordings. To think, it took Leonardo DiVinci TEN YEARS to paint the lips on the Mona Lisa! A true artist is never satisfied! Roine Stolt and the members of the Flower kings are no exception.  They are true artists who are never contented with their art, and for that all of us casual listeners should be grateful!!!<br /><br />So rather than go through the list of songs with the intention of trying to convince someone to purchase this record, I will conclude with the following: if you appreciate the genius that is the Flower Kings, you will appreciate this record.<br /><br />And be sure to Preorder the new album The Sum Of No Evil!!!
B00005JPLW|5.0|the thing i love about the morons who rate this a one star or hate it because it isnt based on history is hilarious.  this movie is not based on history.  its is based on frank millers novel about it.  no, there really was a guy with a goat head and a guy with blades for arms and a giant ogar.  think about it people.  thats why its called a graphic novel guys.  its history and fun.  if you cant appreciate this movie then i dont know what to tell you.  its a fun battle movie, its good interesting characters and gerard butler was excellent.  stop taking everything so seriously and enjoy a movie for what it is.  this is a much better movie than sin city (another frank miller creation)  and democrats should pay attention to the message of the movie, sometimes doing the right thing isnt popular.  figure it out.
1416523359|3.0|Unlike the last reviewer, I really like King's internal dialogue.  In fact, that is my favorite thing about his stories.  His characters feel real to me even if the plot is lacking.  I liked Lisey, even liked her sisters, but the plot left something to be desired.  I liked the insights into the past she and scott shared, but the whole stalker aspect was farfetched.
B00003CXA6|5.0|This is a nice transfer of novel to screen.  Michael Shaara's work is well known to those interested in the Civil War.  It used an interesting technique--selecting several characters and reporting their observations of events and their perspectives and understanding of those.  Among the key characters from whose eyes we see things include: Robert E. Lee, James Longstreet, Joshua Lawrence Chamberlain, Winfield Scott Hancock, and--from the First Day--John Buford.  This is a long movie, over 4 hours.  But to encapsulate as sprawling a battle as Gettysburg, this is altogether appropriate.<br /><br />What of the cast?  Overall, awfully good for a movie that is far from a traditional theater release.  Martin Sheen plays Robert E. Lee (I'm not sure that he's as wooden as some reviewers comment, but his \\"It's all in God's hands now\\" does become a bit stale by the end); Jeff Daniels is quite affecting as Chamberlain (he has an appropriate academic air and portrays an amateur's sense of warfare); Sam Elliott as the hard-bitten, crusty Buford is almost perfectly cast; Tom Berenger does a nice job portraying Longstreet's discomfort with strategy and tactics and a foreboding of the battle's outcome.  Secondary characters are played well, too, such as Stephen Lang's George Picket, Richard Jordan's Lew Armistead, and Kevin Conway's Sergeant Kilrain.  All in all, the acting is quite well done.<br /><br />The scope of the movie?  It begins with the hours before the meeting engagement at Gettysburg (this was an \\"accidental\\" battle with neither side anticipating a great fight there).  Among the scenes is a delightful meeting among Armistead, Pickett, and Longstreet in which a pleasantly diverting discussion of Charles Darwin takes place.<br /><br />The first day featured the confrontation between Harry Heth's division and Buford's cavalry.  As the pressure begins to be too much, General John Reynolds, at the head of the fearsome fighter of the First Corps arrives.  At this point, the movie gets a but fuzzy historically.  One gets the sense that the line starts collapsing at one place as the Iron Brigade arrives at another, under the direct command of Reynolds.  This is misleading; the forces to the immediate north of the Iron Brigade did not collapse until after Reynolds' placement of the fighting Westerners and his death.  The day ends with a powerful meeting between Buford and the Union generals gathering at Gettysburg.<br /><br />On the Second Day, the key action in the movie includes Devil's Den and Little Round Top.  On that day, much more happened, including desperate fighting on Cemetery Ridge and Culp's Hill, not depicted in this movie (but the movie is already long at 4 hours, so this is merely a minor quibble).  The DVD accepts pretty much without question Chamberlain's rather self-serving version of the 20th Maine's stalwart fight, protecting the left flank of the Union army.  Nonetheless, this is a powerful scene and works most nicely.<br /><br />The Third Day?  The focus is Pickett's Charge (technically a misnomer, since other divisions were involved as well (Pettigrew and Trimble commanded troops as well).  The tension of the day is well portrayed.  E. Porter Alexander directed a massive cannonade to try to wreak havoc on the Union Center.  At the close of the barrage, the 12,000-15,000 Confederate troops are shown beginning their doomed charge.  The music swells in a most affecting scene.  And then the carnage begins, with Union artillery and later rifled musket fire decimating the attackers.<br /><br />Much poignancy in this third day.  The personal courage of Hancock (which appears to be historically accurate), the brave last stand by Armistead (also correct), the effort by Lee to inspire his troops after the repulse, and so on.<br /><br />There are some historical glitches here.  The movie misses many dramatic moments (although how could it be otherwise with the time limitations of a movie format?).  On the whole, however, thisis a powerful version of the critical battle at Gettysburg.  Well worth watching.is a powerful version of the critical battle at Gettysburg.  Well worth watching.
0743289684|4.0|This book is brilliantly written - I am frustrated when other reviewers refer to this woman's experiences as stories or tales. Rather, Hirsi Ali manages to accompany this compelling and at times horrifying narrative with an account of her own personal and intellectual development. I also admire the author's honesty, though I think at times she does veer into a bit of idealism. My only other issue with this book, or perhaps the author, is that Hirsi Ali continued to identify herself as a Muslim when indeed she had become an atheist - I don't think there is anything wrong with being an atheist, but in many ways, I understood that things were difficult enough for her as it was.      This book was especially valuable to me as someone who has always been interested in Islam. I used my Religion minor in college to take many courses on Islamic studies, and in the process, I read much about Islam, and even wrote many papers defending Islam, urging others to separate Islam - the religion of peace with the harsh realities of much of the Muslim world. This book was indeed well written, yet reading it, I was incredibly uncomfortable - like any good book, it challenged many of my arguments and ideas. I am heading down the path to become an academic and admittedly, I live in a world of ideas, a world where I become frustrated when people cannot separate reality from the realm of ideas. This book showed me that perhaps I need to rethink my stance - my ideas as well as those of many liberal or western Islamists are wonderful in an attempt to truly understand Islam, but in many ways, this apologist stance is really not helping the situation. Muslims all around the world are suffering, especially Muslim women, and turning a blind eye to this suffering in attempt to ideologically separate religion, tradition, culture, and history is useless - these people will continue to suffer. After reading this book, I am more encouraged to stop being so defensive of Islam, and instead, assess thereality - in the end, this is the world we live in and the world we need to change.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This show is a must have!  If you want to save some money though, buy it in store at target.  It should only be $19.99 there.
B000RF1QDI|4.0|As far as HD goes, the colors in the movie are quite amazing. They were bright to begin with on SD, and shine very bright in the HD version. Few specks or EE here and there, but nothing to write home about. This is a disc you can show friends. They will say \\"Whoa\\" freaky bright colors. In the \\"Hell\\" scenes it is very dreary and dark, and does a pretty good job with black levels. The only part the disc suffers is in Audio. Perhaps they dont do lossless sound because it's mainly a talky movie I dont know, I just wish the audio had more oomph. So, dont expect a WOW factor with audio.    Now as for the movie, you will either love it, or hate it. It's a head trip, and challenges your notions about God,heaven,hell, etc. If you dont want a \\"thinking cap\\" movie with a taste for the dreary at times, this is not for you. If you like \\"Different weird\\" movies, this is for you.
B000BGR0OM|5.0|The Eurythmics were a real superstar band during the 1980's with their superb female lead vocalist Anie Lennox, with her rich melodic place, and earned their place in the annals of pop history.<br />This album showcases the best of their work including such fantastic hits as the hypnotic Love Is a Stranger, the melodic beat of Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This) and the vibey pop of Thorn in My Side.<br />an important testament to 80's music.
B000R4SMD6|3.0|Hopkins is a great actor and can always pull off any character he plays.  The story line was too weak.  It had the potential to be a good suspenseful story, but lacked enough substance.  It was ok for a rental.  I wouldn't buy this movie.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|The series showed an amazing view of wildlife around the world.  The animal footage is superb and the variety of environments explored was expertly filmed using appropriate techniques, yielding a clean picture.  One cautionary note is that the stories in each episode portray the circle of life and the foodchain, sometimes quite violently.  For people who can handle the reality of nature, this is a fascinating glimpse into these intricate systems.  One criticism is that the commentary is occasionally cheesy and repetitive.  However, there are jokes embedded and David Attenborough delivers the text well.  The diaries sections are particularly interesting since they highlight the difficulties of filming in different areas and place the environments in a greater context.  Overall, the viewer can expect to finish the series with a greater understanding and appreciation of the shifting global environment and awe of the complexities of nature.
B00005JLKN|2.0|A remake of \\"Manhunter.\\" William Petersen (CSI recent), Brian Cox, Michael Mann's pre-Miami Vice version of \\"Red Dragon\\" is head and shoulders above the Hopkins version. Go to [[ASIN:B0000509C1 Manhunter (Director's Cut, Limited Edition Set)]] for the original.     The linked version of Manhunter includes both versions, the key difference being the ending many saw when the movie was released, then wondered what happened to when they saw the movie on for-charge TV broadcasts.
0349113912|5.0|I love this book. My copy is completely worn out - I rarely re-read a book, but I did this one. I forced it on all my friends. Very sick and hilarious!
B000FDFVZ6|4.0|Great read. First 3/4 of the book were really good. Falls short in the end.But worth a read.
9504916007|5.0|Cuando empece a leer tenia grandes espectativas sobre este libro y me complace poder afirmar que no me decepcion en lo absoluto.      La Sombra de Viento es una novela donde el misterio y el amor se entrelazan magistralmente en una serie de historias que te haran sentir que realmente te encuetras junto a Daniel y Fermin recorriendo las calles de la Barcelona de mediados del siglo XX, tratando de decifrar el misterio alrededor de ese libro titulado \\"La Sombra del Viento\\".  Si quieres tener una lectura que te atrape entre sus pginas debes leer este libro, creme ser todo un viaje...
B000V4UFZK|1.0|It's funny, I had just dug up my soundtrack CD of this the other day and was listening to it, and wondering when we were going to get the special edition that's been talked about for years. And years. And years. I think we've been all wanting to see the legendary deleted scenes; God knows if those still exist or have been rotting away in film cans. Warners is usually so great at their releases: why even BOTHER with this? More double dipping to come? Who cares about a documentary about \\"real\\" poltergeists, unless it's just one of many supplements? Hate to be negative, but this is the biggest disappointment since the dismal Todd-AO transfer on the latest \\"Oklahoma\\" DVD.
0525476881|4.0|Colin Singleton is a child prodigy with a thing for girls named Katherine. Unfortunately, they don't seem to have the same \\"thing\\" for him.<br /><br />This story is all about character development.  And even though we know which way Colin's character is going to develop, we don't know how it's going to happen, making this book predictable in unpredictable ways.  Ironic, since part of the story is about predicting relationships.  Quite clever.  :)<br /><br />This book is proof that one can successfully write a non-edgy YA novel.  And it was laugh-out-loud-funny in many places.  A definite re-read is in the future.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|Nobody deserves this special treat, no one. It is simply too perfect, too wonderful, too beautiful. I  feel that I have seen something I oughtn't to have seen, that I have intruded on something glorious and magnificent and therefore private. What a grandly conceived project, so sweet, so sour. One wants so much for it to continue and yet one yearns for the happy ending we know is coming. The acting is exquisite. The sets, the costumes! Artistic perfection is achievable, by God.
0743454537|4.0|This is my first Jodi Picoult novel, and I read it with rapt attention.  It was a really good read.  The subject is difficult and complex.  There are no easy answers, and I got caught up in the struggles and viewpoints of each of the characters.  I liked the device of having the story told in the voices of the characters.  I thought that Picoult was telling us that there is no easy black and white, either in human relationships or in ethics, and that the book, among other things, was an effort to explore the ambiguity and not to offer easy answers.  Like life.  As many reviewers have said, I also found the end disappointing and shocking, not so much for the actual event as for the technique.  After challenging us for the whole book about the grayness (as opposed to black and whiteness that might be easier), she chooses to end the book with an event that seems not only circumstantial and contrived, but also to in the end give the lie to her whole book about the ambiguity of human relationships and ethical questions.  In the end, it IS about black and white.  We don't have to worry about the future of the characters and the continuing struggles to deal with the complexities of the central issue of their lives, because it's been decided for us.  I can understand the difficulty and challenge of ending this book - I can't imagine how I would have done it, although I have some thoughts.  It seems as though Picoult herself couldn't end it, and opted for an easy way out.  While the ending doesn't spoil the book for me, I would like to have seen what Picoult could do with an ending that was, like the book, ambiguous, challenging, and not black and white, an ending that kept the reader thinking and wondering.
B0006GAI6Y|4.0|I gave this 4 stars but that was before seeing the original japanese version, and Amazon won't let you edit that part!  I did think in the back of my head \\"too much Susan s. in the movie, and Lopez was TOO elusive but wasn't confident enough in my assessment to write it.  But the original confirms my suspicon (guess I have better movie insticts than i thought!), that, the wife is PART of the movie but in no way is supposed to be the main idea.  The main courses were supposed to be of course Gere (and he was) and LOPEZ, which she was not.  The wife was suppose to be just background, and, having her star instead was frankly, boring!    Anyway, I'll keep the rest of what I said, but w/adding there's too much surandon and too little of lopez:  Richard Gere at (what he must be like) 85 or so, gorgeous as ever playing the loyal and faithful husband to Susan S.  I like the way there was no romance between the two most beautiful characters, as predictable as that usually is - but the two are attracted to each other for deeper reasons - Gere saw in Lopez's face what he was feeling inside, and that's what attracts the two.  I've been just recently a fan of Susan S., and she doesn't dissappoint -- most of the movie has her in the scenes which is just too much, as the story is not meant for her to star but for Lopez and Gere to star.  Another treat had been the gorgeous costumes worn by Lopez - reasonable camera time was given to them from different angles.  Some of the characters are silly, specifically the fat lady and the sensual gay man--just silly and unrealistic.  I think it could have been better, I have a gripe when inferior characters take away from a potentially good movie.  Or is that just the way people act in CHICAGO?, because where I live, it's just unrealistic.  Back to the good:  Gere, Susan S., and Lopez--dream cast.  I like the dance teacher too, cute character.
B0007OASII|5.0|I will admit, for a very long time, I only basically listened to the first three songs of this album.  I was absolutely in love with those songs but I rarely ventured past them (except for perhaps my first couple listens of the Black Halo).  However, with the release of \\"Ghost Opera\\" (the absolute pinnacle of metal), I've returned to \\"The Black Halo\\" more, in my hunger for more Kamelot.  \\"The Black Halo\\" differs from \\"Epica\\" before it in that \\"Epica\\" is very easily listenable but doesn't really dig as deep or vary as much (I believe, like many people, that Kamelot has been evolving a each subsequent album has been better than the previous.  Although, admittedly, I'm really beginning to like \\"Karma\\" now.)    Although it does take a little while to get past the first three songs (which completely blow you away), there is much to be had in the rest of the album, as well.  Here is my breakdown of the songs (I'm skipping the interludes):    1. March of Mephisto - 10/10 This is the song that really got me into Kamelot.  It's heavy, and powerful (and with backup vocals which make the song).  This song really showcases Khan's voice.  The beat does reminded you of a March (though a very heavy one).  2. When the Lights are Down - 9/10 I really liked this song initially but it's appeal has faded some.  The verses are very good.  Like March of Mephisto, it's also very catchy but not as heavy.  3. The Haunting (Somewhere in Time) - 10/10 I absolutely love this Kamelot voice.  Ironically, this was one of the few songs I was slightly disappointed by when I saw them live.  I guess that speaks for the recorded version.  Simone Simons from Epica sings along with Khan in this song.  While I don't particularly like Epica, Simone is a very, very nice singer and blends very well with Khan.  The solo and bridge a particularly good but the whole song is great.  Somewhere in the middle between soft and heavy.  4. Soul Society - 9/10 This song took a long time to grow on me.  Now that I'm coming back to it, though, I think it's wonderful.  It's very introspective.  It starts off sort of slow and gets faster as it gets closer to the chorus.  5. Abandoned - 10/10 This is the song I've discovered after owning \\"The Black Halo\\" for quite awhile.  It is a ballad but it's truly one of the best Kamelot ballads ever (this is where \\"The Black Halo\\" is one step above \\"Ghost Opera\\").  Khan's voice is beautiful when gentle (well, there isn't much he isn't good at.)  In the middle of the song, there is a replay of \\"Helena's Theme\\" from \\"Epica\\" and the whole orchestra comes in when Khan and the female singer go together back into the chorus.  A very moving song.  6. This Pain - 7.5/10 This is where the album starts to get a little repetative.  This is not a bad song in any regard but it does not particularly stand out for me in any way.  7. Moonlight - 8.5/10 I really like the intro to this song.  This is a song I'm still exploring somewhat (I don't really know it that well) but I'm really liking it.  8. The Black Halo - 8/10 Very good intro but not by any means, the best song of the album for a title song.  Pretty good song.  9. Nothing Ever Dies - 8.5/10 This song has a very long, great solo.  The chorus is very catchy.  Although, it lacks the substance that was present earlier in the album.  10. Memento Mori - 9.5/10 This song has really grown on me a great deal.  It beens very softly, very introspectively, almost like another ballad, and then it grows heavier later on.  It's a very long song, nearly 9 minutes, the climax of the story the album tells.  I love the main rift, the chorus is wonderful - it shows the strength of earlier in the album (\\"I am the god of my own history\\").  Why I didn't give it a 10 is because of it's length.  There's too much too it, it starts to get jumbled after awhile.  But the main part of song is wonderful, a great climax.  11. Serenade - 7.5/10 I have to say that this is one Kamelot song I'm not particularly fond of.  It doesn't really have anything to do with the rest of the album.  It's still Kamelot, though, and Kamelot is amazing.  I don't really believe anything they do goes beneath around a 7.    Overall, I think the biggest flaw of the album is the fact that the end doesn't quite measure up to the beginning (although, Memento Mori does remedy this some).  Check out \\"Ghost Opera\\" for an even stronger album:   [[ASIN:B000PA9PMY Ghost Opera]]  On the other hand, I am judging them very harshly because I hold them to very high standards.  Keep in mind, I'm still giving them a five because I still think this album is a masterpiece.  There are some songs on here which can't be matched.
B000PTYPAC|3.0|When I first purchased this CD, I wasn't sure what I was going to get. The bottom line: it's an aquired taste. The beats and lyrics are very catchy and fast-paced, but the down side for me is Hayley William's voice. Some love it, others not so much. To me it sounds as though she's straining her voice to reach higher notes, and it just leaves a sort of screechy feeling that eventually becomes highly irritating. She does have a good voice though, but I think she'd be better off performing a different style of music...<br />  The best song, in my opinion, would be \\"Let the Flames Begin\\" tied with \\"Misery Business\\". The first is very different than Paramore's usual stuff, and has a darker, more intense (though very danceable) tone and beat. \\"Misery Business\\" just begs whoever is listening to sing along.<br />  If you don't mind singers with a sharp-edged voice that doesn't stop, and love pop-punk, than I recommend this CD for you. Otherwise you might want to rent it at the library first to see if you like it.
0743496728|5.0|I put off reading this book because the subject matter of a high school shooting seemed unappealing and I didn't see how it would be an enjoyable book.  So I was surprised that while the topic was grim, the book was thoughtful but not depressing.    Jodi Picoult is especially gifted at bringing the characters in her book to life and making them seem real with many facets.  It wouldn't seem possible that an author would be skilled enough to make you feel sympathetic to the shooter, but she somehow manages it, yet without in any way making it acceptable or condoning it.    The characters are skillfully woven from every perspective - student, parent, attorney, policy officer, shooter, victim, judge. Unlike some of the other books I've read recently, the various stories, people and points of view connect and intersect, so the multiple angles serve to tell the complete story.    Some reviewers have criticized the \\"surprise\\" ending that some of Jodi Picoult's books contain, but that is one of the things that I like and what gives the books additional impact.  But I think what I like most about this book and many of her others is her ability to make the characters believable and real, even in situations and circumstances that are uncommon and tragic.      Be prepared to want to stop everything to keep reading this book - it really engages and holds your interest.
B000OCXF0Q|1.0|Avril Lavigne is a talented singer. I own all of her previous albums, and loved her for many years. Trust me, I know what I'm saying when I say that this album is a different creature altogether.<br />It is, honestly and personally, the worst album I've ever listened to. Music means a lot to me and I focus on the quality and originality of an album before I say even the slightest thing bad about it. \\"The best Damn Thing\\" on the album is the highly catchy \\"Keep Holding On\\", which has a legit point and worth-while music. But \\"Girlfriend\\", which has gained major popularity, is not only highly irritating, it's also highly shallow, I guess you could say. Maybe there was more to Avril than met the eye, or maybe she just changed, it's hard to say, because I am not her. But this album is something I'd expect from an rebellious Hannah Montana, not Avril. As a singer/song writer myself, I can only say that she lost quite a few fans on the day this CD was released.<br />  I am not saying that this CD is bad for everyone, of course. But it is not for the fans who enjoyed the rocker she used to be, or seemed to be. \\"The Best Damn Thing\\" is more pop then rock for reasons I do not understand. I am glad I had the chance to see her live on her last tour before her music changed. We miss you Avril, but we know the difference between powerful music and meaningless sell-outs, if that is in fact what it is.
B000O75F7C|5.0|As I stated in the review I made about PT's \\"Sky moves sideways\\", I have been a very loyal fan of this band since the mid nineties, due to what I understand is the revitalization of progressive-psychodelic sound in rock music drawing upon early and mid seventies Pink Floyd and \\"Krautrock\\" sound, as well as the contemporary electronic-ambient music, achieved by PT since their album \\"Signify\\" onwards.<br />\\"Fear of a blank planet\\" restate in a contemporary progressive sound a subject that, although already treated in the past -youth alienation produced by their relationship with the media (even they did so indirectly in the album \\"Stupid Dream\\")- hits home with a fresh rendition by PT. The fact that Porcupine Tree gets the contribution of musicians of the stature of Rush's Alex Lifeson and Robert Fripp shows the respect that the band enjoys among the best of the progressive rock community. Steven Wilson and partners prove again their artistry with long, atmospheric and structured long songs, with a bit of structured improvisation and metal indulgences in the piece \\"Anesthetize\\", which runs for 17 minutes, although as a whole this is one of their shorter and more compact album, because it does not run for more than 51 minutes!!! And again they prove to masters of nuance, time changes, alternation between hard noise and soft ballad singing. As other reviewers have said, here we have a band in a perfect commmand of a complex and diverse vocabulary of music as well as a good deal of instrumental technique: great guitars and keyboards performances as well as excellent percussion, drumming and bass guitar support. Porcupine Tree in fact has done all the should be done to be credited as an excellent band.<br />Having said that I must express a worry. Where will PT go from this stage on? Many of the PT's fans, me included, are not precisely \\"blank of a fear\\" that Porcupine Tree is very closed to the point in which it tends to repeat itself, because no substantive progress is perceived from the former album, \\"Deadwing\\", to \\"Fear of a blank planet\\".<br />It is probably necessary for Porcupine Tree to just begin to \\"mess all this over\\", to drop their current comfort in what they are doing (and do very well) and begin to experiment again, because that sense of \\"experiment\\", of opening new fields of musical innovation, is lacking in their two last productions. I have the feeling of being very far away of the sense of wonder I experienced with \\"Signify\\" and \\"In Absentia\\".<br />In spite of that, I give 5 points to this album, in the name of their excellence, of the perfect performance, and the mastery of their material and instruments. But I will be waiting for more next time.ved from the former album, \\"Deadwing\\", to \\"Fear of a blank planet\\".  It is probably necessary for Porcupine Tree to just begin to \\"mess all this over\\", to drop their current comfort in what they are doing (and do very well) and begin to experiment again, because that sense of \\"experiment\\", of opening new fields of musical innovation, is lacking in their two last productions. I have the feeling of being very far away of the sense of wonder I experienced with \\"Signify\\" and \\"In Absentia\\".  In spite of that, I give 5 points to this album, in the name of their excellence, of the perfect performance, and the mastery of their material and instruments. But I will be waiting for more next time.
B000FTWB7G|3.0|Evanescence's previous release was \\"Fallen,\\" and it seems a bit harder music-wise then their last release, \\"The Open Door.\\" Then again, \\"The Open Door\\" seems a bit more depressing than \\"Fallen\\", excluding the song \\"Good Enough\\". I think they chose an appropriate cover because the CD seems more elegant then \\"Fallen\\", which is exactly what this CD is like. More orchestra parts. Also, the song \\"Like You\\" is very dark, and has got to be one of the best on the album. Anyway, I would have given it four stars if it weren't for the fact I've found myself listening to this album less and less then their original album. I do not regret buying it in the least, though, and I think anyone who liked their original CD would like their second, at least a little bit, and should get it. Amy Lee's voice seems to have issues in this album, however. At times it sounds like she's straining, and sometimes it just sounds bad for a second. I'm not sure why, but their previous CD wasn't like that as much.
0739302752|4.0|So many times in this marketing-focused world, we do very well at the talking but not very good at the walking. Many of us have seen amazing sales presentations . . . only to realize that the promises would never be met.<br /><br />This book engages us in the discussion about how to do what we promise. It helps us to go beyond the sales presentation and really design a process by which we can follow through, build relationships and live a life that is full of integrity and trustworthiness.
0064407667|5.0|You wouldn't buy this book if you know what's good for you. It's the beginning of an obsession that I still cannot come to terms with. Only if you are brave and noble, should you dare to lay your hands on The Bad Beginning. Because Lemony is not joking. It does things to you. Not just this book, but the whole series. They've changed my life to the point I lay awake at night-tossing and turning trying to solve every mystery by researching ever secret I can get my hands on. But it's all for the better. Please read this series. We need every Volunteer we can get to be able to make the world quiet again.
B000GPIPD8|5.0|The music of Jack White with the soul of Paul Rogers and Bad Company.  If you like music but hate pants, this is the album for you.
B000PFUAO6|3.0|I love Dream Theater. I own all their albums and DVD's. I'm sorry to say but I believe Systematic Chaos is a filler album, put together in a hurry in order to have something to sell. I have heard it several times and have found in it no really memorable songs or melodies. It certainly has its good parts (it is still DT after all), but not what you'd expect from this band. There is just too much improvising and too little filtering; it seems everything they recorded ended up in this album. I think Octavarium was much better. Also, I thought the political lyrics were heavy-handed and too Hollywoodesque for what has been called \\"thinking man's metal.\\"
B000FIMG68|5.0|I avoided Lost for a long time as I didn't want to invest in a serial without knowing there would be some conclusion.  We know there are at least three seasons of Lost, and so I bought season 1 and 2.  I got caught up in both seasons.  I am impressed with the writing, the dialog and formula on how each character is featured and we learn more and more about the mystery as we go along.  Beyond the vehicle of mystery, you watch the development of amazing actors and writing developing the characters.  As a small example, the pregnant woman who normally falls into a sweet daisy flower category, was kidnapped and later escaped.  She lost her memory of the incident, and had an episode where she went back to the place where she was abducted.  You could finally see her determination and strength to face the demons of her kidnapping.  We learn more about the island through each episode along with the cross-stories and history that tie all these unrelated characters together.  You can see the potential in characters development beyond the stereotypes they fall into.  Things hop along with great action and story development and perspectives.  No character is sacred and there are some shocking storylines.  There is this mystery set up about the island so I believe there is always potential that noone dies and is mysteriously healed!  The island itself is a character and is so beautiful in the locations filmed.  It is interesting to see this grove of trees where the characters hide a lot get thinner and thinner.  There are some inside jokes played in this season Charlie gets lines about, such as, \\"Didn't you see the polar bear?\\"  I love the development of the Korean couple and how dynamic (and hot!) they are.  The Korean husband without his shirt can rival Sawyer.  There is brutality and sweetness in this couple's story and in all the stories.  I like the ending of Season 2 how they turned one major character and made him deeper and yet you could understand the dilemma.  Season 2does leave the innocence of the first season and delve into the mystery deeper.  You meet other survivors and new characters and clear up some clues left from Season 1 as you continue.  Movie-quality acting, storytelling, and special effects.  Exciting and dynamic.  Humorous and sweet.  Shocking and brutal.  I am hooked.  I love this show.
B000QGAU4E|2.0|I had heard so much about this movie and then rented it only to find it was totally boring and not at all what I expected. A real who gives a #*! movie! Don't waste your time.
0671646788|5.0|If you think you can, you're right; if you think you can't, you're right also. 'Magic' is a great addition to any self-help library - David Schwartz offers concise and well illustrated advice on improving your every day life. Varying from discussions on positive thinking, to dressing smart, using goals, and overcoming the fear of failure, there is something for everyone in this book. Highly recommended.
B000PA9Q6E|5.0|Only an artist as dominating as Muddy Waters could claim his THIRD-BEST period, in the twilight of his years, to be as fantastic as the Blue Sky sessions! With the help of the powerhouse unit featuring Muddy's protege Bob Margolin on the third guitar, veterans Big Eyes Smith and Pinetop Perkins, and young bassist Charles Calmese, Muddy and pals blast the hell out of Muddy's classics and anything else in sight! Also get the extended version of \\"Mississippi Muddy Live\\", \\"The Lost Sessions\\", and even the live Mud on obscure labels... \\"it's all meat from that same bone.\\" (Willie Dixon 1967).  or...\\"It makes my pee pee hard again.\\" (McKinley Morganfield 1977)
0887307280|5.0|E-Myth revolves around a simple, but a very insightful idea by Michael Gerber: each small business founder has three personalities, and the success or failure of the venture depends on the founders ability to carefully balance the influence of each. Usually, the business is started by the 'Technician' who loves his work, and the 'Manager' and the 'Entrepreneur' personalities are in the backseat. However, this is where most small businesses go wrong: the 'Technician' overtakes everybody else, resulting in 16 hour work days, drudgery, and eventual disillusionment with the dream.<br /><br />Instead, Michael Gerber stresses the need to develop systems and manuals to delegate the work of the technician to the employees, allowing you to become a 'Manager'. Likewise, eventually you will be able to replace the managers to become an entrepreneur - realizing your dream and the reason you started the business.<br /><br />The author provides a great example of a typical small business (a pie shop), how it has gone wrong, and what it will take to bring it back on course. The book is detailed, even wordy at times, but it is worth every minute for anyone who has ever ran, or planning to start a small business.
1582701709|5.0|The information in this book is nothing new, but it gives a fresh perpective on how we can apply these principles to our own lives. Although I don't agree with everything in it, I give it 5 stars, because it's a timely message indeed. Catwoman \\"Seminary Bookworm\\" said:     \\"She seems to claim that we can be our own mini Gods, and I found some of the language that she used to be downright offensive to the Christian beleifs that I have.\\"    As I stated in a comment to this review by Catwoman: As a Christian, I learned to be a 'naysayer' along with the best of 'em. And sadly, I cheated myself out of much that God had for me, because the result was a person ridden with too much guilt and fear to receive. The bottom line is this: God's principles work, and rain falls on the just and the unjust. And according to your faith, so be it. These principles work. Period. Also, we Christians need to get over our aversion to others' terminology; mostly it's just semantics; another way of saying the same thing.
B00028HBKM|4.0|any film that deals with Jesus is bound to stir up some kind of controversy and this film had alot of people split. the depictions and the Blood and intensity kept you on the edge.  the film was captivating in the directing and overall story telling and the various perspectives that capture your mind set upon digesting all that is taken place.  I found the pacing of this film to be very incredible and it just moved me. the Cross scene and the nailing parts were deep and very Profound. the film is two hours and i felt it flew by. it asnwered alot of questions and also made you see things in a completely different light. very Powerful and a very Good film.
1400063515|1.0|Just listen to the publishers silly gushings:  \\"Taleb . . .administers a severe thrashing to MBA- and Nobel Prize-credentialed experts . . .  roller-coaster passages, bordering on gleeful diatribes, on why experts are wrong. They neglect Taleb's metaphor of \\"the black swan,\\" whose discovery invalidated the theory that all swans are white.\\"  It's the poor Black Swan that takes the drubbing, beaten to senselessness by Taleb's tedious and rambling imputing of gravitas to a rather banal point of view.  It was, for example, not at all a theory that all swans were white, it was an observation.  So when a black swan showed up thousands of miles away, it did not turn science or anything else on its head, great thinkers did not leap from tall buildings, science was not reduced to a shambles, though Taleb would have us think so.  That the appearance of occasional 'outliers', some of historic significance is the true engine of history is central to Taleb's thesis. If this perspective excites you, go ahead, read and admire it.  As for me, I want my money back.  I would given this 2 stars for effort, but the author and publisher have already given this book way too much credit, so subtract  a star for hubris.
B000CRKW9A|5.0|STEVEN LANG and JENNIFER JASON LEIGH dominate this virtually picture-perfect view of Brooklyn circa 1950.  A sad and moving mix of Union Dispute [Teamster strike}, confused sexual identity [identeties], anger and misplaced love.<br /><br />Lang is excellent [more than that] as the love-torn Strike Captain - totally oblivious of 'the nature of things' - Jaosn-Leigh - more than award worthy for her \\"Tral\\" - perhaps the whore with the platinum heart?  Totally oblivious of long-term goals - living from sailer to sailer ...<br /><br />Art/Set direction and design, wardrobe, etc - spot on.<br /><br />Highly worth the visit - if you can -  \\"Father Knows Best\\" it ain't!<br />Could be fun to pair Jason-Leigh and Lang as \\"George & Martha\\" and watch the conflagration ........<br /><br />{DVD is great]
1594489505|5.0|I wasn't sure how the next book would rate compared to \\"The Kite Runner\\", as I loved it very much.  But I found myself just as absorbed, and actually liked this book a bit better.  I would recommend \\"Splendid\\" to everyone I know.
B000MZHW40|4.0|Frankly, Im not the biggest DiCaprio fan, but i really liked him in this, he was very believable as a white Rhodisian, though his accent goes in and out, sometimes it is spot on and other times it is...well..not..The movie has a brisk pace and it very violent, but it always felt real and you really want the characters to succeed.  The film has an authentic feel, I suppose from the fact it was accually filmed in Africa.  If this movie does not have you rethinking your diamond purchase, you need to check your ekg, you may be missing your heart.  Highly recommended.
B000PMGS8G|5.0|The five star rating is for the movie, not for Universal's DVD.  I saw this film in the theatre as a teenager and became a Flash fanatic, buyng the soundtrack album, novel, t-shirts, the Atari2600 video game, poster and eventually the awful Beta and VHS pan and scan versions of the film on home video.  When the Laserdisc came out in widescreen I was in heaven. The first DVD I bought was the original Universal DVD release of FLASH GORDON (bought DUNE at the same time) and I was underwhelmed because the print of the film was identical to the laserdisc, and it wasn't a great print and the DVD didn't even have the theatrical trailer that the Laserdisc had.  The new SAVIOUR OF THE UNIVERSE EDITION has a lot of good stuff to be said for it but it sure is a shame that the scoundrels at Universal decided to omit all the commentaries that were recorded and included on the European release.  They should really be ashamed of themselves.  On the other hand, I've never seen the picture quality look better.  It really pops.  The sound is better than before as well and since the movie is the most important thing about the release it can be said that this DVD delivers.  There is an excellent interview with artist Alex Ross who did the new cover art.  The packaging of the DVD is outstanding and unique.  It looks great, but with such an awesome box you would expect that there would be more content on the disc.  There is a short interview with Lorenzo Semple Jr. and the charming theatrical trailer is once again included (although it is not listed on the box).  There is a \\"trailer\\" (if you can call a ten second look at the logo for the new series a trailer) for the Sci-fi show that I can't believe Universal had the nerve to call a bonus feature.  Also a fairly boring episode of the old serial.  Thats it.  No deleted scenes, no behind the scenes or making of or present day interviews with cast, no gag real, no production notes.  In other words there is nothing that would REALLY interestFLASH GORDON fans who have been waiting for a definitive release of this film.  Again SHAME ON UNIVERSAL.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|Man, this is could very well be the most awesome manly movie since Predator! This film is an absolute feast for the senses, and the Blu-Ray picture quality makes it even better! It's a straightforward tale of bravery and manliness where 300 free men stood against the thousands of pawns of a deranged tyrant. I am part Greek so naturally I really dug the historical aspect of this movie, even though obviously it's based on a comic book so it's not entirely accurate. This is a great film, do not miss it!
B000Q6GUTI|4.0|For those of you who like rip-roaring action flicks with a few moments to ponder, you could do a lot worse than to check out \\"Shooter\\".    Wahlberg plays the character of Bob Lee Swagger, an ex-military sniper living in the remote Arkansas mountains who was left to die by his superiors in Ethopia. He's contacted by a Colonel (Danny Glover) who asks him to come out of retirement to \\"plan an assassination of the President\\" in order to out-think a suspected plot by terrorists to do just that. However, the Colonel represents a faction of conspirators within the US government and Swagger has been chosen as their prime patsy for the crime. Of course, Swagger doesn't die so easily and ends up on the run from the government and the conspirators, seeking to clear his name and expose the conspiracy.    The film has great cinematography, unique action sequences, good script, character development and an interesting plot. I quite liked Fuqua's previous effort \\"Training Day\\", and was not disappointed by \\"Shooter\\".    There is some very interesting political commentary in the film. When Swagger is kicking back in his cabin in Akansas, there's a copy of the 9-11 Commission Report next to his computer and he clicks on a news website stating, \\"Let's see what kind of lies they're selling us today\\". When the Colonel asks him to save the life of the President, he bluntly states, \\"Don't like this president much. Didn't much like the one before that, neither\\". There's a couple of monologues by the bad guys that show their contempt for regular folks and the corrupt Senator at the center of the web who states toward the end, \\"The truth is what I say it is!\\"    Shades of the Bush neocons and their \\"reality-creation\\" paradigm.    There's also more than a little bit of a nod towards the JFK assassination as well, with an old guns & ammo prof making hints about it, as well as parallels with 9-11 and Iraq. There's also a reference to Abu Ghraib as well, with an ex-shooter telling Swagger, \\"It'sonly the little guys that get busted... but they knew about it all the way to the top\\" (paraphrasing).    Despite the commentary, it doesn't quite go \\"all the way\\". The conspirators are a \\"rogue faction\\", although it's hinted that there are more people in the network. The government as a whole are still presented as the \\"good guys\\" that don't know they've been infiltrated. Despite that the bad guys are obviously psychopathic characters, there's a mention made of \\"basic human weakness\\" at one point - leading the audience back to the old \\"power corrupts\\" chestnut, which does not really reflect the truth: that \\"power attracts the corrupt\\".    Still, I think this movie does what it does very well. Recommended.
0385733577|5.0|Very interesting story.  Interesting and likable characters.  I do hope this series will be made into a movie franchise.
B00005JPQR|5.0|Paul Greengrass has stepped into the director's shoes for this third installment of the Jason Bourne identity crisis and in doing so has created nearly two hours of tension that would make Robert Ludlum proud!  This is an example of how Hollywood can shine when it integrates all of the components of an 'action suspense thriller' by capitalizing on finding the best contributors available - actors, producers, cameramen, stunt men, script (Tony Gilroy, George Nolfi and Scott Z. Burns), composer of music (John Powell), editors - everyone of the hundreds required to pull off this superlative film.  It is as fine as any thriller can be and reflects the intensity of concentration and understatement and respect for the viewers' intellect that crowned his excellent UNITED 93 and THE BOURNE SUPREMACY.  The result is a polished movie that remains compelling from the opening frame to the final credits.<br /><br />For those who have read or watched Ludlum's Bourne trilogy the story line is at core very simple: Jason Bourne has lost his memory and struggles through terrifying confrontations with all governments and potential assassins, endures relentless chases, and defies the machinations of the world's intelligence sources to discover his true identity.  The rest of the novels and films are the how.<br /><br />Matt Damon has come into his own as an electrifying screen presence as Jason Bourne: his acting is keen and his ability to hold our concern through impossible situations would be difficult to duplicate by other actors of this genre. The supporting cast includes such superb actors as Joan Allen, David Strathairn, Scott Glenn, Albert Finney, Paddy Considine, Daniel Br&uuml;hl, Joey Ansah and a very large cast of others.  The pacing and use of Intelligence techniques is extraordinary and is beautifully captured by the cinematography of DP Oliver Wood and finessed by the editing of Christopher Rouse.<br /><br />One aspect of this film that is the most frightening is to observe just how invasive the Intelligence portions of our government can be: there seemingly are no secrets about even the most personal aspects of our lives that cannot be flashed on multiscreens in the war room of the CIA and associated organizations.  Perhaps this film will be a red flag to alert  public attention as to how our right to privacy has been so visibly raped by the government in the name of security - a factor that makes watching this excellent movie even more terrifying!  Grady Harp, August 07elligence portions of our government can be: there seemingly are no secrets about even the most personal aspects of our lives that cannot be flashed on multiscreens in the war room of the CIA and associated organizations.  Perhaps this film will be a red flag to alert  public attention as to how our right to privacy has been so visibly raped by the government in the name of security - a factor that makes watching this excellent movie even more terrifying!  Grady Harp, August 07
B00007AJF8|2.0|After viewing it for myself, I feel that most of the comments made about the movie are seriously misleading (The good reviews were the reason that I purchased the movie in the first place). There are some aspects of the movie that I consider well thought out and interesting, but the movie itself falls short of all the \\"ingenious, original, modern masterpiece\\" nonsense that is said about it. During the first half of the movie, my expectations were high that this was going to turn out to be an offbeat indie movie comparable to the works of Michel Gondry . . . . that is not the case at all.   The beginning of the movie, like I said before seemed promising. . . . the main character is an unemployed puppeteer who is truly gifted with creative genius in his art. Unfortunately for him, his line of work is a dying breed and because he is a nameless no one, he lives his life in obscurity, giving performances on street corners, which even there are not well received. Based on a suggestion by his wife (an eccentric sort herself, with numerous pets to compensate for lack thereof of children), he seeks employment. The only appealing job he finds remotely related to his line of work, is a job as a filing clerk, requiring someone with nimble hands. His new job is found on the 7 1/2 floor of an office building, where the ceilings are so low that workers have to hunch over in order to walk around it.     After dropping a file behind a cabinet, he accidental discovers a portal into the mind of John Malkovich. He crawls down it and finds that he can now see through the eyes of John, becoming him for 15 minutes. After which, he is flung out of the portal and is thrown into a ditch along the Jersey Turnpike. He and another coworker (a love interest for both him and his wife) quickly decide to use this discovery to make fast cash and market the portal as a sort of theme-park ride for individuals willing to pay out 200 dollars to go through the tunnel.     The plot takes a serious nosedive after this point. The remaining times that the main character or his wife go through the portal to be john Malkovich are basically for the sake of having sex with the main character's coworker in an out of body experience. . . which I thought was a disappointing turn in what could have been an otherwise very good movie. . . . Am I the only one that doesn't find it appealing to watch this kind of crap?     I don't understand how this can even remotely be considered a work of cinematic art. It uses sex, like so many other shallow movies, to cover up the empty space between the beginning and end of the movie to hold over the viewers interest and disguise a lack of substance in a poorly developed point in the plot.     The climax of the movie displays some of the same creative qualities that I found appealing in the introduction, but overall it just left me just hoping it would hurry up and end. . . . . . Needless to say I will not be watching this movie again anytime soon.
044651506X|5.0|I had about three or four dozen new literary finds stacked up behind me. A friend had come over for coffee and his eyes wandered over the cache of books behind me. We talked about this and that and at one point he said \\"You know, that book right there is better than all the others combined.\\" I looked a little surprised, but followed his gaze to \\"Plum Island.\\" I pulled it out of the pile and looked at it with renewed interest. \\"This one? Really?\\" With that, he nodded sagely. He had often recommended other books and had never steered me wrong before. And, boy! This was no exception! I think I read it all in one session. At each point when I had planned to put the book down for a bit, something else would pop up that made it impossible. I just KNEW I had the answer more than several times only to learn at the end that I hadn't had a clue. I'm amazed that anyone would feel that these characters were one dimensional and that they figured everything out half-way through. After I was through with it I immediately passed it on to my cousin and she had a similar positive experience with it....as did her friend who read it after her. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a well fleshed-out read with a lot of suspense and intrigue.
0765316978|5.0|Get all the info before you move to a new place.      At the end of The Ghost Brigades Jane Sagan is offered retirement because she has information that Colonial Union wold rather she not share around via Brainpal, so they cut her a deal to get her, John Perry, and the kid they acquired a nice new colony home.    That lasts for awhile until the mlitary again comes calling, wanting their help for a new colony. Because of their daughter's alien minders and their own backgrounds they don't quite trust everything that is going on, but decide to go anyway.    Eventually, this drops them in the middle of a rather large political and military disagreement.    Not sure if Charles Stross is a Mystery Science Theatre fan, but Lieutenant Stross is their space adapted human contact, from a branch of the Special Forces known as the 'Gamerans', for some rather visual reasons.    Quite a bit more involved, this book, being basically about politics, and rather well done as 'J&J' face some tough decisions about their new home and the Colonial Union.
B000E1MTZE|5.0|If you love the matrix and you want a something flashy, loud and cool to show off ur new HD DVD this is a no brainer!
0793563836|4.0|this is a good book to learn how to read music and learn the basics.  It takes more concentration, practice and effort to us but it is a great book
B000CCD0HQ|5.0|Wow!  I guess I never heard this recording before, just some third rate remix.  I bought the ZZ Six Pack years ago, then upgraded to the single CDs to get the real drums.<br /><br />This orignal mix sure is far different than those!  All for the better!  I've bought many CDs over and over again -- Zeppelin, Elton, Hendrix -- but this remaster is by far the most dramatic improvement! The drums are right in your face for one thing.  The clarity of the all the instruments is stunning.<br /><br />The extra live tunes are really raw and hint at the tone Billy uses on the new ZZ Top recordings.<br /><br />Its a must buy!
1401211909|5.0|I would be one of those people who checked out Neil Gaiman and Charles Vess' \\"Stardust: Being a Romance Within the Realms of Faerie\\" because they really enjoyed the movie \\"[[ASIN:B00005JPQL Stardust]].\\"  When I went to my local comic book store to pick up this week's comics I notice they had this elegant hardback edition of \\"Stardust,\\" which I took to be a sign that I should pick it up instead of trying to track down all of the issues on eBay.  So each night since seeing the movie I have been reading a couple of chapters of the book before turning out the lights, because it seemed the sort of thing that should be read in bed (actually, it seems like it should be read to somebody, but then the narrative flow of Gaiman's text would be broken up every time you had to show the person who was being read to the illustrations by Vess).<br /><br />One of the nice things about reading the book after seeing the movie, instead of the other way around, is that instead of bemoaning what has been altered, added or deleted you get to enjoy seeing the entire world of Faerie envisioned by Gaiman and illustrated by Vess.  As soon as you start reading Chapter 1, \\"In Which We Learn of the Village of Wall, and of the Curious Thing That Occurs There Every Nine Years,\\" you are aware of the differences, because Dunstan Thorn does not have to sneak past the two guards (not one) that guard the gap in the wall in order to meet the personal slave of the witch-woman who owns the stall where flowers are sold.  So there are myriad differences between the book and the movie revealed in each and every chapter.<br /><br />In fact, many of the things that I liked most about the movie are not in the book.  That is not to say or even to suggest that this is a bad thing, because movies and illustrated novels (which is what this book is and not a comic book) have decidedly different approaches when it comes to what is visually important.  The big moment in the movie was exactly what I wanted to be (indeed, I had turned to my wife and whispered that I wondered what would happen if the fallen star got really, really happy), and what happens in the original story is radically different but equally appropriate to the path that Gaiman and Vess had stacked out for their characters.<br /><br />The inevitable question would be which is better, the novel or the movie, but everybody knows what the answer to that question usually is in such cases.  However, what is important is that those who enjoy one should be able to enjoy the other.  If you have seen the movie and liked it, then you should check out the book.  If you have read the book, or the original comic books, then you should go see the movie.  There will be those who will be disappointed by one given the other, and some will be touched or moved by either, but that is their loss.<br /><br />My familiarity with Gaiman's work has been pretty spotty.  I have only seen a couple of issues of \\"[[ASIN:1563890119 The Sandman]],\\" a couple of years into the telling of the tale, so I could not really appreciate what was going on.  But I have read his novel \\"[[ASIN:0380789035 American Gods]]\\" and his alternative history comic book series \\"[[ASIN:0785123113 Marvel 1602]].\\"  \\"Stardust\\" is different from those other works, but you can get a sense of how this is just another corner of Gaiman's imagination.  Equally important are the illustrations by Vess, because they help reinforce the idea that even if it is set during the time of young Queen Victoria in the land across the pond that this is indeed a faerie tale.  If anything, both the book and the movie reminds us of what that means.d to my wife and whispered that I wondered what would happen if the fallen star got really, really happy), and what happens in the original story is radically different but equally appropriate to the path that Gaiman and Vess had stacked out for their characters.      The inevitable question would be which is better, the novel or the movie, but everybody knows what the answer to that question usually is in such cases.  However, what is important is that those who enjoy one should be able to enjoy the other.  If you have seen the movie and liked it, then you should check out the book.  If you have read the book, or the original comic books, then you should go see the movie.  There will be those who will be disappointed by one given the other, and some will be touched or moved by either, but that is their loss.      My familiarity with Gaiman's work has been pretty spotty.  I have only seen a couple of issues of \\"[[ASIN:1563890119 The Sandman]],\\" a couple of years into the telling of the tale, so I could not really appreciate what was going on.  But I have read his novel \\"[[ASIN:0380789035 American Gods]]\\" and his alternative history comic book series \\"[[ASIN:0785123113 Marvel 1602]].\\"  \\"Stardust\\" is different from those other works, but you can get a sense of how this is just another corner of Gaiman's imagination.  Equally important are the illustrations by Vess, because they help reinforce the idea that even if it is set during the time of young Queen Victoria in the land across the pond that this is indeed a faerie tale.  If anything, both the book and the movie reminds us of what that means.
630438551X|1.0|For decades folks have been setting the Bard's plays in modern times, and with varying degrees of success. This one fails so badly that more tears will be shed over the poor acting and mangled dialogue than over the actual plot.    Both Romeo and Juliet are in over their heads in this movie. Shakespeare's language can still be spoken in a way that is understandable when its natural rythmns and accents are correctly utilized. DiCappril especially seems to have no idea half the time what the words actually mean that he is speaking. And Claire Danes as \\"Juliet\\" is even worse.     The selective editing of the dialogue murders some of the more famous passages of Shakespeare, such as the morning scene debate about whether the lark has sung. The death scene lacks the dialogue and therefore the punch of the original. How anyone could shed a tear over the deaths of this \\"Romeo and Juliet\\" is beyond me. And the schlock of the TV announcer announcing the end of the play is poorly done. It could work as an excellent device for the close of the play, but this rendition spoken with no greater degree of involvement than that of a TV reporter, leaves one cold. So much for these \\"star-crossed lovers.\\" You leave this movie wondering if they really were lovers after all or just two uninteresting actors trying to act as if they were in love. Deserves NO Star!
B000P2A256|5.0|When Songs about Jane came out, I was pleasantly surprised. I enjoyed every song on the album. So I was very excited for Maroon 5's next cd. It's rare that I find a band where I like all the songs on a cd. What I love about IWBSBL is that I yet again love every song. Plus I don't feel like it's more of the same. They still have the great constants like Adam L.'s voice, and the keyboard and guitars, but they've gotten funkier, and way sexier. I love the extra funk they've put in the songs. Plus I love the fact that the lyrics feel real, truthful. Not manufactured like much of today's music. I can't wait to see what else this band does.
B000KCHZK6|4.0|Norah Jones- immense talent in a compact package.  When first I heard Norah Jones I immediately flashed on a mental image of a slender, dark haired, dark eyed lady, mid 30's, too many cigarettes.  Then I saw a video or two.  Boy was I wrong.  Young and attractive, great voice.  Her new CD fits the \\"Norah Jones\\" model.     I use a number of her tracks for the \\"cool down\\" part of an indoor bike class.  A couple of the tracks on this CD fit perfectly into that application.  There's some new stuff for Norah, too.  My take on the CD is that one is either a Norah fan or not; if you are, you probably already  have this CD; and if you're not, you'll probably not get the CD anyway.      Bottom line: I was not disappointed.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|Ok, so here's the deal.  This movie is not completely true to the book.  If you are looking for that, I do suggest A&E's version.  However, this movie I don't think could have been totally faithful without also being 5 hours long, which is impossible for a theatrical release.  Also, many people have issues with the costumes, because they are not the traditional Regency clothes...but, this movie was set in the time that Jane Austen actually wrote Pride and Prejudice...not the years later when it was finally published, and certain characters are in fact in the true regency clothing such as Caroline Bingley to show how \\"en vogue\\" she is.  And yes, Elizabeth Bennet wears no bonnet and Aunt Catherine visits in the dead of night and not in the garden...but come on!  The same essential story is being told.  And of course the book is better, I should hope so.  If you want a bad version of Pride and Prejudice than look no further than the celebrated 1940 version starring Greer Garson and Laurence Olivier.  Not only do they change events from the book for no other reason than to make it more \\"Hollywood\\" (not, in fact, to consolidate a lengthy tale into a reasonable viewing time) but they also seem to change the time period to about 70 years later...to the late 1800's so that they could re-use Gone With the Wind costumes.  I am obsessed with Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice and have read all of her books repeatedly and I still love this movie, although I admit there are some things that they changed that were not just simply for time sake...such as Mrs. Bennet being made to be a much more tolerable character in the movie  and also the esteem of her husband, which in the book is not so favorable...but other than that I think it is one of the best remakes made for theatrical release.  Oh, and Mr. Darcy (Matthew Macfadyen) is brilliant in this role.
0743289412|2.0|The best I can say is - tedious.  I'm 3/4 of the way through, and still hoping it will get interesting.  I don't care if I finish or not.  Not one of his better ones.
B0000047CX|4.0|Need not to say this is a classic, the 8 songs from the original album are all worth more than 5 stars, but the bonus tracks \\"The girl from Ipanema\\" and \\"Corcovado\\" are not the ORIGINAL version of the 45 rpm singles, a regret to all the consumers.  You can watch the original 45 rpm version of \\"The girl from Ipanema\\" on 'YouTube'(Search by this : Astrud Gilberto Stan Getz Ipanema 64 ), a scene from the film \\"Get You're Self a College Girl\\" where Astrud Gilberto and Stan Getz performing the song in front of some female audience. Astrud was sitting among the audience when she started singing.  The opening of this 45 r.p.m single version is an intro of vibraphone (which was seen in the MTV and was a major instrument in the song), not the humming by Joao Gilberto in the album version.<br />Besides, I believe the single version of Corcovado (Quiet Nights) is the version available in \\"Getz Au Go Go\\" (please noted that even though \\"Getz Au Go Go\\" is listed as a live recording, in fact it is a studio recording with overdubbed applause as revealed by the producer Phil Schaap). Furthermore, this REMASTERED version is a different mix compared with the earlier version of this CD released in the 80's(without the bonus tracks).<br />If Verve couldn't locate the 45 rpm original from its vault, that's fine, but it should do more research than to give us incorrect information and created edited version of the song to fool us.
B000PTYP5C|1.0|Let me say first that I have been a huge fan starting with Day and Dream Unite all the way through Octavarium loyally. And I am not going to do a song by song analysis of this album. Also, this is not a knee jerk reaction but an opinion based on many listens.  I simply want to say that I feel  this project is just uninteresting from the start.  Most of Portnoys parts sound like a higher priority was given to something else. Myong is steady as usual and of course the overall musicianship is there but as a band it just wasn't happening for me.  Also, I don't need to hear Dream Theater doing  Metallica based melodies or their attepmt at Death Metal.  They just need to be Dream Theater.  The whole band mailed this one in and I hope to hear a better effort on the next one.
B000PY52EU|5.0|Black Snake Moan is really good American story telling that is usually accomplished by British productions.  Memphis guy, Craig Brewer nailed it with his writing, direction and production staff. Ricci and Jackson are fearless and brilliant.  The performances play like a chamber piece.  I trust their instincts to invite me to explore some very dark, painful places of the human condition (except snakes on planes). I don't fancy movies about women being trapped by men anywhere, but Brewer and company turn that concept on its head with sex, the blues, drama, a lot of irony and even just simple humor.  Who knew Justin Timberlake could act? This movie deserves a lot of recognition from movie lovers.  It says a lot about the nature of fear, compassion and how a little inspiration (biblical or otherwise) can connect you to other people - or chaining them up.  (The radiator does not get as much credit, but it was just as important to the script as that chain.)  I love this movie because it is really crazy like a fox. Also, we get to see Jackson do something that he has never been allowed to be in other films. (Not spoiling this for people yet to watch.) Hustle and Flow, from the same creators, was OK in comparsion.  This work is in a better league.<br /><br />Take the time for the director's commentary.  Brewer poured a lot of love into Black Snake Moan.  Going through the movie with his stories of the shots and what inspired it is a treat that I enjoyed a lot like that of Guillermo del Toro's for Pan's Labyrinth.
B000QUCNOK|4.0|Tom Tykwer's \\"Perfume: The Story of a Murderer\\" is a stunningly beautiful and terrifyingly dark piece of film-making, as was the original Patrick Suskind novel in its realm of literature.  Like many fables and fairy tales, it tells us that nothing but the real thing can truly satisfy the soul which craves love.  As the story of a person cursed by a unique fate, it plays out like a Greek tragedy.  It echoes our news media in showing how social ills can create a human monster.      Since this tale is realistically depicted and set in 18th-century France, some viewers find the startling final scenes unbelievable as well as unacceptable.  However, the ending's premise is not only foreshadowed, but is actually scientifically based:  the limbic system, which is the emotional core of the modern human brain, is known to have developed from the olfactory region of the early mammalian brain.*  Odors, therefore, can still bypass the conscious level of our brain's activity, and directly affect our emotional state without our even being aware of it.      The disturbing images of \\"Perfume\\" are definitely not for children, nor for the faint of heart.  Our fascination for its brilliantly-gifted, but emotionally- and socially-stunted anti-hero makes us very uncomfortable, even though the dreadful deprivation and abuse he has suffered awaken our sympathy.  Many mainstream American moviegoers recoil from the on-screen images of final plot elements which were experienced by readers as less graphic in writing.  Thus, while the book was an international best-seller, and the movie was a hit in Europe, it did not do well at the US box office.  Nonetheless, in my opinion (and that of Roger Ebert--see his web site), it is a must-see for most film afficionados.      *\\"With the arrival of night-active mammals 180 m.y.a. [million years ago], smell replaced sight as the dominant sense, and a newer, more flexible way of responding--based on emotions and emotional memory--arose from the olfactorysense. In the Jurassic period, the mammalian brain invested heavily in aroma circuits designed to succeed at night as reptiles slept. These odor pathways gradually formed the neural blueprint for what was later to become our limbic brain.\\"  (from a web site on nonverbal emotion and the human brain)      --------------------------------------  \\"Je danse donc je suis.\\"           -Brigitte Bardot  --------------------------------------
B000Q6GX5Y|2.0|Where do I start with this movie? First the good: 1. Excellent visual style really brings the comic feel to a big screen. Quite a few scenes reminded me of \\"Savage sword of Conan\\" comics I read in my younger years.2. Great audio, listened to the pcm 5.1 track, excellent use of surrounds and bass effects.  Those are the only two redeeming factors in my opinion, now the bad:  Poor HD picture quality (pq): this movie is soft and lacks detail, looks like SD-DVD on my front projection 1080i, 92 inch display. PQ Compares very poorly to BD movies like \\"Apocalypto\\" or \\"Fifth Element\\" remastered. This may be a consequence of using a lot of grain and sepia effect to give it the mythology feel but it doesn't do the pq any justice.  Very weak movie, i like the sword and sandals genre, but I expect some character development, I had no emotional attachment to any of the characters so it didn't matter whenever they met their demise. Also the dialog was so weak it was painful. OK, I know it's loosely based on the battle of Marathon but is it too much to ask that the Persians look like humans? Did I miss a lesson in Geography class? Last time I checked Persia(present day Iran) was not in the African continent. What's up with all the black Kings and nobles?  It is based on a Frank Miller comic so I expected a lot of gore but how many times do we need to see a sword/spear run through someone? Frankly, special effects aside I was disappointed to watch a movie like this in the 21st Century.
0385733577|5.0|I rarely write reviews on the web, however, I'm about to start after reading \\"someone's\\" review thrashing this book. I always hate reviewers that start with some lame justification that is supposed to point to why we should care what they think, when it is clear that \\"someone\\" has nothing better to do with their time. I'd never heard of Micheal Scott, but now that I have, I shall keep a very close eye on all his work. I haven't enjoyed a book this much, on ever level, in ages. It's young adult fiction, and accessible to all. (However if all you read in Jane Austen, number 1, I pity you, and number 2, this would absolutely be the refreshing break from the mind numbing English prose and archaic niceties that one would invariably seek! I'm surprised that the \\"someone\\" in question didn't extol Mr. Scott's virtues before they casually went back to reading Proust. Clean the palette if you will.). However, if that is not your approach to reading (a pastime akin to hunting quail...shoot me now!), and you simply like a good story to sink your teeth into...you shall not be disappointed one little bit. It's entertaining, smart, funny, historically accurate...and not that I've painstakingly checked, because, frankly I don't really care...it's FICTION, but the places, faces and events that I did recognize enough to spark my interest to research for my own memory bank, were all completely flawless and pleasing to my limited knowledge. (That's probably a knee jerk reaction to getting older and forgetting things.....like all the Jane Austen I have read....PLEAZE!)     BUY IT, READ IT, BUY IT, GIVE IT, BUY IT, READ IT.....and so forth. This is the next Harry Potter-esque craze. Mark my words Heathcliff.
B000MXPE7O|3.0|The concept of the movie was great, as it covers a fictional character in the CIA from its founding, through the Bay of Pigs invasion.  The characters aren't real, but it is set against an exciting historical backdrop.  This is the type of film I should like, but this one wasn't perfectly executed.  At 2h48m, this was an extremely long film.  Character development was lacking as well.  By the end of the movie, we barely knew Matt Damon's character, much less any of the supporting cast.  Overall, had to give it 3 stars...I did sit through the entire movie.  That's got to be worth something.
B000244FDW|5.0|I owe them all; don't get me wrong.  I own the A&E version, the new version with Keira Knightly, and the original 1980 BBC version.  I have to say that the very best version, the truest to Jane Austen's vision, the most perfectly cast film version is this version, the 1980 BBC Version.  Yes, Colin Firth in a wet shirt is a sight to behold.  Yes, Dame Judy Dench as Lady Catherine is a pleasure.  However, both versions fall entirely short when faced with the BBC version.  In the BBC Version, Darcy and Elizabeth are perfectly cast.  Mrs. Bennet deserves an Oscar for her great attack of \\"nerves.\\"  This is the very best version.  Yes,. Buy and enjoy the others, but YOU MUST GET THIS AS WELL.  You won't regret it.
B000001EXB|4.0|Luis Mejia (son) - Released in 1997, The Big Picture is the biggest adult contemporary oriented style, it contains a set of refined, touchy songs. It assembles a fabulous popcraft effort with a mannered, enjoyable and emotional moods, although not as meaningful and potential as his past releases. Although I've never heard Made In England, The Big Picture contains a recognizable debility also present in The One; colorless tunes, synthesized, forgetable compositions and in this case, a lack of originality, although The One is a better album. Beautiful compositions are still present in this album, possessing great, mellow mellodies with their great moments, but quite few: Live Like Horses, although a commonly crafted ballad, it contains some emotional mellodies and a stunning vocal performance. Something About The Way You Look Tonight, apart from being the most famous song in the album, it keeps the return of a marvelous instrumentation, it also possess the most colorful mellody. The Big Picture is still a synthesized, rutine composition but its obviously the only song with a rock inclinnation, and for the exception of its chorus, its a piano based, good composition. Recover Your Soul might be the second best track in the album, with a consistent pop basis and the cheerful, recognizable and memorizeable tunes, is another song for the collection catalogue. Finally, I Can't Steer My Heart Clear Of You stays as a bright, mellodic ballad with some of the semi dramatic style seen in Elton's deepest compositions. The rest of the songs assume an average, unoriginal composition, only made to 'fill up' the album. In conclussion this elegant, mid decade release still possess some acceptable, correct mellodies, with its slight moments, although I can recall the 90's as the worst of Elton John's periods, although all music in general was already dead by this time.
B00000IMTF|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />Rainbows 1976 album \\"Rising\\" began the revolving door of musicians being shuffled in and out of the line-up.  Ritchie Blackmore and Ronnie Dio are joined this time around by Cozy Powell on drums, Jimmy Bain on the bass, and keyboards by Tony Carey.  Over the years the large contingency of Cozy fans have pointed to his ability to play with anyone from Blackmore to Keith Emerson and Greg Lake.  Some of the accolades besides the obvious and well deserved that go to Blackmore and Dio should be directed to Tony Carey.  If you listen closely to his style there are two terrific achievements on the tracks.  The keyboards have a perfect sound.  What you hear are the notes emanating with the mystical authority to solidify the song and how he picks his spots during the compositions.<br /><br />After one of the finest debut recordings ever Blackmore once again rose to the occasion.  \\"Tarot Woman\\" is a terrific opening track, the keyboards are haunting in their texture and the remastered CD puts you in the production booth.  \\"Run With The Wolf\\" throws in the Black Sabbath reference \\"Hole In The Sky.\\"  Dio delivers the goods singing, \\"When the world makes a turn the eyes of one will learn.\\"  The interplay between Ronnie's voice and Ritchie's guitar is mesmerizing.  \\"Starstruck\\" turns up the volume a bit but when \\"Do You Close Your Eyes\\" takes it turn it leaves nothing standing.  Pure unapologetic rock and roll.  The original LP ended Side 1 here.  Side two was designated for the two longer tracks and it made for a perfect transformation from side to side.  \\"Stargazer\\" is relentless.  \\"There is no sun in the shadow of the wizard.\\" Blackmore is cutting loose and Dio is a superlative storyteller.  How many Blackmore fans dug holes in the vinyl from listening to this track a myriad of times each day?  \\"A Light In The Black\\" picks up where \\"Stargazer closes.  \\"All my life it seems is just a crazy dream.\\"<br /><br />As the final notes of Stargazer leave the record or CD player it is amazing to think how much power and passion Blackmore and company packed into the six tracks.  They don't even total 34 minutes but left a calling card to see them \\"On Stage,\\"<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"times each day?  \\"A Light In The Black\\" picks up where \\"Stargazer closes.  \\"All my life it seems is just a crazy dream.\\"      As the final notes of Stargazer leave the record or CD player it is amazing to think how much power and passion Blackmore and company packed into the six tracks.  They don't even total 34 minutes but left a calling card to see them \\"On Stage,\\"                   Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B000PY52EU|3.0|This film follows the unfortunate life of an abused woman named Ray who winds up getting into a predicament, and gets dumped for dead on the road outside Lazareth's house.  Lazareth is an old blues man who has had a string of bad luck love also.  Finding her give his something new to care about, and a chance for redemtion in both of them.  Overall, this movie is rough around the edges, at times a bit long on some storyline, to short on another.  It is well rounded and has a beginning and an end, but just didn't do much for me.  It is worth renting to see the hype, but not worth an investment.
6305181810|5.0|This understated version of the Grisham novel of the same name is a gem. Matt Damon shines and Danny Devito is perfectly cast as the \\"paralawyer\\". Very well done, perhaps the best of the Grisham movies.
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|Fantastic telling of Frank Miller's graphic novel. If you've read the novel then you'll see many scenes directly lifted from it. CGI is all over this movie well done and brings all the characters to a larger then life scale. The blue Ray look amazing. I definitely need to go to the gym after seeing this. I just tell my girlfriend that those are CGI abs.
B000V4UFZK|3.0|This is a five star movie, don't get me wrong. It is one of the best modern horror films I've seen in my lifetime partly because it happens in a normal suburban house to a normal suburban family. In fact, the house in the movie looked very much like the house I was living in when the film was released in 1982. That's what makes it so scary - there are no teenagers on a roadtrip, no spending the night in a haunted house, etc. Just a normal family going through the motions of their normal lives when one day those lives are turned upside down by forces they not only don't understand, but didn't even believe in until they ripped into the reality of their world. The ending is completely unexpected and I won't spoil it for you if by chance you've never seen it.<br /><br />However, if you just bought or are planning to buy the older edition, I wouldn't say \\"If I'd only waited\\" and take it that hard. It doesn't look like Warner Bros. did enough to this film to warrant a new edition. The following is the Warner Home Video press release on the extra features:<br /><br />\\"Presented in Anamorphic Widescreen with its soundtrack remastered in Dolby Digital 5.1 and Dolby 2.0 this 25th Anniversary Edition of Poltergeist also includes the \\"They Are Here: The Real World of Poltergeists Revealed\\" documentary in 2 Parts: \\"Science of the Spirits\\" and \\"Communing with the Dead\\". Also on the disc is the Theatrical Trailer.\\"<br /><br />So there it is. Only one disc and no commentary track is mentioned, which to me would be essential for a new edition to be worthy of a double-dip. Thus my rating is 5 stars for the film, 2 stars for the planned new edition (mainly because I've come to expect so much more from WHV). Since I weigh extra features heavier on a special edition than the film itself, I come up with a total of three stars for the new 25th anniversary edition.
B00006690G|5.0|Who writes this stuff? Because this is the greatest rap album of all time. By sales of this artist, eminem you could easly say this is the most popular musical artest of all time. When i listen to this album I feel like anything good, honest, honorable and virtious is possible. With all the product that comes out of record lables and all forms of media. I ask where is the quality? Here is the quality. Hear is humane music made by a human. Caring, kind, gentle, humanitarian, compassionate, kindly, benevolent, civilized, and charitable is what i the think of the lyrics and vocals of the track I 'm a soldier (what a sonny).
B000R4SMCW|4.0|Anthony Hopkins plays a man of great knowledge and wealth who finds out his younger wife is cheating on him.  One night, he takes off from work, goes home as normal, and shoots her down in cold blood.   No surprises, he calls the police, confesses, and open and shut case right...not quite.  This movie has pretty good suspense throughout, but there is a point where you figure out what is going to happen, you just don't know quite how.  If I could, I would give this a 3.5 stars, worth a rent, but a slight let down of an ending, but clever none the less.
B000V4UFZK|3.0|So, yeah it's a bummer that Warner dropped the ball and then decided to kick it across the street for it's 25th anniversary  edition. And by the response by all the other reader reviews there is nothing I can say to add insult to injury. But I will dream about what might have been. First I had the laser disc and on that there was a vintage making of with behind the scenes, interviews etc. I'm sure Warner still retains the rights to it so why that was dropped is a bit confusing. Also on the laser release was a stil gallery. Not important but it did have some nice candid photos of cast and crew. An audio track would have been nice. Tobe Hooper recorded an excellent track for Texas Chainsaw and I'm sure he would have done another one for this along with Craig T and Jo Beth. A couple of nice featuretts would have made sense since Heather O'rourke and composer Jerry Goldsmith have sadly passed and it would have been a nice gesture to pay homage to them since Heather was the movie and Jerry's soundtrack is considered to be his best and a character in the film unto itself. But alas...and so we get a doc on specters that might be interesting and a soundtrack in 5.1. Hopefully the picture has been cleaned up and remastered but I haven't found any specs on that yet.<br /><br />Blame the TV people.
B0002HYC8C|5.0|This is the best toy my 3 year old daughter has; it gives enormous amounts of pleasure to both her and me.  I held off getting it for a long time, because it costs more than most toys I buy.  But I am so glad I finally got it.  It keeps her occupied and happy for hours and hours.    Played with it for about nine hours yesterday, with various snack breaks.  She plays with it in all kinds of different ways -- setting up all the animals inside or outside the ark; feeding them; putting them to sleep; making them act out scenes from various different movies.  I love the accessories, all the different food for the animals, dishes and barrels and broom and buckets.  We have various other playmobil bits and pieces from e-bay, but this is really the easiest way to get a whole lot of animals all together; plus the ark itself is really great.  Also makes a great bath toy (my daughter is a reluctant bather, she gets into the bath much more readily if she can have the ark in too).  Also I love that it's entirely gender-neutral; it's not pink, and it's not about guns or violence; it doesn't force the child into any particular role, you can play with it any number of ways.  It's great, I love it!
1594489505|5.0|In this moving novel, Khaled Hosseini tells the tale of Mariam, a young \\"harami\\" - bastard - girl whose life is doomed from the beginning because he father Jalil would not acknowledge her as his rightful daughter. Readers will soon understand this situation when they read the novel but perhaps it is useful to know that the events at the beginning of the plot took place 30 years ago in Afghanistan. It was customary for a man to have several wives and marrying a servant just because she was pregnant would be considered as a loss of honour.  So begins Mariam's tragic existence as she is sent off to faraway Kabul, at the age of 15, where Rasheed, a 40-year old widower and shoemaker is willing to marry her.  Apart from the moving tale of two generations of characters who struggle to survive, raise a family and seek happiness, the novel offers a breathtaking insight into the history of a tormented country - Afghanistan- from the Soviet invasion to the reign of the Taliban and to post-Taliban rebuilding. A powerful and mature novel.
B000QXDED6|5.0|300 is the big-screen adaptation of graphic novel legend Frank Miller's GN of the same name.  Miller is talented and leans toward the dark side. Look at his GN Sin City, and his crown jewel The Dark Knight Returns.  The film 300 is imbued with a certain magic that stems from the excellent directing and cinematography.  This movie must win Oscars because it has recreated ancient Sparta in a way that makes it seem at once alive and at once from another dimension.<br /><br />The other-worldiness stems from the nature of the soldiers from all over the world that have joined Persian King Xerxes.  They ride massive beasts, or wear ancient masks.  And Xerxes himself is the icing on the cake, an androgynous man with many piercings and an impossibly deep voice.  What a great villian!  He is so charismatic, his army so overwhelming, that you actually find yourself wanting to just give up and join him.<br /><br />But here we have our 300.  300 ultra-brave, ultra-buff, ultra-strong heroes upon whom rests a literally impossible task.  This movie is an action and testosterone feast that will make you want to \\"run out and save the world,\\" as a friend of ours put it.  Not to mention learn more about ancient Greece, Sparta, and this real historical event, the Battle of Thermopylae.
B0001ZX0OW|4.0|I should rate it five stars I just can't do it.  I think it is because this film is so tragic.  I mean that in a good way of course, the story is just riveting!  I think Tim Robbins turned in the best job of his career here, well he also did good in that Shawshank film and that was also based on a book.  Well enough of that and back to Mystic River, a movie that has a lot of misunderstandings between the people in the movie.  I do not care for Sean Penn but anything he does is good, the best was probably though when he was in Fast times at Ridgemont high.  I do not mean a pun with the word high so stop snickering!
0143038419|5.0|I haven't even finished this book and I'm so thrilled with it I want to write about it myself!  (I completed the Italian section this morning and deliciously anticipate the rest.)  Elizabeth Gilbert's story is, first,  beautifully written - a sure sign of this, I had to resist the urge to dog-ear the pages of my friend's copy to mark passages to which I wanted to return. The book speaks to the reader on many levels, but in its purest form simply piques your curiosity to see what's going to happen next!  Her journey, both physical and spiritual, is fascinating, and one that many of us would emulate if we could.  Her sense of humor (in spite of writing frequently from the viewpoint of deep depression remembered) is exquisite and often unexpected.  And it meets that most basic of all requirements for good fiction and nonfiction - a tale well told.  Brava!
6304981635|5.0|Enter The Dragon was the first collaboration between an American and Chinese film company.  ETD is the classic kung fu movie.  It has fighting, mystery, sex appeal a bit of blaxploitation too.  This is the defining Bruce Lee movie of all time.
B000LXH0AE|5.0|I rented this film because the kid at the video store said that \\"Will Ferrell was great, that you really get to see him as an actor, not just a comedian.\\"  I asked my husband if he would like to watch some of the movie with me, as it was Sunday night and already quite late.  We ended up so charmed by the fascinating story that we stayed up until midnight to see how it turned out.  The story is a wonderful human interest story with a touch of magic.<br /><br />The premise is one of the most original movie plots ever written.  What if you woke up one day to discover you were a character in a book?  Will Ferrell, a bland IRS agent, hears a woman narrating his every move.  With remarkable determination, he manages to find someone who can shed light on his situation.  Dustin Hoffman makes you want to jump out of your seat with his magical performance as a college professor who is the only one who believes the man's story.  Emma Thompson is the cold and inhuman writer searching for a way to kill off her main character in search of her latest bestseller.  And Ferrell deserves an Oscar nomination for his not just great performance.  He completely becomes this character with every nuance.<br /><br />One of the best movies we have seen.  Rent it, buy it, see it.  As a side note, I am a writer, and this film is positively inspirational for me.
B000V1Z8KK|4.0|I wasn't sure if I was going to like this movie, but I was extremely surprised. It was definitely more of an action flick, but it had a good story line, twists and turns, and really kept my attention. for .99 download, you can't go wrong!
142333292X|5.0|I bought this book not knowing much about FLW and knowing nothing about his affair with Mamah Cheney.  I was instantly riveted to this story of love, scandal, and genius.    I could not stop reading it and had to finish it before I could do anything else once I started it.  This story will haunt you forever.  Very well written and, though it is a novel, you can tell how well-researched and true to life it is.  I LOVED this book.
0571225381|5.0|Ishiguro is an amazing writer and this novel is no exception.  This work is presented first through memories and recollections during a road trip and later via an interaction at the end of the trip and reflections on that interaction.  Ishiguro presents a question, which I will not ruin here, that everyone should ask themselves.  Before you ask the question he presents you must read this book immediately.
B0000027I6|4.0|If you are a huge fan Pink Floyd, you will like this CD. If you like the socially angry style of Roger Waters, you will love this CD. I am so glad I took the leap...I love it!
0618680004|5.0|I'm an insomniac dyslexic agnostic. Dawkin's book kept me up all night wondering if there really was a dog!
B00002E224|5.0|Sweet and charming, funny and poignant, plotless but meaningful, \\"Before Sunrise\\" (1995), the third movie of Richard Linklater, is dedicated to everyone who ever been in love, is in love, or never been in love but still dreams of it and hopes to find it. It is one of the very rare movies that is/should/will be equally interesting to teenagers, their parents and even grandparents. It seems a very simple little movie with no spectacular visual effects, car chases, or long and steamy sex scenes. Two young people in their early 20s, two college students (American tourist Ethan Hawke who is returning home after the summer in Europe and the French student Julie Delpy who goes to Paris to attend the classes in Sorbonne) meet on a train. They are attracted to each other instantly even before they start talking, they hop off the train in Vienna where they walk around exploring the city all night. They talk and fall in love. That's it, that's the movie. It could've been boring and silly but instead, it is a lovely, believable, clever, and moving romance that only gets better with each viewing (at least, for this viewer). High praise and my sincere gratitude go to the director and writers for delivering two charming characters, superb writing, always interesting and witty dialogs, two awesome performances, and the atmosphere of magic that falling in love is. Julie Delpy, who looks like a Botticelli's angel, is great in portraying smart, independent, and incredibly attractive young woman.
1582701709|5.0|This book has opened my eyes to a new way of thinking, which has not only improved my attitude, but almost given me a reason to wake up in the morning.  I feel as if a friend of mine has written this book for me, which gives me a sense of comfort while reading it.  The informal writing style makes it very easy to read and understand, which made it hard for me to put the book down! I am reading it for the second time now, and plan to read it many more in hopes to obtain all of the inspiring information that it has to offer.  If you are looking to change your life, and only for the better, I would more than recommend reading the \\"The Secret\\"! Although it is not a light read, it is a great book to pick up and embrace whenever you get the chance.
B0006GQMC8|4.0|I enjoyed this movie quite a bit. It still holds up well though there are some hokey parts with some goofy characters that could have been left out. But Bronson is just... BRONSON. And Lee Marvin as the mounty that is assigned to bring him in is just great (as usual). This is a classic story and a classic adventure movie. Both leads are grizzled, tough as shoe leather raw boned men from a different era.<br /><br />This is like Godzilla vs King Kong to me except these two guys would make that big dumb ape and stinky lizard cry home to their mamas.
B000SO7OMA|5.0|Beutiful backdrop, world class backing musicians, Loreena at her very best. Amazon only lets me give it five stars but it deserves a whole skyfull.    The only downside to this DVD is that it made me regret not going to the concert. I'm sure it would have been a life changing experience.
0606297758|4.0|I first read this book in high school, and read it again shortly after graduating college. For some reason, it never made a big impact on me. I decided to pick it up a third time this summer, and am so glad that I did. I was really moved by the story and the characters this time around. Sometimes, literature needs to come into your life at just the right time, I guess. I loved little Scout (the rambunctious tomboy), Jem (the angsty pre-teen), Atticus (the lax single parent), Boo (the enigmatic neighbor), and the rest of the cast of misfits. Such a beautifully written story, and that isn't easy to do considering the magnitude of the topics Harper Lee tackles here: racism, rape, social inequities, etc. So, my hat really goes off to her. Well done!
B000N6U0E2|4.0|This movie is partially so effective because of the man who inspired it.  Its always good to hear about someone succeeding with hard work and intelligence regardless of their color or economic background.  The main character is also a loving father and this makes him even more sympathetic.  We all want the underdog to win and to prove that the American dream is really attainable to all.  Or at least anyone who enjoys this movie would have to feel that way.  Otherwise its just another sappy fairy tale.
B00005N5S5|5.0|Arnold finally found his role when he played an oversized, underemotional robot without too many lines to deliver.    Excellent script and an 80's atmosphere which doesn't feel too cheesy. There's a bit of wooden acting in places but the movie works so well that I can forgive it that.
0321344758|5.0|I usually don't make time to do reviews (mainly because with kids you rarely have time just to read).  But this was a great book on web design usability.  I read it in about 3-4 days and it provided such a great approach to web design usability with so little effort that anybody doing any kind of web development needs to have this book on their shelf.  Most of it is common sense ... but you don't realize it until after you read it.  Once you read some of the chapters you kind of say to yourself ... \\"DUH! Why didn't I think of that before!\\"  I wish all software development books could be written in such a fashion.  You'll do yourself good by getting this book and reading it if you're a web developer.
1416523359|4.0|When I first started reading this book, I wasn't sure I would be able to finish.  Once I got past the beginning, I couldn't put it down.  Great characters, great story.
B000MNP2KI|5.0|Casino Royale was the first James Bond novel Ian Fleming wrote and his worst.  The book had only two things going for it.  The fact that Fleming had knowledge of how a spy REALLY worked was one of those things.  The other was he was also able to make his main character, the brutal OO7, James Bond, as close to reality as he could.  Mr. Bond was NOT a nice character, even if he was fighting, or should I say killing, for the good guys.  Outside of those two points the rest of the book, from plot to the very flow of the scenes, pretty much sucked.  But it was his first book and his craft approved slightly with each new story.<br />When the movies picked up the James Bond stories, mostly because JFK was reading them, they gave James Bond high-tech weapons, took away his rough and gritty soul, and gave him a sense of humor.  They also did what they did best - they made everything look great, from the fast cars to the glowing cities and sexy women James Bond would encounter, and use, on the way.  They also took his treatment of women and tuned it down a few levels.  They changed him into a spy totally removed from the reality of the Cold War or, at least, the Cold War of the books.<br />Now they brought the James Bond from the books, they picked a story they could work on and approve BECAUSE it was so weak, and they tuned down the high-tech stuff.  They created, in my view, the best James Bond movie ever.  Daniel Craig is a ruthless Bond, Judi Dench is a cold and logical M, and even Eva Green plays a hard but also troubled Vesper.  From the opening black and white flashback to the closing, old fashion, theme song you CAN'T keep your eyes off the screen.<br />The extras are nice, from behind the scene features to a special on James Bond Girls and even the Chris Cornell Music Video.  I can't wait for the next movie.  And they BETTER keep Daniel Craig as the agent OO7.
B000ROALCG|5.0|I love this cd. I love every song. Hector Lavoe was very big with all the songs that lavoe Sang.It would have been nice to hear Marc Anthony sing Periodico de Ayer or Juanito Alimana.But its still a very good cd Buy It, its hot!!!
B000R4SMCW|5.0|Anthony Hopkins has played a number of bad guys over the years, including such films as \\"Magic\\", \\"Silence of the Lambs\\" and now \\"Fracture\\".  You just never quite know what to expect out of his roles.  His latest \\"Fracture\\" is no exception.<br /><br />Ted Crawford (Hopkins) shoots his wife.  The Police and the Deputy D.A. (Ryan Gosling) feel they have an air-tight case until it falls apart.  This film has one of the most surprising endings I've ever seen.  It even shows how the murderer gets away with it.  Or does he?<br /><br />This film is exceptionally suspenseful to the very end.  I found it to be one of Anthony Hopkins best films.  A must have for any video collection.
0061125938|3.0|What child hasn't loved the timeless classic GOODNIGHT MOON? Whether it was looking for the mouse on the color pages, finding objects to tell goodnight, or simply relaxing to a soothing visual lullaby, it's been a childhood staple since 1947.<br /><br />Now HarperCollinsPublishers has presented GOODNIGHT MOON 123, arranged by John Thacher Hurd, son of the original illustrator, Clement Hurd. It is a simple collection of drawings taken from the classic storybook and set to a counting theme. From \\"One quiet old lady whispering hush\\" to \\"Ten toy houses,\\" the objects are easy to count and familiar.<br /><br />For parents who have had the pleasure of reading GOODNIGHT MOON countless times to sleepy bundles, this new incarnation may seem a bit dull. Grownups can see how it wouldn't be hard to Photoshop this book together and cash in on Brown and Hurd's work, and many parents would point out that there are better counting books available.<br /><br />But seen from a child's perspective, here is a counting book with a familiar look. Much like CHIKA CHIKA 123 is to CHIKA CHIKA BOOM BOOM, this book has the same look of its predecessor, allowing children to make visual connections between that which is the \\"same.\\"<br /><br />GOODNIGHT MOON 123 is a nice book that may fall under the popularity wing of the original, but falls short in the world of counting books. Sweet and simple is good, but sometimes that all it is: sweet and simple.<br /><br />Reviewed by Christina Wantz Fixemer<br />08/19/2007
1582701709|2.0|I couldn't get past reading 3-4 pages at a time before struggling to control the gag reflex.  This book contains some good material but the testimonials (that get more and more ridiculous and outrageous as the book progresses) make it read more like a hard sell infomercial.  Sorry, but the power of positive thinking only goes so far - to state that a person can eat all they want and as long as they practice proper thinking they won't gain weight is absolute hogwash.  Take out all the outrageous testimonials and this book is about 25-30 pages long, and at 25-30 pages of solid suggestions that positive thinking generates positive energy, it would not have been nearly as nauseating.
B0007GAEW6|3.0|this album is solid but maybe since i owned De-Loused in the Comatorium first the expectations were set too high, as that album is one of my all-time favorites.  in comparison to De-Loused, this album is a little rawer, a little darker on the whole (musically and lyrically), and a little less energetic (on the whole).  i would classify both as a latino-fused progressive alternative rock (from the planet yerbadoxi - exxxxxcellent).<br /><br />in both albums omar brings the orchestrated madness which is known for and it is truly unique, interesting, and worth listening to... especially for musicians looking to explore new territories.  ditto for his lyrics, spliced between spanish / english, and replete with disparate analogies which are quite amazing and inspiring.
B000OQF6N6|1.0|doesnt sound like smashing pumpkins to me. as a long time fan, for me, this is an incredibly disappointing album.
B000R7HY0K|1.0|Whoever loved this movie and who was a complete fan, as I was, will be thoroughly disappointed. The whole \\"Back-in-time\\" cinematic experience of seeing a REAL Grindhouse in theatres was the whole point of this film.    Who the hell will want to buy them seperately, and NOT EVEN AT THE SAME TIME, withOUT the hilarious trailers and commercials in between?    I have lost all respect in Rodriguez and Tarantino. They should have known better. They are complete hypocrites for doing this to themselves and their fans.     I hope they lose money over this.    The whole thing was amazing. F*** buying this in two seperate parts.    I'm getting a bootleg copy of the cinema version, no matter what extremes I have to go to to find it.
B00003CX9Q|5.0|This is a fantastic film.  I don't know when it became cool to diss Spielberg and his movies but I see why it was included as the 24th greaest American movie on AFI's 10th Anniversary list.    Such a powerful movie.  It works on so many levels and Henry Thomas gives a wonderful performance.    But the first disc ruins the classic.  CGI takes away that realistic feel to movies.  No matter how wondeful the advancements are, there's something about CGI that ruins a classic when it's retouched in an unneeded way.    E.T. did not need retouching.  It's a perfect film.  One of the best I've seen.
B000SSV8HI|3.0|First, the positives: the performances across these four discs are generally strong, the concerts well-filmed, and the breadth of (musical) material presented is admirable. While age seems to have finally begun to catch up with Keith Richards, whose once-impeccable rhythm sense is not quite as razor-sharp as it once was, compensation is at hand in the form of Ronnie Wood, whose new-found sobriety has lent a degree of focus and precision to his playing which raises his performances here several notches above anything to be found on live recordings from the Stones' previous few decades of touring. Aided and abetted by an array of professional but rarely overly-slick backing musicians, the band themselves, as presented here, still excel at what they do best - entertain on a huge scale. They're not breaking any new ground here, and the lack of emphasis on material from their latest, surprisingly-strong studio album A BIGGER BANG is disappointing (for the first time in years, they're touring off the back of a genuinely decent record, but the setlists are still overwhelmingly filled with tried-and-tested old hits, with a bare handful of numbers from A BIGGER BANG scattered across the four discs. A missed opportunity), but they still do what they do about as well as anyone could reasonably expect.    Specific musical highlights will differ from viewer to viewer - I was particularly taken with a rocking take on 'Bitch' taken from the band's first-ever show in mainland China, and the deep blues of 'Back of My Hand' hidden in the otherwise largely-skippable 'making-of' documentary on the fourth disc is compelling. The BIGGER BANG songs shine across the board, in fact - 'Streets Of Love', is performed in Austin, Texas, with a power and intensity which easily surpasses the album version, and 'Rough Justice', while melodically-unremarkable, joins VOODOO LOUNGE's 'You Got Me Rocking' as a deservedly-popular late-period addition to the Stones' live repertoire. A short featurette on the fourth disc also includes snippets of a fascinating, unforgivably-incomplete swing arrangement of 'Miss You', as performed by Charlie Watts' jazz big-band side-project, which I'd love to hear in its entirety.    Presentation-wise, these discs are good but not perfect - the sound mix is strong throughout, and while the presentation is laughably self-important (the lengthy introduction clip which precedes each disc, with the camera spiralling through space to the strains of various Stones hits, goes on a good deal longer than most viewers will be willing to tolerate without reaching for the `skip' button), and the menu screens are less user-friendly than I would have liked, these are relatively minor criticisms for all but the most technologically-minded consumer. The most important thing is the music, and the performances are generally better-filmed than was the case on the similar FOUR FLICKS set, released only a few short years ago.    This brings me, however, to the main criticism I'd make of this set, however: redundancy. Coming so close on the heels of FOUR FLICKS, and packaged in such a similar fashion, comparisons are inevitable, and in almost all regards, THE BIGGEST BANG comes off second-best. In terms of song selection there are, of course, a good number of welcome rarities scattered among the predictable roll-call of over-played classics, with a solid, if slightly stilted, runthrough of the never-before-performed STICKY FINGERS track 'Sway' in place of FOUR FLICKS' similarly-hyped take on 'Can't You Hear Me Knocking', but a non-dedicated fan could be forgiven for overlooking these relatively minor distinctions in favour of the rather more obvious reliance on familiar old warhorses like `Satisfaction', `Jumpin' Jack Flash', `Honky Tonk Women'  and so on, all of which are featured multiple times across both this and FOUR FLICKS. As a celebration of the band's fortieth anniversary, FOUR FLICKS arguably had a stronger justification for this apparent excess - by contrast, the sheer volume of material presented on THE BIGGEST BANG seems over-the-top, a triumph of quantity over quality. It may seem churlish to complain that we're being given too much material for our money, but in all honesty, this set achieves very little which couldn't have been communicated rather more effectively via a more stripped-down two-disc set, centred on the Rio de Janeiro show which is the better of the two full concerts presented here. Where the three concerts which formed the bulk of FOUR FLICKS showcased the Stones in a variety of different-sized venues, with a varied tone to their respective atmospheres and setlists, the two concerts found on THE BIGGEST BANG are both from large-scale outdoor shows, with the result that they look and sound rather too similar to justify the substantial overlap in material - there's also far too little representation among the extras of the intimate, sweaty small-stage performances which were the real highlight of FOUR FLICKS, in the form of the Paris club show which filled the third disc of that set. I suspect that fans who want to witness the band at their musical best, trading riffs and licks face-to-face on a tiny stage, would be best-advised to wait for Martin Scorsese's upcoming concert film SHINE A LIGHT, recorded during the same tour at a far smaller venue than those primarily-featured on THE BIGGEST BANG.    Sure, this set is a bargain for die-hard Stones fans, and serves as a fine souvenir for anyone who caught the band on their latest mega-tour, but the non-converted will probably find little to interest them here once they've played the two main concert discs a few times.
B000R4SMCW|3.0|Fractured describes the tone of this suspense thriller. Playing like a cross of \\"Primal Fear\\" and \\"Silence of the Lambs\\", \\"Fracture\\" isn't as good as either one of those films but the performances by Anthony Hopkins and Ryan Gosling do raise this 2 star thriller to 3 stars. The film works best when these two advesaries face off against each other. The director Gregory Hoblit (\\"Fallen\\", \\"Frequency\\"...seems this guy has a things for titles with an f in them)and the writers Daniel Pyne (\\"The Sum of All Fears\\")Glenn Gers (\\"Cybill\\")squander the film's potential by laying out the story in a linear straight forward fashion. As a result, there's no surprises except for a slight twist at the end of the film. The film lives up to a line that Hopkins says in the film--\\"Even a broken clock is right twice a day\\". This broken thriller could have been right more often if the storytelling had been more skillful.<br /><br />SPOILERS**<br /><br />Ted Crawford (Anthony Hopkins) is a wealthy aviation designer. When he finds that his wife (Embeth Davison who is completely wasted in her role) is having an affair he makes a decision to kill her and he has a plan to get away with it. When Crawford butts heads with district attorney Willy Beachum it seems like a perfect case for both of them; Crawford discovers that Willy has accepted a job with a major corporate law firm which indicates that his head won't be in the game: Willy sees the case as a slum dunk because he has a written confession, the murder weapon and motive. Crawford and Beachum begin a battle of wits with each trying to out think the other to achieve their goals.<br /><br />END OF SPOILERS**<br /><br />The film looks very nice in its DVD transfer. We get minimal extras here including deleted scenes and alternate endings that differ only slightly from the final version that we see. Whenever a film has multiple endings like this it usually means trouble for the film; a director and the writers usually know where they want to go with the story and have a solid beginning and end. It's the journey between the two that can often be the difficult part here. With a beautiful set up, \\"Fracture\\" falters in between. The film really demanded a stronger ending as well although the final version does work quite well because of the weak 2nd and 3rd acts, it doesn't deliver the way it should.<br /><br />\\"Fracture\\" is entertaining and worthwhile renting particularly if you are a fan of either of the lead actors and both leads give terrific performances it's just a pity that they aren't in a better film.lid beginning and end. It's the journey between the two that can often be the difficult part here. With a beautiful set up, \\"Fracture\\" falters in between. The film really demanded a stronger ending as well although the final version does work quite well because of the weak 2nd and 3rd acts, it doesn't deliver the way it should.    \\"Fracture\\" is entertaining and worthwhile renting particularly if you are a fan of either of the lead actors and both leads give terrific performances it's just a pity that they aren't in a better film.
B000ICL3KG|5.0|I found this documentary to be a very eye-opening experience. Al Gore and his crew do an excellent job presenting the straight facts on the issue of global warming. The earth's atmosphere is very thing and it does not take much to alter it. The facts were laid squarely on the table by Gore. 2005 was the worst year of severe weather reported in the United States in history. The number of Category 4 and 5 hurricanes has almost doubled in the last 30 years. Global sea levels could rise by more than 20 feet with the loss of shelf ice in Greenland and Antarctica, devastating coastal areas worldwide. The Arctic Ocean could be ice free in summer by 2050. Due to the increase in heat, the soil would lose moisture much quicker, thus resulting in heat waves, droughts, and wildfires being more frequent and more intense. This almost definitely would affect the animal population. At least 279 species of plants and animals are already responding to global warming, moving closer to the poles, with a possibility of more than a million species worldwide driven to extinction by 2050. Diseases have become more rampant. Malaria has already spread to higher altitudes in places like the Columbian Andes, 7,000 feet above sea level. Deaths from global warming will double in just 25 years -- to 300,000 people a year. This is a real issue that we need to deal with promptly, or risk the consequences. I felt the movie was best summarized by this quote given by Gore: \\"We can no longer afford to view global warming as a political issue - rather, it is the biggest moral challenge facing our global civilization.\\"
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|So, first and foremost, I watched this movie with an odd mixture of apprehension and amusement. Apprehension because the country I now live in, the Netherlands, has been embarking on an unexpected, experimental privatization of the national health care system under management by a cadre of big insurance companies, just as the US. A social enterprise I sincerily despise.. The amusement, on the other hand, comes from noticing how poor the standards of life and the expectations of basic social secutiry are in the United States, compared to what we enjoy in Europe, as well as Canada. You can hardly believe such a powerful and rich nation to be unable to organize basic security and assistance for its citizens without going through the accountancy departments! As if all in life were to be attached a monetary value: health, the feeling of belonging and contributing to a community that can support you if need be... The dignity of being a person no matter what your financial status and credit are. I guess these are the sick spots of American society, every way you wanna turn it... But I digress already! (I'll digress much more later!)<br /><br /> Undoubtedly, you can judge this to be an interesting and catching movie only if one is interested in the social issues that it exposes. Because otherwise rest assured it can provide you with a pretty grim couple of hours... In spite of the odd quips or humorous sections here and there. It's a typical Michael Moore documentary: no clean footage, low-budget set-up and very slowly coming to the main point. If you have a short attention span or prefer the glitter of National Geographic-like kind of info, be prepared for something less entertaining... On the other hand, entertainment was not the point here! The ideas and contents are fundamental to reflect on what western societies are heading for in terms of life-quality and people's mentality. The example of the American economic behemoth that can't take care of (or rather, doesn't give a damn about) its lower-classes or merely unlucky citizens, is probably the most negative you can rely on, but at least it's telling! That's why the five stars, and I'd give six if I could have six...<br /><br /> A warning: I do not believe Michael Moore is totally objective in his representation of facts and choice of examples, because it's well known that he has a hugely overflowing political agenda! I wish this movie were accompanied by another one, in which some raw statistics could reveal how Americans rate their health care, and how many times bad things happen in the name of the money-first ideology.<br /> On the other hand, Moore's agenda sure is a whole lot better than the one of the Republicans and their associated economic lobbies and consortia (not to mention the blind-minded religious conservatives that merrily trail along!). Given a choice between what possible bias I have to pick, I dive head-down for Moore...<br /> The somewhat unsettling side of this documentary is that for all the effort in rigging up a tirade against the health management in the States, not a iota of possible alternatives and suggestions is presented! Unless you seriously want to consider fake marriage with Canadians or mass emigration to France or England? There's a lack of constructive appeal to this, say.. But then it's also fair to note that on Michael Moore's website there is actually a section with a drafted proposal on how to reorganize medical life of America. Whether it's good or not, that's open for debate... (We won't believe Moore is can perform miracles, but at least there's an attempt at suggesting some new course, which was missing in the movie!)<br /><br /> On a personal note, the thumbs up for Moore is followed by a definite thumbs down for the Dutch government, who chose to go for private-insurance funding of health care. Although the spirit and laws holding Dutch society together are a far cry from the callousness of the American world, and I don't think anyone will ever get kicked out of hospitals here... Yet, simple truth is, the insurers are not going to be there for your health, but for your money! They rake in as much as possible, fork out as least as possible: it's their job! A few cases of people I know here already show how much they try to dodge assistance for you as soon as they legally can..<br /><br /> Two reasons why insurance-policy for personal health care is flawed:<br /> 1) The money you pay for your policy on a yearly basis doesn't even come close to cover the real expenditures of the medical establishment on a national scale even in such a small country. Not even close.. So it's actually still the government that finances the overwhelming most of technical bills and professionals' salaries there! Which it already did before... So what's new for the taxpayers? Just an added tax which goes to feed the wallets of powerful insurance companies, certainly not to fund emergency care departments or operating rooms. And this is a fact! (As well as an interesting political slip that should be worth some investigation a la Moore on this side of the big pond...)<br /> 2) Health care is a basic part of any system of social welfare associated with a logistically functioning and morally balanced society, if we look at the western democratic model. It's not something you can evaluate looking at the expenses, not in our wealthy countries. If even Cuba (as in Moore's example) is able to provide free medical assistance to its citizens, it should certainly be within the boundaries of European economies too! The biggest cost of privatized health care is not that monthly bill deducted from your salary, it's the moral and psychological burden one feels for it... You suddenly find your worth as a person accounted for by your monetary solvency, and not by simply being a member of a community. And this is a high price to pay for the single citizen as well as for society as a whole: it's one more significant step towards that dire feeling of being out there on your own bum, instead of being a member of a reliable group to which you contribute, and that, in case, will watch out on that bum of yours in return...<br /> Big mistake!hospitals here... Yet, simple truth is, the insurers are not going to be there for your health, but for your money! They rake in as much as possible, fork out as least as possible: it's their job! A few cases of people I know here already show how much they try to dodge assistance for you as soon as they legally can..      Two reasons why insurance-policy for personal health care is flawed:   1) The money you pay for your policy on a yearly basis doesn't even come close to cover the real expenditures of the medical establishment on a national scale even in such a small country. Not even close.. So it's actually still the government that finances the overwhelming most of technical bills and professionals' salaries there! Which it already did before... So what's new for the taxpayers? Just an added tax which goes to feed the wallets of powerful insurance companies, certainly not to fund emergency care departments or operating rooms. And this is a fact! (As well as an interesting political slip that should be worth some investigation a la Moore on this side of the big pond...)   2) Health care is a basic part of any system of social welfare associated with a logistically functioning and morally balanced society, if we look at the western democratic model. It's not something you can evaluate looking at the expenses, not in our wealthy countries. If even Cuba (as in Moore's example) is able to provide free medical assistance to its citizens, it should certainly be within the boundaries of European economies too! The biggest cost of privatized health care is not that monthly bill deducted from your salary, it's the moral and psychological burden one feels for it... You suddenly find your worth as a person accounted for by your monetary solvency, and not by simply being a member of a community. And this is a high price to pay for the single citizen as well as for society as a whole: it's one more significant step towards that dire feeling of being out there on your own bum, instead of being a member of a reliable group to which you contribute, and that, in case, will watch out on that bum of yours in return...     Big mistake!
1594489505|4.0|I wasn't a fan of \\"The Kite Runner\\".  This book is infinitely better.  Still dealing with horrific situations, Hosseini develops his story using historical facts of the devastation of Afghanistan.  Reading his book I oftentimes wondered why everyone in Afghanistan didn't commit suicide.  It would have ended the collective pain much sooner.<br />But Hosseini shows a spirit of hope in the Afghani soul, and a desire to compartmentalize atrocities so life can continue with a degree of normalcy.  You will be introduced to remarkable characters as well as some who will leave you cold.<br />One of my gripes, and why I didn't give this book five stars, is because there are too many characters who are \\"good\\" or \\"evil\\".  If all you can say about a major character is that he's abusive, then he isn't well developed.<br />I am looking forward to reading more of Husseini's works.  He shows tremendous promise!
B000O174CM|1.0|well what can i say about this film, not much,some of the songs are good,and the singing is ok. the whole story is rubbish the film is over long and becomes very silly and boring, so all in all i dont think it was any good and is a complete wast of time and money......i have loved diana ross for years and this film is just something made up by some bloody fool.
0618680004|3.0|Some Good Points, But Enough Already<br />There are many good points in this book, but it is a cumbersome, repetitive read, with some fallacies of its own.<br />Much is made of surveys that show that the more intelligent a person is, the less likely he is to believe in God.  If everyone who believed in God had an IQ of less than 90, it would have no bearing upon whether or not the entity existed, and Dawkins knows that.<br />Dawkins also repeatedly speaks about true and false beliefs. Statements are true or false, beliefs aren't. I might believe something that turns out to be wrong, but was my belief false? Or was I incorrect?<br />Beliefs are not based upon empirically verifiable things.  If you could prove God existed, it wouldn't make sense to believe in him.<br />Dawkins is right about the atrocities committed in the name of God and religion, but again, that neither affirms nor denies God's existence.<br />Reading this book was somewhat nostalgic.  It brought me back in time to when I studied Philosophy and Logic.  And to why I no longer do.
B000002J1M|5.0|I can't believe I actually thought about getting rid of Foxtrot when my progressive rock phase was over.  No way!  There's WAY too many excellent moments on this Genesis record to ever consider getting rid of it.  First of all, I love the album cover.  I love when artists go out of their way to make detailed work.      The music is quite incredible.  The band sounds like they wanted to be the most important thing in the world, because the songs were recorded LOUD and with lots of excitement.  \\"Watcher of the Skies\\" has the perfect demanding vocal melody, similar to how Led Zeppelin's \\"Black Dog\\" was put together, only Peter Gabriel is a much more emotional singer than Robert Plant (in my opinion).  \\"Time Table\\" is unbelievably depressing.  Talk about a song that makes me wanna give up on life!    \\"Get 'em Out By Friday\\" is famous for the \\"tick tock\\" like keyboard swirl that dominates the main section of the song, and for the Simon and Garfunkel-like mellow sections in between.  \\"Can-Utility and the Coastliners\\" has a spiritual vibe that seems to remain fresh after several listens.  Maybe the best song on the album.  A very exciting keyboard solo near the end and an almost circus-like vocal melody that finishes off the great track.  The first part of the song is where the vocals really shine, and I absolutely love this track.    The beauty continues for \\"Horizon's\\" and then, wow... how can I say this... um, let me see...  \\"Supper's Ready\\" is over 20 minutes long.  No, that's no typing error.  It's an extremely lengthy multi-part track filled with some of the most exciting vocal melodies and lyrics to EVER appear on a prog rock album.  The song might seem overlong at first, but actually it's a spectacular track that should be approached by treating the entire track as a bunch of tiny melodies attached together to create a big pleasant monster.    Overall, a very spiritual, interesting, and almost fairy tale-like album.  I can't say I've ever heard anything like it.
B000FGGE68|5.0|I actually really liked this movie, I had been wary about watching as it as it was panned by so many people but I thought it was great, amazing special effects, fabulous fight sequences, and a reasonably good plot that yet perhaps could do with a bit of tightening up but all in all it was worth watching.<br /><br />Take a future city, filled with humans and Vampires, only they aren't called Vampires, they are known as hemophages, and they are faster, and stronger than your average human but they are also hated and feared by humans and have all but been hunted into extinction.  Add to this concoction a beautiful hemophage called Violet , Milla Jovovich in her scantily dressed best whose fighting skills are legendary, a megalomaniac leader with a deadly secret, a human child known as Six whose very body is a weapon and who brings out the maternal instinct in Violet and a gentle but scientifically gifted hemophage played by the delectable William Fichtner who loves Violet and will do anything to save her.<br /><br />The movie is non stop action from beginning to end, and is quite amusing in parts too, like when one of the Vampires warn Violet that they are as fast and as strong as she is, but she points out that she is far more pissed off than they are, not only that but her maternal ire is up and she will do anything she can to save Six a child who is slowly dying from whatever has been added to his blood but with whom she shares a bond of loss, pain, sorrow and possible redemption.<br /><br />Despite the critics and reviewers panning this movie I give it a quality five out of five based on a high enjoyment factor of the fight scenes, the scenery, the drop dead gorgeous costumes that Violet gets to wear, the state of the art special effects and the quirky dialogue.<br /><br />I wish I had seen it on the big screen though, it must have been a sight to behold!
B000A0GYD2|4.0|This series is a superb effort to recreate the suspense and drama of getting to the moon. The fact that landing on the moon and returning safely was accomplished 6 times, and that no one actually died in space should be a source of amazement and pride for all mankind. The sets are superb and the acting excellent. My only quibble is that the introductory sequence for each episode is overly long and frustrating as the soundtrack is running while the credits show. On one episode the opening sequence takes 8 minutes! Still a wonderful recreation and worth every cent!
B00008DDRX|5.0|This movie takes full advantage of the medium... high quality film and a huge screen to portray the savage beauty of racing.  Just saw in HD and this movie is all great camera shots and perfect sequencing.  There is almost no \\"Hollywood\\" feel at all, just great cars and action.<br /><br />If they filmed all the racing first then cobbled together a script it was absolutely the right approach.  The \\"script\\" does not really matter and should take a backseat when the driving, camera work and editing is as well done as this movie.  An incredible feast for the eyes and ears (crank up the home theater and listen to those beasts roar!)
B000QQFKYE|5.0|Forget trying to come up with a linear and rational explanation for Inland Empire. Just let the images and sounds wash over you, as you descend into an insane dreamscape of confusion, terror, and wonder. Release your usual notions of forced, pat storytelling and allow this movie to enter your subconscious mind.<br /><br />You will be rewarded with a surrealistic adventure which defies explanation and analysis. You will be immersed into a world far beyond everyday experience. You will emerge unable to forget Inland Empire, for better or for worse.<br /><br />Just let go....
B0000042MY|5.0|This is my favorite recording to listen to while writing tension into the scenes of my romances. The percusssion score creates a sense of desperation and danger that lends itself well to many levels of tension in a character. And when the bonds of opposition need to be broken, 'Cora' and 'The Kiss' offer the tender side of life.<br /><br />P McCrillis
0385522401|2.0|Although the cover of \\"On Chesil Beach\\" claims this is a novel, it is most definitely a novella. Yes, the book is 203 pages in length, but contains small pages who's margins are wide and who's print is quite large. I read the entire affair in less than two hours.    Due to its length, McEwan has little time to develop the plot or the two main characters. What first appears to be the love story between well-to-do Florence and working class Edward quickly turns into the chronicle of their irregular honeymoon night.    I was expecting so much more from McEwan, who has impressed me with his plot twists in \\"Atonement\\" and more recently in \\"Saturday\\". If you are a die-hard Ian McEwan fan, check this one out of the library...you'll have it back on their shelves in less than two hours. There's much better work out there by this author.
0385338082|5.0|i looved this book! i just had to keep reading. i felt so bad for her, how humiliating that would be!! ahh but definitely addicting! i've reread it a few times so it's definitely worth trying!
B000IONJJ2|5.0|The characters in this film are despicable, back-stabbing, liars.  One is a manipulative vixen who'll use sex to get what she wants.  One is a hit-man who loves animals but is perfectly willing to kill an old lady.  One is the ultimate \\"ugly American\\" who is ultra-\\"stupid\\", vulgar, and in love with himself.  Finally, there is the respectable British lawyer who takes all but 2 seconds to decide to throw away his marriage and go after the young temptress.      Oh, by the way, I absolutely love this movie.  Kevin Kline incredibly, manages to steal the comic thunder from the two veteran Monty Python players.  It's really too bad that they never made another movie with Kline's Otto character.
B000FTWB7G|5.0|Not sure where people get that this is similiar to any other music out there.  Evanescence is a breed of its own and their music is absolutely breathtaking!<br /><br />Anyone who loved the first one should love the second one just as much.<br /><br />Love it!
B00005ATZT|5.0|This movie with Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones no doubt will leave you on the edge of your seat! From the moment it begins to the end it is first rate drama. Well worth the two hours of your attention! Best drama movie around for my money!!
B000068FXX|4.0|I was thrilled with the 1970 debut and found this 1977 release to be pretty enjoyable too.  One of the interesting things about Even in the Quietest Moments was that in the space of seven years, the wistful melancholy of the debut album had not been lost.  I also found that the arrangements on Even in the Quietest Moments were a bit more elaborate. Overall, this is a fine example of British symphonic pop with excellent production values and tight musicianship that is a lot of fun to listen to - admittedly, it did take me over 25 years to come around to Supertramp, but better late than never I suppose.<br /><br />The lineup on this album includes Roger Hodgson (vocals; Elka string synthesizer; Oberheim synthesizer; acoustic and electric guitars); Rick Davies (vocals; acoustic piano; Oberheim synthesizer; Hammond organ); Dougie Thomson (bass guitar); John Anthony Helliwell (Oberheim synthesizers; melodica; clarinet; saxophones; vocals); and Bob (Seibenberg (aka Bob C. Benberg) (drums and percussion).  These guys are competent musicians and work well as an ensemble - solos are tasteful, yet definitely take a back seat to the ensemble approach.  Synthesizer tone colors are very pleasant and the cushion of sound generated by the string synthesizer and the warm sounds of the Oberheim synthesizers really add to the symphonic fullness.  Of course, the extremely short string arrangements on Fool's Overture also contribute to the symphonic nature.  Both Roger and Rick have high pitched voices - a property that seems to have been one of the hallmarks of not only British symphonic pop, but groups that mixed hard rock/heavy metal with the English progressive rock like Styx, Rush, and Kansas (all great bands by the way).<br /><br />In keeping with the general approach of British symphonic pop, this music is not characterized by passages of blinding individual or ensemble virtuosity.  Rather, the group favored straightforward songwriting embellished with a range of instruments of varying texture, e.g. synthesizers, acoustic guitars, piano etc., and \\"symphonic\\" arrangements.  The seven tracks on the album range in length from 4:02 to 10:52 and are dominated by excellent melodies and harmonies that get quite emotional at times.  Tempi are primarily in the slow to mid range and heavy beats are avoided entirely.  Although occasional solos on the electric guitar and saxophone are scattered here and there, solos are de-emphasized in favor of rich arrangements.  As a progressive rock fan, my favorite tracks include the slow-building title track; the quiet and reflective Downstream; the sophisticated pop of Babaji; and the lengthy closing track Fool's Overture.<br /><br />This remastered effort by A&M is pretty good and features lyrics to each track along with a gatefold shot of the band.  The sound quality is also good - it seems likely that the remastered sound was generated by simply boosting the level of the original recording.<br /><br />All in all this is a good example of the massively popular British symphonic pop style that influenced the music of some of the English progressive rock bands as the 1970s drew to a close (e.g. Genesis - ...And then there were Three (1978); Renaissance - A Song for all Seasons (1978); ELP - Love Beach (1978)).  Although I was not a fan of Supertramp back in the day (I was too busy listening to Yes and King Crimson), I have started exploring Supertramp's back catalog and am generally pleased with what I have heard so far.  Even in the Quietest Moments is recommended along with the 1970 debut and Crime of the Century (1974).  Other albums of British symphonic pop that might also prove enjoyable include a few by the Alan Parsons Project (I, Robot (1977); and Pyramid (1978)) and one by the Electric Light Orchestra (On the Third Day (1973)).xture, e.g. synthesizers, acoustic guitars, piano etc., and \\"symphonic\\" arrangements.  The seven tracks on the album range in length from 4:02 to 10:52 and are dominated by excellent melodies and harmonies that get quite emotional at times.  Tempi are primarily in the slow to mid range and heavy beats are avoided entirely.  Although occasional solos on the electric guitar and saxophone are scattered here and there, solos are de-emphasized in favor of rich arrangements.  As a progressive rock fan, my favorite tracks include the slow-building title track; the quiet and reflective Downstream; the sophisticated pop of Babaji; and the lengthy closing track Fool's Overture.    This remastered effort by A&M is pretty good and features lyrics to each track along with a gatefold shot of the band.  The sound quality is also good - it seems likely that the remastered sound was generated by simply boosting the level of the original recording.    All in all this is a good example of the massively popular British symphonic pop style that influenced the music of some of the English progressive rock bands as the 1970s drew to a close (e.g. Genesis - ...And then there were Three (1978); Renaissance - A Song for all Seasons (1978); ELP - Love Beach (1978)).  Although I was not a fan of Supertramp back in the day (I was too busy listening to Yes and King Crimson), I have started exploring Supertramp's back catalog and am generally pleased with what I have heard so far.  Even in the Quietest Moments is recommended along with the 1970 debut and Crime of the Century (1974).  Other albums of British symphonic pop that might also prove enjoyable include a few by the Alan Parsons Project (I, Robot (1977); and Pyramid (1978)) and one by the Electric Light Orchestra (On the Third Day (1973)).
0316010669|1.0|We all understand that on occasion we can come to immediate and correct opinions (and choices) about people and things. Who is lying to us and who is sincere, what product is good and what is bad, what choice to make, what lying rat to NOT go into partnership with. It is so good when we do this and we are proven right in the long run. We wish we could make all the decisions in our life immediately and correctly. If you are hoping that this book will give you some insight into how you can make more good and immediate decisions in your life you can forget about finding it in this book.  This writer has the ability to puff up what should be a 3 page Reader's Digest article into 300 pages (albeit big print) and then present you with no real conclusions other than the fact that the more experience you have the better your self-conscious will help you to make good decisions, quickly. Hip Hip Hurray!!! Give this man a Ph.D.!  Use your experience, and let your subconscious quide you to a good and quick choice.... \\"Don't buy this book\\".
B00005JPD0|4.0|I had a geat aniticipation about the movie as the previews seemeed to advertise with actions packed & intrigue... Great movie like this reminded me of D. Washington astonished performance in drama \\"Man of Fire\\" as far as acting goes. His performance here is no precedent not discarding other great cast-actors in this film were also perfect.   I give a 4 stars for the production itself as far as editing, casting and a minus one for the plotline coherence. I'd agree that the end was non-sense as far as seeing a deceased back from nowhere. The Fed's project Sat surveillance is cool as far as it parameters what it has access-datas-to, but foreseeing through walls and no-data-access angles is kind' of too unreal even to produce, and that mixed with time travel element. There's too much datas to reconcile into one data-work as seen in the movie.   The fact that the program could actually time travel could be too unrealistic, I think the end just shattered the whole plot apart and contradicted itself. Carlin should have been left dead, and that would of wrapped up the whole story line as if as nothing ever happened. In that, the only changes done, was Carlin's death and the terrorist's mission demise, but that nobody would ever know about but his other dogg who helped him out. Then, that would make the whole time travel idea more credible.  However, I give credits to the production as a whole, the director Tony Scott's guidance unshooked. I recommend the film but wished the end didn't violate the borrowed time tangent with Carlin's reappearance.   However, as a fan, with D. Washington acting just minimized the whole prejudice...
0345494997|3.0|The author keeps the characters at arm's length, so readers fail to engage fully with them.  Halfway through the book the personalities develop some heft but empathy is nevertheless lacking, even during the final scenes.  It would have helped to have some physical descriptions of the people - descriptions of nature and architecture abound, but after all, this is a book about people.
0671027387|4.0|Deception Point kept my interest, and challenged my mind as I read it. I really enjoyed this book and the twists and turns. It had everything a good thriller needs, bad guys, good guys, good guys that are bad, bad guys that are good, and a bit of a romance (without much actual sex to distract from the plot). I found some of the things in this book to be a bit unbelievable which is probably why I didn't give it 5 stars, but all in all it was pretty realistic and up-to-date with technology and science. I even learned a lot about ice-conditions and research (and some things about NASA and our government which are probably true, but not talked about openly!) I read this book nearly straight through, so it was a page-turner---definetly the sign of a must-read. Dan Brown is a fantastic writer and I think you will enjoy this one too.<br /><br />Meghan Wier<br />Author<br />[[ASIN:0595374247 Confessions of an Introvert: The Shy Girl's Guide to Career, Networking and Getting the Most Out of Life]]
B000Q6GUTI|1.0|What's wrong with Danny Glover's mouth? I couldn't concentrate after hearing him speak in that lisp. This was Wahlberg's follow up to the academy award winning performance in The Departed??? WTF?! The only thing I learned from Shooter is that to get through this movie you have to do about 100 Whippets... Please Shooter, end my pain and shoot me comatose from Whippets if I ever have to see this movie again.
B000IZJZLM|4.0|I'm a new fan to this quartet.  I think they need a little more polish to meld their voices to become great; however they sing very well.  I would say their style is somewhere between pop and classic.  Each voice is strong, distinctive and holds a solo well.  A very enjoyable CD and addition to my collection.
B000V1Z8KK|1.0|What's wrong with Danny Glover's mouth? I couldn't concentrate after hearing him speak in that lisp. This was Wahlberg's follow up to the academy award winning performance in The Departed??? WTF?! The only thing I learned from Shooter is that to get through this movie you have to do about 100 Whippets... Please Shooter, end my pain and shoot me comatose from Whippets if I ever have to see this movie again.
0743289684|5.0|An expose of Islam from a woman who has lived it.    I've always been uncomfortable about Islam (as an outsider) because of it's treatment of women, in spite of all the publicly-expressed rationales that it's because women are \\"so precious.\\"  Now the blinders are off!  Islam, in it's treatment of women, is infinitely more awful than I could have ever dreamed possible.       This lady is extraordinary, both in terms of what she has built of her life into given the circumstances of her birth, and with respect to her ability to express her thoughts with great strength and clarity.      HIGHLY recommended.
0736063684|5.0|I got this book a few weeks ago. I have the first edtion of this book. The cover of the first edtion is the same except for the color of it. The first edtion is a baby blue while the second is this dark blue you see.     This book is really a great book for not just strenght training but for bodybuilding in general. It doesn't give you a workout plan or meal tips or anything like that. What it does those it shos you the whole anatomy. Not only that but the whole anatomy while it is doing the exercise. You can see which muscle is wroking on a given exercise. This is so helpful.  As you study the exercise you can put together your self what kind of a program you need for your goals. It does give you tips about doing certain exercises in a different way to hit a muscle in a different way.     All of my friends borrowed this book from me and told me that the book really helped them.   The second edtion is updated by putting more information about injury.    The first edtion has a error with a picture of the decline bench... it looks like a flat bench. The second edtion clears that up..    Great book a must have....
1416524800|2.0|I have read three Dan Brown books: Da Vinci code, Angels and Demons and this..although the other two books where average at best, this is just pathetic..the plot is incredibly thin and you can spot the twists from chapters away..something which is rather annoying since you're screaming at the characters who are really for some reason quite dim and require 100 pages to figure out simple facts.. also this book reads like a second or even third rate Hollywood action movie..full of false american notions regarding God, patriotism and many overemphasized dramatic moments..it seems once you make a name for yourself any piece of trash you publish is a classic..recycle this..
0374105235|5.0|I highly recommend - it's a moving book, and makes a person thankful for the gifts we've been given.  This is a story of how easy it becomes to dehumanize eachother for survival, for society or for our own faults self rightiousness. This is a story of how truly we are all good people, and the long term inpact dehuminization will have.  Ishmael had a hard fight back - i congratulate him for seeing his own goodness and understanding that there is another way.
0679737456|1.0|This book is horrible. The writing is badly done, and it is so drawn out and boring. It felt like one hour to read one chapter it was so bad.
0143038419|1.0|Boo!  I hated it!  I have never actually put a book down without finishing it, but less than halfway through Bali I was skimming the pages just to find out if she meditated herself into oblivion (which, I must admit, I was hoping for).    I was attracted to this book because I identified with the story told on the back cover.  I have many friends who have gone through divorce and I too have questioned my decisions and my faith at times.  I enjoyed the section on Italy and was happy to find her finally making decisions to please herself.    But then we got to India and that's when she got just a little too proud of herself.  I grew so tired of her boasting about how all her decisions led to a higher plans of consciousness and a new appreciation for life and a new understanding of the universe at large.    And Bali was even worse.  Oh man I was hoping the little old dude didn't remember her.  Didn't that whole episode just turn out a little too cutely?  And then she fell off her bike!  And met her doctor friend! And bought her a house! And met an old dude!  And then she masturbated! And then she slept with the old dude! And of course she's better at that than any of us because she is enlightened!  And then she made a little rhyming couplet of a life in Australia, America, Bali, and Brazil! PUKE.    Like Bridget Jones's nemeses \\"smug marrieds,\\" Elizabeth Gilbert is a smug enlightened.  I just got very bored with hearing - although she claims to believe any path to God is valid - that her path was the most successful.  Read the part about Italy and then pass this one along.
1582701709|5.0|I purchased as a gift.  The recepient was very happy with book and has read it several times.
B000MQC9H4|5.0|I thought this movie was wonderful. Although, I have to mention that it made a bigger impact on me after the second viewing. I thought the 4 main characters played their roles wonderfully. I'd have to say that this movie is now roaming towards the top of my favorite list!
055357342X|5.0|All of the comments I made about book 2 apply here as well ... although in this case, even though the book seems more complex and fragmentary than ever, the pacing seems slightly faster, and the amount of gratuitous sex and gory violence is a bit less. Unlike book 2, books 1 & 3 doesn't go quite so far enough overboard on those elements to merit a \\"Mature Reader\\" warning.<br /><br />I think the pacing seems faster because GRRM got busy resolving a lot of dangling plot lines in rather ... ahem ... forceful fashion. Yes, that's a backhanded reference to my comments in book 2 regarding his tendency towards excessively high mortality among his main characters. This book reads like a Greek Tragedy at times.<br /><br />Anyway, despite the incredibly fragmented storytelling, I still found it to be a gripping and highly entertaining read ... due in large part to the growing sense of depth in some of the main villains**. It's not often I finish 3,000+ pages of books in such a short period of time.<br /><br />[SPOILER ALERT]<br />---------------<br />I like how the author gave added depth to the characters of Jaime & Tyrion Lannister, by introducing nostalgia, regret, remorse, and a latent need for redemption and having a legacy. Tyrion got repeatedly screwed by his own family, no matter how hard he tried, and would up exacting some long overdue revenge. Ditto to a lesser degree for Jaime, who took a refreshingly introspective turn after his maiming.<br />---------------<br />[/SPOILER END]<br /><br />Highly recommended ... albeit for patient readers with a longer than average attention span.<br /><br />[EDIT] Ok, here's something else that bother's me about GRRM's writing style that I forgot to mention in my review of Book 2 - he seems to take undue pleasure in describing people going to the bathroom. Yes, it's a perfectly normal reality of daily life, and we all go to the bathroom .. but he describes it with such regularity that it's almost like he's doing it to make a statement - like he's flaunting his commitment to hyper realism.<br /><br />I actually remember the very first time that the sound of a toilet flushing was allowed on American TV ... it was the infamous flush by Archie Bunker on \\"All In The Family\\". People at the time yelled and screamed and talked like the world was ending. Well, it didn't ... but it definitely paved the way for an ever deepening spiral into unnecessarily graphic (and base) entertainment - which brings us back to GRRM, who, in one scene, has someone get shot in the groin with a crossbow, while they're on the privy ... and he goes out of his way to describe how the person's bowels loosen and empty down the chute into the moat below.<br /><br />I realize we'll never go back to 1950'ish sensibilities of Tolkien (in which the author created a vast body of perfect 10 fantasy work that didn't incluide even a single needlessly graphic reference to voiding one's bowels or raping corpses), nor should we ... but there comes a point when enough is enough. I think GRRM repeatedly crosses that line at times. Eddie Murphy demonstrated some time ago that although the word \\"f*@k\\" is funny, there comes a point when it's possible to overdo it, and it's just not funny anymore. GRRM does the same thing at times in his writing, with excessive references to bodily functions.<br /><br />I'm still forced to give the book 5 stars however, despite my plethora of pet peeves.r realism.     I actually remember the very first time that the sound of a toilet flushing was allowed on American TV ... it was the infamous flush by Archie Bunker on \\"All In The Family\\". People at the time yelled and screamed and talked like the world was ending. Well, it didn't ... but it definitely paved the way for an ever deepening spiral into unnecessarily graphic (and base) entertainment - which brings us back to GRRM, who, in one scene, has someone get shot in the groin with a crossbow, while they're on the privy ... and he goes out of his way to describe how the person's bowels loosen and empty down the chute into the moat below.     I realize we'll never go back to 1950'ish sensibilities of Tolkien (in which the author created a vast body of perfect 10 fantasy work that didn't incluide even a single needlessly graphic reference to voiding one's bowels or raping corpses), nor should we ... but there comes a point when enough is enough. I think GRRM repeatedly crosses that line at times. Eddie Murphy demonstrated some time ago that although the word \\"f*@k\\" is funny, there comes a point when it's possible to overdo it, and it's just not funny anymore. GRRM does the same thing at times in his writing, with excessive references to bodily functions.     I'm still forced to give the book 5 stars however, despite my plethora of pet peeves.
B000NQR7KM|3.0|First of all, I have to say that there are many impressive aspects to this release:    1.  Phil Collins' vocals are a revelation here and I have to say that even though I've been listening to this album for about 25 years, I now have a totally different take on the vocals on this album - they are stunning.  And they are also (finally) much more forward in the mix and stripped of the dated echo and reverb effects.  This is a good thing.      2.  The surround mix itself is outstanding and I'm glad to see that these audio engineers are finally mastering the art of making great 5.1 mixes, and without feeling the need to ping-pong the instruments all over the room.    3.  Mad Man Moon never ceases to amaze me.  I can't believe that this song is not regarded as one of their all-time high points.    However...the CD layer is another story.  When I listened to the CD layer for the first time, I honestly thought that there was something wrong with my receiver.  Basically, every single dynamic peak on the album is lopped off, and not subtly either.  The drums on \\"Squonk\\" had always sounded so powerful, now they sound like tin cans.  The sound during the intro to \\"Dance on a Volcano\\" actually drops out momentarily during the peaks in the intro - I laughed out loud the first time I heard this.  Is this some kind of joke?  I honestly think that FM radio has less compression than the CD layer here.  I can't imagine that anyone related to the band actually approved this, as it is downright amateurish at best.  Even though the compression may make the cymbals sound nice and give the music added brightness, as far as musical reproduction is concerned, it's an abomination.  I was expecting the CD layer to be a 2006 remaster, transferred to digital from the original tapes using the latest digital converters - man, what a letdown.  Having said that, the previous Definitive Remaster CD IS damned well done and does the job anyway.     Audiophiles, take heed if you're buying this in hopesof getting a definitive 2-channel version of this album.  You already own one.    And I absolutely cringe when I try to imagine what the \\"The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway\\" album will sound like when it is similarly \\"improved.\\"
0553573403|5.0|This series is off to an excellent start.  The author is a skilled storyteller, and he can handle epic plots of large scope and scale, without unduly confusing the reader ... and he's thoughtful enough to include a who's who of characters in the back, of each \\"house\\" involved in the overall story. Would that more authors were as helpful.<br /><br />The characterizations are good, the moral dilemmas are cutting, the author uses unexpected plot twists & intrigue in order to prevent the plot from becomming too predictable, and he's able to tug the heart strings well in order to make us care about the characters he creates, and the decisions/hardships they're faced with.<br /><br />Oh, there are minor errors here and there - all authors have them, but none (so far) bad enough to be worth carping about.  Case in point is that the pacing is a bit sluggish at times ... but I dont mind authors taking their time to tell their tale, as long as the ride itself is enjoyable. And as an amateur cook, and a former SCAdian, I rather enjoy detailed descriptions of food and clothing. It helps make the experience more real.<br /><br />This series, so far, seems to be a very solid and highly entertaining read ... I just ordered the next 2 books in the series, and I'm very much looking forward to finishing the one I'm reading now.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
B0000025AI|4.0|This has to be one of the best Blues albums in 20 years. The combination of Johnny Winter's slide guitar and \\"yell\\" vocals make for a seriously good CD. TV Mama and Tired of Tryin' are the quintessential in gritty Blues tunes. Forget the Johnny Winter you might remember from his Rock n'Roll daze....this is the BLUES.
0553579908|4.0|Ok, I just finished Book 2, and I have to say I'm not quite as happy as I was with Book 1. Don't get me wrong - it's still a very entertaining read, but I'm encountering enough things that irritate me to actually speak up a bit.<br /><br />(1) LEADEN PACE: Yes, I can now see what others have complained about. Book 1 moved along slowly, but Book 2 positively crawls at times.<br /><br />(2) EXCESSIVE LENGTH/COMPLEXITY: The author should have put this book on a treadmill, and made it loose 250 or so pages. It's too flabby, even for someone of my laid back literary nature. The chief problem is that the author tells the tale from too many different angles at the same time, and the result is a story that's fragmentary ... and difficult to get back into if you put it down for more than a few days. Working from 8 different moving points on the same map, in simultaneous fashion, is a too fragmentary, and makes it difficult for the reader to relax into the tale. Instead, the reader is left to paddle furiously, like a poodle dropped in a swimming pool, with people shouting \\"over here !\\" from multiple different angles. It's sink or swim.<br /><br />(3) EXCESSIVELY GRAPHIC VIOLENCE: I have the same complaint with movies these days ... the author seems to revel in describing sucking chest wounds, ropy intestines spilling out, and festering wounds. I'm well acquainted with the harsh realities of limited medieval medicine, but the author goes overboard at times, and there are moments when it feels like I'm watching a \\"splat\\" movie. Also, his \\"maester\\" healers seem rather under skilled, medically ... for all their supposedly great training, all the author seems capable of having them do is do simple bandages, pour boiling wine into gashes, apply leeches, and give people \\"milk of poppy\\" or \\"dream wine\\". There's a lot more to first aid, even at the medieval level, than just that.<br /><br />(4) EXCESSIVE SEX: I've noticed a definite trend in both TV, SciFi and Fantasy over the past 20 years towards more and more sex. There were a few scenes in Book 1 of this series that raised my eyebrow, but not enough to carp about. This book, however, raises the bar considerably ... we see fellatio & cunnilingus, as well as repeated references to anal sex, buggery, incest, rape-murders, and even a reference to necrophilia {re: the character \\"Reek\\"}. In fact, I'd be hard pressed to name a chapter than didn't seem to have an obligatory sex scene, or sexual reference in it - and more often than not in an unsavory context. Don't get me wrong - I'm not a prude by any stretch of the imagination, and these things are realities of everyday life ... but there was no warning on the cover that the book is liberally interspersed with such content. Things have come a long way from the days of Robert E. Howard's Conan, and Edgar Rice Burroughs' John Carter of Mars pulps, in which we occasionally see women clad in gossamer veils, the occasional flash of nipple, and a quick fade-out on people who begin to get it on. GRRM doesn't leave the room at all ... he just lowers the action from XXX to NC-17 (single x) in order to avoid excessive complaints. In other words, he's pushing the envelope of the genre. I don't mind mature content at all ... but I *do* mind the lack of notice on the cover. The book should be marked as such, for the convenience of prospective readers who don't want to get blindsided by such things.<br /><br />(5) EXCESSIVE MORTALITY: Ya know, I've played in some role playing campaigns in which the mortality level was gratuitously high - to the point where it seemed like the GM was perhaps overcompensating for their own real life shortcomings (e.g., no career, no sex life, no control over their fate) by making everyone else's life a living hell. In the case of this book, the author seems (to me) to go overboard in setting up characters and sub-plots, and then killing everything (and everyone) off, just to keep people guessing. Some people call that being bold and taking risks with the plot, whereas I think of it as being excessively sadistic - what's the point of sitting though all GRRM's long and plodding buildup, only to have the author crumple it up and toss it in the trash and go off in a completely different direction ? Where's the intellectual and emotional payoff ? Although gripping and entertaining, I'd be hard pressed to find much in this book that's uplifting, comforting, secure, nostalgic or inspiring, because the author is constantly ripping down plots and characters and papering up new ones every other chapter ... like a frothing tyrant, setting up elaborate patterns of dominos, just so he can gleefully kick them over. There's a fine line between having enough mortality to make death and failure a constant presence in the overall story (as it is in real life), and having half the characters die horribly, from book to book. It's too much, IMHO.<br /><br />(6) ERATTA: There are some things that the author just plain gets wrong. For instance, the author's distance terminology usage appears wrong. I haven't analyzed it too closely, but it seems (to me) like he uses the term \\"leagues\\" as if they were the same as kilometers. They are NOT the same. One league = 3 miles = 4.83 kilometers. If his usage of the term were correct, then it should take a *lot* longer for people to get from place to place than it seems to in his plot. The author, however, doesn't seem to have the patience to support that sort of slow travel pace however, so he just seems to ignore the consequences of his improper use of terminology.<br /><br />(7) CULINARY SHORTCOMINGS: I enjoy writers who take their food seriously (big props to GRRM for that), but it bothers me when people make mistakes. For instance - people going on multi-week trips over rough terrain, on foot or horse, don't typically lug lots of raw eggs with them for breakfast ... they're fragile, they're heavy (mostly water), and they easily spoil. Rib bones don't have soft edible marrow ... only the bones of extremities have soft marrow that's suck able. I'd also complain about blueberries (early summer), mint (late summer & early fall), and grapes (fall) not being in season at the same time, but since the seasons in the author's world span multiples of years, I think we can let that one slide. However, if the main continent of the seven kingdoms is truly a thousand leagues long, then Dorne and The Wall should be in different hemispheres, and the growing seasons should be reversed ... however, the plot seems to imply that the entire continent is in the same hemisphere, with much the same growing season. Perhaps there's something that the author is not telling us, and that perhaps their world is 10x the diameter of Earth (and spins faster on it's axis to make up for it). Still, I find it hard to believe that they can enjoy fresh oranges way up north, at The Wall. Based on the distances involved, the author should have (instead) featured pickled lemons, instead of fresh citrus. Also, there's not enough regional variations in the cuisine depicted. We don't see much dothraki cuisine except for mares milk and horse meat, and over in the seven kingdoms, and cuisine in the north seems to differ from the south only in that the south is more wealthy, and that fruit is a bit more prevalent. The only time the author mentions spices is in spiced wine, and the only seasoning in his food is salt and pepper. For the amount of word count that the author devotes to food, he could do better, with regards to regional diversity of cuisine.<br /><br />Bottom line: I'm still very much enjoying this series, but there's room for improvement.eas I think of it as being excessively sadistic - what's the point of sitting though all GRRM's long and plodding buildup, only to have the author crumple it up and toss it in the trash and go off in a completely different direction ? Where's the intellectual and emotional payoff ? Although gripping and entertaining, I'd be hard pressed to find much in this book that's uplifting, comforting, secure, nostalgic or inspiring, because the author is constantly ripping down plots and characters and papering up new ones every other chapter ... like a frothing tyrant, setting up elaborate patterns of dominos, just so he can gleefully kick them over. There's a fine line between having enough mortality to make death and failure a constant presence in the overall story (as it is in real life), and having half the characters die horribly, from book to book. It's too much, IMHO.     (6) ERATTA: There are some things that the author just plain gets wrong. For instance, the author's distance terminology usage appears wrong. I haven't analyzed it too closely, but it seems (to me) like he uses the term \\"leagues\\" as if they were the same as kilometers. They are NOT the same. One league = 3 miles = 4.83 kilometers. If his usage of the term were correct, then it should take a *lot* longer for people to get from place to place than it seems to in his plot. The author, however, doesn't seem to have the patience to support that sort of slow travel pace however, so he just seems to ignore the consequences of his improper use of terminology.     (7) CULINARY SHORTCOMINGS: I enjoy writers who take their food seriously (big props to GRRM for that), but it bothers me when people make mistakes. For instance - people going on multi-week trips over rough terrain, on foot or horse, don't typically lug lots of raw eggs with them for breakfast ... they're fragile, they're heavy (mostly water), and they easily spoil. Rib bones don't have soft edible marrow ... only the bones of extremities have softmarrow that's suck able. I'd also complain about blueberries (early summer), mint (late summer & early fall), and grapes (fall) not being in season at the same time, but since the seasons in the author's world span multiples of years, I think we can let that one slide. However, if the main continent of the seven kingdoms is truly a thousand leagues long, then Dorne and The Wall should be in different hemispheres, and the growing seasons should be reversed ... however, the plot seems to imply that the entire continent is in the same hemisphere, with much the same growing season. Perhaps there's something that the author is not telling us, and that perhaps their world is 10x the diameter of Earth (and spins faster on it's axis to make up for it). Still, I find it hard to believe that they can enjoy fresh oranges way up north, at The Wall. Based on the distances involved, the author should have (instead) featured pickled lemons, instead of fresh citrus. Also, there's not enough regional variations in the cuisine depicted. We don't see much dothraki cuisine except for mares milk and horse meat, and over in the seven kingdoms, and cuisine in the north seems to differ from the south only in that the south is more wealthy, and that fruit is a bit more prevalent. The only time the author mentions spices is in spiced wine, and the only seasoning in his food is salt and pepper. For the amount of word count that the author devotes to food, he could do better, with regards to regional diversity of cuisine.     Bottom line: I'm still very much enjoying this series, but there's room for improvement.
B000003N7K|5.0|This album is splendid indeed. I'm not in love with everything Trane did in his life as my reviews are there to testify. But this album is so beautiful. I don't find his \\"sheets of sound\\" so appealing in the end and I totally refuse his free period. But this album ... Nevertheless be sure he has my total respect for his musicianship and for what he gave to our music. But coming back to this album I couldn't imagine it could be so beautiful. I did buy \\"Ballads\\" more than ten years ago and I have ever worshipped that record ... but I never payed attention to the fact that Trane recorded two more albums on the ballad side (this one and the Ellington collaboration). The other day I did buy this one and I think Johnny Hartman voice, even if unusual in a sense becuase it is deep as the Mariann's Hole... it perfectly fits the mood of the music created here by the Coltrane's combo. So what we have here is another masterpiece on the level of \\"Ballads\\" which to me ranks among the most beautiful albums in the history of Jazz. This said by a Non-Coltrane aficionado is a big statement I think. It is simply an album of perfect, lovely, deep romanticism but I don't agree on the fact that it's balanced as all seem to say here. On the contrary to me it is a severe indulgence in sweetness for real, even if a lot of people tend to overshadow this fact. Of course Tyner indulges in romanticisms this with great taste and Trane limits himself almost only to the theme statements like he did on Ballads too ... and these things help the album gain a sort of minimalistic approach, but nevertheless it remains the last word in sweetness and extreme romanticism. Among the most precious things about this album to me there are the very first note by McCoy Tyner ... that little intro to \\"They say it's wonderful\\" that seem an intro to a theatrical piece ... they perfectly create the mood for the type of music is going to happen. A very special beginning like all the very big albums you really remember (like Kind of Blue for example ...the beginning of an album is too much important)... In the end it's really the most romantic GOOD album I know together with Trane's \\"Ballads\\", Dexter Gordon's \\"Ballads\\", \\"Sinatra Sings for Only the lonely\\", Toots Thielemans with Kenny Werner, Jarrett's \\"The melody at night with you\\" and few more. Sure this one has a classic beauty that it is unmatchable but it's appeal and success depends also on the fact that it's an easy album that everyone can easily enjoy, even the unsophisticated listeners (like many girls for example ... sorry but, ... that's it). It's an album that belongs to the best Jazz collections out there (mine included) but it's something that every person could enjoy, because it lives of a simple beauty that can speak to every romantic heart. By the way the tunes I think are the best are absolutly the opener which is really the best of them all for me. It is one of the best ballads ever... here they give the perfect version of the song, ... (maybe together with the one by Frank Sinatra of course which is always the absolute reference). Second place for \\"Lush Life\\" and of course \\"My one and only love\\". But certainly every tune has its beauty, its place and merit in this album. Johnny Hartman by the way, is stratospheric.er (like Kind of Blue for example ...the beginning of an album is too much important)... In the end it's really the most romantic GOOD album I know together with Trane's \\"Ballads\\", Dexter Gordon's \\"Ballads\\", \\"Sinatra Sings for Only the lonely\\", Toots Thielemans with Kenny Werner, Jarrett's \\"The melody at night with you\\" and few more. Sure this one has a classic beauty that it is unmatchable but it's appeal and success depends also on the fact that it's an easy album that everyone can easily enjoy, even the unsophisticated listeners (like many girls for example ... sorry but, ... that's it). It's an album that belongs to the best Jazz collections out there (mine included) but it's something that every person could enjoy, because it lives of a simple beauty that can speak to every romantic heart. By the way the tunes I think are the best are absolutly the opener which is really the best of them all for me. It is one of the best ballads ever... here they give the perfect version of the song, ... (maybe together with the one by Frank Sinatra of course which is always the absolute reference). Second place for \\"Lush Life\\" and of course \\"My one and only love\\". But certainly every tune has its beauty, its place and merit in this album. Johnny Hartman by the way, is stratospheric.
0441172717|5.0|[Review written in Dec 2004]<br /><br />It's credentials say it all ... winner of the Hugo and Nebula awards, and widely acclaimed as one of the crowning masterpieces of Science Fiction.<br /><br />Before I begin, the first thing that people need to do is to ignore the exceedingly mediocre and disappointing theatrical movie. The made-for-TV mini-series by the SciFi Channel was marginally better, but still fell well short of the quality and depth of the original books. Readers also need to completely forget (and avoid) the highly mediocre `fluff' offering by Brian Herbert, who is apparently trying to ride to success on the coat tails of his departed father.<br /><br />That having been said, the Dune Saga (referring to the series as a whole) tells the tale of how an intergalactic empire, stuck for countless centuries in a rut of social and technological stagnation, suddenly reaches a political, military, economic and religious \\"tipping point\\" ... and then suddenly slides headlong into war & chaos, as military alliances, political powers, economic cartels, and secret societies/orders all begin vying desperately for control over the most precious substance in the known universe: The Spice Melange (which extends life, expands consciousness, and makes interstellar travel possible).<br /><br />It's a tremendously complex and sweeping story, pulled off in elegant fashion by a grandmaster writer ... and the amazing thing is that it can be read on so many different levels, and that it touches on so many different branches of academic interest - cult dynamics & religious engineering, philosophy, ecology, eugenics & selective breeding, medical ethics, super intelligence & racial memory, etc ad infinitum.<br /><br />This is not a series to be attempted lightly by casual SciFi day trippers ... this is fairly toothsome, polymathic and intellectually challenging series that lays the burden of keeping up with the sweeping social avalanche(s) underway squarely in the lap of the reader. If you prefer your scifi lite and not too challenging, then you're probably better off avoiding this series, because you won't be happy.<br /><br />Highly recommended - for high brow readers.not too challenging, then you're probably better off avoiding this series, because you won't be happy.     Highly recommended - for high brow readers.
0743289684|5.0|This is a story of brutality - brutality of body, soul, and spirit.<br /><br />Ayaan Hirsi Ali takes us on the remarkable journey of her life, from Somalia, to Saudi Arabia, to Kenya, and ultimately to a position as Member of Parliament in the Netherlands.<br /><br />Along the way she is beaten, mutilated and abused, and yet she rises above it all. And what is the prize for having run the race and overcome?<br /><br />Death threats.<br /><br />Hirsi Ali's voice speaks from across a chasm:<br /><br />\\"People are always asking me what it's like to live with death threats. It's like being diagnosed with a chronic disease. It may flare up and kill you, but it may not. It could happen in a week, or not for decades.<br /><br />The people who ask me this usually have grown up in rich countries, Western Europe and America, after the Second World War. They take life for granted. Where I grew up, death is a constant visitor. A virus, bacteria, a parasite; drought and famine; soldiers, and torturers; could bring it to anyone, any time. Death comes riding on raindrops that turned to floods. It catches the imagination of men in positions of authority who order their subordinates to hunt, torture, and kill people they imagine to be enemies. Death lures many others to take their own lives in order to escape a dismal reality. For many women, because of the perception of lost honor, death comes at the hands of a father, a brother, or husband. Death comes to young women giving birth to new life, leaving the new born orphaned in the hands of strangers...<br /><br />When I was born, my mother initially thought that death had taken me away. But it didn't. When I got malaria and pneumonia, I recovered. When my genitals were cut, the wound healed. When a bandit held a knife to my throat, he decided not to slit it. When my Quran teacher fractured my skull, the doctor who treated me kept death at bay.\\"<br /><br />A voice from across a chasm, speaking words that need to be heard in this season and in this time.<br /><br />Difficult to read but highly recommended just the same.ed just the same.
B00003CWL6|5.0|...a small ending to Gary F. Taylor \\"GFT\\"'s review by telling that a very significant thing is (like in real life) that the only decent and nice guy is the one who gets killed. Of course, American people seem to think that getting rid of those who make life miserable for those around them would not be compatible with 'Beauty' as they see it. Cast and crew are perfect.
0380730367|4.0|In \\"Prayers For Rain\\", the fifth (and to this date last) installment in the Patrick/Angela series, Lehane delivers what fans expect from this gritty series.    With Angela and Patrick estranged after the shattering conclusion in \\"Gone Baby Gone\\", Patrick takes on a case to find out why an ex-client, a seemingly honest and pure young woman, has committed suicide.  To Patrick, who has seen the absolute ugliest sides of human nature detailed in the previous novels, the suicide is troubling because this woman seemed to embody what is missing from his life:  order, refinement and innocence.  For the world to be devoid of even one persons goodness does not sit right with Patrick, so he decides to investigate her death under his own initiative even when her own family questions why he must dredge up the pain from a death clearly ruled a suicide.    \\"Prayers For Rain\\" contains all the elements that makes this series such a huge hit with the fans, but it begins to feel a little bit formulaic.  It is difficult to write five novels with the same principle characters and keep it fresh, but Lehane almost pulls it off.  The plot is interesting, provides a lot of tension, has all the trademark surprises and new characters.  However (and I hate to admit it), it felt I had read many of the situations in his previous books from the series.  Obviously the settings, characters and action were different, but on some level there was a \\"seen that, done that\\" feeling though out the book.    I don't want to suggest that \\"Prayers For Rain\\" is not a good book (I did give it four stars) because it is very engaging and well written. Unfortunately the novelties of the characters start thinning in this book slightly. Read it for the exciting well written thriller that is, and enjoy the ride because I think Lehane needed to work very hard to make this book live up to what we expect from this series.  It did
B000K7VHQE|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies I have seen in the last few years. This is the result of a combination of fascinating characters, great dialogues and outstanding performances by an all-star cast. On top of that, the final scene is so unexpected and hilarious that you will be rolling on the floor laughing.<br /><br />Olive is a seven-year-old girl whose hobby is to compete in pageants. She spends a lot of time practicing her routine and watching recordings of the Miss America pageant and mimicking the gestures of the competitors. She has one of the most dysfunctional and peculiar families you can think of. Her father, Richard, has created a nine-step program to transform people into winners. He is trying to get a publisher for the book, \\"Refuse to Lose\\", and the economic future of the family depends on the success of this enterprise. Her mother, Sheryl, likes to be brutally honest, feeds her family chicken out of a bucket every night and hides her smoking habit. Sheryl also has to deal with the suicide attempt by her brother, uncle Frank. Olive's grandpa also lives with the family. The old man is Olive's coach and has a drug addiction. Finally, there is the brother, Dwayne, who has promised not to talk until he is accepted into the Air Force and who idolizes the German philosopher Nietzsche.<br /><br />The dialogues are so good that it is unreal. For example, the honest approach of Sheryl led to a discussion during dinner in which Frank ended up explaining about his suicide attempt. But this carried further, since one of the reasons for it was being rejected by his male lover. Imagine the faces and comments of a seven-year-old when hearing about this! During this dinner, Olive finds out that the girl she lost to in the regional Little Miss Sunshine pageant has withdrawn from the finals. Now Olive has the chance to take her place and compete for the national title. The result is a road trip to California with the whole family in an old yellow van.<br /><br />There are a variety of complications during the trip and we get so see how the different members of the family react to stress. Once again, the conversations are what drive the interest, and grandpa (Alan Arkin) stands out with his incomparable sarcasm. Arkin's is the best performance of the bunch, but the other members of the cast do not lag far behind. Greg Kinnear and Steve Carell play their roles convincingly, and Paul Dano really shows us how a conflicted teenager behaves. Abigail Breslin deservedly got an Oscar nomination for her performance, and she joins the group of outstanding kids in movies, like Elijah Wood, Macaulay Culkin and Ivana Baquero. If you want to have a good time and laugh for a while there are few options better than this one. Highly recommended!cations during the trip and we get so see how the different members of the family react to stress. Once again, the conversations are what drive the interest, and grandpa (Alan Arkin) stands out with his incomparable sarcasm. Arkin's is the best performance of the bunch, but the other members of the cast do not lag far behind. Greg Kinnear and Steve Carell play their roles convincingly, and Paul Dano really shows us how a conflicted teenager behaves. Abigail Breslin deservedly got an Oscar nomination for her performance, and she joins the group of outstanding kids in movies, like Elijah Wood, Macaulay Culkin and Ivana Baquero. If you want to have a good time and laugh for a while there are few options better than this one. Highly recommended!
1596912855|4.0|Being slighty obsessed with all things Austen, I was eager to read this book.  Overall, it was fun and I thought the plot was different.  The writing was not Austen caliber, and I guess I assumed someone who was writing about Jane Austen would utilize higher skilled writing techniques.  The author likes to state the obvious rather than assume that the reader is smart enough to pick up her intent, or unsure of her writing and wanted to make sure her point was received.  I thought the ending was unrealistic, and a little romance-novelish.  I read the book in the car on a road trip, and it did succeed at making the drive enjoyable.  It also leaves me wondering if such a place exists in the real world. I did pass the book on to a friend so I guess that means I recommend it with a \\"thumbs-up.\\"
0440238609|5.0|A friend recommended these to me as I was waiting for Harry Potter to be released, and I'm glad he did. While completely different from HP, these books are exciting, intricately woven, and expertly story-told...there have been some scenes so far (yes, I call them scenes just because they're so vividly told that I might as well be watching a movie) that I literally could not put the book down and forgot where I was. I haven't had that happen in years.    Bravo, Pullman...bravo.
0807126063|5.0|I first read John Kennedy Toole's A Confederacy of Dunces not too long after its initial publication and I remember being particularly saddened by the fact that such a talented writer had committed suicide even before his first book had been published. I found it incredibly sad that the world had been deprived of such a talent and wondered what might have been. But, despite the fact that the book has been on my shelves for more than two decades, and all my good intentions, I never got around to revisiting the book until the last couple of weeks. What finally got me off center and back into Ignatius J. Riley's world was finding an audio version of the book at my local library.<br /><br />A Confederacy of Dunces centers on Ignatius J. Riley, a 30-year old, over-educated mama's boy who still lives at home and refuses to work for a living, preferring instead to live off of his mother's tiny income. And those are his good points. He was further described in Library Journal as \\"a fat, flatulent, gluttonous, loud, lying, hypocritical, self-deceiving, self-centered blowhard who masturbates to memories of a dog and pretends to profundity when he is only full of beans.\\" All true enough, but the fun begins when Ignatius is suddenly arrested for vagrancy by a suspicious New Orleans policeman desperate to impress his police department superiors.<br /><br />Ignatius soon finds himself half-heartedly looking for gainful employment in order to help pay the damages caused when Irene, his often-tipsy mother backed into the wall of a downtown New Orleans business. Eventually Ignatius manages to find work at two different businesses desperate enough to hire even someone like him. Levy Pants and Paradise Vendors, Inc. would never be the same after Riley's few weeks as a Levy Pants file clerk and a Paradise Vendors \\"weenie vendor.\\"<br /><br />Along the way, we meet a cast of New Orleans characters who, for one reason or another, forever have their lives changed by coming into contact with Mr. Riley: Patrolman Mancuso who so desperately wants to arrest someone, anyone, in order to get back in uniform; Miss Trixie, near 80-years old and wondering why in the world she's not allowed to retire from Levy Pants; Darlene, the stripper who's highest ambition is to work on stage with her pet bird; Miss Lee, Darlene's employer, who has a nice little dirty picture business going on the side; Dorian Greene, a blatantly gay man who hosts a disastrous party for his friends with Ignatius as the main attraction; Gomez, the pathetic office manager at Levy Pants; Mr. Levy, inheritor and hater of the family business; Myrna, the northerner \\"girlfriend\\" whom Ignatius loves to hate; and Jones the old black man coerced by Miss Lee to work at the strip club at way less than minimum wage and who gained his ultimate revenge.<br /><br />It took me a while to warm up to Ignatius J. Riley because, obviously, the man doesn't have a whole lot going for him. I actively disliked him at first but he was so intriguing a character that I kept turning pages until I came to realize that my disgust for the man had turned into a strange hope that he would somehow manage to prevail in his attempts to remain a \\"free agent\\" in the world, someone above life's everyday troubles. By the end of the novel I even found myself liking the man despite his skills at so selfishly manipulating everyone around him.<br /><br />The audio version of A Confederacy of Dunces is read by Barrett Whitener who adds much to the book's characters by supplying them with the various ethnic accents required to fully bring them to life. In particular, Mr. Whitener made me laugh just about any time that he bellowed \\"Oh my god\\" in Riley's voice because I knew that another Ignatius J. Riley rant was on the way.<br /><br />John Kennedy Toole was awarded a Pulitzer Prize for A Confederacy of Dunces when it was finally published. What a shame that he was gone too soon to see it.ancuso who so desperately wants to arrest someone, anyone, in order to get back in uniform; Miss Trixie, near 80-years old and wondering why in the world she's not allowed to retire from Levy Pants; Darlene, the stripper who's highest ambition is to work on stage with her pet bird; Miss Lee, Darlene's employer, who has a nice little dirty picture business going on the side; Dorian Greene, a blatantly gay man who hosts a disastrous party for his friends with Ignatius as the main attraction; Gomez, the pathetic office manager at Levy Pants; Mr. Levy, inheritor and hater of the family business; Myrna, the northerner \\"girlfriend\\" whom Ignatius loves to hate; and Jones the old black man coerced by Miss Lee to work at the strip club at way less than minimum wage and who gained his ultimate revenge.    It took me a while to warm up to Ignatius J. Riley because, obviously, the man doesn't have a whole lot going for him. I actively disliked him at first but he was so intriguing a character that I kept turning pages until I came to realize that my disgust for the man had turned into a strange hope that he would somehow manage to prevail in his attempts to remain a \\"free agent\\" in the world, someone above life's everyday troubles. By the end of the novel I even found myself liking the man despite his skills at so selfishly manipulating everyone around him.    The audio version of A Confederacy of Dunces is read by Barrett Whitener who adds much to the book's characters by supplying them with the various ethnic accents required to fully bring them to life. In particular, Mr. Whitener made me laugh just about any time that he bellowed \\"Oh my god\\" in Riley's voice because I knew that another Ignatius J. Riley rant was on the way.    John Kennedy Toole was awarded a Pulitzer Prize for A Confederacy of Dunces when it was finally published. What a shame that he was gone too soon to see it.
6300182266|5.0|It's a fun si-fi flick to annoy the kids on movie night with, and lets us rember the good days of tv, and starbuck!
B000MRA5EM|5.0|I decided to purchase this film on DVD since I caught it on sale.  The video is very good when up-converted to 1080i.<br /><br />As all of my gear is HD, I've never watched it below 1080i and cannot speak to that, but I suspect many of the low ratings are due to watching this title on standard or enhanced def machines (nothing really looks good on those anyway).<br /><br />In short this title has beautiful visuals, the commentary is much like the commentary on almost all titles in this genre, but the audio is fantastic, it's only Dolby Digital 5.1 (not Dolby TrueHD or Lossless PCM) but it is astounding!<br /><br />I truly did not expect that good of audio from standard Dolby 5.1, it was refreshing...<br /><br />The main attraction runs 41 minutes, perfect for those times when you don't have a 2 hour window to watch a movie.  Also included is a Theatrical Trailer.<br /><br />I would recommend to anyone who likes this genre.
B000G2YD3C|5.0|For me this is the best prog rock debut album in ten years. I can only think of the Flower Kings debut in the same league. This band deserves to make it big in at least the prog rock circles. The album flows from beginning to end. I continually keep hitting the replay button for two songs in particular. Bullitts Dominae and Arrival/Intention Craft. This album and Porcupine Trees latest one \\"Fear of a Black Planet\\" are just utterly outstanding. They stand like monoliths compared to all the putrid rancid garbage being produced in America. I don't usually anticipate follow up albums from anybody but I am itching really bad to hear what they come up with next. I need more of that Pure Reason Revolution.
0140544518|5.0|Poor Big Bad Wolf - he always gets a bad rap.  But now he is here telling his side of the story.  According to him, it's all about a sneeze and a cup of sugar.  Once again, Smith's illustrations are highly amusing, as is the story of a misunderstood wolf who happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time (Riiiiiiiight).  I love how the story has been jazzed up with phrases such as - \\"Can you believe it?  I mean, who in his right mind would build a house of straw?\\" (as said by the wolf).  This book really is short and sweet and hopefully it will make readers think about whose side of the story is correct.
B000FVQM2Y|1.0|The whole things about this movie seems did as a movies student. The script, the directing, the acting, the music, the timing, the tricks...all seems a students homework or project to pass some test in a movie college.  If were my sons first movie perhaps Ill love it, but is not.
0783231202|4.0|I believe the movie is a balance between known facts about the Amistad affair and Hollywood's need to sell movies (I.e. A Beautiful Mind, The Hurricane, etc).  There are many well done aspects of this film that I believe warrant its viewing and of course any well done docu-DRAMA should arouse the viewer's interest for further research.  Speilburg is to be applauded for taking the very difficult subject, Slave Trade in the Americas ......and presenting known facts about this particular incident to varied audiences around the globe....no matter how uncomfortable for the audiences. Isn't that what well done films are supposed to do??
B000001ZS3|5.0|This album is, I think, an entirely synthesiser based recording. However, the variety of sounds emanating from the synthesiser more than make up for the lone instrument. I can't remember when I first heard music from this alum. Perhaps I heard some tracks before Peter Weir released him famous Australian World War I movie \\"Gallipoli\\" [based on an historical event that is used and abused to define Australia as a nation]. Some of the noises the synthesiser creates makes me think of war time noises, so perhaps that is why director Peter Weir used the track Oxygene II from this album, or my viewing of the movie influences how I interpret sounds in the cd.       Before I begin discussing the tracks on this cd, I'll just let it be said that the album cover art is one of music's best-right up there with Midnight Oil's album \\"Red sails in the sunset\\" [reviewed here by me].       Now, to the music. There are six tracks on this album, ranging from under three minutes long to over ten minutes long. Each track is called \\"Oxygene\\", followed by a Roman numeral from 1 to 6.       Oxygene I sort of sounds like a prelude to something. It's slow and delicate in nature, with some bits sort of sounding like a vessel being repeatedly filled with liquid. If you've ever seen those novelty performance tv shows, some sounds are akin to that old tv faithful of a saw being played like a violin-a mournful sound. A sound like a glockenspiel [or whatever it is called] is also apparent, when a heavier soundscape comes into play, perhaps presaging the classic Oxygene II.        One thing that surprises me is the delineation of the tracks-the LCD display on your cd will separate the tracks one way, and the album cover has slight variations on track length. To me, in some cases, both definitions are wrong-as I have certain tracks starting sooner than either the cd or the cover have them starting.        That being said, pretty much all of the tracks \\"bleed\\" into eachother. Around the time that the first track has \\"watery\\" sounds, there are also sounds which make me think of shells whistling over your head [as in wartime]. Another thing that surprised me was the feeling of joy I felt once I felt that the prelude to Oxygene II was beginning in the first track-I had a sort of Meg Ryan in the restaurant scene experience in the movie \\"When Harry met Sally\\". Don't know what that was all about-I just felt really happy listening to this bit. I hadn't heard this album for ages, until I relistened to it last night, purely to review it for here.       The second track, Oxygene II, has a terrific melody and vitality to it. The synthesiser plays the main melody in a high pitch. It races along at a fast pace, making me think of machine guns...or a rapid heartbeat...or galloping horse! Further into the track the melody changes sound and becomes more haunting. The music sounds alien and then it becomes very desolate-like the sound of a fierce wind lashing sand at you.       Track 3- has a more creepy sound...gothic, perhaps, or regal. A very low-down sound, with the reappearance of the sound like a saw being played like a violin. The tracks starts to \\"bleed\\" into Oxygene IV with the sound of birds...seagulls, perhaps.        Oxygene IV-the second classic from this album. Again, you hear the sound of wind, there is a really cool, low-down rhythym, with a very nice, melodic riff over the top of that. The song bleeds into the next track with some more 'watery' sounds, or 'stoner' sounds, depending on your view.       Oxygene V-continues bleeding from the previous track then becomes more like a church organ...solemn. It then becomes heavier in tone, not unlike parts of the third track on this album.         Might have mucked up in my note taken, as I'm not sure what part of the following refers to track 5, and when I start to comment on track 6:       There is a change of vibe-the riff becomes insistent, suggestive of either track 2 or perhaps 4. There are some nice uses of stereo 'widgy widgy' effects [i.e. if you are wearing headphones, the sounds migrate to one side of your headphones to the other, etc.].       There are more 'desolate' noises, like windswept sand, plaintive seagulls etc. Perhaps some noises can be likened to the Earth 'breathing' or perhaps it is more like the sound of waves rolling in and out of a beach.      Towards the end, you hear some Latin American sounds from the synthesiser-like maraccas, perhaps.       In conclusion, this is a terrific album-tracks 2 and 4 are pop classics, and the rest is what I would call very good 'hot bath' music!       Check out the movie \\"Gallipoli\\" to see and hear how well Oxygene II works to create tension in this movie.       If you like this kind of music, I have reviewed or recommend the following albums:    Cocteau Twins-Blue Bell Knoll [synth music with lyrics, not in English]    Air-Moon Safari [synth music with English language lyrics]    Patti Smith-Horses ['arty' music with poetic lyrics]    Midnight Oil-Bird Noises [an EP with a terrific instrumental \\"Weddingcake Island\\". Has a \\"The Shadows\\" type vibe to it].    Gary Numan [don't have anything of his, but I must get a hits cd one day-he was a British pop singer who made some terrific synthesiser based songs].    Just by the by, some heavy metal acts dabble in instrumentals or trippy type music, e.g. Black Sabbath's very nice and trippy track \\"Planet caravan\\" and Metallica's cool rhythym based instrumental \\"Orion\\".
0395631246|5.0|Reviewing a book 15 years after its publication might seem a bit pointless. But that depends on the book. In this case, we're talking about a book that has near cult status in the business community.    Over the past 15 years, this book has been referred to and revered in thousands--if not millions--of articles, seminars, college course, and training programs. In fact, as of the date of this review over 100 published books cite Getting to Yes.    If you're in business and haven't read this book, you are operating with less than full power. But the book has value well beyond the business world. If you've ever had a disagreement end in a way that left you or the other party feeling cheated or manipulated, that ending probably came about because you were either bargaining about position or confusing the people with the problem. Either strategy guarantees at least one loser. Unfortunately, most disagreements follow one or both of these losing strategies.    With discipline and practice, you can apply the knowledge in this book so that you:    * Preserve relationships without giving in (go along to get along).   * Can satisfy the interests of both parties.   * Ensure both parties are motivated to uphold their end of the bargain.   * Feel good about the agreement reached and the people who reached it.     The strategies have nothing to do with tricking other people or playing games. The strategies have everything to do with respecting other people and refusing to play games.    In the publishing world, \\"thud factor\\" is a major consideration. Many readers expect filler, in the form of anecdotes and stories (as if they want the author to assume they are too daft to understand assertions made directly in plain English). Getting to Yes is 200 pages long, with the last 50 pages or so being basically a review and a \\"Cliff Notes\\" of the first 150. So, you have the book followed by a summary of the book. What you don't have is 150 pages stretched to 300 pages with stories that abusy executive would rather skip.    The concise writing is a huge plus to many people, but some reviewers see it as a minus. So, you may also read reviews saying that other books are \\"better\\" because they are thicker.    I have two proposed solutions to that:    1. Read the first 150 pages of Getting to Yes twice. This will equal 300 pages.   2. Read the book, then practice it. Take 150 pages of notes regarding your experiences. You now have the stories and filler you wanted.     The authors wrote this book not to entertain, but to educate. It gets to the point. There is no obfuscation, meandering, or distraction. That same communication style is required in a negotiation. The occasional anecdote may be helpful, but to lead a negotiation to a successful conclusion you must focus on the real issues. That is what this book does. And that's why it's a classic in the classroom and in the boardroom, and in executive suites and staterooms throughout the world.    Be sure to read Getting Past No and The Power of a Positive No, as well.
B0009AM5I6|2.0|Please buy the Netrebko's Traviata and after we'll see who is Violetta. In this ROH production Sir Georg Solti and the orchestra are the only important issue. The singers,including sets and costumes contributes to make this Traviata a common one. Gheorghiu always looks and acts nervous and not relaxed at all, the same as in her Elisir with Alagna. The rest of the cast are acceptable in their singing and acting but only that.  The stars are for Sir Georg Solti.    IF YOU HAVE TO CHOOSE A TRAVIATA TO BUY, THIS IS NOT THE ONE AT ALL. NOT EVEN FREE
B00005JPLW|5.0|The 2006 historical action/drama film \\"300\\", directed by Zack Snyder, is based upon an 88-page graphic novel of the same name written by Frank Miller and Lynn Varley that was released in 1999 by Dark Horse.  The story is based upon an actual historical battle that occurred in 480 B.C.E. when massive forces of the Persian Empire under King Xerxes I (played by Rodrigo Santoro) attempted to conquer Greece, but an alliance of Greek city-states, including Sparta, fought the invading forces.  The book \\"300\\" and the film focused on one particular battle of the war: the Battle of Thermopylae, which was a very heroic last-stand battle between 300 highly-trained Spartan warriors accompanied by 700 Thespian volunteers against hundreds of thousands of Persian soldiers.  The vastly outnumbered Greeks, under the leadership of King Leonidas of Sparta (played by Gerard Butler), managed to hold back the overwhelming Persian forces for three days by fighting them in a narrow corridor situated between a high cliff and the Aegean Sea, having better armor and superior fighting skills.    With amazing computer-generated special effects, wonderful acting, a great dialog & plot, as well as very engaging characters, \\"300\\" is an amazing, albeit violent, film.  To preserver the look and feel of the original graphic novel, practically the entire film was shot against blue-screen to precisely recreate the original artwork.  Hence, colors tend to lean towards the red & green with very little blue.  Also, some highly imaginative creatures were created to add a bit of mythology to the film.  Some of what was shown as far as what the Greeks & Persians had for clothing, weaponry & defensive shields was accurate (especially the wicker-shields used by the Persians); but the rest of the Persians' attire was highly stylized for the film.    Superb performances were done by Gerard Butler (as King Leonidas), Lena Headey (as Queen Gorgo), Dominic West (as Theron), David Wenham (as Dilios), Vincent Regan (as the Captain) and Rodrigo Santoro (as Xerxes), as well as Eli Snyder and Tyler Max Neitzel who each played Leonidas when he was a boy in training.  Overall, my rating for the 2006 film \\"300\\" is 5 out of 5 stars and is highly recommended.
B000E6UK5K|4.0|The Pink Floyd veteran gives a fun and eclectic album to fans with \\"On an Island\\"; a song listing that is a mix of wry vocals and a blues/folk atmosphere.  Gilmour kind of hit a dud with his solo album that released over 20 years ago, so it was nice to see him rebound all this time later with a hit like this.  I think whether you like Pink Floyd or just artistic styles of music in general, you could not go wrong by purchasing this one.  Hopefully this is not the last we have heard from David Gilmour, I would really like to see him follow up with another studio release sometime in the near future.
0374105235|5.0|This was a very wonderful book to read...At times it was very shocking to actually read that people would actually do this to their own people. Very, very good book.
B000QXDEDG|2.0|I guess the only people who should see (and judge) this film are those who have read the comic book (which I haven't) and/or who are fans of the genre (I'm not particularly). As a comic book brought to life, I can appreciate how cleverly it's done - the way the action is sometimes slowed down, so that one gets the impression of succeeding frames in a comic book, and the whole stylised method of presentation. However, for me, this novel approach only works up to a point, and then it becomes a bit silly and over-the-top. The theatrics are, shall we say, somewhat too theatrical. And did we really need rhinos, elephants, monsters, Immortals as Ninjas and a Xerxes eight feet tall? Is this not, er, slightly weird?<br /><br />Moreover, as a history lover, I am put off by the many inaccuracies. The Spartans did not fight in their red cloaks and, like all Greek hoplites (heavy infantry) they wore body armour. This may not look as appealing as protruding abs, but it ensured their survivability on the battlefield against the Persians with their wicker shields and lack of armour. Yes, I realise that it's not meant to be historically accurate, but that's just my way of looking at things. In addition, it's amusing to see great of gouts of blood flying as the Spartans strike home, yet, when the afflicted Persian spins, there is no sign of a commensurate wound.<br /><br />So, great for comic book fans, who can accept the format, not so good for others.
B000J3EEBY|3.0|I was really hoping for more of the middle eastern essence of \\"The book of Secrets\\".  #5 is good and makes me want to move and drum, which is what I was looking for.  The other songs are beautiful, crooning ballads, and good for that mood.  What can I say?  I don't think Loreena McKennitt could do anything except enchanting mesmerism.  When will her next be out?
B0000AI45P|5.0|This album is moving. It reaches the soul.  Marquee Moon rocks and soothes at the same time.  The perfect background music while sitting around a fire or contemplating the cosmos with your buddies.  It lifts you up and the grooves elevate you to a plane of existence that you want and desire to be in.  The sound of the dual guitars amaze and relax you at the same time.  From the opening lyrics of \\"See No Evil\\" to \\"Torn Curtain\\".  The interplay of the guitars of Verlaine and Lloyd are amazing.  The musicianship is better than anything out there today even though this comes from 30 years ago.  Add in the confounding, wonderful, and definitely punk lyrics of Verlaine and you get a perfect album that simply cannot be improved upon. If you do not own this you do simply do not know good music.  Owning over 2000 albums, cds, tapes, and computer files, I cannot stress how important this album is.  Get it now.  You will not be disappointed.  The more you listen to it the more you want to hear it.  I guarantee it.
0307341550|4.0|I don't have to find all my book characters likeable though I did like the main character of this story.  I also enjoyed the portrait of a small home town's dark side which I personally didn't find to be too much of a stretch.  However, most of the other characters were too \\"flat\\" for lack of a better word.  I believe that I read somewhere that the author found inspiration in fairytales but while these types of characters work in a fairytale they just seemed not quite right in the book.  Not that I wanted them to be less evil; I completely enjoyed that aspect.  My major problem with this book was that I figured out the plot (including what happened to the teeth) very early on.  More focus on other possible suspects would have increased the suspense.  I also didn't feel that creepy forboding nail biting suspense that makes this type of book so fun.  I never really felt like the main character was in danger.  I'm not sure if this was in part due to the fact that the main character didn't seem to care what happened to herself very much, or simply because the author didn't put her in harm's way enough while creating the feeling that something unknown but horrible was about to happen.  I did enjoy and was startled at how the \\"romance\\" of the story turned out.  It was, in my opinion, a welcome change from most mystery books with a romance. Even though the book had some flaws it felt fresh compared to a lot of other mystery/suspense books so I will likely read anything more Flynn publishes.  However, I do feel that the amount of praise for this book is a bit excessive.
0743289684|5.0|Ayaan Hirsi Ali has an interesting life story to tell and she does it very well.  No holds barred and the gloves are off.  She grabs you from the first lines describing the murder of Theo Van Gogh and carries the story through the entire book with skill and interest.  I couldn't put the book down.<br /><br />You learn of the Somali culture of her parents and grand parents, the twisting path of her parents' lives, the hardships she endured in Somalia, Ethiopia, Kenya, Saudi Arabia, her \\"circumcision,\\" her flight from her mother's beatings and a culture that held her supine, the pressure exerted on her to bow to the will of:  culture, clan, family, father, Allah.  The hardships of life did not get her down.  Instead, they caused her to rise above them and make a life of her choice.  (As she noted:  How many girls born in November 1969 at the Digfeer Hospital in Mogadishu are even still living?)  Her story of her rejection of Islam (for which she is liable for the death penalty amongst strict Muslims (read true-believing Muslims)) and all religion is fascinating and goes right along with her education.  For a woman, a life of her choice is not part of Islam, which means simply submission.<br /><br />From beaten, submissive child, given like livestock to a husband she's never met to a well-educated member of parliament of a western nation and part of a policy \\"think-tank\\" in a few short years.  She's amazing and the narrative is worthy of the life.  Great read.
B000LE1GVW|5.0|This is one of those CD's you can listen to over and over and over and not get tired of.  Every song is fantastic - the slow ones and especially the toe-tappers -  Love \\"New Shoes\\"!  I dare you to sit still!  I hope the world gets to know Paolo and that he'll be around a LONG time!
B000003N89|5.0|This is Diana Krall at her best, shifting easily and seamlessly from ballad to up-tempo rhythms, capturing every mood that a good jazz singer should be capable of evoking. There is not a bad song on this album. This is what jazz is all about. I'm glad I had the common sense to catch Diana Krall perform live from this album in a small intimate jazz club setting before she became a household name. Start with her later, lush, sometimes overwrought and overproduced orchestrations with strings, if you must, but then come back to this to capture the essence of a superb jazz artist with two wonderful instruments.
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|The video quality in this movie is amazing.  (I can't attest to the audio quality as I am not an audiofile, and I do not have a system capable of taking advantage of cutting edge audio.)    Above and beyond the enjoyment of the film and the high level of quality of the transfer is the extremely enjoyable extra features, including the ability to watch the unedited (blue/green screen recorded original) movie with picture-in-picture while watching the final product with director commentary.  I'm usually not one to enjoy extra features too much, but this disk is filled to the brim with great extra and bonuses.    I was highly, highly impressed, and this will be my new \\"go-to disk\\" when showing off some of the extra features of HD DVD.  I wish every HD DVD I purchased had this much bang for the buck.
0765316978|5.0|I'll keep this short. If you've already read your way through the first two books, you would be insane not to polish off the trilogy by reading \\"The Last Colony\\". The book actually moves quickly, but not as quickly as you will end up reading it. And then wishing you had taken more time.    Alas, now I wish I could read more stories in the \\"Old Man's War\\" universe, but.. we may have to wait a long time.
0689861141|4.0|Sandra Boynton is amazing! I have been reading these books to my daughter since she was born. I have yet to find a Boynton book that we both don't love. We both enjoy this title as it helped my family set up our own bedtime ritual. Melodic in phrase and pictures that really helped keep interest. My daughter just turned 4 and can recite most of these books to us with a great big smile on her face. Definitely worth making part of any little person's collection.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I LOVE the series!  I can't say enough good about it.  However, I am a little disappointed that I paid extra money to get the Blu-Ray version, only to not get the supplemental footage that is offered on the less-expensive lower-quality version.  This doesn't make sense to me.  Don't let this get in the way of enjoying this incredible series.  It's incredible at this resolution.
0060254920|5.0|How can anyone not LOVE this book? This is one of my daughters favorites. She enjoys the transformation of Max's room (especially because her room is painted with trees) and that he goes on his travels without his parents. She loves that Max gets to be King of the Wild Things and tame them even though they are much bigger than he is. We have named each of the creatures and made up a song especially for The Wild Rumpus. This book really inspires imagination!
B000LB7G00|3.0|I confess, I'm a bit of a Luddite.  However, the product promised ease of use for beginners to experts, and so I gave it a shot.  I am using Windows XP, and followed the instructions for the installation.  I will say, it *was* easy to install, and the tutorial was easy to follow.  The demos, however, were a different story.  It was easy to move things, but not to move this precisely, or purposefully.  For example, the cube.  Six-sided, different colour on each side.  It was easy to make the cube fade into the back ground, spinning slowly.  However, trying to make the cube come back to the foreground was practically impossible.  It drifted from side to side and took forever to even get close.  Trying to get it to face a specific colour forward was something I eventually gave up on.    I use Google Earth quite often and was curious to see how it would perform.  It wasn't difficult, per se, but a lot of the motions were counter-intuitive.  It was slow moving, and hard to turn.  I eventually found it easier to just use the mouse.      It is entirely possible that the Navigator would be of more use in a CAD type program, but I just didn't have much use for it in Google Earth.
0684857219|5.0|My brother used to be overweight.  He had always admired Arnold and purchased this book (original release) in 1995.  He followed Arnold's advice on nutrition and followed his advice on lifting.  Not only has he kept the weight off since then, he has helped many friends by advising on programs tailored for their body type and lifestyle.  He works out faithfully every night, is a 43 year old father of two, and looks better than any twenty something guy we know.  If he has to miss a night of working out, he feels awful.  Anyone can do it!  You can buy a minimal amount of plates, etc. and an inexpensive bench to start out with.  If you truly want to shape up and be healthier, lose fat, add mass, whatever your needs are, you should take advice from one of the most dedicated bodybuilders ever.  Arnold is the man!
0439813786|5.0|I will just be reiterating what has already been said in many reviews if I try to summarize the charm and brilliance of this book. I read the book in two hours, put it down and immediately went to my computer, came to this page and ordered the book for both my best friend and my sister. It's an amazingly good read- funny, sweet, moving and informative all at once. Beautiful to look at and ponder. And the side binding on the cover of the hardback looks pretty cool on the bookshelf too. This book has a life of its own and that's all one can really ask from a book.
B000PTYUQG|5.0|I began listening to the works of Igor Stravinsky about 53 years ago, when I was 13.  Over my lifetime I've listened to every work ever recorded and each in as many versions as possible.  A highlight of my life was singing the Symphony of Psalms as a member of the Oberlin College Choir under Stravinsky's direction in 1963.  It was half an hour outside of time and space.  I remember him in his tuxedo, sitting on a stool with a white turkish towel about his shoulders, like a prize fighter, smiling at each of us as we passed by to take our places on the stage.  I remember how everyone in the concert hall rose as one person when he set foot on the stage.  I remember the total silence that fell upon the hall before the music began.  I remember him, old and rather hunched over, raising his arthritic hands to lead us, to lead us ... and then suddenly a torrent of time and sound rushed in; it was over and there was clapping and shouting and crying.  Later he said to our conductor, Robert Fountain, \\"Your chorus makes a most delicious sound.\\"<br /><br />And now SONY has issued this giant bargain box of the great majority of the recorded performances to which that mega-corporation now has access - and at an amazingly low price.  Thank you, SONY/BMG!  But also:  shame on you, SONY/BMG!  The annotation is terribly inadequate, even for a bargain box.  The casual listener doesn't have necessary information; the serious listener doesn't have important information; and the musician / scholar who knows the scores by heart hears what the annotations do not tell.  Which version of the Firebird is it?  The 1910 original or the 1945 revision?  We are told much later that the suite excerpted from the ballet is the 1919 version.  We read that Petrouchka is done in the original 1911 version, but actually it is the 1947 version.  Stravinsky  recorded the 1911 version earlier, in mono, with the New York Philharmonic. The same disc contains the Rite of Spring without indication of which version, the original of 1913 or the 1947 scaled down revision.  And so on and on.  This is vital information that it would have taken an editor but a few hours to add to the skimpy booklet included in the big box.<br /><br />There is no indication that any of the performances that first appeared on CD as early as 1986 or so have been remastered.  All have of course been transferred from some analogue master at some time or another, but nowhere do we find the standard information telling us whether a recording is AAD or ADD. To my ears the recordings sound the same as the original CD releases in the mid to late 1980s or the \\"original cover\\" release about 1991 (the most recent (P) date to appear anywhere in the present box). The sound varies from recording to recording in matters of bass resonance or harshness in the higher ranges, especially in the strings.<br /><br />Particularly disappointing in this 22 CD collection is the use yet again of the 1961 stereo recording of Oedipus Rex.  The sound is raw, the soloists strain their voices, the chorus sounds small and over-miked, and the orchestral sound is muddy.  Altogether preferable as a greater performance and a far better recording is the 1951 Oedipus Rex with Stravinsky conducting the Cologne Radio Symphony Orchestra and Chorus.  The superb soloists include Peter Pears, Martha Moedl and Heinz Rehfuss, the chorus sings spot on pitch and tempo and is clearly but not too closely miked, and the orhcestral sound is rich and detailed.  Moreover, Stravinsky brings greater energy and nuance to his conducting. The narration is given a somewhat over the top presentation in French by Jean Cocteau.  Perhaps because it is a monophonic recording, SONY has let it sit in the vaults, to the best of my knowledge never reissuing it on CD. This is true as well of other fine monophonic recordings from the 1950s, including great performances in fine sound with Stravinsky conducting the Cleveland Orchestra. In some cases these would have beenmusically preferable to the later stereo remakes.  They might even have been included alongside of the remakes for purposes of comparison.<br /><br />Although ballet suites are included in addition to complete ballets, the variant orchestrations of a major work such as Les Noces are not included (as they were on the LP, under Craft's direction).  This gift horse is a fine thoroughbred and a grand prize winner, but when you look it in the mouth, some of the teeth are missing.<br /><br />Every performance is a revelation and worth repeated listening, but as I have indicated, that doesn't mean that every or any performance is the best or even one of the best of the recorded versions available.  As other reviewers have noted, it is well to explore other versions on CD and DVD, some more recent and some recorded even earlier than those in this box. I think of conductors such as Tilson Thomas, Salonen, Gergiev, Gardiner, Colin Davis, Kondrashin, Haitink, Boulez, Markevitch, Monteux, Koussevitzky, and Van Beinum, and I am sure readers will think of others.  But works of genius require many interpretations and many performances to reveal the fullness of their beauty, and so it is with most of Stravinsky's compositions.<br /><br />Stravinsky left us what is surely one of the greatest musical legacies of the 20th century; some would argue the greatest, because his compositions track the stylistic developments of the century from its beginning to 1966 and explore nearly the complete range of known musical forms.  Indeed, he absorbed the entire course of western music history into his art, but whether he is paying homage to Machaut, Gabrieli, Monteverdi, Bach, Mozart, Verdi, Tchaikovsky, Russian folk songs, Louis Armstrong, Schoenberg or Webern, his works always sound like Stravinsky.<br /><br />For goodness' sake:  buy the box, listen, and let the music make you new again.musically preferable to the later stereo remakes.  They might even have been included alongside of the remakes for purposes of comparison.<br /><br />Although ballet suites are included in addition to complete ballets, the variant orchestrations of a major work such as Les Noces are not included (as they were on the LP, under Craft's direction).  This gift horse is a fine thoroughbred and a grand prize winner, but when you look it in the mouth, some of the teeth are missing.<br /><br />Every performance is a revelation and worth repeated listening, but as I have indicated, that doesn't mean that every or any performance is the best or even one of the best of the recorded versions available.  As other reviewers have noted, it is well to explore other versions on CD and DVD, some more recent and some recorded even earlier than those in this box. I think of conductors such as Tilson Thomas, Salonen, Gergiev, Gardiner, Colin Davis, Kondrashin, Haitink, Boulez, Markevitch, Monteux, Koussevitzky, and Van Beinum, and I am sure readers will think of others.  But works of genius require many interpretations and many performances to reveal the fullness of their beauty, and so it is with most of Stravinsky's compositions.<br /><br />Stravinsky left us what is surely one of the greatest musical legacies of the 20th century; some would argue the greatest, because his compositions track the stylistic developments of the century from its beginning to 1966 and explore nearly the complete range of known musical forms.  Indeed, he absorbed the entire course of western music history into his art, but whether he is paying homage to Machaut, Gabrieli, Monteverdi, Bach, Mozart, Verdi, Tchaikovsky, Russian folk songs, Louis Armstrong, Schoenberg or Webern, his works always sound like Stravinsky.<br /><br />For goodness' sake:  buy the box, listen, and let the music make you new again.
B000R7HY0K|1.0|I never saw the movie in the theaters, and really looked forward to the back-to-back \\"proper\\" viewing (with fake trailers in all the right places).  So I'm not shelling out more money for two versions when the whole NOVELTY of this project was ONE DOUBLE-FEATURE.  It's such a blatant f-you to the fans of this movie that we as fans have to choice but to give them the same treatment in return.  Anybody who reads this, I urge you to stand by the boycott of this release.
0156027321|4.0|My neighbor gave me this book to read. She thought the story was just incredible. The author is new to me, but I am always willing to try another writer be they well established or up and coming authors. Many times I am grateful that I have done this. In this story \\"Life of Pi\\" I didn't know what to expect, but when I finished reading the book I thought it was an amazing story.  Yann Martel's prose is highly effective and a joy to read.  If there ever was a literary example of giving the reader an insight into the human mind then Life of Pi does it.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|Everybody who loved \\"Firefly\\" already has this, so the only reason to double dip is for a better, remastered or hi-def image, or new extras. My question is if the fan documentary listed as an extra here at 21 minutes is just a trimmed down version of the already-released fan documentary \\"Done the Impossible,\\" which ran something like 90 minutes (and I haven't seen)? And if so, why not include the whole documentary? Could they not license the whole thing? Can somebody answer this question? And whether that's the only worthy new extra (in which case, you might as well save the double dip and just pic up the other doc).
B000CNE164|4.0|I think the reviewers who are criticizing the short length of this CD are missing the point slightly. I know there are lots and lots of compilations of Nina Simone's work but this is NOT one of them. It is a reissue of her original 1967 album. If you want to hear passionate, raw and powerful blues songs in their original context as meant by Ms. Simone, this album is for you. If you are new to her and want to have the most bang for your buck (and who doesn't?), by all means skip this one and choose one of those many compilations.
0143038419|5.0|This was an amazing book. It was just what I needed to read. I am struggling myself about where the world should take me. Life is way to short and there is so much to see. I loved her writing style. I found myself laughing out loud at times and thinking about my own struggles with meditation. Great book, fast read. I want to meet all the people she met along her trip and ask them so many questions.
0345337581|4.0|Like a lot of these books and courses, you need to do the tasks they suggest to improve. No point reading how and not persisting. This book outlines tasks, explains the progression clearly, and doesn't get trapped with jargon. If you've bothered to look at the book be bothered to do the homework and you'll improve.
B000N4SHOE|5.0|I loved this film.  I initially borrowed the DVD and loved it so much I purchased it.  I've also read the biography, \\"Beatrix Potter A Life in Nature\\" by Linda Lear, which I suppose this movie was based.  Although I also gave the book a 5-star rating, I found the book to be a much more somber account of Beatrix Potter's life than this film portrays.  This movie, on the other hand, is a light-hearted period romance that I think any woman would enjoy.  My only disappointment is that I thought it ended rather abruptly, but I suppose there would've been no point in dragging Potter's life out the the very end -- it would've bored the audience and destroyed the light-hearted tone of the film.
B000NDIAWY|5.0|Not since Janis Joplin have heard a songstress meld lyrics and voice that made the hair to the base of my spine stand on end. God's diaphanous but adamantine angel. I am so very happy I discovered this woman!!!
1400034205|5.0|Like the sharp blade of a razor this book cut right through me giving me a new perspective on a great many things<br /><br />The book is written like an authors recollection of events that happened after WW1. The story line is not a crazy action packed adventure but insted a slow one. This book is not to be read by a little kid as in order to fully grasp it requires much concentration one must interpret every word. The adjectives in this book are amazing They make it as if you're watching a painter paint the scene delicicatly in front of your very eyes concentrating on evey intracate detail. Suddenly you are looking at a rock formation and you see the great blue ocean in the background and you watch as the waves crash upon the shore.<br /><br />I reccomend this book to anyone with a fuctioning brain and a decent attention span. Five stars out of five a must read
B00000GAIW|4.0|What is wrong with \\"this version\\" of the CD? People give \\"this version\\" one stars, and the original CD/vinyl version four and five stars. Why? What is wrong with this later version's remastering?   There are also a few unfavorable reviews about the remastering of \\"Thick as a Brick\\" and \\"A Passion Play.\\" Why is this? What the problems with the remastered sound on these reissues?  Please help.  Thanks.
0316067598|5.0|It's a heartbreaking story of lives lost fighting for their country. A story of brave men, each one deserves to be remembered as a real hero. I believe this book will do just that.  It will haunt you.
B00008G9JM|4.0|What is wrong with \\"this version\\" of the CD? People give \\"this version\\" one stars, and the original CD/vinyl version four and five stars. Why? What is wrong with this later version's remastering?   There are also a few unfavorable reviews about the remastering of \\"Thick as a Brick\\" and \\"Aqualung.\\" Why is this? What the problems with the remastered sound on these reissueus?  Please help.  Thanks.
1596002433|5.0|As I travel in my car, I find myself listening to the Godfather on this Audio CD version constantly.  I've probably listened to the entire collection nearly a dozen times.    The reading is very good as are the inflections and accents used.  Some of the voice actors are used several times (they change their voices).  But unless you've listened to this production more times than you'd admit, you won't notice.    This set is 12 CDs and, if you are a big fan of the Godfather series, you owe it to yourself to get this.  You can literally see the actors in the Godfather series in your head while you listen.    I will say...after listening to the book read UNABRIDGED so many times, it has spoiled me on the original movie.  Many things were left out or abridged in the movie...while, while a classic, I enjoy this audio CD more.    Worth every penny in my opinion...and I think that most audio cds are overpriced:!
B00006JKON|4.0|What is wrong with the remastered versions of some of the Tull titles? People give the remastered versions one stars, and the original CD/vinyl version four and five stars. Why? What is wrong with the remastering on some of these reissues, like \\"Aqualung\\" and \\"Thick As A Brick\\"?  There are also a few unfavorable reviews about the remastering of \\"A Passion Play.\\" Why is this? What the problems with the remastered sound on these reissues?   Please help.   Thanks.
B0006GAOCW|5.0|There have been MANY  REAL First Daughters, but in the reviews noone mentions that this might film might actually be based on a REAL LOVE story in the Gerald Ford White House. His daughter, Susan Ford, married her Secret Service agent, I believe. The audience might not even know there WAS a President called \\"Gerald Ford\\"!   So I enjoyed it cause it reminded me of the REAL press at the time that  a REAL \\"Love Story\\" actually happened in the White House. Didn't see \\"Chasing Liberty\\". Caught \\"First Daughter\\" on FX channel. Thoroughly LOVED it. Clean, wholesome poking fun at the tabloids that cover the REAL \\"First Daughters\\". The script uses all the girls who grew up in the White House for its basis - up to and including the Bush twins bouts with drinking...   The chemistry between Mark Blucas and Katie Holmes  - dancing to the wonderful carefully selected music and their first date at the fair  - was gloriously innocent! How original is that!   I didnt' realize Forrest Whitaker was the director. Joy to find that out.   Just a pleasant film all around.   Everyone in the film seemed commited to making it as real as possible. I wonder if Susan Ford ever saw it?
B00000AOUD|4.0|What is wrong with \\"this version\\" of the CD? People give \\"this version\\" one stars, and the original CD/vinyl version four and five stars. Why? What is wrong with this later version's remastering?   There are also a few unfavorable reviews about the remastering of \\"A Passion Play\\" and \\"Aqualung.\\" Why is this? What the problems with the remastered sound on these reissueus?  Please help.  Thanks.
B000Q67DEO|5.0|Blondie doesn't get credit for much.  One thing the band SHOULD get credit for is helping to pioneer the concept of music videos.  Whether the video album to Eat to the Beat was the first or simply one of the first attempts to make a video for each song on an entire album, this DVD's historic importance cannot be overstated.<br /><br />Because it is a pioneering effort, the accepted format of displaying the credits discreetly in one corner of the video has not yet been invented. Instead, each video has a \\"title page\\" which eats up the first few seconds of each video.  That's annoying, but that is my one and only minor criticism.  The excitement of the videos more than makes up for this minor \\"annoyance.\\"<br /><br />The lowdown?  In a word:  fantastic!  The picture quality is head and shoulders above Blondie's Greatest Video Hits or the Musikladen DVD.  It is on a par with the picture quality of the Glasgow performance:  i.e., the picture quality is nearly High Definition considering how old these tapes are.<br /><br />The videos themselves are primarily variations on the \\"show the band performing\\" theme.  Remember, this is prehistoric.  Don't let that stop you from owning the best Blondie video EVER.  I waited 28 years to see this, and it was worth the wait.  I question the need to include the CD album with the DVD in the package, because most people who purchase this will probably already own the plain CD.  That also increases the price, and unfortunately may make some people pass on an excellent and essential Blondie video document.  For my own tastes,  never again will I simply want to listen to the album without viewing the accompanying videos.  It's that good.  And if you get tired of watching Debbie Harry in her prime there is something seriously wrong with you.<br /><br />If you do not own this you are not a true Blondie fan.  'Nuff Said.
0061186422|5.0|M IS FOR MAGIC is a collection of eleven short stories.  This book was geared for elementary/middle school but I thought that I couldn't read many of the stories aloud in my classroom because some of the themes are pretty adult.<br /><br />I liked many of the stories, especially THE WITCH'S HEADSTONE.  This was a story about a real boy who was living in a graveyard and being raised by ghosts.  He decides to do a very kind thing for a ghost who didn't get a gravestone and the story follows the adventure that goes with that decision.<br /><br />I also enjoyed THE CASE OF FOUR AND TWENTY BLACKBIRDS.  It was a detective story set with nursery rhyme characters.  The detective needs to solve the mystery of who killed Humpty Dumpty.  It is told with attitude and is very funny.<br /><br />There are also stories that are scary or just plain creepy.  The story about the jack-in-the-box just gave me chills.  So if you want to read some good, strange stories that only take about an hour to read, check this book out.<br /><br />Reviewed by:  Marta Morrison
B00000G6NI|5.0|If you're a fan of Johnny Winter, SRV, Ten Years After etc. and haven't heard of Rory Gallagher, then you should definitely get this. This is a perfect blend of blues and rock with plenty of nice chunky riffs to keep it all chugging along. Nice and raw but not too raw. Rory Gallagher--unlike some of his blues counterparts--could actually sing and his voice is gritty yet lyrical on this well-produced remaster. There's not a bad track here. Even the bonus tracks are good. Highly recommended.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|Now I listen to it almost every day.  One complaint is that it doesn't cover much early stuff.  The other is ending with All You Need Is Love is cliche, but it works.  Otherwise, listen to it as if you had never heard of this band before.  It isn't perfect, but it brings new appreciation to the Beatles for an already huge Beatles fan here.
B000P12LWY|2.0|When I first heard about Showtime's series \\"The Tudors,\\" I was really looking forward to seeing it. I've always had an interest in English history and in particular a fascination with Anne Boleyn. I also understood that this was not a documentary; I expected there to be some straying from the historical record. However, when a series purporting to be based on factual events strays as far from the historical truth as this one does, it becomes not merely laughable but maddening.<br /><br />Other reviewers have pointed out the inaccuracies regarding Henry's sisters. He had two, Margaret and Mary. Margaret married the king of Scotland. In \\"The Tudors,\\" he has one sister, inexplicably called Margaret. I say inexplicably because her story more closely follows Mary's life, but with glaring differences. The writers have this Mary marry an entirely different king than the real one did and on top of that they have her kill him. I don't get it. It's as if the writers decided that Henry VIII, Anne Boleyn, and the break with Rome just weren't interesting enough in and of themselves, so they threw in some murders, duels, and lots and lots of sex. Also, the timelines are just plain screwy. There are events happening concurrently that in reality happened years apart. And what's ironic is that in an ongoing series like this one, they could have taken the time to show events in the correct order.<br /><br />I applaud the casting of Sam Neill as Cardinal Wolsey and Jeremy Northam as Sir Thomas More. They are excellent. However, Jonathan Rhys Meyers is badly miscast as Henry VIII. Henry was a tall and imposing figure. Jonathan Rhys Meyers lacks the physical stature to carry the role off. He also seems a bit young to be playing Henry at this stage of his life. I can't believe they couldn't find a more physically impressive actor to play Henry.<br /><br />On the plus side, \\"The Tudors\\" is beautifully filmed. It certainly is visually appealing and I can see why some viewers find it enjoyable. I just hope they don't kid themselves that they are learning much about English history. I wish the producers would have given a fictional name to this series rather than tying it in to the Tudors, because history this isn't.n't kid themselves that they are learning much about English history. I wish the producers would have given a fictional name to this series rather than tying it in to the Tudors, because history this isn't.
0812550706|5.0|Absolutely stunning.  The humans are preparing for an end all war with the Buggers- an evolved race of creatures who are busy colonizing the universe.  Andrew (Ender) Wiggin is the most balanced of his siblings, his sister Valentine is too soft and brother Peter is too violent.  This future world is an engineered one.  Two children only are permitted a family and Ender is a scorned Third.  But he is the best hope of the of his siblings who are all magnum geniuses.  The I(nternationl) F(leet) needs Ender to command their armies though he's only 8 or 9 years old when he's recruited.  A sub plot is that Valentine and Peter start a writing camapaign that polarizes the politics on Earth, and which sparks the potential for global war, while Ender is in space preparing to save humanity. It's all game; but the game is deadly real.   A truly spectacular book.  Can't believe I haven't found this book before now.  It will give you nightmares as you see so many ideas in the book beginning in our lives today.  I'm certain the word has been used; this book is prescient to an alarming degree.
0385337388|5.0|I did my residency in the 1990s and I can assure you that it wasn't all that different than that depicted in Shem's book.  The unbelievable workload, chronic lack of sleep, exposure to illness and death, all mixed with the constant pressure to be brilliant, hardworking, and efficient to impress pompous and seemingly callous superiors is a recipe for warping a person into an automaton.  I just counted down the days until it was over.  But the experience leaves you changed, hopefully not scarred, and now as an attending in a large BMS, I am glad that the schedules are more humane for our residents and interns, yet I somehow feel that they are soft and coddled because they can't work more than 80 hours/wk.  Anyway, this experience is depicted well in HOG, and I think it would be hard for someone who hasn't experienced this to appreciate this book.  If a layperson finds it horrifying, then maybe they will experience a little of what it was like for those of us who had to live it.  The dark humor is extremely real, the sexual escapades were enjoyed by some, but not all of us, in the trenches.  \\"Buff\\" and \\"turf\\" are terms I hear on a regular basis.  I didn't care for the ending of the book; Roy's career choice seemed unlikely, but I'm guessing that's what happened to the author.  Overall, the book brings to light some of the horrors of medical training, but sensationalizes it to a degree.  The humor is at times adolescent, but still I had to laugh out loud at some parts.  I'm sure I wouldn't give the book five stars if I hadn't gone through a fairly grueling internship myself though.
B000244EMO|5.0|Almost everyone has seen or herd of the movie Predator, and if you haven't then  you must be living under a rock. This movie is assume, I watch like every time it is ever on TV! A must have for any Arnold Schwarzenegger fan! Get this two disc collectors edition!
0553804367|5.0|This book explains the physical concepts in very understandable fashion. It can be understood by any person. You do not have to be a scientist or physicists to read the book. There are also wonderful examples explaining the scientific phenomenon underlying our universe and black hole or other galaxies.
0812975219|5.0|For the one-star reviewers who complain Taleb's an egomaniac: Duh! He won't deny it. Read the foreward. The whole point of this very self-indulgent book, is that it is one person's exposition on the subject, rooted in his own very picayune views and experiences. If you could get Taleb sitting next to you at a cocktail party and ask him about his thoughts on this topic, this is the book you'd get. There are no footnotes, no research. That's not the kind of book it is. If you're looking for a textbook overview on the topic of randomness: This ain't it. Don't fault an apple for not being an orange.<br />Also, for those one-star reviewers who were irate that they didn't get advice on milking the markets using Taleb's methods: He is laughing his butt off at you right now. This is definitely not a book about that. Quite the opposite.<br />Is Taleb haughty and self-indulgent? Yes--and he will tell you that right up front. That's the whole point of his book, it's just his snobbish but  interesting musings on the notion of \\"success in life\\" and the often-ignored role of dumb luck in it, as concluded by a man who's watched a lot of Wall Street types crash and burn. More broadly he discusses the inherent tendency in human beings to come up with a story or explanation for *everything* that happens around us, and warns that in many cases we may be deluding ourselves. He also talks about our difficulty in really making decisions using cold knowledge, when in fact we almost always ultimately are controlled by our emotions, not our intellect. Sometimes things happen to us for reasons that have *nothing* to do with the obvious explanations we concoct after the fact--whether we are trying to explain the ebb and flow of stock markets (the grist for Taleb's ideas) or historical events.<br />A fun ride and worth it if you know up front what you're *not* getting.
B0000028PI|5.0|Jaseff Stroud \\"MrGonzo\\" is, well, wrong.    alice cooper made this concept album with neil gaiman. neil and alice made up a central character, alice made an album for him, neil made a comic book with the same name. both are awesome. \\"giving satan the finger\\". what is that.
B0000041XX|5.0|The original Three Tenors CD takes me back!  I was very fortunate to be brought up with an exposure to classical music, thanks to PBS, Saturday broadcasts from the Met on the local classical radio station and old records and tapes lovingly preserved and treasured by my family.  Classical music was, for me, the ultimately pleasurable escape from the stress and dismal day to day stresses of life.  The Three Tenors sound like angels on this album and this CD really documents a history-making performance.  Jose Carreras, Luciano Pavarotti and Placido Domingo woo us with their magnificent voices.  I especially enjoy \\"Nessum Dorma\\" from Turandot, sung with gusto and feeling by the incomparable Luciano Pavarotti.  What's more, when Placido Domingo and Jose Carreras sing in their native tongue (Spanish) they truly steal your heart away.  The songs featured here are truly the cream of the crop, musically, and are perhaps some of the greatest songs written for tenors.  Don't miss out on this album............This is the first and (in my opinion) the greatest album they did.
0679783261|5.0|I decided to go to the library and take out the book after seeing the movie a few weeks ago.  The movie was good but the book is so much better.  It was well written, funny and everything you can expect from a good novel.  Definitely a must read even if it is not required for class.
B0002YJ29O|5.0|Martha Argerich, Evgeny Kissin, Emmanuel Ax, Leif Ove Andsnes, Mikhail Pletnev, Claude Frank, Staffan Scheja, Lang Lang and James Levine: pianists.<br />The 'Happy Birthday' string orchestra: Gidon Kremer, Vadim Repin, Renaud Capuon, Sarah Chang, Ilya Gringolts, Yuri Bashmet, Nobuko Imai, Christian Tetzlaff, Nikolaj Znaider, Dmitry Sitkovetsky, Mischa Maisky, Boris Pergamenschikow, Patrick de los Santos.<br />Such a tremendous cast represents the gathering of the best contemproary classical musicians!<br />It is more than just fun, though fun it certainly was. This DVD is an outstanding documentary of a big musical event.<br />I don't see any artist really 'dominating' the scene - Levine, being a conductor cum pianist, certainly wasn't imposing 'his' will on other soloists; nor did any senior musician seen to patronise younger ones (the youngest being Vadim Repin and Sarah Chung, violinists, and Kissin and Lang Lang, pianisits).<br />No - everybody were enjoying the get together on a purely equal basis. And it is this great fraternity that brings out the true dignity of music as an art form.<br />Classical music deserves to live; not to die.
B00005JP5P|2.0|This British made sci fi is really dull and boring. The plot: we are in the mid 21st century and the sun is running out of fuel. To prevent it from dying out and thus freezing the Earth to death, a multinational (and strangely all young and photogenic) team of scientists is assembled to be send in a spaceship to the sun, in order to drop a couple of atom bombs that, it is hoped, will reignite the star. Unfortunately, during the mission, many problems ensue. This film was made on an evidently cheap budget - not by itself a problem, if the movie was interesting, which is not. Still, there are a couple of really bizarre scenes here that may well be worth the price of admission - a man literally touching the sun with his hands?
B000DWMN2S|1.0|Everything is Illuminated is one of my favorite novels of all time, mostly due to Foer's inventive writing style and vivid characterizations, but also because of the powerful storyline that is echoed across multiple timelines. But this movie is a travesty of arrogance run amok.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, I'm usually fine with directors changing their source material to better suit the big screen, but there is a huge difference between tweaking a story line for the sake of efficiency and completely changing the plot, characters and meaning.<br /><br />I agree that the book, as is, would be practically unfilmable by most filmmakers. I even agree that removing the historical passages of the book might be a good idea to make the storyline more manageable for the film medium. It's a sad loss of some great material, to be sure, but maybe a necessary one. Unfortunately, Liev Schrieber takes so many other liberties with the source material that the movie no longer has the same plot, the same characters, the same resolution, or the same meaning. The entire POINT of the book is completely discarded and essentially inverted. Even the characters are changed in such essential ways and with such utter disregard for everything that made them special in the first place that they are almost unrecognizable. It's as if Liev read the book and completely misunderstood it. Either that, or he is so arrogant and infatuated with himself that he actually believed he could improve it by altering its essence. I'm not sure which one is worse, but regardless, the only thing left that connects this movie to the book is the title, which is a huge disservice to the author's numerous fans.<br /><br />I actually believe that this movie is so different from the book in tone, vision, character, and meaning, that had Liev Schreiber made and released the movie under a different title and changed the characters names, no one would have ever made the connection to the original \\"source\\" material.<br /><br />But is it a good movie?<br /><br />Unfortunately, it is virtually impossible for me to separate the book from the movie, or review the movie on its own merits. I can only imagine that if I had not read the book beforehand that I would find the movie to be watchable but underwhelming and incohesive. It has an enjoyable sense of quirkiness and some nice cinematography but no heart or pulse. And in comparison to the book, the movie lacks character, credibility, emotional resonance, and originality. It lacks everything that made the book great.<br /><br />Everyone else on this review board either never read the book or is in bed with Liev Schrieber. Trust me. I honestly felt like I'd been sucker-punched while watching this \\"adaptation\\". It's the first time I've ever taken personal offense to a filmmaker's treatment and lack of respect for the source material. I wish I could will this movie into nonexistence.<br /><br />What makes me the most angry is that this watching this movie might dissuade people from eventually reading the book, which to me is unforgiveable. It's inarguably an important, essential work of fiction for everyone and anyone.<br /><br />So if it's not too late, skip this movie and read the book. You'll thank me later.Unfortunately, it is virtually impossible for me to separate the book from the movie, or review the movie on its own merits. I can only imagine that if I had not read the book beforehand that I would find the movie to be watchable but underwhelming and incohesive. It has an enjoyable sense of quirkiness and some nice cinematography but no heart or pulse. And in comparison to the book, the movie lacks character, credibility, emotional resonance, and originality. It lacks everything that made the book great.    Everyone else on this review board either never read the book or is in bed with Liev Schrieber. Trust me. I honestly felt like I'd been sucker-punched while watching this \\"adaptation\\". It's the first time I've ever taken personal offense to a filmmaker's treatment and lack of respect for the source material. I wish I could will this movie into nonexistence.    What makes me the most angry is that this watching this movie might dissuade people from eventually reading the book, which to me is unforgiveable. It's inarguably an important, essential work of fiction for everyone and anyone.     So if it's not too late, skip this movie and read the book. You'll thank me later.
0061096741|1.0|What destroyed America's newest aircraft carrier, a Nimitz-class ship bristling with high-tech and weapons?  When one of the USN's flagships disappears in a nuclear explosion, the official explanation points to a catastrophic nuclear accident.  Higher-placed Naval officials nurse a more sinister explanation - nuclear terrorism masterminded by an ace submariner using a rogue crew.  USN Commander Bill Baldridge pieces together clues that reveal the mastermind's complex identity, and may lead to his apprehension.    Cool, huh?  This was Pat Robinson's first novel, so it has the benefit of not having the example of his prior books, and their myriad realism flaws, technical faults, logic gaps, almost insultingly bad dialog, compulsive use of irrelevant (and often incorrect) technical data and overall right-wing bombast.  That said, NC wastes little time establishing these very serious errors on its own merits.  Robinson goes through the motions creating as realistic a depiction of carrier aviation as you could expect from some low-grade flight sim (accept that such sims don't typically come with African-American characters who speak as if they walked off some 1930's movie) before the carrier gets turned into radioactive dust on the sea.  Robinson then proposes his rogue-submarine idea, but never explains how such a sub managed to elude detection designed to screen such targets.  Real carriers come with ASW aircraft, sensors and weapons, but in Robinson' story, there is no task which cannot be placed on the back of a sub.  Robinson comes up with some nifty plot ideas to identify just who the villain is - unfortunately he comes up with several such ideas, none becoming interesting or plausible before the gears are shifted and a new direction is taken.  Finally, NC sets the pattern for other Robinson thrillers in that it has real ending - it's like PR got tired of his own story.  Instead of chasing the enemy sub down, it's enough for our heroes simply to recreate the rogue's otherwise impossible submerged transit from the Black Sea.  I can appreciate that setting up the hero and the villain may be too simplistic, but NC replaces that clich with nothing...
B000001FE0|5.0|Please put this out on SACD immediately! This would be my absolute favorite on 5.1.
B000N6U0E2|1.0|Pursuit of Happiness  (DVD)<br /><br />Pursuit of Happiness starring Will Smith and Will Smith's real life son is so boring that I couldn't finish watching it and I don't understand all the hype.  Sure Will Smith's son is cute, the best line in the movie, at least the fraction that I watched was \\"  How do you know about Bonanza?  Do you watch it after your nap?  \\"No, after Love boat\\" I do understand that it is based on a true life story, but, boring.<br /><br />Not recommended for adults.  Maybe children would enjoy it.<br /><br />Gunner  August  2,007
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|The way I watch a movie is I take in all that's happening in front of me and trust the director to tell me a story, meaning I dont like to think ahead and guess the ending, I don't look for plot holes or mistakes, I just take it for what it is.    What this is is an amazing feature film with incredible effects that come across beautifully on HD-DVD. A thrilling story of a heroic band of warriors taking on invaders to their homeland. That's all there is to it. I rarely watch extra features on DVD's, but in this case, they will make you appreciate even more how this film was put together.    I'd also like to note this HD-DVD played without any problems whatever on my XBOX360 HD player.
B0000C5RQF|5.0|Every element in this production is wonderful.<br />The Direction is sheer genius, a brilliant combination of period and modern styles, costumes, choreography and lighting are all remarkable. The singers are exquisite, Roschmann's sensitive style and creamy tone make for a perfect Pamina, Keenlyside is phenomenal as the ever-simple Papageno, and the entire opening sequence with Tamino, Queen of the Night (Damrau is qithout a question the BEST recorded in my opinion-accurate while dramatic coloratura) and the Drei Damen include some stellar acting and extremely strong singing.
B000LB7G00|5.0|I was skeptical of this device at first, and probably did not need the so-called Standard Edition (but the price was acceptable either way).    I am a Mac user, and since 3DConnexion only released Mac Drivers for the SpaceNavigator a few months ago, the application support is rather sparse, but growing.    It works great in those apps that are currently supported, though support varies from app to app, and is dependent on how the application developer chose to use it.
0143038419|5.0|The best authors seem to  be able to put into words and describe emotional responses to private thoughts and life experiences in a way that makes us seem to experience the event ourselves while reading.  Liz Gilbert is an amazingly descriptive, loving, and fun person and her story goes right to the heart.  Without realizing it until well into the book, her tale of spirituality, love, balance, taking care of emotional needs, getting out of the box to experience meditation, love, etc., was something I also need.<br /><br />Her journey goes from controlling, unspiritual, NYC know-it-all, to open, humble, loving, unspoiled person willing to mop floors, clean up messes, get up early in the morning to take care of others and communicate through meditation with God.<br /><br />Wow.  Makes me want to give it all a try.  And yet, as much as I loved the journey and the talk about spirituality and growth, more than anything, I just loved her and her way of communicating and telling the story as she describes her life in such an open and human way.<br /><br />Loved the book and I hope you'll read it.
B000OCXMAE|5.0|I'm shocked with all the bad reviews. The songs are powerful and have so much intensity.  You can tell they put a lot of thought and feelings into the music.  It isn't a cd thrown together like most I've heard.  God forbid any band try something new.    This cd has everything the older one's have and more. Chester's voice is phenomenal in this cd.  Mike's voice is also great and I've heard him in a different light (he's fantastic).  I give 5 (100) stars to all their cd's.    I WANT MORE ALIKE THIS!  Linkin Park is perfect and unique.  I hope they keep it that way.
1416914285|5.0|Things go afoot at the Pandemonium all ages nightclub in Brooklyn for young Clary Fray (15) and her best friend Simon. First, Clary sees a young man follow a dark haired girl into a room, then she sees them pursued by two young men, one of whom is carrying a knife. Clary points this out to Simon who alerts a bouncer. But when she sees a dreadful crime committed that no one else can see she begins to wonder what is behind it all. Who are these tattooed, attractive young people, and why does the one who resembles a lion treat her so poorly?<br /><br />The three turn out to be in an elite group of humans called Shadowhunters, or demon hunters, in \\"Mundie\\" terms. Alec and Isabelle Lightwood are beautiful dark haired siblings while Jace, the tall leonine one, is an orphan. After Clary is attacked by a Ravener Demon and poisoned Jace takes her back to the Institute, that is the head of the Shadowhunters realm in the land of Idris, where she can recover from her near fatal wounds. Before she knows it Clary gets drawn into their world and begins to discover that she has a reason to be there that is more than chance.<br /><br />I was so impressed by the first of Clare's urban fantasy series. All I can say is wow... and then shake my head and say wow again... This was such a compelling read, dark and rich with vivid textures and description. The characters are real and edgy and the plot twists are original, unexpected, and complex. Clare is the queen of setting literary bombs that explode and astound unexpectedly throughtout the books. Amazingly done. I found myself thoroughly drawn into the lush world that Clare has created. I will be reading \\"City of Ashes\\" when it is published in 2008. I have to know what happens next.
B00004WG2F|5.0|Touches all levels of emotions, along with enough masculinity to support \\"not just another chick-flick\\"
B0002STNQ2|4.0|This is a fairly good thriller from Michael Crichton. He weaves a few interesting concepts(nanotechnology, biotechnology, and computer technology) together to form a decent story. The story is a little abrupt in places, and there isn't much character development. Prey is definitely better than Jurassic Park though.
B000068FWC|5.0|Soldiers get the latest in music almost as fast as teenagers, and they are the first to get state-of-the art stereo systems through the PX that would make a discount wholesaler wince. That was my introduction to \\"Breakfast in America.\\" Sitting in my platoon's storage room one afternoon in 1979, I heard the sound of \\"Breakfast...\\" coming from the arms room. Normally, any music would have made me go to the offender and ask him to turn it down. This was different. It wasn't the cacaphony of noise I was unfortunately accustomed to hearing. I listened more intently to each selection, liking one as much as the other. I closed the field manual. It was no use. The music had taken over. I asked the armorer what he was playing, and he showed me the cassette. He added, with more pride in his taste for music rather than as an attempt to convince me: \\"Great tunes, h'uh, sir?\\"<br /><br />After almost thirty years, it still has as much appeal as when I purchased it. Now on DVD, there are some weekend afternoons that I program my favorites, recall a time and place long ago, and the roads I travelled where the language and customs were different, always playing \\"Breakfast in America\\" in my head, where I would \\"take the long way home.\\" (My favorite.)
0316010669|3.0|I saw the cover of this book and I knew exactly what it would be.  About a 100 pages of very interesting material and then a 100 pages of useless rubbish.  My prediction was right, thus verifying the first 100 pages of his book.
0553296981|5.0|An innocuous gift, a diary a girl treasures. She writes in it, \\"I will call you, Kitty.\\" A scrawny teenage girl begins writing her way into the hearts and minds of mankind around the world. This book will be her legacy and her memorial.<br /><br />Her family, refugees from Germany, immigrates to Holland where the boots of nazi oppression and psychopathic poison are not far behind. Ann's family hides from the invader in an attic where the Dutch who are the antithesis of German intolerance give them meager rations.<br /><br />Ann's writing tells us about herself, and her relations with her family and the van Danns cramped in an attic always starving, and never being sure when they will be brought food, or if the police will find them. Through the turmoil of maturation from girl to woman,we learn of a girl's decency, innocence, and goodness.<br /><br />All the hope for freedom is gone as the police discover the hide-out, and Ann is taken to a concentration camp where she dies two months before its liberation. Going back to the attic, her father finds her diary that will bring her immortality. Her legacy begins.<br /><br />We all would have wanted to see Ann Frank and thousands of others like her live. No one, especially a young innocent girl should be treated so inhumanly without the least iota of mercy or decency. The irony is that her seemingly meaningless death among millions is what gave her life meaning, and allowed her story to be told to the world.<br /><br />This book is a reminder that love and kindness survives the most vile lack of humanity. It is a testament to the human spirit.<br /><br />Ann Frank would have been seventy-eight June 12, 2007.
B000K7VHJQ|5.0|The original movie has been criticized as being too violent. Actually, upon seeing the film, I have to conclude that the actual problem is the fact that all previous films and plays about the Passion have been much too sanitized and nonviolent. Of course, the violence, apart from being historically accurate, is a reflection of the brutalities of the ancient world in general and the ancient Roman Empire in particular. Those liberals who complain about conservatives selectively condemning televised violence are just being silly. There is a world of difference between the careful depiction of violence in movies and the gratuitous violence that pervades modern movies and TV. Conservatives have never objected to the former, only the latter. Those who complain about the discrepancies in the Gospels are being equally silly. Apart from the fact that these discrepances are to be expected between independent eyewitness accounts, they are minor and easily reconciled with each other (much as variant newspaper accounts of the same event in no way negate the factuality of the event).<br /><br />The violence makes it easy to understand elements of the Passion. For instance, the abject brutality of the scourging makes it easy to understand why many of those flagellated died on the spot. It is amazing that our Lord did not die much sooner. Then again, God the Father needed His Son to live long enough to complete His atoning Sacrifice for our sake.<br /><br />Far from being anti-Semitic or otherwise portraying Jews in a unilaterally negative light, it includes portrayal of Jews as the victims of the Roman conquerors. This is shown by the derogatory remarks towards Jews by Pilate (e. g., This stinking province!...This rabble!...), as well as the Roman soldiers (e. g., An impossible people!...Help Him carry the cross--you Jew!).<br /><br />I disagree with those who say that the movie didn't pay attention to His teachings. Apart from the fact that the movie was about His Passion, and not primarily about His entire life and teachings, it does include substantial references to the latter. These include flashbacks to the time of Jesus as a Boy, Jesus following the trade of His father Joseph as a carpenter, the forgiveness of the adulteress, the command to love one's enemies, the command to love one another as He had loved them, Peter's promise never to betray Him, etc.<br /><br />Because He died to take away my sins, the film enabled me to see myself as His tormentor. It was I who was spitting on Him, scourging Him so savagely, making Him carry the Cross, and then nailing Him to it.<br /><br />The film concludes with a good visual portrayal of His Resurrection. The grave clothes stay wrapped together while His resurrected Body passes right through them, and His Body still contains the nail marks of His Passion. A superb film! The only question is why a film of this quality had not been produced much sooner.tire life and teachings, it does include substantial references to the latter. These include flashbacks to the time of Jesus as a Boy, Jesus following the trade of His father Joseph as a carpenter, the forgiveness of the adulteress, the command to love one's enemies, the command to love one another as He had loved them, Peter's promise never to betray Him, etc.    Because He died to take away my sins, the film enabled me to see myself as His tormentor. It was I who was spitting on Him, scourging Him so savagely, making Him carry the Cross, and then nailing Him to it.     The film concludes with a good visual portrayal of His Resurrection. The grave clothes stay wrapped together while His resurrected Body passes right through them, and His Body still contains the nail marks of His Passion. A superb film! The only question is why a film of this quality had not been produced much sooner.
0812975219|4.0|The title of this review is from a sentence the author extracted from graffiti during the 1968 student riot in Paris, and in my opinion summarizes what the author wants to convey with this book: 1) that we do not fully understand even our mundane matters, and 2) that we needn't feel ashamed for not being consistent all the time.    Yes, the book is about the markets, but it is no sense confined to it. In fact should the reader be focusing narrowly on that topic s/he will be losing most of what the author has to offer -- a surprisingly broad research on how human beings historically perceived risk; tales of common misconceptions in probability; an amusing telling of the findings of modern behavioral finance (of the Kahneman Tversky \\"kind\\" as the author might have put it); and a constructive suggestion on how to deliver ourselves from misfortune (more on this later).    During the earlier parts of the book I have been irritated by the author's tone of delivery. As those who wrote critical reviews to this book might have felt, I felt as if his voice contained conceit (if calling non-scientists -- economists, MBA's, journalists -- straight-out as idiots doesn't sound impolite then I don't know what impolite is). However, at the risk of stereotyping, I later on realized that the author's style might have to do with his Mediterranean disposition. Speaking out loud what s/he truly thinks is true.    Taleb advises us to \\"dress your best on your execution day ... Be extremely courteous to your assistant when you lose money. Try not to blame others for your fate, even if they deserve blame. Never exhibit any self-pity, even if your significant other bolts with the handsome ski instructor or the younger aspiring model. Do not complain.\\" According to his personal philosophy based on stoicism, \\"the only article Lady Fortuna has no control over is our behavior.\\"
B00028HBKM|5.0|This masterpiece has been criticized as being too violent. Actually, upon seeing it, I have to conclude that the actual problem is the fact that all previous films and plays about the Passion have been much too sanitized and nonviolent. Of course, the violence, apart from being historically accurate, is a reflection of the brutalities of the ancient world in general and the ancient Roman Empire in particular. Those liberals who complain about conservatives selectively condemning televised violence are just being silly. There is a world of difference between the careful depiction of violence in movies and the gratuitous violence that pervades modern movies and TV. Conservatives have never objected to the former, only the latter. Those who complain about the discrepancies in the Gospels are being equally silly. Apart from the fact that these discrepances are to be expected between independent eyewitness accounts, they are minor and easily reconciled with each other (much as variant newspaper accounts of the same event in no way negate the factuality of the event).<br /><br />The violence makes it easy to understand elements of the Passion. For instance, the abject brutality of the scourging makes it easy to understand why many of those flagellated died on the spot. It is amazing that our Lord did not die much sooner. Then again, God the Father needed His Son to live long enough to complete His atoning Sacrifice for our sake.<br /><br />Far from being anti-Semitic or otherwise portraying Jews in a unilaterally negative light, it includes portrayal of Jews as the victims of the Roman conquerors. This is shown by the derogatory remarks towards Jews by Pilate (e. g., This stinking province!...This rabble!...), as well as the Roman soldiers (e. g., An impossible people!...Help Him carry the cross--you Jew!).<br /><br />I disagree with those who say that the movie didn't pay attention to His teachings. Apart from the fact that the movie was about His Passion, and not primarily about His entire life and teachings, it does include substantial references to the latter. These include flashbacks to the time of Jesus as a Boy, Jesus following the trade of His father Joseph as a carpenter, the forgiveness of the adulteress, the command to love one's enemies, the command to love one another as He had loved them, Peter's promise never to betray Him, etc.<br /><br />Because He died to take away my sins, the film enabled me to see myself as His tormentor. It was I who was spitting on Him, scourging Him so savagely, making Him carry the Cross, and then nailing Him to it.<br /><br />The film concludes with a good visual portrayal of His Resurrection. The grave clothes stay wrapped together while His resurrected Body passes right through them, and His Body still contains the nail marks of His Passion. A superb film! The only question is why a film of this quality had not been produced much sooner.life and teachings, it does include substantial references to the latter. These include flashbacks to the time of Jesus as a Boy, Jesus following the trade of His father Joseph as a carpenter, the forgiveness of the adulteress, the command to love one's enemies, the command to love one another as He had loved them, Peter's promise never to betray Him, etc.     Because He died to take away my sins, the film enabled me to see myself as His tormentor. It was I who was spitting on Him, scourging Him so savagely, making Him carry the Cross, and then nailing Him to it.     The film concludes with a good visual portrayal of His Resurrection. The grave clothes stay wrapped together while His resurrected Body passes right through them, and His Body still contains the nail marks of His Passion. A superb film! The only question is why a film of this quality had not been produced much sooner.
B000NA1OXY|5.0|every song on here is great! again, for the third time avril gives an excellent album. she has to be one of the most talented musical artists ever! her music is fantastic!!!! though this album may sound different than the other two, it's still just as good. you'll love every song!!!
B000E994KE|5.0|Amorphis is cool. they really hooked up with a killer metal label. (Relapse is cool too!)these guys have an eclectic mix of sounds on this cd. my favorite song has to be \\"House Of Sleep\\", and the video for it is on the Nuclear Blast website. Amorphis has a new album out soon, so check it out.
B000SQKZKG|5.0|I was hesitant to purchase this remastered copy, since I had already purchased, what was then a \\"remastered\\" copy back in '93, on the Victory label that ELP had just begun having their back catalogue released.  However, there is a definite improvement in the sound quality of this remaster.  There is greater presence and clarity to the mix and the separation between instruments sounds improved.  Previously, the overall sound seemed \\"far away\\" in its quality.  This has largely been improved with this new remaster.  Well worth the double dip if you're an ELP fanatic.
B0002Y69NG|3.0|Cheap box -- it was already falling apart when I got it. I bought it on here b/c the ones in the store look like junk. I thought the Matrix would have been a bit more high def than what they produced it as, but on a good TV you can completely see the non-HD in all its glory.    Movies are good, though. And the animatricies are pretty fun as well.
B000A59PMO|5.0|This show rocks (including the kick-a** theme song, \\"We Used To Be Friends\\").  After Gilmore Girls, this show boasts some of the wittiest, fastest-paced dialogue on network TV.  I am a newcomer to Veronica Mars and now an acolyte (thank you, Family Video for sparing me the financial burden of purchasing yet another TV series).  Always a fan of mysteries (provided they aren't too Hannibal Lecter), I can get my fill of whodunits with V. M.'s  neverending subplots and overarching mystery, the as-of-yet inexplicable death of Lilly, Veronica's best friend.<br /><br />I love how clever and confident Veronica is. Also, what a role model for multitasking! I especially like that Veronica doesn't take anyone's garbage--I certainly could learn that lesson from Ms. Mars. (Kristen Bell is a fellow Michigander who grew up only a few hours from my hometown.) The guy who plays Logan is kinda cute (okay, he's bona fide hot, though probably eight years my junior), and I'm glad that his character becomes a better person, or at least a more dynamic person who's rendered sympathetically, towards the end of the first season (though I cringed and was embarrassed for him during the earlier episodes when he said one insensitive, politically incorrect thing after another).<br /><br />Lilly's ghost gives tips and clues to the otherwise hallucinating Veronica and Duncan, Lilly's brother (and possibly, Veronica's half-brother whom Veronica used to date; way too Flowers in the Attic/V.C. Andrews, but hey, Abraham and Sarah were half-brother and sister, too).<br /><br />Wallace is a cool, resourceful young man whom Veroncia is the first to befriend and rescue from a cruel, retaliatory prank, and the two outsiders infiltrate the masterminds of high school and local petty (and not-so-petty) crime.<br /><br />We see for ourselves on Veronica Mars how people's personalities can drastically alter when they are slipped drugs in their drinks (Veronica) or go off their poorly tolerated meds cold-turkey (Duncan). This show sensitively handled how this brain-chemistry alteration can affect a person's behavior and that the said person is not to be blamed, a point I wouldn't mind pressing with the general public.<br /><br />(In the second disc of season one in the episode, \\"The Girl Next Door,\\" there is a young woman (Jessica Chastain) who is a dead ringer for yours truly and her character's name is also Sarah.  That was a little uncanny but kinda cool.)Duncan). This show sensitively handled how this brain-chemistry alteration can affect a person's behavior and that the said person is not to be blamed, a point I wouldn't mind pressing with the general public.<br /><br />(In the second disc of season one in the episode, \\"The Girl Next Door,\\" there is a young woman (Jessica Chastain) who is a dead ringer for yours truly and her character's name is also Sarah.  That was a little uncanny but kinda cool.)
B000HC2LI0|5.0|It took me 8 months to collect every season of the West Wing. Here it is, accessible in one tidy package.  Viewing the DVDs gives you the opportunity to catch what you have missed from the broadcast episodes.   The series is fast paced, engaging and realistic.  The characters, even the antagonists, are likable and intriguing.  You get a realistic view of the executive branch of the US government (Okay, so the current administration doesn't measure up to the Bartlet staff. But you get an idea of how they operate).
B000LPQ6DE|4.0|I really enjoyed this adaption although the time spent on her childhood and the time away from Rochester I tended to get a bit bored with.  I thought Ruth Wilson did a wonderful job.
B0000A98ZP|2.0|Let me say from the get-go that I truly believe The Breakfast Club to be one of the best movies of all time. So I was excited to hear about a new edition. Sad to say, it is simply not worth it--at all! So what of the music was remastered? Yippy Shermer Skippy. If the film stock had been restored and remastered, it might be different. But the music/soundtrack? Yawn.<br /><br />Then there's the fact that there are no extras, no deleted scenes, nothing.<br /><br />And lastly, I was majorly annoyed to be forced to watch four movie ads prior to getting to the menu. You CANNOT hit Stop, you CANNOT hit Menu, you CANNOT hit Pause...once this DVD is in, you will always, always have to sit through four movie ads before you get to the menu! \\"Action forbidden by disc\\" is what you'll see. Lame!<br /><br />Keep your old DVD copy. The picture is the same, and that's what counts. Call me when the real extras edition shows up with interviews, extra scenes, etc.
B00004STPT|5.0|I could listen to this cd over and over again. I even have it on my iPod. I love it.  It is one of the best.
B000QUUD60|1.0|It's a shame what warner has done! We were looking forward to this Special Edition for so long. I finally grapped my copy today, drove home as fast as I could and put the second dvd into my player...    My first impression: The outtakes can only be a bad joke. Have they downloaded this footage from youtube? The quality sucks. It's a shame, because this Elvis-Tunes basically are great, especially \\"Oh Happy Day\\" and \\"Little Sister\\".    Beside the picture the sound is only Mono on disc 2. We remeber: The 1992 released \\"Lost Performances\\" was in Stereo. This was 15 years ago...    Don't waste your money on this and buy the single-disc edition from 2001.
B000F8AF70|2.0|I bought this DVD and is awful! No big deal. Horrible video quality, seems it was recorded with a handy-cam and you even could see the signing from \\"HIFI\\" to \\"NORM\\" and viceversa on the screen. No audience interactivity, darken images.  I'm not sure if this recording was responsibility of the band or even authorized by the band, due to it has a cheating cover! At least two mistakes: Front cover photo, showed the original line-up of the band, but the concert was from 1992 whith Steven and Izzy replacements done. The line-up and Band Logo on the cover are not contemporaneous. Advise: Save your money.
B000V4UFZK|5.0|Pitiful! This is a great film. Everyone should be whining about the previous release. It has a glaring edit where the film was obviously spliced to cover a break in the bad original elements they used (when Craig T. Nelson goes to the neighbor's door to ask about any disturbances). We are lucky a new version is finally coming out, and it's anamorphic to boot! How can anyone complain with the low price it is listed for?
6305910340|3.0|My rating is based on how I feel about the film, but I'm writing this review to set a few things straight. First of all, there are two people portrayed in the film that are really ill-served by it: Josh's rival, who's real life name is Jeff Sarwer, and Bruce Pandolfini. Far from the brooding, dark-stepchild demeanor of the rival character in the film, Sarwer was actually a very lively, energetic, happy-go-lucky boy. Probably more importantly: he did not actually lose the 1986 primary championship game to Josh Waitzkin. The game was a draw and the young players shared the championship. In fact, Josh has never beaten Jeff Sarwer; they played twice in tournament, with Jeff winning the first game and Josh drawing the second that year. Also, Josh Waitzkin was two years older than Jeff at the time (Josh 9, Jeff 7.) There is much information now on the Internet about Jeff Sarwer, including a TV special produced about him before he was placed in foster care and dropped out of chess, available on Youtube, as well as the actual games he played against Josh, which fans of \\"Searching for Bobby Fischer\\" might avail themselves to peruse.    Second, Bruce Pandolfini taught both children. He was also at least twenty years younger than Ben Kingsley in the film, not Irish, and much taller. And to the best of my knowledege, Pandolfini never resorted to silly, melodramatic tactics like sweeping the pieces off the board in front of an eight year old student and asking him to find the mate-in-four. (Since Pandolfini has a cameo in the film I assume, however, that it had his approval.)    Finally, one of the major themes in the book is the relative poverty and squalor that chess players live and work in in this country because Americans don't take chess seriously. (Or didn't at the time?) This topic is repeated almost to a fault in the book, yet the film's settings are all ninteenth-century mansions or churches. You'd probably have a hard time getting real estate like that in New York even if you were Microsoft. Try this sentence from the beginning of chapter 5: \\"Beyond a door padded against slamming with wads of newspaper and silver duct tape, the best players were in a sorrowful front room over a pizza parlor, with discolored wall paneling, peeling paint, torn rugs and electrical wires dangling from holes in the ceiling.\\"    For those reviewers who thought that the film was inspiring and taught important lessons about life: it is just a movie. It has very little to do with life except being able to make a lot of people feel squishy inside. The movie has even less to do with chess.
1593080719|5.0|I first saw the Reese Witherspoon movie a year ago, not having read the book.  I was intrigued, so bought a copy, feeling quite virtuous for having bought a classic novel with the intention of reading it.  It took me over a year to get around to reading it, during which time it sat on the shelf silently convicting me of my good intentions to read the classic work.  I finally picked it up and decided to try it, to \\"improve my mind\\".  Boy, was I surprised to find myself laughing and utterly engrossed in it.  It is written in a different style of English from that of today, of course, but it is not as difficult to get through as, say, Jane Austen (whose books I do enjoy, so stop shrieking at me, all you JA fans).  It is written tongue firmly in cheek and with delightful sarcasm and satire and cynicism.  I am about halfway through as I write this and the more I read, the more I'm struck by the resemblance between Becky Sharp and Scarlett O'Hara.  I wonder if Margaret Mitchell was a fan of this book?      I urge you to give this book a try, if you want a very funny and witty experience.  I am enjoying it very much.
B00005K9QP|5.0|It was 1966.  The Beach Boys had been the dominant influence on Rock & Roll for 3 - 4 years with their surf music and Carl Wilson's guitar playing was pretty much the standard (\\"God Only Knows\\" & \\"Wouldn't It Be Nice\\" were their current chart toppers).  The Beatles had been around a couple of years and it was clear that, whatever other qualities their music had, George Harrison's guitary playing wasn't going to set the world on fire (\\"Paperback Writer\\" & \\"Rain\\" were their current hits) and even Brian Jones wasn`t really showing much on the Stone`s record releases.  Motown's singers dominated the super-professional rhythm & blues musicians who \\"made\\" the Motown sound in anonymity and without solo spots.  Folk rock & Pop (\\"Turn Down Day\\" - Cyrkle, \\"Georgie Girl\\" - The Seekers, and Herman's Hermits) were the mainstream.      Amidst all this, a group called the Yardbirds had a song \\"Over, Under, Sideways, Down\\" following up \\"For Your Love\\" - a somewhat surprising driving ballad with a `rock' harpsichord and, at the end, a blazing downscale guitar arpeggio that, unless you were listening to guitar players, probably escaped notice but which, if you had been listening, was something really unexpected.  If you bought their album \\"Having A Rave Up With the Yardbirds\\" you found that guitar credits were given to Eric Clapton & Jeff Beck.  The album featured some blues cuts and, if they appealed to you, you began searching out more of this \\"blues music\\".  If you liked Keith Relf's singing & harmonica playing you bought a harmonica and tended to play blues licks on it as you walked the streets of downtown Denver in the summer of `66.  After all, Carl Wilson was pretty much as good as lead guitar got back then (at least in white audience's airplay), and harp seemed the dominant blues instrument.  Having considered myself something of a rock connoisseur at the ripe age of 17 (after all, I had been listening since 1955) I had a number of local record shops that I stopped in regularly to see `what's new'.  One day that summer I was offered a couple of albums by \\"unknowns\\" that had just come in but that featured white harp players and were said to have pretty good guitar players too:  \\"The Paul Butterfield Blues Band with Michael Bloomfield\\" and \\"John Mayall and the Bluesbreakers with Eric Clapton\\".  Clapton?  Well, I'd heard that name before so I bought `em both and hurried home to listen.    Which to listen to first?  Let's see, there the British group with the Beatles' type haircuts and one guy reading a comic book with the unlikely title of \\"Beano\\" who, on the back cover has a guitar... hmmm, must be that Clapton guy.  They all look pretty harmless.  Then, there's the Butterfield group, from Chicago, who all look like they just got out of stir and are checking in with their P.O. (except Jerome Arnold, who looks so out of place). Whoa!  These guys look like blues guys... let's hear them first.    After that, several things were clear.  First, I needed to put my harp away `cause I had no idea of what Paul Butterfield was doing to get that sound and I never was.  Second, this guy, Mike Bloomfield (a Jewish bluesman? And what kind of name is \\"Elvin Bishop\\" - on rhythm guitar - anyway), knew more about guitar playing than anyone else I'd ever listened to up `till then and on the last cut his slide-type riffs on \\"Look Over Yonder's Wall\\" made me just jump up and yell!  Carl Wilson, eat your heart out!  There's a new sheriff in town. Still, Mike Bloomfield's guitar still sounded like a guitar (as we knew them then) and there was a discernable trail from what was being played on top-40 radio to what I heard from Bloomfield, not necessarily short or easy, but discernable.    Then came time to hear this British group... as the record ended I realized that the Earth had stopped turning!  It's hard, now - more than 40 years later - to describe the feeling of knowing you'd just listened to something that nobody in your city, or maybe even country, had ever heard before and after that, as they say, everything's going to be different from now on.  That difference was Eric Clapton's guitar playing.  Judging by the album photos, it was a Les Paul put through a Marshall amplifier and I have no idea about the electronic machinations beyond that.  The sensation though, was of this intense looking young fellow, Clapton, wrestling with vast and overwhelmingly threatening electronic power, just barely keeping it under control lest the feedback run away and destroy all life on Earth, while forcing it to bend and do his will.  And his will was the most fiery, screaming, moaning, pleading, dexterous, and technically proficient guitar solos recorded in rock music to that time. Prior to that, nobody had released a record with the guitar pushed to its electronic limits. Prior to that, there were no rock guitar virtuosos (or heroes) whose skill and musical depth allowed them to dominate not just a song, but an entire album.  Prior to that, there were no of an electric guitar player pushing himself and his instrument to their absolute limits and then just a little bit more, and pulling it off... brilliantly.  It was no wonder that \\"Clapton Is God\\" graffiti started showing up all over England.  It was stunning.    All the cuts have their own little wonders in them but, for my money, \\"Hideaway\\" is the outstanding virtuoso performance on the album, and in the history of electric blues guitar.  It's all there, the sound, the licks, the runs, and the musical history. The song is an entire history of blues guitar and also a complete lesson in playing electric blues.  By the way, there's no \\"blues-rock\\" on this album.  It's all \\"Electric Blues\\"... just like Butterfield & Bloomfield.  It's the real deal and the same could have been heard on Chicago's South Side if you'd known then to go there to find it - Clapton, Bloomfield, Mayall, and Butterfield did know it.  \\"Ramblin' On My Mind\\" is Clapton's public acknowledgment and ode to Robert Johnson (and his first released vocal as well) with a slow, easy, and tasteful guitar part.  As a group effort, \\"Have You Heard About My Baby\\" is superb and probably the album`s best overall track.  Mayall's wheezing echoed vocal lends an eerie distance to the music reminiscent of Son House's \\"Death Letter\\", his Hammond B-3 (also wheezing) fills the voids, and Clapton's guitar solos tell you about pain.  I could go on but suffice to say that it's a great, ground-breaking, album filled with little joys (like Clapton giving George Harrison a guitar lesson by riffing the guitar theme from \\"Ticket To Ride\\" as part of his solo in their cover of Ray Charles' \\"What'd I Say\\") that keep rewarding the repeat listener.  John McVie (later to become half of the \\"Mac\\" in \\"Fleetwood-Mac\\") and Hughie Flint provide an adequate if prosaic rhythm section but, naturally, neither they nor John Mayall are the essence of this recording.    It wasn't long after that before all guitars became overamped and guitar virtuosity took a giant leap ahead. Sadly, there was no follow-on Mayall-Clapton album but rumors of a new \\"super-group\\" called Cream were in the mill and Clapton was supposed to be in it.  Meanwhile \\"Are You Experienced?\\" was released and Jimi Hendrix established a new paradigm in rock guitar playing.  Cream released Disraeli Gears but the Clapton solos one expected weren't there.  If you listened closely, there were hints (kind of like back in the Yardbirds days) of Clapton's fire but the whole tone of the album was not that of electric blues... not that it's not a great album - I still enjoy it.  Then Cream released \\"Wheels of Fire\\" with the signature live track of \\"Crossroads\\" (and to a lesser extent, Spoonful) in which Clapton's fire and finesse make an all too brief final bow.  As time passed his playing became more and more restrained until, on \\"Delaney and Bonnie and Friends\\" it seemed almost an afterthought.  His playing has rebounded from that time and he's gone on with a stellar career as the premier rock-blues electric guitar player but, to my mind (and he's been on record for years as saying he hates hearing this) his best work was on the Blues Breaker's album.    I've often reflected on why that may be and, to me, it seems that at that time he'd reached a maturity and mastery of his technical skills, filled his mental musical library with all the blues music he'd listened to before, heard in his mind a sound he wanted to project and had the technical ability to do it and, most importantly perhaps, had nothing to live up to, nothing to loose.  He was free to `let her rip' and see what happened, take chances because those who were really listening were a limited few and the consequences of failing were low.  He could just let it all out.  After that, he'd set a mark his listeners would always expect him to achieve, and the risks if he failed were greater so the restraint increased and the musical risk-taking decreased.    Consequently, John Mayall and the Bluesbreakers with Eric Clapton is a musical snapshot of a unique moment in the history of electric-blues, rock & roll, and contemporary electric guitar.  It is essential to anyone seriously interested in how what you listen to today came to be but more importantly, it`s just a great album to listen to.  I still put it on every few years or so... just to keep it in mind.
0140277447|5.0|The bestial massacre of Nanking is by any standards one of the worst evil deeds in the history of mankind. Hundreds of thousands of men, women, children and babies were brutally slaughtered in a few weeks. For those who will (or can) not read this book only one example: babies were impaled on bayonets and thrown in boiling water. Even the dead didn't receive a human treatment. Their bodies were thrown to the dogs as food.    How (was) is it possible that part of mankind sank back into such unlimited barbarism?   The author sees different reasons:  Religion: the emperor was a god and `next to the emperor all individual life was valueless.'  Politics: Japan was an unchequed authoritarian regime dominated by the military.  Racism: the Japanese considered themselves as a master-race, with a virulent contempt for the Chinese.  Education (military) and indoctrination: teenagers were molded into killing machines.'  As one soldier put is: `In Nanking everyone became a demon within three months.'    What happened in Nanking was received jubilantly by the jingoist Japanese press. Newspapers even published the outcome of a decapitation contest. The events were also covered internationally, but it was `frightening to see how easily mankind can accept genocides.'  In sharp contrast with the unmoved international community, a courageous group of foreigners created a safety zone saving thousands of Chinese lives.    Japan has a moral obligation to present at least an official apology for what happened during the war. `Nanking was only a fraction of the totality of the atrocities committed.'  The culprits received pensions and benefits, while the victims who survived continue to suffer shame, poverty and chronic physical and mental pains.    This book is a truly exceptional illustration (also graphically) of how the thin veneer of civilization can be broken.  Highly recommended, but only for those with a strong stomach.
1400096936|5.0|Don Winslow's other novels are all fairly fast reads.  This is a dense and somewhat long novel with a host of characters that tackles the subject of drug cartels like no other novel that I have ever read.  More specifically it tackles the subject of Mexican Drug Cartels.  I was constantly reminded of \\"The Godfather\\" with the novels epic scope and its' liberal borrowing of true events that have been fictionalized.  At the end one wonders which of the supposedly fictional events where one does not know of a historical parallel are also based on truth.  I believe that this is the best Winslow novel that I have read to date, and I love the guys work.  I am guessing that the remaining works of his that I have not read won't come close to this wonderful novel.  It is perhaps the most violent novel that I have ever read and it is not for the faint hearted. This masterpiece spans continents and decades to create the epic scope so succesfully. I hope that Scorcese tackles this book after he finishes doing Frankie Machine with Robert DeNiro.  Winslow is the best \\"undiscovered\\" novelist writing today.  And I do believe the undiscovered adjective still fits, but hopefully not for long.
B000MTPANQ|5.0|This album illustrates like no other Neil Young at one of his peaks of artisic explosions.  The high melodies of such songs as \\"Old Man\\" soar easily.  Imagine being there when he was 25 years old and writing songs faster than he could record them. This album is like a time machine and the next best thing to having bought a ticket to see the Massey Hall performance.
B000PMG16U|5.0|I wish Lucasfilm would step up and release a The Prequel Trilogy on the Blu-ray format and drive more nails into the coffin of the desperate folks on the side of the HD-DVD format.<br /><br />300 on Blu-Ray has shown that enough units can be sold to make this a profitable and worthwhile venture.  Just as Microsft hopes to move more XBOX 360 consoles by lowering the price and making Halo 3 an XBOX 360 only title, Lucasfilm and Fox could further the adoption of a single High Def DVD format by supporting Blu-Ray just like Fight Club from Fox and The Matrix from Warner Brothers did on DVD.<br /><br />We know that they will release the discs 6,7,8 or more times and make enough money, so George like Luke said to Leia while dangling from Cloud City in Empire, \\"Hear me\\" and hear the others who don't want to keep watching our Cinemax or HBO HD Tivo'ed copies of the trilogy.<br /><br />We want them on High Def, on Blu-ray, with extra features, the other gag reels not shown to the public, alternate cuts of the films.<br /><br />Be innovative and not last to the dance LFL LTD.
B000UDJS2S|1.0|I expected this movie to be, well...comical. So my expectations were not that high when I rented it. I really expected some great special effects and something worth turning up the surround sound. But the movie just sucks. I had a hard time watching it. The special effects were lame. (The ghost rider's flaming skull was laughable.) The plot is almost as bad as the fight scenes. It's one of those movies where you have to wonder if the actors even read the plot before they agreed to do it. (And I'm not just a Cage hater) If you want to see a movie about someone fighting evil watch Constantine or Blade.
B000PMLFRA|5.0|I wish Lucasfilm would step up and release a The Original Trilogy on the Blu-ray format and drive more nails into the coffin of the desperate folks on the side of the HD-DVD format.<br /><br />300 on Blu-Ray has shown that enough units can be sold to make this a profitable and worthwhile venture.  Just as Microsft hopes to move more XBOX 360 consoles by lowering the price and making Halo 3 an XBOX 360 only title, Lucasfilm and Fox could further the adoption of a single High Def DVD format by supporting Blu-Ray just like Fight Club from Fox and The Matrix from Warner Brothers did on DVD.<br /><br />We know that they will release the discs 6,7,8 or more times and make enought money, so George like Luke said to Leia while dangling from Cloud City in Empire, \\"Hear me\\" and hear the others who don't want to keep watching our Cinemax or HBO HD Tivo'ed copies of the trilogy.<br /><br />We want them on High Def, on Blu-ray, with extra features, The Biggs Scenes, The Wampas in Echo Base and the first alternate cut of A New Hope.
0061122416|1.0|I had never heard of this book when I bought it at the airport.  After the first fifty pages I was hoping for a \\"Siddhartha\\" but it ended up being a \\"Celestine Prophecy.\\"  In other words, instead of simply yet beautifully written and a great piece of literature, it was trite and poorly written with  a cheesy new-age plot.  Ok for kids but any adult who is a fan should look up Herman Hesse and step it up about 10 levels.
1594489505|5.0|This book was fantastic.  I read it in one sitting.  This book was a great page turner.  I have passed it around to a few friends, and it has been a big hit.  Read this book.  It sheds some light on the lives of Middle Eastern people, and I know as an American, some of us do not realize how some these people are being treated.
B000002P5W|5.0|This record really changed my life. In one night, I no longer listed to anything metal, as this record cued me into how great music could really be. I just did not know.......I was into Metalica (who are great, dont get me wrong)and other heavier stuff, but after the night I heard this record on headphones, it took 10 years to even want to hear Metalica again, or anything I was listening to in the mid 80's. Axis Bold as Love on headphones is such an amazing experience. It led to listening to other great music, like Dylan, Stevie Ray Vaughn, Beach Boys,... Like I said, I just did not know music could be this good until Jimi clued me in. As far as this being as good as his other three studio records, this one will always be his best to me. It is just masterful.
B00062IVKS|4.0|Raging Bull, is a good period piece, it shows why Boxing lost popularity. From the kitchen scene near the start till the end Raging Bull is emotional and believable. The worst beating doesnt come in the ring. The way the fights went made me hate the promoters and Ray Robinson. Its hard to like Jake but....
0143038419|5.0|This book inspired me to continue on my own journey of self discovery; it gave me confidence that I was on the right track; it provided comfort in that I am not alone in having irrational thoughts and it gave me strength to believe in myself, to maintain my integrity, to be patient, to have faith and know that I have the ability and am in control of my future.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|I managed to catch this film just before it finished its brief run at a local theater here in Chicago, and I'm so glad I made the trip.  I can't say that I know what the movie is about, and I have to be honest:  I don't care (though I enjoy reading the different perspectives among filmgoers who DO have their ideas on what it's really about).  If the purpose of a good film or piece of music is to provoke an emotional response out of the viewer/listener, then \\"Inland Empire\\" achieved this in spades, and this makes it a terrific film in my view.  I was fully riveted for all three hours and was not bored for one single minute.  And it's unlike any film I've ever seen before.<br /><br />I'll concede right away it's not for everyone - but I truly believe it to be something special and really love it.  Laura Dern's performance is something else, and I can't think of another well-known American actress who would be bold enough to approach a role like this (though Julianne Moore comes to mind), much less put their trust in Lynch as Dern does here, and has done so before.<br /><br />And though this is in digital video, I still found it to be filmed in a rich kind of way.  Not sumptuous like \\"Mulholland Drive\\" (probably my favorite Lynch film of all), but still with the same care I believe Lynch puts into any of his films.  The use of sound is great too.  Also, though I read in a local film review about one scene where \\"you'll want to scream...you probably will\\", I was still not prepared for the impact.  I actually thought I'd already seen the moment in question, but was I ever wrong!  When it did happen, I was frozen in my seat - a really frightening combination of sound and image that's hard to get out of your head.<br /><br />I still think about this movie every day or so - it really stays with you.  Again, not for everybody, not by a longshot.  But so glad I saw it and look forward to viewing it again at home.
B0001GL3K4|5.0|For lovers, for losers, for those with unrequited love--there is a relationship here for everyone (and a reminder of all those nasty office wenches who try to steal other people's husbands!).  A delightful film, start to finish.  (And how could it not be, what with Liam Neeson?)
B000R4SMCW|3.0|A tale of a clearly guilty man taunting a opportunistic young lawyer, the plot \\"twist\\" at the end you could see a mile away. Through out, the amazing amount of unethical and improper behavior makes you very unsympathetic to the young lawyer and rooting for Hopkins to get away with the crime.<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins is a a great actor and I have enjoyed watching him play a diversity of roles. This one was a bit \\"Hannibal\\" creepy, someone whose detachment from reality is a bit inconsistent with the crime of passion of which he is accused.<br /><br />Straight forward with real dialog and no special effects, it makes for a pleasant departure from the massively computerized movies of today. Worth the fee to rent but not to own.
1594489505|5.0|Hosseini dedicates this novel, in part, to the women of Afghanistan.  In fact, it is a tribute to women globally who have been oppressed and abused, whether physically, emotionally, or politically.  Like Michael Dorris with A Yellow Raft in Blue Water, Hosseini skillfully offers us the inner turmoil of women who are often powerless to change their circumstances and so must endure life as it is.  Somehow, they find a way. While I think the readership for this particular novel will be predominately women, I would hope that men would find the courage to read it in order to raise their awareness of the status of women everywhere, including the United States.  On a more critical note: Hosseini has so beautifully rendered the stories of these women, it's hard to imagine what he will do next--but let's hope it is soon.
B0000C9JCM|1.0|Despite the fact just one (1) tune is played on this entire CD, I promise you won't be bored if you love  Pachelbel's Canon as much as I. Interpreted by a variety of artists--one rendition even has a vocal accompaniment--the Canon never grows tiring, never grows old. Wonderful background music for just sitting around the house, reading, or as a backdrop for an intimate social event or evening.     Buy it! You'll love it!!    NOTE: This was supposed to be a 5-star rating. I'm new at this.......
0761145613|5.0|I've used family style calendars since my kids were in grade school - just packed off one to university yesterday.  I cannot live without the space to put everyone's schedule since I am responsible for getting everyone to where they need to go.<br /><br />My only gripe is that Boynton is too young for me now.  Flavia used to make this exact same calendar and it had beautiful illustrations.  If I could get the Flavia calendar I would (can always hope) but I like the organization and this seems to be the only calendar that has it.  So I buy it anyway, but if any calendar publishers are listening please make this format in NON-preschool form.
0743289684|5.0|Infidel is highly recommended for those who want to know more about the enslavement of women by the Muslim religion. I have read a number of books by Muslim women, but Ali's biography really came through as to the reality of how religion can enslave women. They have no rights and are no better than being a drudge for the male. The Q'uran may say one thing, however the application of it is totally different. I recently attended the Third International Women's Peace Conference in Dallas, Texas and met both Muslim women and also women from Africa who had similar tales as Ayaan Hirsi Ali. Her description of genital mutilation was very vivid. I found it hard to believe that civilized people could cut the clitoris and part of the labia from a young girl and then sew the sides together, leaving only a small opening for the husband to insert his penis. In many cases the scar tissue had to be cut and the young girl bled profusely. Her biography is not a pretty story, but should be read by all men and women. The brutality she suffered should not be condonned by any group, family or culture. This applies to all women. I call her a warrior woman because she had the drive to move away from brutality and enslavement. She should be an icon to all Muslim women and African women of all cultures for her courage. Bettye Johnson, award-winning author, Secrets of the Magdalene Scrolls.
B00005JO20|1.0|It certainly seemed like a recipe for a winner to have modern CGI special effects in support of a remake of the classic story and an obviously talented and capable director at the helm.  What was produced was a movie that actually increased my appreciation of the 1976 version.  When it starts out in New York it is really slow, slow, without anything really required, most of it could have been cut out.  Then on the island it gets ridiculous, as they get involved with stampeding dinosaurs tumbling down the cliff, and swinging Tyrannosaurs; everything that should have been so much better than the SFX-scarce 76 version was orchestrated so poorly and with so little inspiration, that you start wondering how much longer it can go on.  Finally they return to more silliness back in New York, with the ape himself sliding on the ice with the girl.  Apart from the problem of making Kong merely a scaled-up silverback gorilla, who shows all the subtlety and charm of a...gorilla, you can't wait for pilots to get on with it and kill the poor thing so the movie will end.  Long, long, and nothing of note.  Who could have believed that this would be such a lousy film.  Perhaps to be loved only by great Kong fans who want to believe this is a treasure.  A great testament to the all the problems with Hollywood films today.
B000050HTO|5.0|I recommend this CD as a must have.  You will have spent your money very well.  Excellent songs on both CDs as well as excellent pictures inside.  However, I recommend that you do not stop with this one CD as Bob Dylan is a far reaching composer.  There are still many more excellent number ones to be found.  I recommend the bootleg series #1-3 and the bootleg series #7--as well as other CDs if you really want a true earful of excellent music.  I don't know why the song ISIS is never mentioned as one of his very best as I do consider it one of my number ones--FOR SURE--as it never ceases to amaze me in its excellence--even a tad better than Blind Willie McTell that brought me to tears for at least the first 10 times I listened to this song. You will still find amazingly good number one songs in the bootleg series--his early albums and even still further on.  I do very much recommend this one two CD package as a cornerstone, but there are still many more marvels yet to be found.<br /><br />Nadia
B000M5B6Q0|4.0|I loved the movie except the parts focusing on the Budha and on the teen girl's singing.  I thought that was a bad influence on \\"real world\\" teens, and on children.  The rest of the movie was fantastic though.  its great to see Hugh Grant in a slightly different role than usual and he was very funny as a Pop Star.
0894803123|5.0|I bought this to use with my new ice cream maker and love it! It gives a fun history of Ben & Jerry's plus some great recipes. If you have an ice cream maker, you need this book.
B00005JP5P|5.0|The first 2/3 of this movie were brilliant.  The last 1/3 was the \\"race against time versus a madman\\" that tapped traits of Freddy Krueger and the Alien(tm) combined, but it all wrapped up pretty well I thought -- even a bit of \\"Dr. Strangelove\\" at the end.  It was a beautifully rendered movie, and even though on a 1-10 scale I'd give it a 9 because of its somewhat minor flaws and predictable ways it fabricated suspense, on a 1-5 scale, the equivalent rating (4.5 out of 5)...you'd have to round it up.  I'm only sad that I can't seem to locate the soundtrack score anywhere, it was beautiful music that permeated the movie at its varying points -- the only passage I didn't care for ran during the very end credits.
B000PFUA9G|5.0|My local paper gave this album 2 out of 4 stars, which made me hesitate in purchasing this. Then I read the online reviews and went for it. If anything, this is a standard Brad Paisley album, which is why I am a huge fan of his. Like all the albums before it, it comes with your standard catchy songs that you can't get out of your head and some serious songs that keep the album grounded. I have been a Paisley fan for awhile now and I am so glad I bought this cd. If you have liked his previous albums, I do think you will enjoy this one as much as I do!
0553582461|5.0|(Note:  This review is for the whole series not just this final chapter) This book ends the tale of the Farseers which began with the Assassin series and is one of those rare epic tales that you rarely get to read.  You get to travel a mans whole life and its culmination is most satisfying.  It is probably one of the few series I have ever enjoyed that I hope ends here with no additional sequels it is done so well.  The character has earned a well deserved rest   I would recommend that any reader start with the Assassin series and end with the Tawny Man series (6 books) and you will understand the unbelievable highs and lows of an epic life in fantasy.  All I can say to Robin Hobb is thanks for a job well done and a tale that surpassed all my expectations and surprised me anytime I thought I knew what was coming next.
B000R4SMCW|4.0|Anthony Hopkins and Ryan Gosling do a great job playing their parts in this psychological thriller. Hopkins is quite effective as a wealthy husband that becomes jealous of his wifes affair with a police officer. He in fact murders her in cold blood. But he is quite clever in hiding the evidence. So much so that the movie will revolve around finding the murder weapon. Gosling is believable as an up and coming attorney for the DAs office that has his sights on a large law firm. It will cloud his judgement when dealing with Hopkin's trial. Hopkins at first pretends to be incompetent or insane but adeptly acts as his own counsel at another point. I highly recommend this dark and clever movie. It includes two clever and unique endings and the picture and sound are excellent. If you enjoyed it be sure to catch a few of his movies like \\"The Edge\\", \\"Instinct\\", \\"Guilty Conscience\\", and \\"Magic\\".
B000SW16LC|4.0|My husband and I own both this version and the original and every year we watch both and every year we cannot decide which one we like best.   We prefer some aspects of the story in this version- like the courtroom scene and the final scenes. However, we prefer some of the original actors and certainly the original Santa.   Overall, a great movie and a must see.
B000UX6THK|5.0|It is almost impossible to overemphasize the importance of TWIN PEAKS in the history of television.  Although the eighties saw enormous strides in Quality Television, beginning with HILL STREET BLUES and continuing with series like CHINA BEACH, ST. ELSEWHERE, and L.A. LAW, none of these series took television took TV to the next level.  To be honest, neither did TWIN PEAKS, since Season Two failed to deliver on the almost dizzying potential shown in Season One, but it clearly revealed television as a medium with more potential than anyone had ever imagined.<br /><br />In my own take on the history of television, the full maturation of serial narrative television comes in four stages, each one represented by four key television series.  Stage One was the debut of HILL STREET BLUES, with its intertwining of multiple story arcs.  Previous to HSB, there had been no critically acclaimed series to leave conflict unresolved each week.  Series worked exclusively in episodic format, wrapping up every major plot detail by the end of each episode, and with all the characters magically forgetting everything that had happened in the week before.  There were multiple reasons for this, one of them being that the pure episodic format allowed networks to repeat episodes in any order, since together they did not tell a story.  But HILL STREET BLUES, while it did not tell very long stories, always had multiple arcs that took 3 to 6 episodes to resolve.  It was a dramatic improvement on previous television narrative.  Stage Two came with TWIN PEAKS and the idea that you could use a series to tell a very, very long story over the course of one or more seasons.  Unfortunately, despite an inconceivably exciting and very short Season One, TWIN PEAKS fell apart in its second season as unresolved mystery was piled on top of a series of other unresolved mysteries.  By the end of Season Two viewers had been given few answers but had been presented with a staggering number of questions.  More on the consequences of this in a bit.  Stage Three was represented by THE X-FILES, which like TWIN PEAKS took a very long story arc over the course of several seasons, as over six years the series told a story of alien colonization and government collusion.  Unlike TWIN PEAKS, the series provided answers, but like TWIN PEAKS it succumbed to internal contradictions and narrative confusions.  As X-FILES creator Chris Carter admitted, they were more or less making up the mythology episodes as they went along.  Also, while Mulder and Scully were riveting characters, the series was insufficiently concerned with character development and more concerned with plot.  The correct blend had not yet been found.  Stage Four came with BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER, which perfectly blended long-term character development with very long story arcs.  In developing the series LOST, Damon Lindelhof has stated that their writers would watch TWIN PEAKS and THE X-FILES in order to be aware of the pitfalls befalling long narrative serial dramas and BUFFY to observe the correct balance between narrative and character development.<br /><br />[Usually at this point a BABYLON 5 fan will interject that B5 also introduced a long, character-based narrative into television.  My reply is always that B5 took place in its own little universe, no pun intended.  While THE X-FILES and BUFFY were changing the way TV envisioned the way to handle narrative, B5 was on, but it apparently had little or no influence on any other shows.  I've never been able to discover another series that seems to have been indebted to B5, not even FARSCAPE, which seems to owe far more to BUFFY.  So B5 aside, my point stands.]<br /><br />TWIN PEAKS represented both TV at its best and its worst.  Season One of TWIN PEAKS might be the most perfect season in the history of television.  It was only a few episodes long, but each episode was more exciting than watching most movies.  Prior to TWIN PEAKS all television was about talk.  Thefocus of every show was on people standing around talking.  Ironically for a visual medium, the visual was curiously unimportant.  MIAMI VICE had anticipated many of the achievements of TWIN PEAKS by bringing the purely visual and aural elements of television to the forefront and by making silence -- mainly through the long, pregnant, almost overwhelming pauses of Edward James Olmos -- a significant part of the surface of television.  But TWIN PEAKS made the specifically visual and aural elements of the show critically important in a way never before seen on TV.  It was more like watching ballet than viewing anything else that had ever before appeared on the small screen.  Unfortunately, all the magnificence of Season One was rapidly destroyed by the increasingly incoherent and self-indulgent second season.  Not that there were not some wonderful moments in the second season, but more and more as the season went on, at least toward the end when Lynch and Frost seem to have realized that things had gone too far, the show devolved into chaos.  Still, the genie was out of the bottle.  Regardless of what the show became in Season Two, Season One had already altered the history of television.<br /><br />TWIN PEAKS is also, more than any other series, responsible for introducing surrealism into prime time.  Although NORTHERN EXPOSURE (which was filmed only a few miles away from where TWIN PEAKS was -- the two series in fact featured opposite sides of the same mountain range in their background shots -- NORTHERN EXPOSURE also made an explicit shout out to TWIN PEAKS near the end of its first season) started off odd, it didn't become truly surreal until after TWIN PEAKS enormous success.  Without the magnificent strangeness of TWIN PEAKS we might never have gotten the oddity that we found in shows like ALLY McBEAL.<br /><br />Famously, the reason we have never seen a complete collection of TWIN PEAKS before was that the rights to the pilot was held by a different production company.  An oddly truncated edition of Season One was briefly available, but without the initial, and utterly glorious, pilot, it just didn't seem right.  The pilot was available separately, but the quality was so low as to be more irritating than satisfying.  Now we will finally get the entire series together in one wonderful set.was on people standing around talking.  Ironically for a visual medium, the visual was curiously unimportant.  MIAMI VICE had anticipated many of the achievements of TWIN PEAKS by bringing the purely visual and aural elements of television to the forefront and by making silence -- mainly through the long, pregnant, almost overwhelming pauses of Edward James Olmos -- a significant part of the surface of television.  But TWIN PEAKS made the specifically visual and aural elements of the show critically important in a way never before seen on TV.  It was more like watching ballet than viewing anything else that had ever before appeared on the small screen.  Unfortunately, all the magnificence of Season One was rapidly destroyed by the increasingly incoherent and self-indulgent second season.  Not that there were not some wonderful moments in the second season, but more and more as the season went on, at least toward the end when Lynch and Frost seem to have realized that things had gone too far, the show devolved into chaos.  Still, the genie was out of the bottle.  Regardless of what the show became in Season Two, Season One had already altered the history of television.    TWIN PEAKS is also, more than any other series, responsible for introducing surrealism into prime time.  Although NORTHERN EXPOSURE (which was filmed only a few miles away from where TWIN PEAKS was -- the two series in fact featured opposite sides of the same mountain range in their background shots -- NORTHERN EXPOSURE also made an explicit shout out to TWIN PEAKS near the end of its first season) started off odd, it didn't become truly surreal until after TWIN PEAKS enormous success.  Without the magnificent strangeness of TWIN PEAKS we might never have gotten the oddity that we found in shows like ALLY McBEAL.      Famously, the reason we have never seen a complete collection of TWIN PEAKS before was that the rights to the pilot was held by a different production company.  An oddly truncated edition of Season One was briefly available, but without the initial, and utterly glorious, pilot, it just didn't seem right.  The pilot was available separately, but the quality was so low as to be more irritating than satisfying.  Now we will finally get the entire series together in one wonderful set.
B00005JPAO|4.0|The joy of this great piece of cinema is watching the violent collision of two parallel worlds coexisting in the present-day UK, the world of upper-class Victorian privilege and devotion to duty inhabited by the UK Royal Family, complete with its huntin', shootin', fishin', and the everyday world of all the rest of us. This is brilliantly captured in this film, especially with the flashes between the mannered, genteel Royal household and the chaotic, refreshingly normal Blair household.<br /><br />The scenes in which collision first occurs are priceless; the slightly gauche young Tony Blair, fresh from a landslide General Election victory, confronts his Sovereign whose first Prime Minister was Winston Churchill, the anti-Royalist Cherie Blair sways in an incredibly precarious curtsey and then the Blairs back out of The Presence in the most awkward manner, because nobody turns his or her back on HM (\\"And it's \\"Ma'am\\", as in \\"ham\\", not \\"Marm\\" as in \\"farm\\", as a uniformed flunkey reminds them).<br /><br />The greater collision was triggered by the death of Diana, and the sudden realisation by the Royals that something more than regal aloofness and stiff upper lips were necessary. Having apparently grown up with an assumption of the right to rule as their due and that the public would soon see things their way, the Windsors were suddenly confronted by the fact that the public saw Diana differently and what it thought of her - and them - mattered very much. In the end, you are left with the impression that Elizabeth Windsor, with the urging of Tony Blair, had learned something - but could perhaps usefully learn a bit more.<br /><br />This is naturally a work of fiction - the Queen basically adheres very well to the formula of Walter Bagehot, the great 19th century editor of \\"The Economist\\", that not too much light should be allowed in for fear of destroying the magic, and so never gives interviews and rarely allows personal glimpses. We therefore have no idea as to what was said and thought. However, I found it all works extremely well. All the actors are excellent, especially Helen Mirren, thoroughly meriting her Oscar and proving that there really is nothing like a Dame. She manages marvellously the complex part of Elizabeth II, by the grace of God, Sovereign of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Defender of the Faith, etc., etc, etc., with its mixture of absolute devotion to duty, traditional values, conservatism, basic shyness and elitism. James Cromwell does a good job of Prince Philip, whose idea of helping Diana's sons cope with her death is to take them out to shoot things, Sylvia Sims makes a delightful Queen Mother and  Charles is given a sympathetic portrayal, although it's a pity that they didn't get someone who looks more like him (but then, who would want to?).<br /><br />All in all, a very good film which leaves one (this one anyway) wondering why the ordinary British people accept with relatively little complaint this bunch of toffs with virtually nothing in common with them (same number of heads, arms, ears, etc., but that's all) as their rulers. But then, the US public has recently twice voted into its Presidency the US equivalent of royalty, who has nothing in common with them and whose sole interest is lining the pockets of other rich guys. At least the Brits have (genuine) class. Perhaps they really have the right idea.However, I found it all works extremely well. All the actors are excellent, especially Helen Mirren, thoroughly meriting her Oscar and proving that there really is nothing like a Dame. She manages marvellously the complex part of Elizabeth II, by the grace of God, Sovereign of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Defender of the Faith, etc., etc, etc., with its mixture of absolute devotion to duty, traditional values, conservatism, basic shyness and elitism. James Cromwell does a good job of Prince Philip, whose idea of helping Diana's sons cope with her death is to take them out to shoot things, Sylvia Sims makes a delightful Queen Mother and  Charles is given a sympathetic portrayal, although it's a pity that they didn't get someone who looks more like him (but then, who would want to?).      All in all, a very good film which leaves one (this one anyway) wondering why the ordinary British people accept with relatively little complaint this bunch of toffs with virtually nothing in common with them (same number of heads, arms, ears, etc., but that's all) as their rulers. But then, the US public has recently twice voted into its Presidency the US equivalent of royalty, who has nothing in common with them and whose sole interest is lining the pockets of other rich guys. At least the Brits have (genuine) class. Perhaps they really have the right idea.
B000PTYPAC|5.0|Up until the day I heard \\"Misery Business\\", I had never heard of Paramore. Since buying the album, I haven't been able to stop listening to it. I honestly love every track with my favorite being \\"CruchCrushCrush\\". There isn't any other band I can compare this group to which is a good thing.
B00006AW2M|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />\\"Their Satanic Majesties Request\\" saw the light of day in November of 1967 and to this day brings the most spirited debate of its merits than all other Brian Jones era music combined!<br /><br />When you engross yourself in the myriad of reviews through 40 years you'll notice that many on the negative side aren't taking issue with the songs but the departure of the previous Jagger/Richards formula and the idea of following the Beatles-\\"Sgt. Pepper.\\"<br /><br />The criticism is highly unjustified.  Abandoning your previous output of genius is certainly acceptable if the results don't tarnish the past and how do you fault any band from emulating a Beatles album?<br /><br />\\"Their Satanic Majesties Request\\" is musically phenomenal in the consistency of the compositions and nothing that the ears absorb show the ten tracks sounding forced or uneven.<br /><br />\\"Sing This All Together\\" lays the groundwork for the eventful journey.  As Jagger delivers the message for the album the music perfectly blends to make for a superlative track.  Especially on the remastered version you can experience the guitar mix as if you were at the control room board.  \\"Citadel\\" turns up the psychedelic volume a few notches and the energy level is hard to surpass.  \\"In Anther Land\\" gives us a track penned by Bill Wyman and the additional treat to hear him deliver the words.  \\"2000 Man\\" is brilliant.  Jagger's vocal inflection and the guitars are without flaw.  How about the way Mick throws us a curve and sings \\"And my kids don't understand?\\"  Putting himself in the role of the older generation that was often criticized by the 60's rockers.  \\"Sing This All Together\\" makes a return but this time it is titled \\"Sing This All Together\\" (See What Happens) and stretched from 3:46 to over eight minutes.  \\"The Lantern\\" reaffirms the synergy between Jagger's vocals and the instrumentation.  \\"Gomper\\" may surprise you for the skillful results of landing in the realm of a George Harrison Rubber Soul/Revolver composition.  \\"2000 Light Years From Home\\" can create the moods of hypnotic, magical, and haunting all in a matter of a few notes from the keyboards.  Ending the festivities as if you are listening to a barker from the circus \\"On With The Show.\\"  A rather ironic title since it sadly signifies the end to some of the best forty plus minutes that will emanate from a CD.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"ms the synergy between Jagger's vocals and the instrumentation.  \\"Gomper\\" may surprise you for the skillful results of landing in the realm of a George Harrison Rubber Soul/Revolver composition.  \\"2000 Light Years From Home\\" can create the moods of hypnotic, magical, and haunting all in a matter of a few notes from the keyboards.  Ending the festivities as if you are listening to a barker from the circus \\"On With The Show.\\"  A rather ironic title since it sadly signifies the end to some of the best forty plus minutes that will emanate from a CD.          Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B000MV8AE0|5.0|I really did not think I would like this movie.  I'm glad I gave it a try.    What a pleasant surprise.  This is an \\"alternate reality\\" version of Beethoven, including people that might have existed -- should have existed -- but didn't.    It is not history.  It is more like a song about history.    Beautiful music, beautiful ideas, and beautiful people.  If you are worried about historical accuracy you should avoid it.  If you approach it as a \\"might-have-been\\" history you will love it.
067003830X|5.0|The Brain That Changes Itself is a collection of fascinating stories that shows the plasticity of the brain.  For much of history, it was believed that the brain you were born with was hardwired and you were pretty much stuck with what you had at birth.  Doidge has put together an interesting collection of stories that demonstrate that 1) the brain is indeed very plastic and 2) we have just begun to understand the capacity of the brain to change itself.<br /><br />Woven in with the different stories is the history of the scientific and medical community theories about the brain.  For most of history, it was accepted theory that the brain was hardwired.  The scientists that advanced new theories were met with collective resistance.  There was a real effort to cast the new theories as so much baloney.<br /><br />Fortunately for everyone, the new theory about the plasticity of the brain has proven correct.  There are stories of a woman who was born with half a brain but has learned to function in life.  There are heart warming stories of stroke victims who had gone through traditional rehabilitation but after extensive rehab based on the theory of the brain's plasticity have made remarkable additional improvements.<br /><br />It is well worth reading.  We truly do need a better understanding of our brain, how it works and what can be done when it is not functioning properly.  This book provides a great lesson in how the brain can change itself.
B00005JPLW|5.0|Hey, I'm a guy.  If a movie has blood and guts and action and beheadings and fighting and glory and heroism and at least one hot babe I'm gonna enjoy it.  That's just the way I am.  Plus all the guys in 300 are so buffed I'm stoked to work out more. . . maybe break out that loin cloth I've been storing in moth balls all these years.  And I just have to have a Spartan helmet; I'd look good in one, no doubt.<br /><br />I'm sure not into graphic novels, but that doesn't take away my enjoyment of 300, based on Frank Miller's bestseller.  Folks, this isn't historical accuracy (so get over yourselves)--this is visual entertainment at a graphic, artistic level.  And director Zack Snyder (who so reminds me of  college dorm-mates who always have cool stuff) delivers stunning visuals in spades:  From raw violence (in graphic slow motion, of course) to aesthetic motifs (all of it shot against green screen, then computer enhanced).  Based on an ancient tale of Spartan endurance and epic heroism, this movie hits the ground running and never, ever, lets up.<br /><br />Good stuff (for a guy).<br /><br />The cast is great:  As King Leonidas, Gerard Butler looks like he could swallow my pillow with his gaping jaw lines; David Wenham is exceptional as the story's narrator; Rodrigo Santoro creepy and campy as an androgynous Xerxes; and Lena Heady (as Queen Gorgo) is smokin' hot.  The second DVD to this special edition is well worth the time, as we get to climb into the heads of Miller, Snyder, Butler. . .and take another look at lovely Lena.  From film to special features, 300 delivers, again and again.  Sparta never looked so good.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, [[ASIN:1413406114 WALK-ON]]
0316067598|1.0|I am a former member of the military and an avid reader of non-fiction accounts of military events.    Despite the fact that this incident did receive mainstream media attention, there are differing accounts and definitely some controversy (according to experts on the fighting in Afghanistan, U.S. military officials, and the goat herder who rescued the lone survivor of a gun battle that took the lives of three of the SEALs.) Lt. Michael Murphy (the senior ranking officer and member of this team) has been nominated for the Medal of Honor for his actions during this incident (based on the official investigation from what I understand ), however, the account of events portrayed in this book may now actually tarnish his credentials to receive this honor. I suppose another \\"look\\" at the incident ala the Pat Tillman incident may really get the story correct once and for all.    Having said this, this book could have been written much better. The author exhibits a clear lack of military familiarity (of weapons/tactical mindset as well as the modesty, innate patriotism, & selflessness of the typical member of any \\"special forces\\") and seems more concerned with sensationalism and the narcissism of the lone survivor.      Currently, it seems that no one will ever really know what exactly happened on that fateful day, but I will rely (and suggest) on more reputable military, news and journalistic sites to surmise the events of the day before I lend this version the credence it requests.      The only question left unanswered for the lone survivior is: Did you even try to contact Mark Bowden (author of Black Hawk Down)?
B000QQFKYE|3.0|I'm a huge David Lynch fan but I really think he does much better making more mainstream movies and TV shows exploring the interplay between mainstream and experimental, dark and light, dream and reality.<br /><br />Mulholland Drive and Blue Velvet work in this way for example, but not Inland Empire. With one hour left to go in the film, I simply turned it off. I just didn't care what happened next, unlike Mulholland Drive, which kept me on the edge of my seat, Blue Velvet and even Eraserhead did too. But Inland Empire is 3 hours long of honey-tongued gibberish and despite what Lynch says, I still think he should have shot it with an HD camera rather than just a DV one. The scenes are too hard to watch, especially on a big screen being that pixellized. If the video quality was gorgeous to look at, I think I may have been able to sit through the entire 3 hour movie since the sound is gorgeous. But like I said, after about 2 hours, my eyes became too fatigued, my minding didn't care about the characters and I just wanted it to be over so I could watch the extras DVD.<br /><br />On the plus side the extras are highly engaging. I especially liked watching Lynch make his dinner. And hear him swear in the interview. That was really keen.
B000LX8OAY|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />\\"Their Satanic Majesties Request\\" saw the light of day in November of 1967 and to this day brings the most spirited debate of its merits than all other Brian Jones era music combined!<br /><br />When you engross yourself in the myriad of reviews through 40 years you'll notice that many on the negative side aren't taking issue with the songs but the departure of the previous Jagger/Richards formula and the idea of following the Beatles-\\"Sgt. Pepper.\\"<br /><br />The criticism is highly unjustified.  Abandoning your previous output of genius is certainly acceptable if the results don't tarnish the past and how do you fault any band from emulating a Beatles album?<br /><br />\\"Their Satanic Majesties Request\\" is musically phenomenal in the consistency of the compositions and nothing that the ears absorb show the ten tracks sounding forced or uneven.<br /><br />\\"Sing This All Together\\" lays the groundwork for the eventful journey.  As Jagger delivers the message for the album the music perfectly blends to make for a superlative track.  Especially on the remastered version you can experience the guitar mix as if you were at the control room board.  \\"Citadel\\" turns up the psychedelic volume a few notches and the energy level is hard to surpass.  \\"In Anther Land\\" gives us a track penned by Bill Wyman and the additional treat to hear him deliver the words.  \\"2000 Man\\" is brilliant.  Jagger's vocal inflection and the guitars are without flaw.  How about the way Mick throws us a curve and sings \\"And my kids don't understand?\\"  Putting himself in the role of the older generation that was often criticized by the 60's rockers.  \\"Sing This All Together\\" makes a return but this time it is titled \\"Sing This All Together\\" (See What Happens) and stretched from 3:46 to over eight minutes.  \\"The Lantern\\" reaffirms the synergy between Jagger's vocals and the instrumentation.  \\"Gomper\\" may surprise you for the skillful results of landing in the realm of a George Harrison Rubber Soul/Revolver composition.  \\"2000 Light Years From Home\\" can create the moods of hypnotic, magical, and haunting all in a matter of a few notes from the keyboards.  Ending the festivities as if you are listening to a barker from the circus \\"On With The Show.\\"  A rather ironic title since it sadly signifies the end to some of the best forty plus minutes that will emanate from a CD.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"ms the synergy between Jagger's vocals and the instrumentation.  \\"Gomper\\" may surprise you for the skillful results of landing in the realm of a George Harrison Rubber Soul/Revolver composition.  \\"2000 Light Years From Home\\" can create the moods of hypnotic, magical, and haunting all in a matter of a few notes from the keyboards.  Ending the festivities as if you are listening to a barker from the circus \\"On With The Show.\\"  A rather ironic title since it sadly signifies the end to some of the best forty plus minutes that will emanate from a CD.          Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B000AMJC2K|1.0|I bought this arm because it was very affordable and it's weight limit was well above the weight of my LCD. Out of the box one of the adjusting screws was so tight I twisted the metal wrench included trying to loosen it and stripped out the screw head when I tried loosening it with a power screwdriver. It was still usable so I decided to keep it    After only 2 weeks of use it could no longer sustain the weight of my LCD screen no matter how much I tightened it, and my screen is is a full 5 pounds less than the advertised weight limit!!
B000PKG6TE|4.0|Stoner rock is typically heavy, sludgy and appeals to, well, those who indulge in mind altering activities.  The Queens are the poster children of this volcanic miasma, but they, or more specifically, Josh Homme, reach more than just stoners.  This tea totaller (for the last couple of decades anyway) digs the Queens as much as anybody.<br />  Thick syrupy guitars and the delicate touch of a wrecking ball slamming into a warehouse full of blasting caps define all the Stone Ager's music, and \\"Era Vulgaris\\" is no exception.<br />  That there isn't a whole lot of new territory musically here is a good thing because frankly, Homme's clever lyrics and help from his usual sidekicks like Mark Langevin or Chris Goss don't really need improved upon.<br />  \\"I'm Designer\\", \\"Sick Sick Sick\\" and \\"The River In The Road\\" won't disappoint fans of \\"R\\", and the closer, \\"Run, Pig, Run\\" sounds like the munchkins on mescaline.  \\"Era Vulgaris\\" is a solid effort that doesn't exactly blow their other work out of the water, but rather fits in quite nicely into an already impressive musical wardrobe.
B00007G1ZC|5.0|Late in his life and career, Akira Kurosawa, whose star might have faded altogether were it not for the intervention of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola (both ardent fans), gained a new audience and a new respect with a series of visually stunning colour films.  From 1975's saving grace \\"Dersu Uzala\\" to 1980's stunning \\"Kagemusha,\\" 1985's harrowing \\"Ran\\", we arrived at this gem in 1990.  Though I've long been a Kurosawa fan--starting with \\"Kagemusha\\"--I somehow missed this one at the time, perhaps because the concept just didn't grab me.<br /><br />17 years later and a recent rental through Netflix, I'm sorry I blew this one off before.  Other reviewers here have complained of the slowness of Kurosawa's work, long waits for any action.  Sorry it's not some bit of Jackie Chan or Jet Li chop-socky, guys; this is true cinematic art, which requires patience and tenacity (both of which are ultimately rewarded).  You want action, watch the \\"Die Hard\\" movies.  You want art, this is where you need to be.<br /><br />These eight segments are some of the most colourfully vivid Kurosawa ever committed to celluloid--one of my favourite moments is in the first segment, right at the end where the little boy stands in the field of flowers under the rainbow and the mountains.  Nature's blooms in all their glory make up some of the most beautiful scenery anyone could photograph, and for Kurosawa's direction, that goes double.  Correspondingly, the sequence with the dead soldiers' souls addressing their still-living commander in the tunnel in the mountains is dark and grim, echoing the commander's state of mind at being confronted by old ghosts who are unable to accept that they are, in fact, dead and are trying to go home again.  \\"Crows\\" brings Van Gogh's art to life brilliantly (and significantly, includes one of only two examples in Kurosawa's body of work to feature dialogue not in Japanese--\\"Dersu Uzala\\" was Russian, this sequence features spoken French and English--and Van Gogh himself is played unfailingly by Martin Scorsese); \\"Mount Fuji in Red\\" is genuinely frightening, the scenario of all Japan's nuclear reactors exploding at once the stuff of nightmares, as well as the following sequence with the mutant sunflowers and the horned demon-men whose punishment is to never die but suffer eternally.  The final sequence, \\"The Village of the Watermills,\\" brings it all together with its lush greenery, the philosophical old man, and the joyous funeral procession--its moral, to remember to respect nature, tradition, and live in peace with your fellow man.<br /><br />A gorgeous masterpiece.played unfailingly by Martin Scorsese); \\"Mount Fuji in Red\\" is genuinely frightening, the scenario of all Japan's nuclear reactors exploding at once the stuff of nightmares, as well as the following sequence with the mutant sunflowers and the horned demon-men whose punishment is to never die but suffer eternally.  The final sequence, \\"The Village of the Watermills,\\" brings it all together with its lush greenery, the philosophical old man, and the joyous funeral procession--its moral, to remember to respect nature, tradition, and live in peace with your fellow man.    A gorgeous masterpiece.
B00008J2PG|5.0|This is an extremely intriguing true incident of how a high official in the Vatican helped Allied servicemen hiding from the Nazi's in World War II.  Written and acted on an an adult level, it is one of finest performances by Gregory Peck.  The focus is on drama, not the violence many World War II movies dwell upon.
B000E6G4VY|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />\\"Their Satanic Majesties Request\\" saw the light of day in November of 1967 and to this day brings the most spirited debate of its merits than all other Brian Jones era music combined!<br /><br />When you engross yourself in the myriad of reviews through 40 years you'll notice that many on the negative side aren't taking issue with the songs but the departure of the previous Jagger/Richards formula and the idea of following the Beatles-\\"Sgt. Pepper.\\"<br /><br />The criticism is highly unjustified.  Abandoning your previous output of genius is certainly acceptable if the results don't tarnish the past and how do you fault any band from emulating a Beatles album?<br /><br />\\"Their Satanic Majesties Request\\" is musically phenomenal in the consistency of the compositions and nothing that the ears absorb show the ten tracks sounding forced or uneven.<br /><br />\\"Sing This All Together\\" lays the groundwork for the eventful journey.  As Jagger delivers the message for the album the music perfectly blends to make for a superlative track.  Especially on the remastered version you can experience the guitar mix as if you were at the control room board.  \\"Citadel\\" turns up the psychedelic volume a few notches and the energy level is hard to surpass.  \\"In Anther Land\\" gives us a track penned by Bill Wyman and the additional treat to hear him deliver the words.  \\"2000 Man\\" is brilliant.  Jagger's vocal inflection and the guitars are without flaw.  How about the way Mick throws us a curve and sings \\"And my kids don't understand?\\"  Putting himself in the role of the older generation that was often criticized by the 60's rockers.  \\"Sing This All Together\\" makes a return but this time it is titled \\"Sing This All Together\\" (See What Happens) and stretched from 3:46 to over eight minutes.  \\"The Lantern\\" reaffirms the synergy between Jagger's vocals and the instrumentation.  \\"Gomper\\" may surprise you for the skillful results of landing in the realm of a George Harrison Rubber Soul/Revolver composition.  \\"2000 Light Years From Home\\" can create the moods of hypnotic, magical, and haunting all in a matter of a few notes from the keyboards.  Ending the festivities as if you are listening to a barker from the circus \\"On With The Show.\\"  A rather ironic title since it sadly signifies the end to some of the best forty plus minutes that will emanate from a CD.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"ms the synergy between Jagger's vocals and the instrumentation.  \\"Gomper\\" may surprise you for the skillful results of landing in the realm of a George Harrison Rubber Soul/Revolver composition.  \\"2000 Light Years From Home\\" can create the moods of hypnotic, magical, and haunting all in a matter of a few notes from the keyboards.  Ending the festivities as if you are listening to a barker from the circus \\"On With The Show.\\"  A rather ironic title since it sadly signifies the end to some of the best forty plus minutes that will emanate from a CD.          Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
0618680004|5.0|I have never before read a book where I so much wanted the author present as I read it to continue the conversation. Dawkins has been thinking, debating, and defending the views in this book for years, and it shows. He often anticipates the next argument that the reader may have.     The tone of the book is that of an candid, off-the-cuff conversation with the reader. He is not pretentious or stuffy. He's not trying to be subtle and academic. His opinions on many matters (e.g., the Templeton Prize) come out loudly and clearly. He says enough that any reader will find things with which to agree and to disagree.     He says upfront that his purpose in writing the book is that the reader will be an atheist by the time s/he finishes it. Thousands of books have been written with the opposite objective by theists. Why does it seem so strange when done by an atheist?     This book, I believe, will be quoted nd referenced for years to come. It contains so much (each paragraph is a delight to read), that every atheist should keep it handy for its arguments, and theists should read it to know what will be coming at them.     Dawkins makes the helpful distinction repeatedly between what we want to be true and what is in fact true. This book is not for those who don't understand the difference between these. It will needlessly make them feel less comfortable without changing their minds, so why bother. But for those who - like in the Matrix - want to take the pill that has the potential to show them the real truth - good or bad, this book is a must read. That is not to say that Dawkins necessarily has converged on the truth. Instead, he offers a solid counter argument for those who have grown up in the ethos of religion and theism. It is an argument as least worth considering. As Aristotle said, ``It is a mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain thoughts without accepting them.\\"     In case Dawkins is reading this review himself, I'll offer a couple other reflections for him and the readers. Dawkins uses several OT scripture passages to show the nastiness of God. But he missed what I consider the worst. The 24th chapter of II Samuel details how King David, in his pride, takes a census of the people under his rule. This angers God. What does God do to punish David? He sends a disease upon the people so that 70,000 of them die. 70,000 innocent people die to teach David a lesson.     Unrelated to the above, an essay that readers of Dawkin's book may want to read is the essay by Martin Gardner, \\"Why I an not an Atheist?\\" in his book, \\"The Whys of a Philosophical Scrivener.\\" Gardner is an intellectual giant certainly on par with Dawkins, and so it is with a certain power that he essentially claims that he believes in God because he wants to. Irrational? Likely. Provable? Absolutely not. But Gardner explains that he is more than a rational animal. Why should he ignore the part of himself - deep inside - that wants there to be a God so that justice and mercy and eternal life can be hoped for. This, in my opinion, is the best counter to Dawkin's argument.
B00000J7JO|4.0|Yes BSSM is a great album and the chili peppers haven't matched it with this one, but still an album as good as BSSM is kind of a once in a lifetime thing. I approached it without this expectation and i thought it was pretty good. Most of the tracks are just ok, but some of my favorite songs are on here like around the world, scar tissue, otherside, californication, get on top,easily, i like dirt, this velvet glove and road trippin.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Joss Whedon is a master of story telling.  Before seeing this, I was only familiar with his involvement with \\"Alien : Resurrection\\" (which I love).    They are far from perfect people and each of the crew is so distinct and well defined.  Together they create a unique experience.  Joss masters character development and watching the characters interact with each other in the situations they are presented in makes me extremely happy and makes me feel alive.      My favorite aspect of the show was that there are no space aliens.  There are just humans with the same problems we have now.  Technology (besides the space ship) doesn't seem to have advanced a great deal and people still drink and brawl.  I would give up my life savings, my Rolex watch, and my car if the show came back on the air for at least two seasons.  I have never enjoyed watching something as much as I've enjoyed watching Firefly.    Do yourself a favor and buy this show immediately.  And don't forget to purchase the movie \\"Serenity\\" to watch after you finish the series!
B000003BEV|5.0|As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.<br /><br />\\"Their Satanic Majesties Request\\" saw the light of day in November of 1967 and to this day brings the most spirited debate of its merits than all other Brian Jones era music combined!<br /><br />When you engross yourself in the myriad of reviews through 40 years you'll notice that many on the negative side aren't taking issue with the songs but the departure of the previous Jagger/Richards formula and the idea of following the Beatles-\\"Sgt. Pepper.\\"<br /><br />The criticism is highly unjustified.  Abandoning your previous output of genius is certainly acceptable if the results don't tarnish the past and how do you fault any band from emulating a Beatles album?<br /><br />\\"Their Satanic Majesties Request\\" is musically phenomenal in the consistency of the compositions and nothing that the ears absorb show the ten tracks sounding forced or uneven.<br /><br />\\"Sing This All Together\\" lays the groundwork for the eventful journey.  As Jagger delivers the message for the album the music perfectly blends to make for a superlative track.  Especially on the remastered version you can experience the guitar mix as if you were at the control room board.  \\"Citadel\\" turns up the psychedelic volume a few notches and the energy level is hard to surpass.  \\"In Anther Land\\" gives us a track penned by Bill Wyman and the additional treat to hear him deliver the words.  \\"2000 Man\\" is brilliant.  Jagger's vocal inflection and the guitars are without flaw.  How about the way Mick throws us a curve and sings \\"And my kids don't understand?\\"  Putting himself in the role of the older generation that was often criticized by the 60's rockers.  \\"Sing This All Together\\" makes a return but this time it is titled \\"Sing This All Together\\" (See What Happens) and stretched from 3:46 to over eight minutes.  \\"The Lantern\\" reaffirms the synergy between Jagger's vocals and the instrumentation.  \\"Gomper\\" may surprise you for the skillful results of landing in the realm of a George Harrison Rubber Soul/Revolver composition.  \\"2000 Light Years From Home\\" can create the moods of hypnotic, magical, and haunting all in a matter of a few notes from the keyboards.  Ending the festivities as if you are listening to a barker from the circus \\"On With The Show.\\"  A rather ironic title since it sadly signifies the end to some of the best forty plus minutes that will emanate from a CD.<br /><br />Enjoy the music and be well,<br />Craig Fenton<br />Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"ms the synergy between Jagger's vocals and the instrumentation.  \\"Gomper\\" may surprise you for the skillful results of landing in the realm of a George Harrison Rubber Soul/Revolver composition.  \\"2000 Light Years From Home\\" can create the moods of hypnotic, magical, and haunting all in a matter of a few notes from the keyboards.  Ending the festivities as if you are listening to a barker from the circus \\"On With The Show.\\"  A rather ironic title since it sadly signifies the end to some of the best forty plus minutes that will emanate from a CD.          Enjoy the music and be well,   Craig Fenton   Author of the Jefferson Airplane book \\"Take Me To A Circus Tent\\"
B000067CPX|4.0|This, the follow-up to my favorite Chili Peppers album (Californication) isn't half-bad, but it isn't in the same league as Californication or Blood Sugar Sex Magik. The emphasis is again on melodic ballads like I Could Die For You (which is wonderful), Universally Speaking and Don't Forget About Me (very underrated!), with a few funk songs to remind you of what this group used to do. One of them is the song that got me into the band in the first place - The Zephyr Song, a mix of funk, rap, psychedelia and pure lush pop. It might by my favorite Chili Peppers song, but that's a tough call. This was the album's biggest hit, I think: Either that or the equally memorable Can't Stop, funk-rock-rap at its finest. The third single was the title track, which mixes quiet ballad with heavy funk: The weakest of the three massive singles, but a hard tune to beat regardless. Outside of the singles (and possibly I Could Die for You), my favorite song on this album is the multi-part Venice Queen, a touching tribute to a woman who helped John Frusciante kick his drug habit: Universally Speaking's a nice song too, but the psychedelic noises in the instrumental break were a bad idea. Minor Thing is again an underrated song: I like its metaphorical lyrics and the Santana-like guitar soloing. And Warm Tape's pretty funky and mellow, while Throw Away Your Television is a well-written protest song. And Midnight is the closest thing to epic the group's ever done. I like it, too.<br />Sadly, not all is that good. I loved Dosed the first time I heard it, but now it strikes me as kind of blah; same with This Is the Place. And the stretch between Throw Away Your Television and Minor Thing is the worst the Chilis ever achieved, just one awful song after another: Cabron (which I think means the M.F. word in Spanish), with some dirty lyrics - it's not the lyrics I mind, it's the nauseating Mexican arrangement. I've never been a Beach Boys fan, so the pastiche of the group Tear sounds like another failure to me. And On Mercury is simply too f***ed-up to be taken seriously, or even enjoyed. Take off these songs, and I'll give this a good 4.5 stars without question. The record's issue is in what is trumpeted as brilliant on its packaging: that this is 16 tracks and 68 minutes long. I would've liked it a lot more if it was 11 tracks and... 45 minutes, would it be? Oh well. Good stuff, much like BSSM, Californication and Stadium Arcadium. The Zephyr Song rules. A lot of awful music here though. Caveat emptor, I guess.ilure to me. And On Mercury is simply too f***ed-up to be taken seriously, or even enjoyed. Take off these songs, and I'll give this a good 4.5 stars without question. The record's issue is in what is trumpeted as brilliant on its packaging: that this is 16 tracks and 68 minutes long. I would've liked it a lot more if it was 11 tracks and... 45 minutes, would it be? Oh well. Good stuff, much like BSSM, Californication and Stadium Arcadium. The Zephyr Song rules. A lot of awful music here though. Caveat emptor, I guess.
B000148KK2|4.0|Her voice is a little \\"thin\\" in spots. The production quality is not consistent.<br /><br />That said, this set of songs is just great. She wants you to sit back and hear her songs. I did that and was not disappointed. She will get better with age.
B00005J6UP|5.0|The Goonies is a classic 80s movie that is a part of many people's childhood.  I have seen the movie over 200 times since I was around 7 years old (and I'm 26 now).  This movie is in my top 5 of all times.  Cyndi Lauper's \\"Goonies R Good Enough\\" song makes the movie even better.<br /><br />The main character, Mikey (Sean Austin), was also Sam in Lord of the Rings but I always think of him as Mikey from Goonies.  And Short Round from Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom makes an appearance as \\"Data\\".<br /><br />Astoria is a great place to visit!  You can even go see the Goonies house in person among the other places in the movie shot in Astoria.  I haven't been since I was younger but I plan to visit Astoria again and go to all of the major places from the movie.<br /><br />I seriously doubt any new movies will ever stand up to the quality and timelessness of this movie.  If you haven't seen it, buy it RIGHT NOW and get next day delivery
1582701709|1.0|I wonder if anyone who believes this book has ever heard the proverb/cliche, \\"If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.\\"  In the same way, \\"If wishes were scientific fact, every gullible idiot would become the center of the known universe.\\"    It bears repeating: this book is bad, but the people who have made it a phenomenon are below contempt.  Honestly, I'm beginning to suspect that there is a target market labeled: \\"will believe any comfortable lie.\\"    And comfortable lie this is.  Consider some of the claims made in this book, and their antidotes:    SECRET REALITY: Beethoven created great music because he believed in the \\"law of attraction.\\"  REALITY: Beethoven created great music because he was a genius and worked hard, and in fact was lucky to have been given a rigorous musical education by being the scion of a relatively wealthy family.    SECRET REALITY: Shakespeare became the most famous playwright of all time because he imagined being the most famous playwright of all time.  REALITY: Well, or maybe it's because he was a genius, and he worked hard.  And also, again, that he was lucky.    Really, the only thing stated in this book is the \\"power of positive thinking,\\" which is then used to reinforce the most disgusting materialistic pretensions.  Usually I can handle the \\"positive thinking\\" crowd, when they believe that they are helping people get well, or improving their spirituality, or improving the quality of their relationships.  The thing is, this book is obviously marketed towards wealth-seekers.  The sort of wealth-seekers who pay 50 dollars for a \\"work at home - make unlimited income\\" packet.  Basically, wealth-seekers who know they'll probably never be wealthy, but can't stand to base their lives on anything more real than this remote or nonexistent possibility.    I was disgusted to read that some grade school teachers had used this to teach their classes.  The story really indicates the whole irony of this book.  Kids as low as kindergarten aregiven magazines and told to \\"cut out anything they would like to have.\\"  So the kids cut out, obviously, whatever is in the advertisements: cars, expensive clothes, liquor and cigarettes for all i know, and this is added to pictures the kids bring in: bicycles, gaming systems, horses and other animals, etc.  All of these images are collaged onto something sometimes called \\"wish boards\\" or \\"attraction boards\\" or \\"visualization boards,\\" and kids are told to believe that they will have it all.  If this doesn't explain why our kids ain't learnin', then I don't know what will.  Maybe in 20 years or so, we can expect EVERYONE to be an idiotic narcissist.    Perhaps the most disgusting thing about this book is the materialism.  Honestly, if everyone who wanted to be rich was rich, the economy would collapse in an instant.  It's incontrovertible.  The fact is that everyone can't be rich, and that furthermore the rich are generally to be pitied for their vast spiritual poverty.  Look, I grew up with rich people, and decided that the last thing I ever wanted to do was be rich.  So for those of you who haven't had to gaze into the blighted and unhealthy souls of people who are motivated only by money, let me just give you yet another saying, a cliche formerly known by everyone that has been erased by American marketing propaganda: there's more to life than money.    If this is a self-help book, then I'm an animated movie star.
B000002GFT|5.0|Most rock fans have heard of this group, but how many have actually heard them is another situation entirely. In other words, not enough people have heard of this group - everyone says, \\"Oh yeah, Sandy Denny sang on `Battle of Evermore', didn't she?\\" Or maybe, \\"Yeah, Richard Thompson, the Shoot Out the Lights guy\\". Or -if they're really smart - \\"Dave Pegg played bass with Jethro Tull for a while\\". When you're down to people who have actually heard any Fairport stuff, it's probably a short list. Which is too bad, because the dramatic murder ballad \\"Matty Groves\\" is better than \\"Free Bird\\", \\"Stairway to Heaven\\" or what have you: sung convincingly by Sandy Denny (who sounds kind of like a British Joni Mitchell, not like that's reason to complain), and featuring one of the coolest instrumental sections known to man: a Medieval fiddle solo followed by a hard rock one. Awesome! You can keep \\"Hotel California\\" (actually, I'd prefer that song to be dragged to pillory) - that is a rock song, man. Okay, a folk-rock song, but who's counting? That's my favorite, but that's not to say everything else is total crap: the joyful \\"Come All Ye\\", majestic, long \\"Tam Lin\\", which pairs dramatic hard-rock riffs with fiddle once again; the breakneck instrumental jig \\"Lark in the Morning/Rakish Paddy Fox-Hunter's Jig/Toss the Feathers\\", and the wonderful love song \\"Reynardie\\". The only song that doesn't strike me as genius is \\"The Deserter\\" and even that isn't too bad. So I've got to give this my full backing - if you're in the mood for something off the beaten track, or seeking an older band that hasn't been played to death on the radio, go here
B000QXDED6|4.0|300 glamorizes, special-effectizes and 'Hollywoodizes' ( if you will indulge me on those last 2 adjectives ) the Battle of Thermopylae.   Wolves don't look like they do in the movie, nor are elephants 50 feet tall at the shoulder, nor do armies of men have monster faces or grow into ogreish, sharp-teethed growling humanoids.  Also, Xerxes, the Persian King, wasn't 8 feet tall with a deep, resonant, godlike voice.  If you were there and somehow could have witnessed what it looked like, it wouldn't have looked like this.      However, having said all of this, it's a thoroughly enjoyable and visually engaging testosterone flick.  I'm not ruling out that some women may enjoy this, but more men than women will.  This is not a film for children.  I give it four stars for keeping me unable to take my eyes from the screen for the whole film and for being a generally \\" cool \\" movie.  Although paralleling the main events of this battle some 2500 years ago, sans one star since the movie makes up things and presents a sci-fi  / cartoonish depiction.    Verdict - definitely worthy of watching and enjoying.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|This movie is nothing less than spectacular.  The lore and story behind the battle of Thermopolae is already amazing enough... But the movie makers really capture and accentuate everything visually.  On Blu-Ray, this movie is really a treat for the eyes<br /><br />You first have to realize this movie is being told to the viewer by one of the 300 soldiers.  It's his take on a historic event.  Of course not everything that happened in the movie happened in real life.  But you have to realize this is a tale people have been telling for centuries and centuries.  There are obvious embellishments (which are obvious to the viewer, such as the elephants, the rhino, etc) but I think these are true to what a storyteller in that period would tell his audience to captivate them.<br /><br />The audio commentary is great, the extras are great, and the movie itself is wonderful.  Whether this movie is on Blu-Ray or HD DVD, I would highly recommend it.
0316010669|4.0|Which is better, thinking deep and hard or making snap judgements on instinct? Gladwell makes the case for quick thinking in his book of thinking without thinking. Gladwell argues that in many cases - emergency heart attack diagnosis being a good example - too much information not only doesn't help a bit, but actually makes decisions worse.    Humans are very capable of making quick, unconscious decisions - some brain damage or other disorders prove that, when that capability is lost. According to Gladwell we should pay more heed to our unconscious, as it often helps to make good decisions fast. However, it's not that simple: quick thinking without thinking leads to prejudice and trouble, if one is not careful.    Using lots of real-life examples, Gladwell makes a coherent case. The book is quite shallow, but that's what you should expect from a short bestseller like this. Blink, like Gladwell's previous success, [[ASIN:0316346624 The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference]], is swiftly read. While it never delves deep or really satisfies the reader, it certainly succeeds in being thought-provoking and entertaining.
B000J103YI|4.0|I enjoy listening to most of the songs on the CD.  All of the songs from the movie are in the CD.  I'm glad that I purchased it.
B000MNP2KI|4.0|I was actually quite impressed with this Bond movie. It seemed a bit wittier and more thoughtfully written and almost a bit darker than other bond movies. But I felt they tried a little too hard to fill it with action. I was excited to buy my own copy of it (which I spent too much on) but then as I was watching it again after seeing it in the theatre, it seemed to get tiresome, in spite of all the action... or perhaps because of all the action. It was a well done Bond movie but I read the book and thought they could've fleshed out the characters and their relationships a little more, and given them a little more dialogue, alongside the glamorous Hollywood action-packed twenty-minute scenes.
B00000ILDE|4.0|Most people personally choose this as their favorite in the \\"Alien\\" series.  It does a great job of expanding on the Ridley Scott original, but I think the movie is extremely slow and boring at times.<br /><br />However, you can't deny how this movie does have the most props.  The APC, guns everywhere, flame throwers, movement sensor guns, and of course lots of focus on the movement detectors.  These really help build the movie and add a lot to the setting.<br /><br />But seriously.  What is with Bill Paxton whining like a baby.  I can't stop thinking of him when he played \\"Chet\\" in the movie \\"Weird Science\\".  Especially during the part where he is crying \\"GAMEOVER MAN\\".  He's a SPACE MARINE.  Sigourney Weaver is more of a man than Bill Paxton in this movie.<br /><br />Paul Riser is especially hard to watch, probably because when I see him I think about his later performance on the sitcom \\"Mad About You\\".  I think a better actor could have easily been picked for his part.  He almost has a lovable look instead of someone I want to hate.<br /><br />Much of the dialogue is pretty bad in my opinion.  The way the movie is shot makes small scenes explode on the screen, which is awesome.  But the smaller scenes tend to drag on.<br /><br />Overall, this movie is a must see.  Do yourself a favor and see the original \\"Alien\\" movie before seeing this.  If you enjoy both, try \\"Alien 3\\" and \\"Resurrection\\".  I personally prefer those to this movie by far (visually and in terms of dialogue / characters).
B000OQF6N6|5.0|Honestly, I couldn't be more annoyed by the people who continue to say that this is not a Smashing Pumpkins album.  Who wrote all the lyrics for the previous 5 albums except for like 5 songs?  Billy Corgan.  Who wrote all the music?  Billy Corgan.  Interestingly enough Iha and Darcy weren't even that big of a part of the Pumpkins in the first place.  Yes the band isn't the same without them, but seriously...Billy is the mastermind behind the band, there is no arguing that fact.  Seriously, judge the album by the music not its name or authors.
1594489505|5.0|I finished this book in record time, and I found it to be even better than \\"The Kite Runner\\".  I read the latter before I deployed to Afghanistan last year, and I read his latest book upon returning.  I am nothing but constantly curious about this culture.  I have been to Kabul many times and found myself fascinated by this behind closed door look into the lives of Afghani women; perhaps because one can know very little about the human beings that walk beneath their Burkas.  I appreciate the insight and the forced comprehension that this author provides, and I was amazed at how much more of a grasp on their tumultous past I was able to obtain.  This author weaves the violent history of their last half century into an easy, yet sometimes difficult to accept read.
B0001GMIOE|5.0|Bought a cheaper version a few months ago from NWV Direct - not worth the money. Low capacity and wore out after a few uses.      The battery purchased directly from Amazon cost more - but performs better than the original equipment.  Great quality and still cheaper than buying direct from Canon.
B000ANVQ0K|1.0|When I was a child, I remember reading about the Titanic and found it mildly interesting.  However, when the motion picture made its way to local theaters, I was less than thrilled.<br /><br />It arrived in theaters when I was 18. My father forced me to watch this movie with him.  He made it clear that he was being forced by my mother to watch it and he wanted me to suffer through it as well.  It was easily the worst 3 hours of my life and I've been to jail before.<br /><br />It's really hard to write a review and not use cuss words, but basically, this movie is complete trash.  There are interesting architectural details that are historically correct and some of the characters are based on real people.  But the movie was ruined by being a completely cheesy love story.  The soundtrack was bad enough that I would only buy the CD if I was going to torture someone by playing it over and over again to get the information out of them.<br /><br />When I hear the word \\"Titanic\\" my brain instantly flashes the two ugly people in my mind (Kate and Leo) and the horrible Irish whistles start playing... accompanied by Celine Dion and her horrid \\"cat in heat\\" voice.<br /><br />I will never forgive my parents for making me watch this movie.
1594489505|5.0|Khaled Hosseini continues to provide us with a deeper look into a world that many are blinded or shielded from.  Within just a few pages the reader is able to connect and learn from the characters. When reading I found myself instantaneously immersed into the story, yearning for the characters' loss and fate.  This is a story that leaves a lasting impression of hope in an often unfair world. I highly recommend this story, and hope that Khaled Hosseini will continue to write further stories in the near future.
B000002KO3|5.0|A friend of mine in high school bought this album, and hated it.  I bought it from him for a few bucks, and it was some of the best money ever spent.  While the album has a mere 8 songs on it, they are all excellent.  A lot of people don't like the last 4 songs, but I think they're just as good as the first 4, though not as up tempo (obviously).  Born Under Punches (The Beat Goes On) is a great way to start the album, followed by one of favorite Heads' songs, Crosseyed and Painless.  The Great Curve has some of the best harmonizing on the chorus that I've ever heard.  Once in a Lifetime is a hit single that great to listen to and to think about (a rare combo).  The last four are very moody and eerie.  I love them all, especially Houses in Motion and The Overload.  Many talk about the intricate rhythms, and yes, they are very, very cool, but I love the vocals here.  They're very well arranged, and really blend it to the experimenting here.  This album was released in 1983, though it sounds like it could be released at anytime.  This is my favorite Talking Heads album.  I love the adventurous sounds that Talking Heads and Brian Eno (who is more like a co-colloborator here than just a producer) string together here.  Magnificence from the 1980's....
B000GCFO0I|4.0|I have watched it several times, catch it on the dish.  Very interesting movie, yet....    I don't play video games so had no idea it was based on that before I watched, so my impressions are on the movie alone.  Well, acted, premise that is very complicated.  A woman adopts a daughter.  Later, the child is given to running away while sleepwalking.  Becoming concerned when nothing helps, she is determined to unriddle what is haunting her daughter.  So she journey's to Silent Hill to find the answers.      A female cop stops her.  She's slightly too gung ho about people abusing kids, so jumps to the error that Rose is stealing her daughter, and chases them.  They both crash.  Rose awakens on the edge of Silent Hill, a bizarre town that is in perpetual winterscape (ash really) from fires burning underground.  Cop chases her, she chases daughter.  Slowly you see there is more wrong with this town and underground fires.    Highly imaginative, repugnant, yet, strangely compelling.  Maybe someday I will figure out if I like it or not.      Not recommended for the weak stomach.  It's was rough at time for me.
B000NA28I4|2.0|I typically don't do this but this movie was so bad I felt obligated.  Watched this over the weekend.  I had read the book, which I was not that impressed with (give me Anna McCaffrey, Tolkien..J.K. Rowlings).  I was hoping the movie would be better but unfortunately I liked it even less than the book.  My husband liked it, he did not read the book, but his comments when I asked him what he liked about the movie was \\"the special effects were great\\".
B000CFLFX4|2.0|I used the sweeper 3 times and although it is not very strong it was useful. For whatever reason it can't be used anymore although the battery seems to be good. It is a dissapointment.
B000Q6GUTI|4.0|Satisfactory from the thrills and spills perspective. The story isn't all that believable, but then it's a movie, not real life.  I don't like spoilers so I'm not going to talk about the story.     From the technical perspective though, if you are going to make a film where the story is based on shooting then why not get the major details right? The heavy rifle he uses at the start is a M82A1 and is semi-automatic, so why does he hand cycle the action after each shot? Especially when we've just seen it eject the empty and cycle closed? Same thing later with the AR-15, there's no need to pull on the operating handle after it is loaded, all that does is eject a perfectly good round, when it's empty the bolt locks back until you reload and release it. All this showed is that the director had no clue. 50BMG rounds don't create fireballs either, not when they hit metal, like the first half dozen shots he fired with it. If his dog sat next to him while he shot targets with a heavy caliber rifle with a muzzle brake it would never hear another command, the noise would burst its ear drums.    Silly to make a play of the technical errors, the first was featured in the action. But still a decent film.
0688152023|2.0|This video is very pretty to watch.... once.    But the exercises are extremely slow, with very long transitions between the different sections.    You need to take more than an hour for a mediocre workout.    I did not feel like I was making any effort and certainly not getting a hard workout.    The bonus clips are nice though, if you want to get a glimpse into the life of NYC ballet dancers.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I have watched all these twice over now and it all was just as good the second time round.  A highly enjoyable series written by a creative genius who produces an experience that is never predictable (or too wacky)and is full of charactors that are very likeable and some even you have to love (Jayne and Kaylee).  A series to be savored with enough hours of it that it becomes your new world and leaves you wishing for more.
0061122416|4.0|My mother has been a Paulo Coehlo fan for years, meaning that I resisted reading any of his books.  I finally took up \\"Alchemist\\", as the story seemed interesting.<br /><br />I'm very glad that I picked it up.  Great writing, simple characters and message, yet it seems like everything stated in \\"Alchemist\\" is buried deep in our unconscious, and only this novel managed to dig it out.  The story follows a Spanish shepherd in his dream of reaching the pyramids of Egypt, and what he goes through on his way there.  It is a classic story of journey being more important than the destination, if only we have our eyes open.  \\"Alchemist\\" touches the nerve of the western business with everything, so much so that we rush towards any particular destination, only to discover that we have missed everything in between.<br /><br />Most things happen while we're not looking and most are accidental.  This is how we learn.  If we ignore them, we may spend our lives wondering.  Santiago wanted the pyramids, and he got so much more.  After all, pyramids are just pyramids, but Santiago's journey to the pyramids taught him what is important to him.<br /><br />I recommend this novel to everyone who wants a light read that will actually make them think, not about unpleasantness in their lives, but about the possibilities if we only weren't so darn busy to see that pyramids will always be there, and that we might as well enjoy our slow trip towards them.
0060832819|1.0|If a zero rating were possible here, this book would warrant it.  The author biographical notes indicate that Coelho has sold 56 million copies of his books.  On the evidence provided between the covers of this one I can't imagine why: it's hardly artfully written and doesn't have a plausible plot.  I guess millions of people around the world eat french fries; they're hardly a complex, tasty gourmet food worthy of rave reviews either.  Mass consumption doesn't automatically equal 'must-have' or 'of value'.      The novel features a best-selling writer as a narrator (who incidentally whines about critics trashing his work; Mr Coelho must be feeling insecure) whose wife disappears.  The narrator claims that his missing wife is his obsession, his Zahir, yet replaces her with another woman that he also claims to love, and has affairs on the side.  I think the only obsession he has is with himself and his own self-importance.     Throw in an epileptic that sees visions, some hokeyness about letting love into your life in a pure energy form,  a journey across the steppes, and the narrator explicitly explaining all his life revelations along the way so you don't miss the 'profound messages'; viola, you have one unconvincing story.     I hope the book reads better in the original Portuguese than it does in English.  The English translation is dry reading; there's certainly no poetry in the writing, just the verses quoted before the title page.
075640407X|5.0|I read a lot of fantasy books and due to the mediocrity that the genre has been tending towards lately; I most times shy away from a lot of the more recent, big door-stopper, ever-lasting epics. Then, every few years, a book like The Name of the Wind comes along and reminds me of why I love fantasy to start with.     To me, when fantasy is written well you almost believe it, like it's some big historic narrative of a forgotten legend, all dust-covered, yellow-paged, and long-lost among other gargantuan tomes on a shadowy, back-wall-book-shelf in the basement of a monstrous and ageing library.  The prose, language, setting, creatures, and characters, all come together and take you to a place so fantastic it can't be real, but you almost feel like you're really there anyway.     If you could just simply time-travel inter-dimensionally, you really could be sipping an evening, ale at a table in the Waystone Inn, and wondering why the warm fire in the hearth isn't making you feel as cozy as it did before the man you know as Kote, but is really Kvothe pronounced nearly the same as Quothe, started telling his story.     That's how a fantasy was intended to make you feel, and that's the way Mr. Rothfuss tells his tale.
B000P0J09C|2.0|It's disappointing that Warner Brothers *still* has not released this movie in regular DVD format at a widescreen ratio. 5 star movie, minus 3 stars for the format.
0618680004|5.0|This is a master work of logic. The art of logic is to break things down to their most simple form- in this way one can understand not only the pieces but also how they fit together. This is the only goal of science- it does not aim to support or disprove religions beliefs- it is a simple approach to understand what the universe actually is.  If the universe was indeed controlled by some supernatural being science would in fact be the best system to demonstrate this. Richard's book is an amazing illustration of the scientific method and how to apply it to religious belief systems. In the many examples raised in this book one is challenged to simply break things down to their constitutive parts, examine the value of the parts, and look at how they fit together. If you do this, religious belief systems vanish in a puff of logic, and only one incapable of logic could continue to accept them. Denial, not faith, is the true foundation of religion.    In \\"the god delusion\\" Richard Dawkins goes on to make many points that the vast majority of the population, and in particular the christian right wing, will find offensive. This does not negate from the validity of the arguments, all of which, once again, logic completely supports. As the author takes pains to explain, if one is offered three possibilities, one that states we simply don't understand, one of which makes sense and is possible given enough time and one of which is so improbable it would take the entire existence of the universe to simply write down how improbable it was, why, oh why would you choose the third option? The answer is, if your mind was functional, you would not. There must be a reason why people who are functional in many other ways choose to deny logic (and the physical laws that provide clocks, electricity, internal combustion engines, the gravity that holds us to the planets surface, allows airplanes to fly etc.) and the author attempts to explore possible reasons for this paradox. Richard Dawkins does an excellent job of proposing hypotheses that might help explain this conundrum and to examine their logical consequences. The backlash against this work in fact does nothing more than support it- no logic seems to exist in that realm, only dogmatic adhesion to the very systems that are dissected and show to be vacuous illusions. This work simply reflects possible explanations for how things are, and they are damn good theories. As Richard states, come up with better ones, and thinking people will happily accept them. Proposing additional infinitely impossible options simply wastes everybody's time, and let's not even bother with defending indefensible options already shown to be baseless by this and other excellent works. Apply some logic, and enjoy things for what they are, which is absolutely amazing.
B0000256VK|5.0|AVALON was to be Roxy Music's final album.  By the time of this album (1982), Roxy Music came a long way from the edgy, artsy/glam-rock of the early 70's; Bryan Ferry and company were stylish professionals, the template for the sound and stance of much of Britain's music in the '80s, from the synth-pop of the Simple Minds and Ultravox, to the well-tailored blue-eyed soul of ABC and Spandau Ballet.<br /><br />AVALON is one of Roxy's finest records. Ironically the title track (which was, in my opinion, one their best since 1975's \\"Love Is the Drug\\") became an MTV staple long after their breakup.  The elegant soundscapes of Ferry's synthesizer and Andy Mackay's saxophone (\\"India,\\" \\"Tara\\") and Ferry's romantic crooning (\\"More Than This,\\" \\"Avalon,\\" \\"Take a Chance With Me\\") made a graceful deprature for the band.
B000FGFSWE|5.0|First off, I'm not the biggest fan of Nightwish. Speaking in general, I can do without all of the \\"operatic approach\\" to their music. I'm much more of a METALHEAD so to speak, and I don't usually listen to bands that base their music around that \\"welcome to the opera\\" feel like Nightwish...    That being said, it was very difficult for me to get into Nightwish upon first listen a couple of years back. I was already a very big Lacuna Coil fan at the tinme, but these are two totally different bands, with different sounds / styles / and all around talents. You simply can't / shouldn't compare the two. Needless to say, I found Nightwish to be too opera oriented for my everyday listening....    Now onto this review....    I was completely blown away with this live performance. Nightwish is without question one of the tightest, most impressive live acts I've seen on DVD in quite some time. These are extremely complex songs to perform, and I couldn't have been more impressed with this purchace....    I was never a big Nightwish fan, but after seeing this incredible live performance, I have a lot more respect for this band. They are truly something special in a live setting, and even if you're like me and don't care for the opera feel to the music, I'm sure you'll still embrace \\"End Of An Era\\" with open arms after watching it for yourself....    5 STAR PERFORMANCE / BUY WITH CONFIDENCE!!!!
B000BW7QWW|2.0|No, I didn't see the TV series. I simply walked into this movie cold, sat down and watched a two hour chase scene. There's no question that that kind of stuff can cause an adrenaline rush, and be entertaining. From my perspective, however, that's all there was, a handful of folks on a beat up space ship trying to escape with a fugitive from the home planet. Dense as I am, I wasn't sure why the dude chasing our heroes wanted the wisp of a 17 year old girl that they were ferrying around the universe. Of course she did provide some of the excitement what with her copying scenes from Matrix where she fights a large crowd of drooling maniacs and lays them all out on the ground dead or dying.<br /><br />There really is no depth to this movie. It's just a space opera. If you are satisfied with that well then you can give it five stars, but it wasn't enough for me.<br /><br />One thing that puzzled me. When we see the crew walking around the space ship you see all sorts of loose equipment and furnishings. Then when you see the outside of the ship while it is taking off you see it going through an amazing number of spins and loops. I can't help but visualize people and objects being tossed all over the place on the inside. Makes for a fun mental image.
B00008OLYN|4.0|Don't buy this record expecting death vocals and heavy guitars. Opeth went back in the past toward 70's Jazz Rock to create Damnation. Surprisingly, this lack of heavy hasn't made them any less compelling, as they create moments of profound beauty over and over. Highly recommended for Opeth fans or anyone who just wants to chill.
1400064287|5.0|I borrowed the title for this reveiw from an old Saturday Night Live sketch.  The skit was hilarious because it is absurd to have a product with such divergent and contradictory purposes.<br />This is the type of folly that the authors brilliantly track down and examine.  They quote Antoine de Saint-Exupery, \\"A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.\\"<br />The brothers Heath take you on a journey on getting to the core of whatever it is that you are pursuing -- be it advertising message, story narrative, invention, business strategy or life direction.<br />Their guidance is supremely entertaining.  Moreover, they recognize that finding the core is only the first step.  Practical application means putting ideas out into the world in a way in which they will be used or at least remembered. They have thoroughly studied how the mind works and have identified brilliant antidotes for distraction, ambivilance, disbelief and inaction.<br />In the final analysis this book is ironically like a multi-use product because there is so much value to storyteller, marketer, entrepreneur and teacher alike.  It should be in everyone's library.
B000TGCR38|4.0|It's a relief to see such well-made movies and such great performances without the stereotype American approach. I was absorbed into the movie from start to finish.
0452287022|1.0|I've gotten two-thirds of the way through this book and I'm not sure I'm going to finish it.  \\"Why,\\" I ask myself, \\"am I reading this unromantic, pedantic, academic book?  Nothing about it works, from the telling of the tale in the first person to the unlikely possibility that Vermeer needed help with his subject matter.  Lusterless and Pedestrian.
B000OCY7JE|4.0|Very human, very well made, very touching without being overdramatic. GREAT performances. A wonderful surprise for everyone who is not only into the big hollywood productions
0205313426|5.0|This is valuable asset for any one who wants to improve written skills in english. I found the book very crisp and to the point.
B00062IVKS|5.0|If there was ever a better film to be included in AFI's 10th Anniversary Top Ten list, I wouldn't believe it.  This is filmmaking at it's best.  Let me begin with the greatest actor working today.    Whenever Robert De Niro and Martin Scorsese get together it's cinematic gold.  Only years prior they created the iconic character of Travis Bickle.  Now, in 1980, they create another iconic screen character: Jake La Motta.  Jake La Motta was a New York boxer known as The Raging Bull and Scorsese and De Niro brought him to screen better than any other boxing character in history.  Robert De Niro's dedication to this role really shows as, even to this day, I look past the actor, as legendary as he is, and only see Jake La Motta, a troubled but talented man.    I highly recommend this movie.  It shows a character study second to almost none.  Each one of Scorsese/De Niro's characters leave you with a different feeling.  For eight movies now, ([[ASIN:B000286RP2 Mean Streets (Special Edition)]], [[ASIN:B000R8YC18 Taxi Driver (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)]], [[ASIN:B00062IVKI New York, New York]], Raging Bull, [[ASIN:B00006RCNV The King of Comedy]], [[ASIN:B000286RKW GoodFellas (Two-Disc Special Edition)]], [[ASIN:B00005LC4B Cape Fear (10th Anniversary Edition)]], and [[ASIN:B000C20VPA Casino]]), Scorsese and De Niro have created memorable characters.  Jake La Motta just may well top the list.    Plus, you can't go wrong with this DVD.  Just as with the Two Disc Edition to Goodfellas, there's a commentary with Jake La Motta himself.  And the featurettes are wonderful.  Higly recommended
0099469154|5.0|Simply compulsive. If you have an interest in business and finance or people, greed and behaviour this is a must read. In many ways this story reflects a broadly held image of the 1980's and its culture of excess that was abound in our worlds financial capitals.     This is a gripping read; the story of the battle for RJR Nabisco and the characters involved contains many elements of the best fiction with the distinct difference of this story being true. Whilst the business finally conducted may not have been the finest work of the venerable KKR it was important mainly due to its Herculean scale which was at the time unprecedented.     This book is simply a must read on many levels. Since it was first published in 1990 it has gripped the imagination of many and has kindled an interest in business reaching far and wide.
B000002AP1|5.0|Mark Prindle said it better than I ever could about the original mix of this album:<br /><br />\\"The original mix is SO GODD***ED AWFUL that it ruins the entire album. Basically, everything in the mix is all muffled and hidden, then a piercing, bottomless headache of a guitar lead will rip through your ears at five times the volume of the muffled melody, and that's what the entire album sounds like. No power or bottom end at all - just tinniness, treble and headaches.\\"<br /><br />I've not heard the entire original album, but I've heard a handful of tracks off it (including \\"Search And Destroy\\") and can say that I agree completely with the above quote.  The original \\"Raw Power,\\" as far as I can tell by those couple of tracks I heard, is one of the biggest botched production jobs in recording history.<br /><br />That said, I'm not saying Iggy's remix is perfect by any means (I could have done with a little less \\"in the red\\" distortion), but it does what it should do.  It gives \\"Raw Power\\" back its rawness and its power.<br /><br />Rock 'n' roll this loud and violent should SOUND loud and violent, and Iggy did that.<br /><br />So good for him, and good for the record buying public.  Songs like \\"Search and Destroy\\" should blow you out of your chair, and the only thing Bowie's mix did was blow.
B00005JCAA|3.0|First let me say that my wife has no patience for this film.  I know...lots of women, and men, love it.  I didn't see it in the theater, but just saw it for the 3rd time on cable.  It's interesting, romantic, and laughable, all at once.  I give it a mild thumbs up, but don't tell my wife.  Interesting:  Anthony Hopkins adding levity opposite the Devil, played by a seeming twit in the body of Brad Pitt.  Romantic:  For women:  Brad Pitt.  For men:  beautiful Claire Forlani in a sweet relationship with her father played by Hopkins, not to mention falling for Pitt.  Laughable:  Pitt trying to play the devil, Pitt sucking on peanut butter, and Pitt, or rather the Devil, making love to Forlani.  More laughable:  Forlani falling for the doofus played by Pitt...kind of like falling for Peter Sellers in Being There.  Granted, Pitt is handsome, but really!!  Also interesting:  the twist at the end, returning Pitt to his old self, but minus the bruises and broken bones he should have from being crushed by a car!!  Laughable!  The moral:  once you've found the one you love, hold on tight.  (But PLEASE watch for signs of the Devil!!)
B000002KLP|5.0|Released in 1980, Prince's third album is a leftfield masterpiece, a jaw dropping combination of electrified weirdo pop and back alley sleaze. Even though it appeared at the very beginning of the Purple One's long and storied career, Dirty Mind has the kind of attitude and clarity of vision that some artists never manage to instill in their records. Musically, it's the ideal summation of Prince's entire aesthetic; It's a seamless mixture of funk, pop, electronica, rock, new wave, and soul, with elements of punk and even embryonic rap thrown in for good measure. Prince throws in whatever he sees fit, borrowing from \\"black\\" and \\"white\\" musical styles in equal amounts (and knowing full well that no such distinction really exists). Lyrically, the album more than lives up to its title. Prince refuses to beat around the bush with regards to sex (no pun intended), celebrating the subject with unrestrained glee. But don't think that the lyrics are just immature, sophomoric ranting- Prince simply deals with sex in the way that other artists write and sing about love. His songs may be seedy, but they're also full of emotion and humor, with ironic little twists and plenty of great lines. It works because Prince is a great storyteller, with an author's eye and a way with words.    He's also a great performer. As a vocalist, he lends the lyrics an incredible, unabashed sleaziness. You can practically hear the manic grin on his face as he tears through the songs, describing one unlikely sexual encounter after another without even the smallest concession to self-control. He also plays nearly every singe instrument on the record, and thankfully he's good at all of it. Keyboards dominate this record, and their synthesized electronic warbling goes well with the lyrics. Although this album doesn't show off his considerable guitar skills, we still get to hear him strum some well-chosen chords. The rhythms, meanwhile, keep things suitably funky. The somewhat minimalist feel of the playing and production makes this feel like a collection of demos, which is a very good thing- a slick, cleaned-up sound may very well have ruined the songs. The end result probably resembles what would've happened if Lennon and McCartney had written the soundtrack to an X-Rated film.     Which leaves us with eight fantastic songs. My favorite of the bunch is probably \\"When You Were Mine,\\" a stroke of pop genius. Over a hook-filled, irresistible melody, Prince narrates the tale of some luckless fellow who let his girlfriend sleep around, and subsequently loses her. What's so amazing about the song is that it manages to be funny, heartbreaking, and catchy all at once, while still finding room for lines as deliciously two-faced as \\"You were so strange/ You didn't have the decency to change the sheets.\\" There's also the hypnotic techno-funk of the title track, in which Prince makes his intentions unmistakably clear, while a synth drones hungrily in the background. \\"Head\\" is a gleeful tale about exactly what you think it's about, with a really great keyboard solo thrown in for good measure. \\"Party Up\\" is a relentlessly funked-up jammer, and \\"Uptown\\" is an endless party tune. The weirdest and wildest tune here is \\"Sister,\\" a brief rockabilly-influenced number whose lyrics will (hopefully) make you gag. If nothing else, it proves that Prince was completely fearless. It's also a surprisingly fun song in its own right. I was tempted to shave off one star for \\"Do It All Night\\" and \\"Gotta Broken Heart Again.\\" Although they're not bad songs by any stretch of the imagination, they simply don't live up to the standards set by the rest of what's here; the former is a pleasant but (to my ears, anyway) forgettable little slinker, and the latter is a standard-issue soul-tinged ballad. However, they both still have plenty of entertainment value, and they don't detract an ounce of power from the other six songs. This is a fantastic purchase for the whacked-out freak in all of us.
B000LXH0AE|5.0|Stranger Than Fiction is a film with a heavy dose of the absurd. Harold Crick is an IRS agent who lives a very careful, numeric sort of life. He counts toothbrush strokes, steps, and in a way which is mathematically elegant, ensures that he uses exactly the right amount of steps to get to the bus, and saves time by tying only one Windsor knot. His watch, who also has a role to play in this story, keeps track of everything. But one day Harold begins to hear a narrator describing Harold's actions as he does them. While Harold can hear her, she cannot hear him, and when he hears that his death is imminent, he sets out on a quest to find the narrator and save his own life.<br /><br />The relationship between Harold's author Karen Effiel and Harold is a complex one. Is Karen Effiel Harold's God? In what sense is Harold real? After all, the whole story is a fiction and both Karen and Harold are characters within it, playing their parts as they spiral around each other. Which came first--the protagonist or the narrator? How about the metacritic English professor who spends his life examining these two? Is his claim to reality any more concrete? All of them will ultimately disappear (including the actors playing their parts). So does art itself have a greater claim to reality than these individual plotlines?<br /><br />What makes this quirky film so successful is that, unlike many post-modern films, Stranger Than Fiction is a humanistic film full of warmth. It never descends into meaninglessness or chaos. Harold's development as he moves from neat precision to love ridden chaos is one which the reader can identify with. The make-up less Thomson plays the role of Effiel with beautiful expression and intensity. Ferrell too breaks out of his stereotypical buffoonery and plays Harold with great warmth and integrity. Similarly Dustin Hoffman, Queen Latifah, and Maggie Gyllenhaal are all exceptional, funny, loveable, and strange enough to be completely realistic. Every character has depth, passion, silliness, and beauty.<br /><br />While the premise of the story is odd and eccentric, and perhaps might raise untenable questions about the nature of truth and narration, the story is so charming, and so well acted, it creates more truths than complications. There are many funny moments--from Hoffman's Professor Jules Hilbert's initial grilling--\\"I've worked out conclusively that you are not a golem. Doesn't that make you feel good?\\" (para-quote) to Harold's box of \\"flours\\" that he brings to Ana, his love interest (Gyllenhaal).<br /><br />Aside from the grand scheme of this film, which is definitely feel good, humanistic and positive, there are many tiny features which add to the cleverness and satisfaction. The city of Chicago has never looked so attractive. The parallel between Crick's ordered life, and its representation by the Golden Ratio image, and the ordered architecture of the city is handled with subtlety and power (both seem quite beautiful even as they are being treated with some irony). The characters names are references to great scientists/mathematicians eg Crick, Eiffel, Pascal, and the film is full of meta-references, from Magritte to The Beatles, Monty Python, Calvano, and Escher. This is a wonderful, funny, pithy, and enjoyable film which, despite the lightness of the plot, the romance, and the `life conquers art' theme, is surprisingly deep, leaving the viewer pondering the questions it raises about life and death long after the film finishes. It's a particularly enjoyable film for anyone who reads a lot. Many are lampooned in this film--the irreverent author with writer's block, the pompous self-obsessed literature professor, the boring `tax man', and the idealistic anti-government protestor. But every single character in this film, from the office worker in the next cubicle to the personal assistant sent by Eiffel's publisher, Banneker Press (another mathematician reference) is likeable.<br /><br />However absurd the premise is, Stranger than Fiction is completely believable. However ridiculous the characters are, every one is absolutely realistic and multi-dimensional. Stranger than Fiction is a wonderful film, as easy on the eye and brain as any Hollywood blockbuster, but like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind manages to leave the viewer with more than they arrived with. For the literary minded, Stranger than Fiction is near perfect. For anyone else, well, I can't imagine anyone not liking it. It's funny, charming, sweet, but never dips into clich&eacute;. The acting is sensational, the script is full of linguistic power, and the film is fast paced and deep.<br /><br />Magdalena Ball is the author of [[ASIN:1904492967 Sleep Before Evening]]<br />\\"There is so much beautiful writing here, soaring passages.\\"y believable. However ridiculous the characters are, every one is absolutely realistic and multi-dimensional. Stranger than Fiction is a wonderful film, as easy on the eye and brain as any Hollywood blockbuster, but like Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind manages to leave the viewer with more than they arrived with. For the literary minded, Stranger than Fiction is near perfect. For anyone else, well, I can't imagine anyone not liking it. It's funny, charming, sweet, but never dips into clich. The acting is sensational, the script is full of linguistic power, and the film is fast paced and deep.    Magdalena Ball is the author of [[ASIN:1904492967 Sleep Before Evening]]  \\"There is so much beautiful writing here, soaring passages.\\"
0743289684|3.0|Hirsi Ali writes a fascinating account her experience as an child growing up in Islam Somalia.  The hardships of the culture, the wars, and the control of the masses by appeal to archaic religious believes is worth reading.  She describes the female circumcision she is subjected to, against the wishes of her parents, by her grandmother who still holds to this ancient and barbaric tradition that has been practiced since the times of the Pharohs.    To avoid an arranged marriage (her first marriage with a partner she choose, did not work out) she escaped to Holland where she is treated well, given the means to support herself and eventually even offered a position in parliament which she accepts.  One has to admire her courage and her fervent desire to take responsibility for herself.    Other reviewers have mentioned that she tends to confuse culture with religion; unfortunately this is accurate.  She rails against genital mutilation of young girls as a barbaric Islam traditon despite the fact that it is not practiced by the vast majority of Muslims.  She can be very shrill in her criticism, but does not seem ready to join in the education efforts that are becoming more common and successful in northern Africa to end this practice.    She is concerned with the violence she experienced as a child in her community and quite rightly criticizes the violence often perpetuated and threatened by Muslims.  But just as Pat Robertson does not speak for all of Christianity, the most radical of the Muslims are not representative of all of Islam.  Hirsi Ali seems unaware of the vast numbers of moderate Muslims who are just as horrified by the hatred of the extremists as she is.    Disenchanted with Holland when her citizenship was questioned as a result of lies she told to enter the country, Hirsi Ali has entered the United States to and is now associated with the Neocon American Enterprise Institute.      Like her, this group has done much to promote prejudice against Islam andsupports the denigration of the religion - in all forms.  She has come full circle from expressing hatred toward the west and Christianity, as she was taught as a child, to the mirror image of promoting war against Islam and stating that the west should not tolerate this religion.  She is still participating in efforts to promote perpetual war among people by inflaming religious prejudices. Now, however, it is Christian hatred and bigotry rather than Islamic hatred and bigotry and she is one who benefits rather than suffers from this ongoing turmoil and strife.    One hopes that Hirsi Ali might eventually use her considerable abilities of critical thinking towards her current associates and situation.  It is the  arrogance and bigotry of the neocon foreign policy that is largely responsible for inflaming and expanding the misogynistic conservative Islam she professes to hate.      One fears that she has become to attached to her new found power and wealth to recognize her contributions to the horrors of bigotry, ignorance, and violence that are increasingly encompassing our world.    A better book that shows more sides of Islam, as well as the sincere efforts of people to move beyond hatred, reduce ignorance, and eliminate misogyny in Islam is \\"Three Cups of Tea\\" by Greg Mortenson and David Oliver Relin.
1594489505|5.0|If you thought the Kite Runner was good, A Thousand Splendid Suns is even better than that. Can't wait to for him to release his next book!
B000I0QM0E|2.0|Blu-ray holds such promise, and this disc fails to deliver on it. Granted it was one of the earliest titles, but as mentioned it is grainy, and the colors don't exactly pop and sometimes it seems darker than it is probably supposed to be. I did not do a direct comparison with the DVD which I used to own, and while overall it is probably better looking due to increased details, i.e. you really see people's lines in their faces, etc., I'd suggest waiting until the re-do this and do it right unless you just must have it. Sounds good, but doesn't have the latest in audio either, such as an uncompressed track. It's also a 25GB, which is pointless when all Blu-rays with content of this length should be 50GB.
1582701709|3.0|Well-written regarding the metaphysics of the human potential movement ala Napoleon Hill. Concise and to-the-point.For an explanation of the human potential movement, see the article by Peter Teiman on \\"the religion of metaphysics and the metaphysics of religion\\".  Peter Teiman
B0000025AI|4.0|I'm a big fan of Johnny's work with Muddy Waters. And I'm familiar with Johnny's vocal style through those recordings and his solo work such as Still Alive And Well and the most recent I'm A Bluesman. I've also purchased the recent live concert release of Muddy, Johnny and James Cotton together following the release of Muddy's Hard Again. So Johnny's vocal style is no surprise.<br /><br />But here he reverts to this \\"growl\\" technique that for me ruins this otherwise fine CD. I think Johnny could have done just fine without it.<br /><br />(EDIT 8/10/10) I've lived with this CD for while, plus have greatly enjoyed the recent release of Johnny's Woodstock performance. I've pushed this review up one star, and I don't feel the same way about Johnny's vocals as I do today. This has become for me a key CD in the Johnny Winter/Muddy Waters Blue Sky period, and a must own for Winter fans.
B000065BPB|5.0|I sleep with these things on, they can be adjusted for comfort, they are not too tight for my head. I have never heard music as clear and crisp and I have 4 polk towers and they are going to be sold. If there is a better product I am sure it's not in my budget and it exceeds what my ears or a dog's ears could hear.  I recently bought the PX100s and the 202s and like the 100's, threw the 202s away.     The HD 280 could not be better for my needs. Unless you are superman your ears will not hear better quality from these phones.   As far as being well made, I just don't play hockey with them on.
B000PA9Q6E|4.0|What you absolutely need to know is that this CD features James Cotton and Johnny Winter on lead vocals as well as Muddy. Muddy sings the entire lead vocals on only two songs. He trades verses with Cotton and Winter on a few more, and Cotton and Winter take the lead on others as well.<br /><br />You also need to know that the vocals were not recorded well. That is even noted in the liner notes. Because of Cotton's vocal stylings, you can't even understand what he's singing at times.  For me, this is why I can't give this 5 stars. I'm not a huge fan of Winter's vocals, either, but here he is in fine form and doesn't revert to that \\"growl\\" he uses too often. (I think that vocal technique ruins his solo release during this period, Nothing But The Blues.)<br /><br />On the upside, this was without a doubt the best blues band ever assembled on stage or in the studio. If you go into this understanding what is contained on this CD, you can't be disappointed. But this is not the same as the all-Muddy live CD released from this period. It just isn't.
0743496728|5.0|This book is so artfully crafted and so magnificently heart-wrenching that I almost don't want to point out its flaws. Jodi Picoult has that ability to completely entrance you while freaking you out to the point where you want to put the book down at the same time. This could so easily happen in any high-school, the kids she described are so like the ones in my own; Peter's motives so tangible.    I usually steer away from these tragic stories, but once I got past the first page I could not stop reading. These characters and relationships are so well defined.  Still, there was that unsatisfied feeling that one little thing was missing; a proper ending.
B00005JPQL|5.0|This movie was such a refreshing surprise--the best movie I've seen all year.  There was not much advertising, and the synopses that I did read were dead-pan.  We bought tickets for Stardust, because the matinee happened to fit into a time slot that we wanted.  AND to think that I would have missed it for a second viewing of Harry Potter!       This movement-filled fantasy is filled with terrific special effects and great adult (not dirty) humor.  It's fun for ALL ages.  My 11 and 13 year old sons dreaded going, as they thought that it was going to be a soppy love story, and they literally sat on the edges of their seats during the movie, their popcorn forgotten.  While the action churned, the humor flowered into bouquets of laughter in the audience.  The humor was sometimes obvious, sometimes subtle, but it was never forced.  The parents were laughing, the 40-year old single guys were laughing, young couples were laughing along with laughing grandparents--what fun!       The interweaving of the journeys of the young man searching for the fallen star as a prize to win the hand of his dreamgirl, the witch seeking her for the fountain of youth and the prince seeking her for power, craft a delightful journey.  Robert DeNiro is a fabulous pirate captain in the best movie ship to date (move over Jack Sparrow)!  It's a fantasy, 18th century-looking amphibian, that takes electrical power from the clouds and lands in the ocean.         The story is not ever lost in the special effects, and the well-done scenes flow with time-forgetting movement.       What a surprise!  It's a keeper, and I'll buy the DVD.
1594489505|5.0|I hesitated in reading this because The Kite Runner was one of my top five favorite novels of all time and I was fearful that he couldn't create a second novel with the same sweeping power and a story that washes over you...takes you over.  But I was foolish.  Of course he can and he has done exactly that.  Different, yet familiar.  A beautiful writer who conjures a time and place so vivid, so beautiful and so raw that you feel a part of the story.  I highly recommend this book.  Bravo Mr. Hosseini.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|I'm amazed at how many people don't \\"get\\" this film- First I must say if this film were a painting, it would be the first impressionist painting ever painted- It's so new, so completely original that in my opinion it will be years before it's accepted as a truly ground breaking film.  One reviewer said that you could shuffle the scenes and still enjoy it, I agree, but one must take a step back and take it in as a whole, I know this is hard to do- it's nearly 3 hours. One observation I will make that I think is the key to this film- and I could be wrong, but I don't think so- Luara Derns character Nicki is NOT the women in trouble. The women in trouble watches a screen, and on the screen, she plays out her options, like one does in a dream- the mind works on problems, should she kill herself?, should she kill the women she becomes when she puts on a blond wig?, should she return to her family and live happily ever after? You will have to see the movie to find out-
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I'm a big fan of Sopranos, Rome, 24, and Entourage...and Dexter is more exciting to watch than all of these series.  It is extremely well done, and the show takes so many twists you are always on edge with sweaty hands and a quick beating heart.
B000SQKZKG|5.0|Recorded during their \\"Someone Get Me A Ladder\\" of 1973-74,\\"Welcome Back My Friends...\\" showcases this prog-rock trio at the height of their powers.Like The other Shout! Factory ELP remasters-[[ASIN:B000NVL9FQ Emerson, Lake & Palmer]],[[ASIN:B000NVL9KG Tarkus]],[[ASIN:B000OPO6UQ Pictures at an Exhibition]] and[[ASIN:B000OPO6VU Trilogy]]-this classic triple-LP set has finally gotten the sonic treament that ELP deserved but never had from previous 80's-90's masters.Remastered by Andy Pearce at Masterpiece London(just like others mentioned above),this mammoth album now has been fully allowed the full sonic impact of live ELP to be heard.Despite the lack of bonus tracks,fans of ELP and prog-rock shouldn't hesitate to pick up this reasonably-priced-at-2-discs remastered jewel.
B000B5OD4I|3.0|The watch is good, but the metal band is a very bad match for such a large watch.  The first two rings that hold the watch to the rest of the band continually bend.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|Unbelieveable. This album is her best effort, (far more than what I would have imagined) and I thought Breakaway couldn't be beat. My December is powerful and emotional. It has helped me through my breakup with the love of my life. \\"Sober,\\" \\"Don't Waste Your Time,\\" and \\"Judas\\" are the 'Standout-MOST-Tracks.' \\"Sober\\" made me cry alot, but it showed me I CAN move on, it's just that after a breakup, it takes time--lots of time--to heal. The album is so dark and personal to her and ME on so many levels. I am so proud of her for this, writing her own music and NOT doing what the label \\"wants.\\" You go Kelly. Other standouts are (the revengeful) \\"Never Again,\\" (the beautiful but dark) \\"Hunted,\\" (the soft) \\"Be Still,\\" and (dancy) \\"One Minute.\\"
1563890119|5.0|[Review written Apr 2004]<br /><br />Series Review: The Sandman<br /><br />What happens when you have an oh so rare confluence of supreme talents (each of whom are among the best in their respective fields) who team up to produce a graphical series ? You get a once-in-a-generation, cutting edge, high-water-mark masterpiece like this one.<br /><br />Speaking as a former hardcore collector with over 5,000+ issues at home, this series is easily one of the very best graphic novels ever produced, period. No questions asked.<br /><br />This fabulous comic series has been conveniently re-published by Vertigo as an 11-part Graphic Novel:<br /><br />1: Preludes & Nocturnes<br />2: The Doll's House<br />3: Dream Country<br />4: Season of Mists<br />5: A Game of You<br />6: Fables & Reflections<br />7: Brief Lives<br />8: World's End<br />9: The Kindly Ones<br />10: The Wake<br />11: Endless Nights<br /><br />What's it about ?<br /><br />Basically it's a long series of 11 sweepingly surreal short stories, told a GN format, about \\"The Endless\\" ... a quasi-divine extended dysfunctional family of metaphorical beings who struggle with their overall role in the greater scheme of things (i.e., reality), with each other, and with the mortals whose lives they intersect. Their names are Dream, Destiny, Death, Desire, Despair, Delight/Delirium and Destruction.<br /><br />I'll close with an eloquent excerpt from the prelude of Book 4, by Harlan Ellison (himself one of the most acclaimed and award winning short story writer currently living):<br /><br />Harlan Ellison gushed:<br /><br />\\"Possibly the only dismaying aspect of excellence is that it makes living in a world of mediocrity an ongoing prospect of living hell ... how dreary and burdensome and filled with anomie are the remainder of one's waking hours trapped in the shackled lock-step of the merely ordinary, the barely acceptable, the just ok and not a stroke better ...<br /><br />In any field of endeavor, an occasional talent will manifest itself and, through its bare existence, we perceive how mundane has been the effort [prior to that point] in that field or genre ... and recognize how much higher thereafter is the high water mark.<br /><br />The point being: {Edit: the peerless excellence of} Neil Gaiman's work on The Sandman ...\\"<br /><br />High recommendation marks from moi. A must read for anyone who enjoys high brow surreal fantasy.point] in that field or genre ... and recognize how much higher thereafter is the high water mark.     The point being: {Edit: the peerless excellence of} Neil Gaiman's work on The Sandman ...\\"     High recommendation marks from moi. A must read for anyone who enjoys high brow surreal fantasy.
1401302378|5.0|This is an insightful book into the today's world of retail business. Cool examples of how the Internet has leveled the playing field for many small businesses and artist.
0380789035|4.0|Winner of the 2002 Hugo award for best novel.<br /><br />In the story, \\"Shadow\\", who manages to remain something of an enigma despite being the central character of the story, becomes embroiled in a free-ranging and very surreal metaphysical/metaphorical struggle between the Gods ... both ancient and new, foreign and domestic. During the story, Shadow also undergoes an epic journey of his own, that is both physical in nature, as well as something of a spiritual \\"walkabout\\" of the soul. I won't say more, in order to avoid giving out any \\"spoilers\\".<br /><br />It's a great book, and it's classic Gaiman - suffused as it is with motifs ranging from ancient history and mythology, folklore, religion, archeology & anthropology, philosophy, magic (both real and sleight of hand), world travel, pop culture & music, esoteric and classical literature, and so much more.<br /><br />Gaiman's works resonate deeply with me, because he's one of the very few authors out there who, like me, is obviously a fan of Joseph Campbell, and an avid student of ancient mythology and folklore. Somewhere inside  me lies a part that was subconsciously planning to write a book like this one someday, and that part of me feels a slight pang of loss seeing it done first, and better, by someone else. I felt much the same way when the original \\"The Crow\\" movie came out, which bore many resemblances to a shadowrun character I'd been working on fairly heavily at the time.<br /><br />In any case, it's highly recommended. If you enjoyed \\"The Sandman\\", you will enjoy this novel too, because it's spiritually related in both general theme and substance.<br /><br />NOTE: Please be advised that the idiots who published this book included a major spoiler when they penned the blurb for the back cover ... so, my advice is that you do NOT read that blurb until after you finish the book.
B000007SIJ|1.0|The album is obvious a classic this review is for the DVD-Audio that sellers are listing item as. I purchased two they were both DTS-CD don't get me wrong it still sounds good but if you want a DVD-Audio disc ask before you purchase.<br />MOST OF TRACK 1 \\"SPACE INTRO\\" IS LEFT OUT ON THE DTS-CD RELEASE.<br />DID THEY THINK NO ONE WOULD NOTICE?
0880389052|5.0|Series review: The Dark Elf Trilogy<br /><br />This series is easily one of the best written, and the best selling, series in the entire Forgotten Realms genre.<br /><br />It is the story of Drizzt Do'Urden, a dark elf loner, and an outcast from the underdark. His crime ? Being the lone heart of gold in a civilization devoted to darkness, the worship of an evil goddess, the pursuit of power and endless inter-clan warfare.<br /><br />The trilogy follows Drizzt, a master swordsman/ranger, as he makes his way out of the underdark, towards a new life among the surface peoples ... only to encounter distrust and bigotry, which he has to fight tirelessly to overcome. It's an epic saga in the grand tradition, with enough swordfights, spells, and monsters to please even the most the most jaded gamer.
B00062ZE3U|5.0|Please burn any of your Evanescence CD's you own NOW! and go buy this CD and you will know why I told you to. Sharon del Adel makes Amy Lee sound like a 86 year-old chain smoker. After buying \\"The Heart of Everything\\" a few weeks back, I ordered this disc as it was nowhere to found in my area. Everything about this album is simply amazing and only rivaled by \\"Vinland Saga\\" by Leaves' Eyes....of which I own every album they've produced. Please do not give Evanescence any more of your hard earned money and look to Europe for all your Goth metal needs :)
630439845X|5.0|I enjoy PERIOD films so, with a writer/director and cast, such as these, I KNEW I would NOT be disappointed.  HOWEVER... \\"THE PIANO\\" went WAY BEYOND MY EXPECTATIONS!  LADIES... THIS FILM IS, to use today's vernacular, the \\"HOTTEST FILM\\" I have EVER SEEN!  I BELIEVE ONLY another WOMAN will TRULY COMPREHEND when I say, \\"Several of the scenes with Harvey Keitel and Holly Hunter are BREATHTAKING, ELECTRIFYING, Good Old Fashioned SWOONINGLY HEART-STOPPING, SHOCKINGLY LUSCIOUS, INSIDIOUSLY INTIMATE, and TORRIDLY HOT*HOT*HOT!!!\\"  It takes a while to get to these scenes but they are DEFINITELY WORTH the WAIT!!!  You MUST KNOW this film HAD TO BE WRITTEN and DIRECTED BY A WOMAN; Anna Paquin!  I believe over half of the film's staff were female as well.  In my opinion, NO ONE in the film industry has even gotten CLOSE to doing such a FANTASTIC JOB of LITERALLY CREATING such a MYRIAD of EMOTIONAL and PHYSICAL RESPONSES, NOT ONLY from her ACTORS but ALSO her FEMALE AUDIENCE!  \\"Anna Paquin, Harvey Keitel, Holly Hunter and the rest of the Staff are PHENOMENAL!!!\\"  I have the film, \\"The Piano\\", listed in my PERSONAL, \\"TOP 10 FILMS OF ALL TIMES\\"!  ***I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT ANY WOMAN, who has NOT SEEN \\"THE PIANO\\", SEE IT ASAP OTHERWISE, YOU WILL BE MISSING OUT ON ONE OF THE \\"BEST FILMS EVER MADE\\"!!!
B000Q9IZ5C|4.0|There's two types of people reading this review - [[ASIN:B0000AQS0F Firefly]] fans and non-Firefly fans.  If you aren't familiar with the show, this isn't for you.  And if you *are* familiar with the show, you probably don't need me to tell you whether or not to see Serenity.  That being the case, read on for my impressions.    Quick history review: Joss Whedon, overall creator guy, enjoys cult success from [[ASIN:B000AQ68RI Buffy]] and [[ASIN:B000I0QLQY Angel]].  Of note is his practice to lay out the overall arc of the show several years in advance.  The first season of Firefly is made, shown half-assedly and out of order, and canceled, leaving lots of unanswered questions.  The DVD release of Firefly leads to it becoming a cult favorite in line with his other shows, and a movie deal was made.     It's pretty obvious from the get-go that Serenity is here to (among other things) try and wrap up the show, tying up loose ends in both the present and past of Firefly's canon.  And it works on that front, if somewhat clumsily.  We see why some big things in Mal's universe are the way they are, and that's good.      The visuals are pleasing, and avoid many of the modern sci-fi pitfalls.  Rarely if ever are we violently pulled from enjoying the movie by blue-screen bonanzas, and while the scope of the movie makes the ship feel less cozy than it did on the small screen, it beats the sharp CG-to-cheap-set transition of movies like Red Planet.    The sound is booming and epic, which is actually sort of a problem.  The twangy guitars and soundless space scenes have been traded in for a big movie score and roaring thrusters.  While this effectively Hollywoodizes things, it takes away from the flavor of the property and eliminates one of the more enjoyable aspects of the show.    At its heart, Serenity doesn't feel genuine.  It's a TV show dressing up as a movie, like a kid trying on his big brother's suit and looking faintly ridiculous.  The big movie parts are forced and somewhat hollow, and the little TV moments that haven't been discarded are stifled and overshadowed by the epic bits.  Think of the parts in Wayne's World on the paid set and you'll have a good idea of what I mean.    The irony of the whole thing is that by trying to broaden the appeal of the characters and universe, Serenity has become an uninviting movie which will appeal only to those already in love with it.  It's good on those terms, but you won't walk away as blown away as you'll want to be.
B000063DIH|5.0|Ok, so many of you may not agree that this album is amazing.  But I don't care, I grew up listening to Maiden and this is definitely my favorite album of theirs!  It's awesome!  I love every single song on it.  Give it a chance.  If you like Maiden and you like the dark side of rock, this is right up your alley and I'm sure you could find it for pretty darn cheap these days, so it's worth it!  Maiden 4 Ever!!!
B0000047CX|5.0|I read a review for this CD in one of my women's magazines as a good jazz blues cd that would be something you could throw in your cd player and play through during a dinner party or martini party.  My husband and I love it.  I was a bit skeptical when I saw how long it has been around, but we keep ours in our disc changer and play it often!
1878424505|5.0|In our modern culture with all kinds of technology and sophisticated lifestyles, we tend to take a lot of things for granted: how we learned the things we know and do, as well as the the words and language we use. We can go all of our lives without examining these things closer and then wonder why satisfaction and well-being elude us and why the same \\"problem\\" situations and people continually \\"reappear\\" in our lives. In The Four Agreements, Don Miguel Ruiz shines a light on some very basic and simple ideas that can have a profound effect on the quality of life.  He examines those things that most of us never thought to examine: how we use our own words, take things personally, make assumptions and over or underestimate ourselves.  The result is living life authentically and discovering who you truly are.    I love how he talks about what it means to be impeccable with your word.  He defines impeccable as \\"without sin,\\" or \\"without going against yourself,\\" including judging or blaming yourself or anyone else for anything.  The Four Agreements' clarity, simplicity and quality remind me of another incredible book about experiencing true well-being on a day-to-day basis: [[ASIN:1888043040 Working on Yourself Doesn't Work: A Book About Instantaneous Transformation]] by Ariel & Shya Kane.  In their book, the Kanes talk about the three Princicples of  Transformation and give practical examples and insights into living life with ease.  With both books, I come away feeling that just the act of reading them is enough to bring a new awareness into my life. A lasting and profound awareness where I don't have to \\"do\\" anything. I highly recommend them both!
B000NVIXFK|4.0|When the 3-chord flash bands of today are still filling arenas in 30 years, THEN we'll talk.    Geddy and the boys can still run circles around most of the musicians 40 years their junior.    Long Live Rush. Another great album.
0743289684|5.0|This is a fantastic description of life in Islam.  Ayaan Hirsi Ali explains in very honestly what she has had to deal with in her life.  As an ex muslim myself, she is a brave example for the rest of us women struggling with the threats and violence of Islam. This is a must read book for those who do not have the time or patience to study Islam and Islamic culture. It should be mandatory reading for High School Students in the west.  Anyone who has to risk their lives to tell the truth is revolutionary. These days the truth is a revoluntionary act and Ayaan Hirsi Ali is a pioneer and my hero.
B0000007BI|5.0|I'd listen many versions (historical and modern)and I consider Herreweghe's one of the best. The strenght, the tragic, the spirit, the terror, as well as the light and glory of this masterpiece are present in this monumental production. Superb orchestra and chorus. Magnificent.
B000UX6THK|5.0|Pilot: five stars.<br />Season one: five stars.<br />Season two: two stars.<br />DVD Extras: five stars.<br /><br />This show is timeless. It has great music, unforgettable characters, labyrinthine plots, the perfect setting, and does it all while being simultaneously disturbingly alienating and engrossingly, invitingly, quirky. It's a blast to settle in and watch, even today when I know if not all the answers, then at least what is going to happen. Talk about a landmark show, without Twin Peaks would there have ever been Northern Exposure? The X Files? Even in this decade, HBO's Carnivale? At its best, Twin Peaks showcased how good American network television could still be. At its worst...well, I won't concentrate on the flaws or what Twin Peaks became when its writers and cast ran low on inspiration and in general let the series hang around a little too long. (Are you reading this, makers of Lost?) I remember growing up I heard so much about this series that I wanted to watch it, and because it featured murder, incest and the like, my dad said I wasn't allowed, which naturally made me all the more determined to see it no matter what. Eventually I rented the pilot episode and was blown away by how great Twin Peaks was. I had to struggle for years to find episodes taped off TV, and usually these were multi-generation bootlegs with poor quality. Eventually I saw everything, from the pilot to Fire Walk With Me, but it's still a luxury to actually own it all on DVD.
B000BVQ9JO|1.0|Love the first song, can't even listen to the rest. Simplistic and repetitive, this CD kicks the band's downward spiral since \\"Is This It?\\" into overdrive. The music is lame, uninspired and overproduced. It looks as though they spent twice as long on the booklet/packaging as they did on the actual music. I believe in the genuine spirit of rock-n-roll, but \\"First Impressions of Earth\\" is just sloppy, lazy and a slap in the face to fans. BOOOOO!
B00004XPPB|5.0|This is one of the great realist mafia films:  you see guys in stalled \\"careers\\" making bad decisions and desperate to score in order to placate greedy bosses.  Their world is dangerous and empty, utterly lacking in trust and glamour.  Enter Donnie, who exploits a mark's frustrations and some of the good side of his character, an older man who is willing to mentor him in the ways of the wise guys.  While you catch glimpses of the bosses, who exude an arrogant malevolence, it is all about their bag boys, the \\"spokes on the wheel.\\"  There is nothing romantic about their world.<br /><br />The acting in this film is truly superb, in particular the chemistry between Pacino and Depp.  Warmly recommended.
B000A0GP4K|5.0|Bob Dylan sings about us. He lets us in on his childhood to struggle to learn styles to a break at Columbia Records and his instant fame which was not an instant at all.    He sings about individuals. He lets us know as he used to do the rounds of Cafes at New York's Village where he decided to strike a chord with at least one listener. Aiming to target his audience out, he further enhanced his skills and style learning as much in 2 months in the Village as someone may learn in a lifetime of playing music.     If Dylan sold his dirt I would buy it. I am that obsessed with his persona and music.     This documentary does a great job and bringing us his roots. Incredible footage of not just Dylan but that of those artists who inspired him to be what he is. Most of all his love of Woody Gunthrie's music. He grew up from a small town nobody to a National and International sensation.    A man with his voice at that time couldn't even make a buck, while Dylan with his choice of words and topics revolutionised the entire Music Industry.     Country music or mainstream - he is a Rock Star like no other.    Still counting he is publishing more records and setting new standards. Martin Scorcese lets us visit the humble star who talk candidly about his meetings, performances, influences and success. Truly magical world revealed here as we see how from Jack Kerouac's On the Road to a book on Woody Gunthrie feels like home to the teenage Dylan.     A world of misfits and he fits at ease in it. Thinking what others can't dream of, he merges and weaves and intertwines styles and stories to make an incredible form of music with unmatched pace.    This is true homage to the legend that is Bob Dylan.    Thank You \\"whomever it may concern\\" for this documentary.
B000PHX8C0|3.0|Devildriver proves that they can provide the masses with heavy, brutal and downright awesome metal. The only problem is that there are already enough metal bands flooding the world with the same metal sound over and over again,  and Devlidriver's sound is no different than the thousands of metal bands that have emerged since 2001.    Last Kind Words is pummeling in ferocity, the musicianship is top notch, and Dez's vocals (who's last band Coal Chamber was the worst disgrace on the planet) is actually quite decent on here. Lyrics are standard metal fare, as is the speed and heaviness of this band. Basically, everything about this band is standard metal fare.  And that is the issue that I have with this album. After a while (meaning two or three listens), the music gets really boring and old, something that SHOULD NOT happen with a brand new CD.    Sadly, there is not much else to say other than that. Devildriver do NOTHING original or unique or out of the ordinary. If you are alright with that, then you will surely get your metal fix with this album. However, if you are like me and you desire something new and improved, original, unique and completely different than every that has come before it, keep looking cause you won't find it here.    Great heavy/speedy metal that is very enjoyable but nothing spectacular.
0307346609|5.0|Well-written, broad-ranging, clever.  Believable.  Loved this author and will now buy the Zombie Guide (just in case this book was true, and we just have been shielded from the truth...)
B00006ADD5|1.0|This was one of my favorite movies years ago, which proves its excellent worth, for there are no women in it!  No love interest!  And you don't realize it, you don't miss it at all!  GREAT movie!    BUT - I won't buy it on DVD unless it has English sub-titles.  Otherwise it is of little use to me in my old age!  The description of the DVD says nothing about sub-titles; does that mean there are none, or is their lack of mention merely an oversight??    Susan
0385733577|5.0|5 stars/     POTTER HAS A WORTHY SUCCESSOR     I first read about Nicholas Flamel in HP1.  But I never realised he was a real character until a friend told me about The Alchemyst, and said that I had to read it.  If you have finished HP and are looking for a new series to dive into, then this is it.  Set in the contemporary world, it is the story of two ordinary 15 year olds who discover that magic is real and that the gods and creatures of mythology are still around.  The entire story takes place over two days and just zooms along.  When I finished, I immediatly started again, reading it more slowly and this time I had just as much fun checking up on all the characters Scott mentions in the book.  I especially love Scathach - the 2,500 year old female warrior, who is also a vegetarian vampire.  I love the fact that JKR herself mentions Flamel again in HP7, it is almost as if she is passing the baton onto Michael Scott.  The first chapter of book 2, The Magician, is included in this book.  I need to read the rest, right now.
B000EQ5SR0|3.0|Setting aside the technical wizadry that makes \\"Aeon Flux\\" watchable, this is an ambitious science fiction story that is grounded by its reliance on oppression as its overarching theme. This is the same thing that happened with similar sci-fi flicks including \\"The Island\\" and \\"V For Vendetta\\" -- they all revolve around futuristic societies where the action takes place after war or other calamity.<br /><br />In \\"Aeon Flux\\" the society is set in 2415 after a plague has taken all but 5 million residents (who all seem beautiful and able to speak English.) They reside inside a walled society that separates them from a world nature has taken over -- similar to \\"The Island\\", where all the inhabitants tried their best to get to the island without knowing they were stuck inside a tiny little world.<br /><br />Star Charlize Theron is magnificent in the James Bond-ish lead role as a member of the underground fighting to overthrow the leadership -- not unlike the Zorro-like character in \\"V For Vendetta\\" whose goal was to topple the totalitarian government in place in England.<br /><br />Theron gets an assignment to assassinate a member of the ruling party and the action takes a decided turn in another direction. She recalls a previous life with this guy and doesn't kill him. She ends up in prison, escapes, kills some people, meets him again, and finds out more about their collective past -- all in the time it took my wife to go to the bathoroom!<br /><br />At this point the story changes changes and, without disclosing much, the notion of cloning begins to play a major role. This separates those that want to go backward to the old way (revolutionaries) from those that want to keep things the way they are now (ruling party). I don't recall what happened at the end of the flick so I can't spoil that for you.<br /><br />\\"Aeon Flux\\" has many fine and involving moments of action and imaginative scenes, has many wonderful sets, is marvelously lit, and benefits from a fine actress in the lead role whose outfits will keep male viewers attached to the screen if not to the storyline. That last thing, the story, becomes a bit bizarre and borders on incoherence once or twice during the telling of the story, so expect to be confused on occasion.<br /><br />The bottom line: \\"Aeon Flux\\" is a visual treat and somewhat entertaining as 21st century sci-fi with all its technical details in place. It is neither a film for the ages nor in any way individual compared to other movies of its type that have been made in recent years. But, considering the original was a cartoon, this is an improvement over that.le viewers attached to the screen if not to the storyline. That last thing, the story, becomes a bit bizarre and borders on incoherence once or twice during the telling of the story, so expect to be confused on occasion.    The bottom line: \\"Aeon Flux\\" is a visual treat and somewhat entertaining as 21st century sci-fi with all its technical details in place. It is neither a film for the ages nor in any way individual compared to other movies of its type that have been made in recent years. But, considering the original was a cartoon, this is an improvement over that.
B000MRAAJM|2.0|The HD video quality is top notch.....but its a little on the boring side watching animals do boring animal things.  My advice is for you to rent this or just skip it all together because its very boring unless you are really into animals.  Personally I would rather watch an action movie in HD than disgusting animals slober all over themselves in 1080p.
B000RZGIOA|1.0|If you haven't heard the reason why this won't be released it's this:Without going into a huge amount of detail,Microsoft paid Paramount/Dreamworks 150 million dollars to go HD-DVD exclusive with absolutely no support for Blu-ray in the near future even though BD is outselling HD-DVD 2 to 1.That now means that any Paramount Blu-rays that are listed for pre-order on Amazon are now null...So basically Paramount is in Bill Gates pocket right now and will remain there for at least the next 18 months.Well,all I can say is that Paramount has lost a customer in me and my guess is that they will regret their decision eventually in lost profits and since many are very critical of their short-sightedness including Michael Bay and Steven Speilberg (who now won't let Paramount release any of his films in HD-DVD)....So thanks again Paramount.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|JUST A GREAT PIECE OF CINEMA FROM THE MASTER OF SURREAL MOVIES. I CAN'T BEGIN TO EXPLAIN THE PLOT SO I WON'T TRY. ALL I CAN SAY FOR SURE IS THAT IF YOU LIKED ERASERHEAD YOU WILL PROBABLY LIKE THIS FILM TOO. IT IS A LITTLE LONG,BUT YOU'LL FIND YOURSELF WATCHING IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN BECAUSE THERE IS ALOT TOO EXPERENCE/SEE IN THIS FLICK.IT WILL TAKE YOU ABOUT 3,MAYBE FOUR TRYS TO FULLY EXPERENCE/WATCH,THERE IS A LOT OF IMAGES/PLOT TURNS/MYSTERIOUS/WEIRD HAPPENINGS IN THIS MOVIE. I WAS LUCKY ENOUGH TO WATCH IT TWICE IN A CINEMA IN LOS ANGELES AND EACH TIME I VIEWED IT, IT WAS LIKE WATCHING IT FOR THE FIRST TIME, YOU SEE DIFFRENT THINGS EVERYTIME YOU WATCH IT.    AS FOR THE EXTRAS DISK YOU GET WITH THIS DVD, GREAT TOO. YOU GET THREE TRAILERS FOR THE MOVIE,YOU SEE DAVID COOK A MEAL FOR HIMSELF THAT LOOKS AT LEAST INTERESTING AND VERY DELICIOUS TOO. ALSO INCLUDED IS A SHORT FILM CALLED BALLARINA (PROBABLY SPELLLED THAT WRONG)IT'S JUST SIMPLY (IN MY OPINON)WHAT A BALARINA PROBALY WOULD LOOK LIKE IN DAVID LYNCHS' WORLD,COMPLETE WITH OUT OF FOCUS SHOTS,FOG,AND HIS TRADEMARK \\"INDUSTRIAL NOISE\\" BACKROUND SOUND.I REALLY ENJOYED WATCHING ALL OF THIS LAST NIGHT ON MY COPY OF THE DVD,VERY INTERESTING AS ALWAYS. WELL, I HOPE YOU ENJOY THE FILM THANKS FOR READING MY REVIEW. RATING : ***** (5 STARS)    P.S. : I INCLUDED SOME PICS ABOVE OF THE COVER,THE COVER HAS IS AN OLDER DRAFT OF THE MOVIE POSTER.SEE YA!
B00005MP58|5.0|Pride and Prejudice has been my favorite of Jane Austen's books ever since I first read it in high school. When the A & E miniseries came out in 1996, I had high hopes because I had read about the producer's devotion to the book. I was not disappointed; I loved everything about it! The costumes are correct, the setting is ideal with amazing Regency details in every shot, and the acting is spot on. The Bennett family and all the other characters are exactly as I imagined them, due to the tremendous performances by the whole cast.<br />Benjamin Whitrow is perfect as the long-suffering Mr. Bennett; his dry sense of humor really comes through. Alison Steadman is hilarious as Mrs. Bennett (all fluff and histrionics), and Crispin Bonham-Carter makes a very sweet Bingley. Julia Sawalha is sassy as the irrepressible (and irresponsible) Lydia. David Bamber (also plays Cicero in HBO's Rome) is tremendous fun as Mr. Collins, and Barbara Leigh-Hunt steals every scene as Lady Catherine deBourgh.<br /> But of course, the two best performances come from Jennifer Ehle as Miss Elizabeth Bennett and Colin Firth as (sigh) Mr. Darcy. There is so much chemistry between them, and it is a joy to watch their verbal parrying. Both of these actors have very expressive eyes, and when Lizzie comes to the rescue of Darcy's sister Georgiana, the look that passes between Lizzie and Darcy is unmistakable: there is now no doubt that they are meant to be together. Colin Firth makes Darcy look so totally and completely in love at this point, it makes me swoon every time I see it! ;-)<br />Which brings me to my final point: my husband and I have watched this DVD many times and we seem to enjoy it more with every viewing. This is a classic and by far the best interpretation of Pride and Prejudice that I have ever seen. (Okay, I know the pond scene isn't in the book, but it's so fun I thought it was a nice addition). Love it, love it, love it!
B000QQH4YS|5.0|Got this today. Just for clarafication Disc 1 has the OTV (Original Theatrical Version) and Disc 2 has what they're calling \\"The Extended Version\\". This is the unrated version that came out on Laserdisc (Anybody?) which was the original cut of the film that was threatened with an NC-17 rating. They cut about 25 seconds and got an R rating. The OTV runs 1:42:40 and the unrated version runs 1:43:05. Hardly an extended version. This realease does have DTS 5.1 on both versions, which I'm looking forward to. What amazes me is that nowhere on the packaging does it indicate that there are two versions of the film in the set! All that said, Robocop is a true gem of 80's cinema. Truly extraordinary. It seemed at the time that a guy in a robot suit would work, not! It does though, although it was a rare accomplishment, i.e. Robocop II, etc. And thru this man/machine story we catch a unique glimpse of what it is to be human...
0385341067|5.0|\\"Mister Pip\\" by Lloyd Jones is the wondrous coming-of-age story about Matilda Laimo, a 13-year old Papua New Guinean child living on the island of Bougainville. It is an enchanting, lyrical, lush, and politically powerful tale by a prize-winning author of world-standing literary ability. The book has already won the 2007 Commonwealth Prize for literature and is currently among thirteen titles longlisted for the 2007 Booker Prize. It has been sold for distribution in the United States for an unprecedented sum; even if the author fails to win the Booker Prize, it will still make him a millionaire. If the book wins the Booker Prize, it is destined to be a big-time modern literary and popular crossover bestseller.<br /><br />The story is set in 1991. The mainland Papua New Guinean government is involved in a civil war with the inhabitants of Bougainville, a large island off its southeastern edge--an island abundant in gold and copper resources. The population and culture of Bougainville is more similar to the Solomon Islands archipelago. where it belongs geographically  rather than to any of the diverse mainland tribes of Papua New Guinea. As the novel begins, the child is barely aware of the conflict. She is black, and she views the invading government forces as foreign redskins.<br /><br />Matilda lives in a tranquil primitive coastal village of no more than 60 people. They live in dirt-floored huts, and easily get all the food they need from the surrounding bountiful jungle and ocean. But in 1991, everything changes when the government chooses to blockade the island. Subsequently, all white people, including the village's teacher, missionary, doctor, etc., take the last boat off the island. All leave except Mr. Watts, an eccentric white man living a reclusive life with his black island wife in an old missionary house near the village--a house completely hidden by tall grass left uncut for decades. As the blockade progresses, all supplies slowly go scarce, then disappear altogether. There are no more canned foods, no more gasoline for the electrical generators, no more medicines. Babies start dying once again from malaria. The island children, freed from school, are aimless. The island quickly and easily returns to the way that life has been lived there for thousands of years.<br /><br />The author, Lloyd Jones, knows this subject first-hand--he served as a journalist in Bougainville \\"where the most unspeakable things happened without once raising the ire of the outside world.\\"  And that is indeed true.  I consider myself well informed on world matters, yet before I read this novel and did some background research about the setting, I had no idea about the great inhumanity that this island endured during its 10-year-long civil war. The war ultimately cost the lives of more than 11% of the island's inhabitants...and the world, for the most part, completely ignored the events.<br /><br />Violence does occur in this novel, and it is \\"unspeakable,\\" but the author treats this subject carefully--we are spared undue shock, and it is not the focus. This book can, and will, appeal to all readers, including young adults.<br /><br />The main story begins when Mr. Watts decides to reopen the schoolroom and become the village's temporary teacher. He teaches the children by reading aloud Charles Dickens' \\"Great Expectations.\\" The children quickly become totally entranced. They fall in love with the books main character, Mister Pip.  Lovingly, Matilda builds an oceanfront shrine to Mister Pip--a fictional character that has become more alive to her than anything else in her impoverished environment. But this simple act of love brings violence into her life and the life of her community. The government \\"redskins\\" see the shrine from their helicopters and are sure that Mister Pip is a hidden rebel leader.<br /><br />For me the most wondrous aspect of this novel is the prose--completely fresh and original. There is a rhythmic quality to the writing that is wholly new, and hard to analyze. The prose has a lovely and lyrical overall simplicity. The writing compelled me inside the story; I became part of that alien, primitive world.<br /><br />There is an important moral message within this novel. According to Mr. Watts: \\"to be human is to be moral, and you can't have a day off when it suits.\\" Personally, it makes me think about the fact that we are all living on a large island--planet Earth. Like Bougainville, Earth is rife with conflicts and, for me, the most important are environmental degradation and global warming. Are we going to do the moral thing, even if it doesn't suit?<br /><br />So far I have read two other novels shortlisted for the 2007 Booker Prize: \\"[[ASIN:0385522401 On Chesil Beach: A Novel]]\\" by Iwan McEwan, and \\"[[ASIN:0151013047 The Reluctant Fundamentalist]]\\" by Mohsin Hamid. Each I have reviewed on Amazon, and recommend highly. They all are exceptional examples of modern literarature, and all have important messages to convey.The prose has a lovely and lyrical overall simplicity. The writing compelled me inside the story; I became part of that alien, primitive world.    There is an important moral message within this novel. According to Mr. Watts: \\"to be human is to be moral, and you can't have a day off when it suits.\\" Personally, it makes me think about the fact that we are all living on a large island--planet Earth. Like Bougainville, Earth is rife with conflicts and, for me, the most important are environmental degradation and global warming. Are we going to do the moral thing, even if it doesn't suit?     So far I have read two other novels shortlisted for the 2007 Booker Prize: \\"[[ASIN:0385522401 On Chesil Beach: A Novel]]\\" by Iwan McEwan, and \\"[[ASIN:0151013047 The Reluctant Fundamentalist]]\\" by Mohsin Hamid. Each I have reviewed on Amazon, and recommend highly. They all are exceptional examples of modern literarature, and all have important messages to convey.
1881273989|5.0|Over the years I have counseled many people purchased many, many excellent relationship books, despite the slight Religious References this book is among the top ten, no the top 3 under essential reading. Here advice seems simple untill you start practicing, it takes a bit of work, but the results are excellent! I intend to buy more copies of this and her book for couples on The Five love Languages, to give away. Her advice is excellent for anyone who wants to get along better with someone in their life, family, friends, business associates well as Significent Others.
1400097029|5.0|Can a book about death, grieving and isolation from life be sensuous? That, most certainly, was the feeling that this exquisitely written book evoked in me.<br /><br />Imagine strolling through a world famous art gallery and gazing at the paintings, many of which you already know so well from books or lectures. No doubt many of the paintings would have somber, dark themes, yet somehow the beauty of the art overwhelms, bringing forth awe, enthusiasm...even joy. That is the feeling that reading John Banville's Man Booker award winning novel, \\"The Sea,\\" was like for this reader.<br /><br />Max Morden, the narrator, is not an easy character to understand or like. It is precisely his strangeness that keeps us reading. We live in his mind for the entire novel, yet somehow the reader can't quite come to terms with what makes Max the miserable, grieving, self-loathing, isolated man he appears to be.<br /><br />By profession, Max is an art historian, apparently involved in researching and writing a scholarly book on Pierre Bonnard. But he thinks of himself as \\"a man of scant talent and scanter ambition.\\" He is disappointed in life, disappointed in his daughter, and disappointed in himself.<br /><br />After the death of his wife, Anna, Max returns to the only other place in his life where he felt a whole person: The Cedars, a seaside villa run as a boarding house. It was here, as a young boy, that he first experienced love and death. It is the intertwining stories of that time, the recent past, and the present that make up the story line of the novel.<br /><br />Max is a man who dreams that he owns a typewriter without the letter \\"i.\\" He prefers dispassionately to observe life. Banville gives us few glimpses of him actually participating in life. For Max, life passes before him like images on a tableau and people seem to exist for him alone and not in their own right. How odd, therefore, that he views himself as being made real only through people.<br /><br />Max marries his wife because she gave him the chance to fulfill his fantasy of himself. He remembers her with great tenderness. Yet the only time in the novel where Max allows himself to rage against his loss is when you find him thinking: \\"how could you go and leave me like this, floundering in my own foulness, with no one to save me from myself. How could you.\\"<br /><br />Usually, the reader is drawn positively to a protagonist. But with \\"The Sea,\\" the reader is drawn irresistibly to the beauty of the text. The reader falls in love with the words. One novelist, Nabokov, and two poets, Gerard Manley Hopkins and T. S. Eliot, frequently came to my mind while savoring this book.<br /><br />I read a library copy, but when I finished I bought my own copy. I look forward to reading this book again--like revisiting a favorite poem, or reviewing a grand painting, I am sure I will enjoy it completely anew.lfill his fantasy of himself. He remembers her with great tenderness. Yet the only time in the novel where Max allows himself to rage against his loss is when you find him thinking: \\"how could you go and leave me like this, floundering in my own foulness, with no one to save me from myself. How could you.\\"     Usually, the reader is drawn positively to a protagonist. But with \\"The Sea,\\" the reader is drawn irresistibly to the beauty of the text. The reader falls in love with the words. One novelist, Nabokov, and two poets, Gerard Manley Hopkins and T. S. Eliot, frequently came to my mind while savoring this book.     I read a library copy, but when I finished I bought my own copy. I look forward to reading this book again--like revisiting a favorite poem, or reviewing a grand painting, I am sure I will enjoy it completely anew.
B000GRUMPU|3.0|This could have been a great movie. Even though it had impressive special effects, it just didn't have the cast. The movie was too short. It should have spent more time building on the characters. Like I said, it could have been a really great movie.
B00005JLCI|5.0|I had this pre-ordered after seeing it when it first came out.  Like most people I usually read my Shakespeare and find \\"updates\\" overly busy  productions that just get in the way.  Not this one.  This is not a gimmick.  Blenheim itself becomes the stage world for Hamlet and with that done the play translates easily into film without any \\"How cute\\" moments.
B000N6UERK|5.0|D&eacute;j&agrave; Vu  (DVD)<br /><br />D&eacute;j&agrave; Vu  starring Denzel Washington is an outstanding movie.  Of course I don't know if Denzel was ever in a bad movie.  Anyhow, the movie has a slight Science Fiction aura, its basic premise is a machine that can look back in time for approximately 96 hours, no more, no less.  A ferry is blown up and this machine is used to solve the crime.  The movie is set in the city of New Orleans, BTW.<br /><br />Gunner  August 2,007
B000002KCV|5.0|Handyman declares :\\"Comes A Time\\" is  the most nearly perfect single  Neil Young album .      Timeless, simple tunes perfect for a group of friends sitting around the proverbial campfire, strumming and singing.  Timeless \\"rockers\\" that Neil continued (and continues) to perform on stage.  Neil's first recorded vocal duet w/female.   The only thing missing(?) is Neil detouring down strange musical alleys as he has been known to do.     If I remember correctly,at the time of it's release, the critics gave this album a thumbs across. \\"Harvest\\" was a tough act to follow, no doubt.    In my book \\"Comes A Time\\" has stood the test of time and has come out on top.
B000GUJZ4G|5.0|See this movie yesterday!!!  There is so exciting in the story that my chest bumps just after watchings!!  Kenu Reeve is a super secret police who jumps from planes and meets pretty girls trying to catch mean men.  He meets them and they agree to wear masks of presidents - Keeno Rives wears Ronald Reagan mask - he was a great president!!! (Maybe Dendoo Rives will run for president except he is not from this country because of his talking accent - too bad!!) He meets the dancing movie man but he has too much orange cream on his body and face and also his hair looks very bright.  They argue and chase each other until they surf for winners, and the waves is winning!!  I like too much that they honor the presidents with masks and have fun - tricky fun!!  I try to find mask of Kendoo Rives and the orange cream from the dancing man.  Watch later and smile today - five stars the best!!!!!
0767811070|5.0|I love how films (Clockwork Orange, Pulp Fiction, Little Miss Sunshine, The Departed, etc.) that wallow in violence, nihilism and utter vulgarity are championed among Americans for their eminent \\"authenticity\\" and \\"originality.\\"  The Academy itself plays no small role in propogating this dillusion, brainwashing the movie-going public through its vast propaganda machine and finally handing out awards to the directors of some of the most barbaric trash American cinema has ever witnessed.    Funny though how the rules of the game have a way of changing for films with black directors, with some of the best films of the last half century (Boyz N The Hood, Do the Rigtht Thing, X, etc.) being snubbed for their alleged inability to \\"appeal to everyone.\\"  Meanwhile the sludge served up by the likes of Tarantino and Scorcese is eagerly devoured by anyone within arms reach of a movie shelf.    Hilariously there are whole segments of the populace, tens of millions of them, that like to twist this state of affairs as reflecting some deep seeded racism amongst the rest of the citizenry.  This should give you some idea as to the state of things in America when even the most trivial of incidents (OJ, Kramer, Don Imus) are cast in a practically apocalyptic light creating nationwide panic, despair and hysteria.      Simply put though American audiences don't ignore this film because they're racists.  Rather, even more pathetically perhaps, they ignore it because it wasn't marketed to their demographic.  This is something that ALL Americans regardless of race, religion, income are guilty of.  This is hardly suprising though.  Looks as if half a century's worth of ceaseless and limitless advertiseing campaigns has all but vaporized authentic individuality.  Group aspirations now trump individual choice.  Anyone that betrays the herd is tried, condemned and then excommunicated (Bill Cosby, Dennis Miller, Bill Richardson, shoot, examples from politics abound).  After all, the herd is what matters most and who could possibly understand my herd better then another member of my herd?  Better yet, how could I ever relate to anything that wasn't made by and for my herd?      Individuality, personhood...gone, insinerated, nuked off the face of the earth!  As a result Americans tend to develope personalities akin to those of pre-packaged Star Wars characters.  So few are willing to step outside of the little box they've been put in.  I'm so sick of this country!  I can't even live amongst all of you!  I am at the end of my rope, I have like gone to the MATTRESSES over this, I am laying in my bed with a shotgun right now hoping that one day someone will come to my room and tell me that everything is all better.    This is just a wonderful movie and it's a shame that most folks won't get a chance to see it, or if they see it to give it a chance.  Actually this movie is like the antithesis of the general mood prevailing in this country over the past few decades or so.  Singleton rightfully bucks behavioralism and the whole 'product-of-my-environment' culture of early 90's urban America because (1) he knows that human beings owe themselves more than that and (2) because shaking off that way of thinking is the only way for folks in impoverished areas to obtain a better life and dignity for themselves.    More importantly though this is a response to the full frontal assault that's been waged on the American family and the American father over the past few years.  Tre's father might not be able to insulate him from all the dangers going on around their household but through rigorous discipline he does impart a sense of responsibility in Tre, responsibilty to himself, to his father and to his neighborhood.  Through their relationship the two of them are able to prevail over the despair and violence surrounding them.    Fishburne, Cuba and Ice Cube all turn out the best peformances of their careers though admittedly Ice Cube has never really had a film career even after all these years of trying so hard.  Incredible performances, incredible film.
B000F8O35U|5.0|Like all the other \\"Disney Princess\\" movies, The Little Mermaid is great. The DVD came with all kinds of cool bonus features. Some people have said that the restoration was good, and if that is your case: get a new tv, i had no problems with it whatsoever, the work they did was incredible.
0375714669|5.0|I just finished reading Persepolis part 2 (immediately after Persepolis).  I absolutely loved both, At times I forgot I was reading a comic strip style book.  I just love the writer and her humor and I got a real sense of what Iran was like during the years after the war for young people who were the same age as me at the time.
B0006J28BO|5.0|I loved this movie, along with all the other Studio Ghibli film's I've seen. The voice actors were all amazing! The story was interesting and funny, I loved it all around, even though in reality, I dispise cats.
B000002A3T|5.0|I'm not a Roger hater at all... and if you're reading this, you're probably a new fan interested in who these guys are...<br /><br />honestly, they are as close to sonic perfection (for me at least and the 100,000's other who are devout listeners)...<br /><br />this album is yet another extension that shows their depth and ability to say something eternal in lyric and music...<br /><br />get into pink floyd, you'll thank yourself in 40 years...
B00005MNP8|4.0|I remember dancing to this music at parties in my school. This is great music with great riffs and hooks, and a dose of pure fun. In 1978 or so Blondie could do no wrong; even venturing successfully into disco.
055358894X|1.0|i got tired of using white-out to cover swear words and trying to figure what period of time the auther had this section of chapter. it is not a good book for it takes 10 pages to get any action but by then you are off to another time. go to a resale store and pay 50 cents for it for you'll end up tossing it out like i did after 200 pages of swear words and more to come.
