B003UYV08E|3.0|Oh, man, is Johansson smokin'.  Does she just get more impeccable as time goes on?  Wait, what am I talking about again...?  So, moving on, then.  Ahem.  Favreau's take on the Iron Man franchise is quickly becoming a bit like an encompassment of the industry's greatest success stories.    All wrapped up in one lucrative, intelligent, and supremely entertaining package, we have the irreplaceable Robert Downey Jr., still riding on what is arguably the greatest career rejuvenation ever accomplished in recent memory; the indelible Mickey Rourke, frontrunner for one the best performances of the last decade when he caught the industry's attention again with his role in \\"The Wrestler\\"; we have the undefinable Sam Rockwell, an eccentricity of a man who has skillfully challenged himself to become an undoubted favorite among cult enthusiasts and mainstream critics alike;  and, of course, there is director Favreau himself, a charming actor/director who's talent had been overlooked for far too long before his superhero breakout hit.  For the life of me, I cannot think of a cast and crew more deserving of recognition than this fine group responsible for the new Iron Man pandemonium that still has us in its clutches.  It's all very inspiring and heartwarming to see them enjoy such success.  All of this isn't just for article fluff; I'm encouraging you to appreciate just how big of an impact this cast is having on the project.  Without the chemistry that Favreau and Downey, especially, exude seemingly at will for their supporters to feed off of, this film and, indeed, the series itself, would suffer a subpar fate.  Being brutally honest, the script is manic and lacks rhythm, and there's really no excuse for so many protagonists and antagonists to intertwine with one another so freely in a single film.  It's all enough for a more conservative crew to have made three films out of, all clad with their own plot, action sequences, and character progression.  Iron Man 2 is dense, and it's clearly a bit of a mess, in retrospect.  But you just cannot deny the charm of everyone it features, and their combined effort more than makes up for it.  With Favreau clearly over his head, he turns to Downey's veteran expertise and ability to turn films in his favor when things are going south.  As a result, this is the actor's film to own, and he's certainly up to the challenge.  When things get noisy, Downey's there to keep some clarity.  When things get dull, Downey dances on a dime to improvise a comic crowd pleaser that brings us all back in.  Iron Man owes its new success to Robert, and vice versa.  It's as impeccable a fit as there ever was one in cinema history.  Inevitably, it begs the question if other members of the cast are ready to uphold their own responsibilities in keeping this frantic, bucking bull of a film at bay.  The film visibly suffers when Downey's off the screen, certainly, but not as much as you'd expect.  This is, in no small part, due to Rourke and Rockwell, who's villainous duo give-and-take system serves as evidence that, yes, a comic book movie not named \\"The Dark Knight\\" can have more than one villain and still be respectable.  The two, in fact, do more than enough to nearly steal the show, but then reality sets back in as Downey returns to drop a dry one-liner that has us in stitches.  As far as pandemonium goes, Favreau does about as well as any director could to keep control of things.  I wont hide my concern for the inevitable sequel, should the team choose to one-up themselves in all the wrong places, but my faith benefits from Downey's ability to seemingly do just about everything right and, in turn, encourage others around him to do the same.
B000JQUKKU|5.0|Scrooge has lived his life as a skinflint, never showing charity and certainly never embodying the Christmas spirit.  As Christmas nears, Scrooge is visited by spectors of Christmas past, present, and future, to show him the error of his ways, and teach him that Christmas spirit must be held in one's heart all the days of one's life.  Will Scrooge learn this lesson in time to save himself?<br /><br />This is a story with which most of us are familiar.  There are countless adaptations in the form of children's books, movies, and abridged texts, so I am quite familiar with the story.  However, I have never actually read the complete original text.  Imagine my surprise when I found such elegance and beauty in Dickens' original words.  This coming from me, someone who does not always have the greatest appreciation of Dickens.<br /><br />I have always loved this story, and found the message so deeply touching.  I have so much empathy for Scrooge as a character, have suffered a lonely childhood and gone without real happiness his whole adult life.  It is nice to see the theme of redemption so clearly illustrated in this tale.  This is probably the classic Christmas story, and I imagine it will be, in some form, a permanent part of my holiday traditions.
B002WY65VU|4.0|Undoubtedly, this summer has been an odd one, clad with unwarranted, bloated blockbuster successes coupled with breakout surprise hits that are deserving of their recognition.  \\"Zombieland\\" maintains the summer theme while allowing it to progress into the late fall.  Certainly, there are more enjoyable experiences to be had at the cinema, and this hybrid movie is not without its glaring faults, but said issues are inevitably pushed to the wayside when one realizes that, between Harrelson's hilarious antics, Eisenberg's charmingly awkward quirks, and newcomer Ruben Fleischer's strikingly unique style, \\"Zombieland\\" is an underdog that battled through the industry's preconceptions and emerged victorious.    Ladies and gentlemen, I never thought I would say this, but say hello to a horror/action/comedy conglomeration that actually works.  Truth be told, ambitious projects that have attempted to tackle both comedic and horror-based elements in cinema have proven to be less than lucrative, and rarely sit well with critics.  To see a cast and crew - many of which young talent, no less - overcome said odds is nothing less than staggering, and they are deserving of only the highest accolades.    Not to say that \\"Zombieland\\" is prodding at the shallow end of genres; on the contrary, this is a movie that deceives in the most polite way possible.  What may be perceived as a clumsy, bloody action romp is dead set on telling a coming-of-age tale; the zombified civilization rotting amongst them is only a convenient backdrop that lets Fleischer tell his story with style and thrills.  And this movie certainly has each in spades.  This is a movie that gives so much more than it asks for, pleasing its audience incessantly and without the need for cheap tricks or cop outs.  Fleischer works wonders with the pennies he's given, resulting in a polished product that is rarely conservative, but always deliciously entertaining.    That said, \\"Zombieland\\" would be without much of its charm had it been deprived of Harrelson, Eisenberg, Stone, and Breslin.  This tag team quartet's interplay is immaculate and hilarious, with Eisenberg, especially, marking himself as a new talent worth keeping a very close eye on in the future.  Harrelson is predictably fabulous, falling into his role smoothly, and always hitting the right notes that make him a jerk worth loving.  However, despite a premise that oozes scope and possibilities, \\"Zombieland\\" never quite reaches its true potential.  Ultimately, it aims lower than it really needs to and hits accordingly, but the ambition feels greater than the resulting execution.  That said,jJuggling so many genres and themes while simultaneously keeping the audience bouncing is a difficult balancing act, and Fleischer should be commended for his efforts and eventual successes, even if bits and pieces remain untapped.    But to dwell on what could have been is unfair to the fully realized product, which is, simply speaking, one of this year's most satisfying films, period.  Oh, and it's home to one of the greatest cameo appearances in movie history.
B005BDZN62|5.0|I rate this video right up there with The Sound of Music, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, The Great Race,  Those Magnificient Men in Their Flying Machines, Pearl Harbor etc. These were great date movies shown on the giant theater screens. Unfortunately the really great theaters are gone but these great films still can be purchased on DVD media and watches in the privacy of our homes on big screen TV's.[[ASIN:B005BDZN62 West Side Story (50th Anniversary Edition) [Blu-ray]]]
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|A nearly perfect ballet of simplicity and complexity, one that permeates the technical, emotional, and thematic elements of the film.    Although the premise may seem deceptively shallow, UP flourishes on its own ability to express a hell of a lot without saying much at all.  This stands as Pixar's most emotionally shattering film to date, as well; only the most stubborn of souls won't be roiling in quiet sorrow as early as fifteen minutes into UP.  There are some moments in which it seems rushed, particularly after the duo meets their sole antagonist, but this decision ultimately helps the simple concept from compromising itself, as well as keeping the attention of youngsters (who will adore this movie, by the way).  I didn't think that things could get much better with Brad Bird having helmed films such as Ratatouille and The Incredibles, and my expectations weren't terribly high after discovering the directing talent behind the movie (Pete Docter, who was partially responsible for Monsters, Inc. - the one Pixar film I found more than a little unappealing) but, alas, this absolutely superlative company has surprised me yet again.  UP is hilarious, suspenseful, imaginative, and simply touching.  UP is magnificent.
B0063IH60K|5.0|free and simple. didn't have a problem with it at all. always a good way to pass the time during the day.
B0067QPVD2|2.0|I'm going to immediately get this out of the way and make it clear that Matthijs van Heijningen has a preposterously difficult name to type, let alone pronounce, and will hereafter refer to him simply as \\"the director\\". That aside, his name may very well be the most intriguing element of an otherwise pedestrian prequel to John Carpenter's masterful '82 horror film. And yet, quite ironically, Carpenter's work itself truly does its successor no favors in allowing a unique be newly developed.   The end result is something that is bound by too many predeterminations and, therefore, a disappointing ability to tap into ambition. Look, it's a prequel, through and through. Not that the marketing team necessarily cared for that to slip but, as a prequel, it inaverdently does the one thing any director can admit to fearing: Limiting one's creativity. Sloppy detours intermittently show themselves throughout the film, things that would perplex a viewer without a knowledge of where the movie's foundations lie. Largely pointless questions are clumsily answered that, even for a diehard fan of the original such as myself, were hardly burning to be answered in the first place.   Horror thrives on these uncertainties, and to seek closure for any film pertaining to the genre is almost contradictory to the essence. With that said, was I not eagerly anticipating this film as a proponent of Carpenter's original? Of course I was. As a work of cinema, The Thing is blessed with key factors in its setting and premise that trigger immediate intrigue with the audience. The \\"thing\\" itself is a masterclass in monster making, igniting both spectrums of our fear and paranoia by freely transitioning between the unknown and the absolutely vile. Terror can be at its best when it's right before our eyes and, yet, somehow invisible.   Carpenter took these themes and used it to conduct the closed experiment that took place within the confines of the arctic research facility in which the original took place, drawing a bead on the dozen or so men who slowly turned against each other until fragile authorities were built. It's the same story here with Kate, played by the ever lovely Mary Elizabeth Winstead, as she struggles to retain order among the norweigan founders of the thing. Despite being only 5 minutes shorter than the original, the prequel somehow feels infinitely more anxious and frantic as pacts are made and broken in about as much time as it would take to get up and grab a soda refill. The remarkable tension that grew to a fever pitch in Carpenter's work is a fleeting visitor here. When it's present, it works just as well, but the intervals in which it's not have nothing to offer us.   Again, there's a persistent lack of vision that handicaps the director's half-hearted attempts to bring new things to the table. The effort's glaringly present, nonetheless, and one particular scene that shares no ties to the predecessor is a nail biter as Kate desperately attempts to discern between those who are infected and those who are not. And, to be \\"infected\\", is to witness the film's (predictably) strongest asset, and you can almost hear the director's sighs of relief when any scene involving the thing's many incarnations make themselves known; at last, an opportunity to flex the imagination.   Lacking the shocking nature of the original, who's practical special effects were critically lauded for being remarkably gory and absurd, those seen her still retain a gleeful creativity that put most other monsters to shame in this era. Bones and flesh distort and people are assaulted in shamelessly gruesome ways. It's the one thing in the film that achieves parity in greatness between itself and its superior predecessor, with actor Ulrich Thomsen's variation (yeah, he dies - people die in horror movies) almost singlehandedly redeeming an otherwise stupendously dull third act. Almost. Indeed, things do quickly fall apart when the expendable bodies start thinning out.   It'sa testament to Carpenter's prowess in methodical, efficient filmmaking that the original's rising action towards its grim climax never lost any of its suspensful drive. For Heijninenblahblah, he's an unfortunate slave to whatever the original film alluded to, all the way to the rolling credits.
B004LWZW4M|5.0|Thoroughly entertaining.  Having watch the original \\"Planet of the Apes\\" as a child, the newest version is very refreshing and exciting.  The special effect was well done.  The story line was good.  Will watch this movie over and over.
B004EPZ03Y|4.0|To be universally acknowledged - let alone renowned - without the weight of cultural boundaries is a feat achieved by few. Really...for all of our cultural phenomenons, how many have been pelted with incessant, albeit perhaps constructive, criticism? Even the immortal Harry Potter, our most recent and prodigious media titan, is not without his own naysayers who hiss of the irresponsibility of praising witchcraft and false magic to our future generations. Come on, I know I wasn't the only one in elementary school.   The point is this: Every titan at the cinematic forefront, every defining franchise of every era was not exempt of some subsequent backlash that, however obscure, was favored by the snowball effect as the few discouraged ones finally saw a buoy to keep their vehement objections afloat. It's happened to our young wizards and jedis; our plastic cowboys and lanky Na'Vis. And yet, if there were one crew to stand unstained, simply and quietly smiling until their names were called, it has to be the Muppets.   Nearly unmatched in their uncharacteristic nature of being both innocent and daring - clever and humble - these indefinable creatures have printed their legacy with crayons and cursive. Precursors to the Sesame Street monsters, who first appeared amidst a manic and mutating America in 1969, the Muppets first came to fruition in 1955 by the incomparable Jim Henson, who's influence has since then gone on to truly monopolize the operational puppet industry. Seemingly in their prime long after I was born, what greater testament could there be than to have myself acknowledge that I know every name and idiosyncrasy of these puppets with nary a second thought. I needed to process this before writing my review, because it would appear to be almost impossible to speculate as to how someone would respond to a muppet had they never been introduced to one prior.   Director Jason Bobin's movie is funny, touching, and wickedly aware of its own long-expired tricks...butis it a piece of good cinematic storytelling? Overall, the answer is yes, although not emphatically. To revel in simplicity is to make complexity an outlier and, for all of its charm, the best example of a joke that caters to an audience above ten boils down to frequent breaks in the fourth wall. It's worthy of a chuckle, and it certainly works towards giving this entire crew credit in understanding that they are dinosaur fossils in a new mammalian culture, but it's never unclear what this is all about and what this is all for: The kids. Take them and show them what they've missed all of these years, because there should never come a time when \\"Muppet\\" isn't a household name anymore.   The movie is a bittersweet recalling of the Muppets' past, with a very slim and, frankly, redundant love story tucked on the underside between Segel and Adams. I've simply come to accept that Adams works exceptionally well in these roles, while Segel's investment in the film itself shows with every earnest dance step. Beyond that...yes, there are cameos and, yes, they are welcome, but the film knows who we love, and they don't disappoint. Kermit and company stand the test of time, even if they likely cannot stand alongside the great pillars which contemporary entertainment has been built upon. And the film makes it clear that they understand and accept this. The Muppets (2011) is not a bolt of electricity intended to rejuvenate the franchise. Rather, it's a heartfelt and honest swan song that echoes good faith to those who have believed in them, and even to those who haven't.   There will never be a Gonzo on Cribz; there will never be a Miss Piggy guest appearing alongside Ashton Kutcher and his men. Kermit prefers the cool swamp waters to the limelight of Conan's stage. The Swedish Chef doesn't need Ramsey's tips to be successful. Because of this self-conscious decision to step aside, I give the cast and crew all the credit in the world. It takes guts to be so frank about the condition of one's own dynasty and, for better or for worse , I'm giving the film higher marks because of this. The themes and standards of proper film making notwithstanding, if movies are meant to entertain, then The Muppets are still succeeding after all of these years
B0052GACNM|5.0|I love this CD.  If you're not a fan of Lady Gaga, you will be after hearing her song with Mr. Bennett.  Lovely!
B001OQCV6A|4.0|Subsequent of our viewing to \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" an acquaintance of mine made a rather accurate comparison:  Robert Downey as Holmes and Johnny Depp as Sparrow.  Each character seems to be a comfortable glove for their respective actors; each actor's idiosyncratic performances are strong and charming enough to elevate the quality of the film itself; and each role seems destined to be the only thing to live on in peoples' minds after they leave the theatre.  I think that Guy Ritchie, unlike Gore Verbinski, knew this while pondering over the \\"Holmes\\" script, and consequently was cautious in picking an ideal crowd pleaser to play his film's lead role.    For those who have yet to speculate as to what I'm implying, I'll lay it out bluntly:  Downey will bewitch you into liking \\"Sherlock Holmes\\", but his performance is the only pillar this picky, clumsy movie has to support itself with.    Guy Ritchie, best known for his graphic and sly british mobster flicks, benefits from very little familiar territory aside, perhaps, from the slummy settings and modestly stylish throwdowns.  His depiction of Holmes is striking and, overall, genuinely interesting; it would be logical to conclude that Holmes could excel in combat, given his understanding of the human body and its weaknesses.  Logical, sure, if a bit of a cop-out for action in a film that would likely be devoid of such, had it slipped into different directorial hands.   It's a clumsily enjoyable experience at best, and a sloppy mish mash of rushed mystery and hard boiled thrills at worst.  For all the general perceptions that we have for Sherlock Holmes, his supposed genius is realized not by the merely capable script, but by Downey's typically strong performance.  As such, other characters fall to the wayside, and it's a real shame, as Law and McAdams both show considerable effort in keeping up with the star.  Unfortunately, the condensed nature of their roles keeps them from being very flexible - Downey's Holmes is the moneymaker, and the film makes you know that early on.  Mark Strong also falls victim to Downey's shadow, but his villain is shallow enough that, had he even been temporarily given the limelight, little would have likely come from it.  Overall, Ritchie's \\"Holmes\\" is a competent adventure that's well worth taking, and leaves a gaping hole for a sequel to saunter through.  It's light enough for kids, and just barely smart enough to not insult the source material.
B002I0J5FG|2.0|I rated 2 stars just for the innovative story of the game. Problem about the game is while this guys improving its display, they have forgotten to improve its playability. It is really frustrating to control the character and to ride the horse. Marketing Ps3  versions of the old games should`t be developing just the HD resolution.
B004LWZW4W|4.0|Apes really are fascinating and, yet, we tend to never appreciated them as much as we should.  To think that we and these animals may be a missing link away from one another is more provoking of thought and discussion than perhaps anything else we could possibly converse about.  Despite that, I have yet to see an Ape week make its mark on the Discovery Channel.    Apes deserve to have a love letter dedicated to their existence, and Wyatt's unexpected reigniting of an iconic franchise is more than ready to be just that.  More so than its immediate self-conscious predecessor (Burton's take) and even that of Schaffner's '68 original, this is the first attempt to steady the limelight solely on the apes themselves, and rightly so.  Before the unorthodox revolution is over, you will feel that this was the way it was always meant to be.  Aided by the powerful masterwork of WETA's motion capture technology, the animals here emit a dizzying mirage that blurs the distinction between man and chimp.  Judged on the basis of self expression and bold emotion being translated to that of something that is computer generated, this is simply unparalleled.    It's impressive and surprisingly affecting, as our eyes adjust to seeing the subtle waves of sorrow, anger and fear ebb and flow through Caesar's eyes throughout the film - Caesar being the enchanting chimp protagonist.  Indeed, for a film so slickly paced and executed, the foundation upon which it depends is, ultimately, one man:  Andy Serkis.  Not unlike Hanks' towering performance in Zemekis' Cast Away, this film is enveloped by Serkis' stunning work as the savant chimp turned Che revolutionist.    Wyatt's methodical direction showcases Caesar's progression into the leader of his people; all the while, Serkis' uncannily strong ability to convey through motion meshes with WETA's digital craftsmanship, and it just...works.  It works beautifully.    It's a very fragile, very challenging balancing act that Wyatt handles with the restrained care of a true professional. The film cannot help but feel sluggish and uninspired when Caesar is not present, which is, fortunately, very seldom.    True, the rest of the talent deserve their screen time but, ultimately, Lithgowe, Franco, Pinto and Cox are merely cogs designed to keep the Serkis' magnificent circus rolling smoothly.  They all play their parts, but it's impossible to ever forget that they are, indeed, \\"parts\\" of a far greater \\"sum\\".  Unfortunately - though, perhaps inevitably - other elements of the film are handled with far less class, namely the other actors and a very particular plot point that attempts to crudely paint over any glaring holes and inconsistencies.  You'll know it when you see it.   I mean, really...the statistics just don't match up well from a logical perspective when you pit apes up against people, so much that a suspension of disbelief may be out of reach for a less flexible audience.  Just trust me when I say no measure of explanation would be enough to make it seem completely probable.  Take Wyatt's scapegoat, avoid its fallacies, and enjoy the rest of the show.  If you can do so, you'll still be able to discern a real degree of intelligence and style which the series seemed to be deserving of all along.  Despite a very earnest tone, it never descends into absurdity, nor does it make the very tempting mistake of expanding beyond the scope of its intentions too quickly.  This is a beginning, through and through; there are fleeting glimpses of a sprawling epic yet to be seen, but Wyatt smartly leaves the glistening grandiosity for the sequels.  In the meantime, we're left with a timely ode to the being unjustly repressed - to the chimp who said, \\"no\\" (quite emphatically, in fact), and the others who nodded in agreement.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I've been using it about 3 weeks now on the Fire and it is seamless.  Nice to read a book and have it running in the background for a quick check of the temp.  Enjoy!
B001HN694K|3.0|When a marriage is seemingly perfect, it's hard to even think of the alternative extreme; that is, so catastrophically imperfect that the divorce papers are in and out quicker than Jason Vorhees at a sorority.   As it turns out, Burton's potential magnum opus transcends neither realm, deeming it extraordinarily...average.  Did anyone see it coming?  Certainly not I.  The themes, set pieces, presentation, talent, and overall legacy seem far too absurd and unapologetically mad (hatter) to be anything but so-so.  Well, leave it to Burton to surprise us.  Truth be told, there are some things that were never questioned.  Among those are Burton's sprawling imagination, and how it translates to the big screen.  Let it be known that, yes, Wonderland is a visual treat, even post-Avatar, with the real pleasure in witnessing the eccentric director's surreal character portrayals.  Dare I say that never before have computer graphics and kinetic, real-life performances been meshed together so well?  It's all very easy to take for granted but, given the source material and setting, that's what makes it such a success.  Unfortunately, and damned if I could see it coming, everything else is sacrificed before the great pedestal of visual awe:  character development, pacing, and even, to an extent, the charming and endless wonder that accompanied the original.  It's a pretty package, to be sure, but not something that surprises as much as satisfies.  That said, you look at Burton's Wonderland and it's difficult to suppose how it could have been any other way, even with all of its glaring flaws.  It's a fan service, to be sure, and those who have stood by it for all of these years will be pleased.  For everyone else - critics included - you just can't give it all a free pass.  While it is largely lacking in charm, bittersweet glimpses are found in the spontaneous performances by an all-star cast that was impeccably chosen.  Relative newcomer Mia Wasikowska is everything a new-age Aliceshould be, even if she's really nothing but wavy hair and somber eyes.  That said, she often spreads her wings to show us what this young actress is capable of, and I expect great things from her in the future.  And, while the other cast members are tried-and-true companions that are synonymous with the mythology of Burton, a few notable efforts rise above what it typical.  Michael Sheen delivers the biggest laughs as the cracked out, punctual rabbit; Glover, Hathaway, Bonham Carter, and Fry all fall into the \\"acceptable\\" category, with none going too far out of their comfort zones to please; andMatt Lucas presents himself as the twins so well that, had more screen time been given to him (er, them?) I'd go so far as to say that he'd have stolen the show.  Alas, that accolade predictably belongs to Depp, who's a virtual shoe-in for yet another performance that pre-pubescent girls will be idolizing for years.  It all sounds rather fun, yes?  Well, who's to say that it isnt?  Burton is a fine director with a loyal fanbase, and his heart is certainly in Wonderland, even if we can't really see it on the big screen.  There's nothing to discourage one from joining Alice on her intriguing - albeit unspectacular - adventure.  Just be sure to have a mind open for all of it, and don't dwell too long on any one thing, for you would certainly go bonkers, senile, at your wit's end.
B0068TJLSY|4.0|Though this film rings of Spielberg in action - fantasy mixed with the magic of kids' imagination and camaraderie - SUPER 8 is a very entertaining film.  It is a movie within a movie - a nice twist on reality versus illusion - and the writer/director JJ Abrams has the keen idea of show the intended movie made by the kids at the end of the film during the credits. it works very well.<br /><br />The story involves Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney) and a group of youngsters getting together to make a super 8 film of their own writing and acting and production and films: Riley Griffiths (as writer/director Charles), Ryan Lee as the zombie obsessed Cary, Gabriel Basso as Martin, Zach Mills as Preston, and Elle Fanning as Alice Dainerd. As the youngsters struggle with their film we learn of town troubles - such as Joe's dad, policeman Jackson Lamb (Kyle Chandler) and his concern with the town troublemaker Louis Dainerd (Ron Eldard) who is Alice's Dad - until everything changes as while on location at the train stop the youngster's film a bizarre train crash with a truck driven by a wise but somewhat scary science teacher.  It becomes evident that there is more to the incident than meets the eye and as the youngsters realize that there is present among them a creature form space the speed of events wallops to a wild climax.  In the end the Youngsters are the ones who relate to the possibilities of fantasy being real and the story ends with an uplifting sense of understanding.<br /><br />Placed in the year 1979 in Ohio the film manages to capture the flavor of the times and the fears of the people (could all this be a Soviet attack?!) to a tee.  Joel Courtney is outstanding in his role and the supporting cast is excellent. Grady Harp, December 11
B001QOGYBI|5.0|Wes Anderson's wonderfully offbeat, awkward, and deceptively genius humor comes to full form here, in a film directed with a younger audience in mind.  Believe me when I say that I didn't see it coming, either, but exceptionally eccentric director may have found his calling card with Mr. Fox, which is a witty, creative, and razor-sharp adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic short story.  Although envisioned in a fascinating stop-motion form that is both complex and simple, Anderson's story is told with depth and human emotion, not to mention with a humor that is immediately recognizable by longtime Anderson followers.  However, what makes Fox so much more than the sum of its parts is the startlingly cohesive nature of Anderson's vision and the freedoms of the animation that come together with such grace.  They were simply made for one another, even more so than Burton and Depp.  With so much charm, it's easy to overlook the all-star cast, but it took the talents of Schwartzman, Streep, Clooney, Defoe, Murray, Wilson, Blanchett, among many others, to match Anderson's pitch-perfect comedic timing.  Every character is wonderful, forming to their character perfectly, to an extent where you forget the actors themselves and see each little animal for what they are:  Unusual, deceiving, and ultimately hilarious and eerily human individuals.  There's really nothing to discourage you from seeing this film; it's hilarious, clever, impeccably paced, accompanied by a good message, and one of those few films that stands up well to multiple viewings.  The only real question mark is where Anderson draws the line regarding mature humor and immature entertainment; the two get mixed in the process, and the results are mixed for the toddler audience - in layman's terms, don't take your children to a film expecting golden age Disney animation.  That said, for everyone else, Fantastic Fox is a huge breathe of fresh air, even in the midst of such films as Pixar's masterpiece, UP.  It's worthevery penny, and is a serious contender for best animated film of the year.
0307593312|2.0|If you've never read Murakami before, try Wind-up Bird Chronicle first to get the flavor of his talent.  If you are a Murakami fan, and enjoyed W-U Bird and Norwegian Wood, this isn't as good: Think more in the quality of After Dark.  Like many reviewers, I put the Evelyn Woods speed-reading skills to work about halfway through. I also had miso soup, cooked some rice and slowly sliced some ginger tonight...if you've survived the 925 pages, you know what I mean.  For a better fantasy, try Replay by Ken Grimwood.[[ASIN:068816112X Replay]]  For more fun in Tokyo, try Number 9 Dream by David Mitchell [[ASIN:0812966929 Number9Dream]]  For more by me, try Coyote Crossing.[[ASIN:B005M4K40U Coyote Crossing]]  Don't abandon Murakami--I loved Bird and Norwegian Wood; this is just more work and less payoff.
B003Y5H4SO|3.0|Look...okay, I get it:  Shayamalan was running out of time.  How many of you were dismissing him?  This was the guy that emptied his soul into an obscure 90's thriller that took the industry by storm with it's iconic elements and unforgettable quotes in \\"I see dead people\\".  Alas, his career appeared to, ultimately, be an academic observation in constructive downfall and destruction, and it was truly difficult to fathom why.  I mean, he hadn't changed much, had he?  The insultingly blatant twists were there; the seat-squirmingly uncomfortable dialogue was there.    Truth be told, Shayamalan has not evolved, regardless of how much I wanted him to.  The guy's a man with vision, even if something seems to be clouding said vision with the unappealing plaque and oils that only a stubborn man can conceive.  It's unfortunate, and a little sad, really, for Shayamalan was, and still is, a director with the potential to shake the industry yet again - for the better, I mean.  ...But enough about this; this is NOT a movie about Shayamalan.  It's not, I assure you.  On the contrary, \\"Devil\\" is a film that belongs to Drew and John Dowdle, truly.  Don't let the publicity fool you (and it will, trust me) - Shayamalan's stamp, for better or for worse, has little say in this matter.  His influence permeates through the imagery and the dialogue, certainly (and ultimately for the worse) but let it be known that, if you're looking for another movie to add to Shayamalan's embarrassments, look elsewhere.  I feel as if I need to get this out the way early, as it seems that the disdain for Shayamalan has exceeded rational limitations.  The man is a director in stubborn transition - what more is there to say?  You need not dwell on his name as it flashes through the credits of this effective, albeit sluggish, thriller.    With that in mind, let it be known that \\"Devil\\" is one that finds itself rather quickly, even if it doesn't CARRY itself particularly well in the first place.  It's a filmthat takes far too long to speed up, falsely believing that tension arises from, seemingly, nothing.  That's hardly how it works.  \\"Devil\\" is a movie with the pacing of an epic, but the run time of a B - flick it's hardly a sound combination, but things eventually converge for the better when both the premise and the actors find their voice.  And when things pick up, they do so quickly.  \\"Devil\\" is often a fascinating thriller that leaves us with questions, even if those questions aren't very enticing.  First and foremost, it is a film of terror, but it's strengths lie in its ability to mesh mystery with suspense, and the end result is fascinatingly more pronounced than five people in an elevator would have you believe.  More so than almost every other film I have witnessed in this past year, \\"Devil\\" owes itself to committed performances; I know it's an uninspired term, but it needs to be reiterated.  Novakovic, Green, Woodbine, Arend, and O'hara are all comfortably fit for their roles in their own way, and Messina is, ultimately, a solid scouting fit for the skeptical detective.    For those of you holding out on \\"Devil\\" because of its screenwriter's track record, I implore you to think otherwise; this is a principle that goes beyond simply dismissing entertainment because of one influence it may have.  Shayamalan's \\"vision\\" is here, yes, and it even rears its ugly head, from time to time (with toast, no less).  However, this doesn't stop \\"Devil\\" from being an often fascinating, if ultimately trivial, thriller,
B001AQT11M|5.0|My daughter still loves this....Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.....nice movie and still a favorite.....for years later!~ Arrived quickly and a very good price Amazon almost always has the best price  on DVD'S!~
B002ZG98LO|4.0|No more merciless violation of the saga of the Predator; those days are finally over, and Robert Rodriguez made sure of it.  It took years for someone to take up the courage to do so but, alas, our remake has finally arrived.  You can almost hear the sigh of sweet relief from the franchise in its entirety as things seem to have come full circle after an era of mediocrity.    The gist of it is this:  It's a good film.  This marks a successful transition in its own right, its association with its past iterations notwithstanding.  That said, as a thriller, it's merely adequate, but you really couldn't ask for a better rejuvenation.  Admittedly, the warts that accompany it simply come with the burden of acquiring the franchise and pulling it out of its own muck that has accumulated and festered for over two decades.  With this in mind, Predators is an achievement, however you look at it, but it needs to be recognized as a stepping stone, first and foremost.    There is room for improvement now that the foundation has been set; Exec producer Rodriguez and director Antal know this better than anyone, and you'll inevitably see them throbbing at the mouth within the next year as they look to the future of the franchise, which is now in their hands.  Simultaneously adhering to its roots while abandoning any true reference to its sister franchise (Alien), Predators is a movie that revels in its salvation and freedom.  It is ironic that this is the case given the film's strict commitment to the themes, styles, and traits of the original, but this is more of a testament to how alienated (no pun) the ill-conceived sequels were from their parent.  Neither Rodriguez nor Antal were bound by tradition to play it so close to home - God knows that no one would blame them if they chose to situate themselves as far away from the franchise's past mistakes as possible - but if any entity in the universe that is cinema could benefit from a little bit of respect, it's this one.  The end result is a movie that is charmingly vintage, methodically paced, and curiously restrained.  Neither look to be necessarily beneficial nor detrimental to the future of the license; rather, they appear to be aesthetic decisions that, at best, give the movie its own identity and, at worst, feel untrue to the inherent nature that the Predator exudes.  It can be unsettling to those expecting something outrageous; that isn't the name of the game, here.    Rather, Predators excels when it revels in the quiet unraveling of the world around our competent, albeit vulnerable, protagonists.  Future entries would be wise to further explore the mythology behind these iconic creatures and their lifestyles - it's a gold mine for intrigue and franchise-defining moments that Rodriguez and Antal are more than capable of capitalizing on in future entries.  However, a mixed bag awaits those who would analyze the casting decisions.  That said, it's not a matter of talent, or lack, thereof.  Rather, this odd mishmash of Topher Grace, Adrien Brody, Alice Braga, Danny Trejo, and Laurence Fishburne transcends suitability and falls smack dab into pure oddity.  For every mandatory Trejo and offbeat Brody (who warms to this role nicely, by the way) there is a Fishburne or a Grace that attracts nothing but the feel of an unnecessary inclusion.  It's much too crowded for a movie that relies on the oppressive nature of an alien planet upon a select few doomed individuals.  Fortunately, even for those whose roles feel uninspired, everyone works well enough with one another, and the right decisions leave one with enough confidence for the crew to get the rest right next time.  Predators isn't a reinvention of the license; it's smarter than that.  Rather, it is a very humble regression, one that separates the wheat from the chaff, and what emerges is a lean, unambiguous beast of an action film that isn't really scary enough, funny enough, or exhilarating enough to roll with the very, very best (and that includes the original).  That said, relief and excitement comes from knowing that the pieces have been properly placed so as to allow a classic to form under the right circumstances.
067144901X|5.0|Simple and adorable.......Moo Baa La La La ...Love this great toddler book....I bought for my daughter because we are always making animal sounds for fun with each other!~
B00275EGWY|5.0|Driven by so much dread and suspense-inducing scenarios that it feels like the industry's most subtle horror film; and, given the situation that the main trio often finds themselves in, the term \\"horror\\" may not be such a big stretch to classify this stark, unorthodox war movie.  Anchored by Jeremy Renner's impeccable performance, The Hurt Locker is a revelation for longtime director Kathryn Bigelow, and absolutely overshadows other recent cinematic attempts (many of which being very respectable in their own right) at portraying the middle east debacle.  The Hurt Locker transcends formula and, occasionally, even the own limitations of its subject matter, reigning as something unique, mercilessly vicious, and consistently exhilarating.  The first half, in particular, will have the entire audience biting down to the quick.  Not a single action or scene seems out of place or impractical; it's a gritty diamond of a war epic that sheds potent drama only when necessary, never feeling artificial or obligatory, and smolders with a masterclass of suspense seldom seen in film making.  As it stands, this takes the crown as my highest rated film of the year.
B0034JKZ86|5.0|Another great Disney DVD Movie....The Princess and the Frog ...past due to make one with some diversity where the lead is not white!~
B002UJIY7A|5.0|Finally, a thriller whose roots stem from something other than the Saw legacy.  Director David Twohy, the mind behind the less cohesive Pitch Black and Riddick films, gives us a fully realized and nearly impeccable who-dun-it joy ride.  Anchored by committed actors and actresses that bounce off of one another flawlessly, Jovovich, Olyphant and, especially, Zahn, are in pitch perfect form, abiding by the peculiar idiosyncrasies of their characters.  Their surprisingly limber chemistry makes every scene a joy to watch unfold.    It's a dense, taut, and undeniably original film that abides by classic Hollywood ingredients, refusing to appeal to an industry saturated by an excess of torture porn and nihilistic horror.  If you're tired of feeling drained and deflated subsequent to your viewings of the next big scare-fest, this is a movie for you.  It's charm will make you smile ear to ear.  Too often do pretentious visionaries forget their audience along the arduous path towards ambiguous, avant garde cinema.  You may understand me, then, when I say that Perfect Getaway is a film that gives a lot and expects nothing from the audience that may detract from their unabashed enjoyment.    Gleefully clever, quietly stylish, and filled a giddy tension that will keep you both exhilarated and unsettled, Perfect Getaway is the best thriller of the year.  This movie is just a ton of fun.
0767836324|5.0|Still enjoying this movie many years later.......Hook is just a great movie with a wonderful story with good actors like Robin williams....My favorite scene is when the food changes and also when the son imitates Dustin Hoffman Captain Hook!
B003EYVXSW|4.0|It's less of a discussion of ethics in genetics and more of a creature feature, but there's still something lingering underneath Splice's obscurities that makes it more unforgettable than most horror films - or films in general, for that matter.  This is largely due to it being the first of the year to bull rush through a mental barricade that designates one emotional response from another.  In comedic moments, you laugh; in moments of suspense, you tense up.  There are, however, some films that come along every so often and offer us a situation that is purely beyond definition and, therefore, a response deemed appropriate.  Generally, we would opt for the most socially acceptable outburst; that is, something involving laughter.  You know the feeling, and we've certainly all heard it:  That creeping, slithering set of nervous chuckles that are too half-hearted to be legitimate.  Splice is littered with those.  You laugh but, inside, something is scrambling for a more accurate interpretation of what you just witnessed.  There's nothing ironic, witty, or tongue-in-cheek about Splice, at all.  But you'll be desperate to settle for those kinds of scapegoats subsequent to seeing it.  The reality of it is a bit more disturbing, scaling all kinds of sexual and moral taboos in place of any real message.  It's a delicious mess that makes you feel dirty while walking out of the theatre.  There's something strikingly Cronenbergian about its scare factor, and that makes it strikingly unique in otherwise contemporary horror cinema, so much that it almost comes off as silly.  The implications unsettle more than what's occurring on the screen, although there certainly are some pretty off-putting depictions, here.  I had no reason to believe that this wouldn't be a divisive film in its appeal; that much I knew.  What I was ultimately wrong about was why it would be just that.  Anything can be disturbing with enough creativity.  Where Splice truly compels and revolts is its absurdlyscrewy take on parenthood.  Having no child of my own, I can't talk much more about this, but I'm convinced that the quivering undertones of this film will make some mothers and fathers queasy and, ultimately, offended.  Without speaking much more about the plot, the creature itself forms two very contrasted and conflicted relationships with both of its \\"parents\\"; the nature of said relationships is telling of a terrific script that owns and understands its premise.  You can tell that the whole crew behind this film treated it well.  At risk of ruining it for some, this is a story of tragedy (but, really, with a concept like this, did you expect anything otherwise?).  Despite their intentions, the characters are purely amoral, at best.  You wont find any one individual to empathize with but, really, it feels like it couldn't have been any other way.    To be drawn into a film as obscure and nihilistic as this one, the performances need to be sharp.  Like, really sharp.  Fortunately, they are, to the extent where we may have found our next dynamite duo.  Brody and Polley are just about impeccable, taking a que from the film itself and turning their intentionally nuanced efforts into an art form; nothing is given to the audience, but their slick mix of what they say and what they DON'T say gives us enough to work with so that we know what's going to happen long before it actually occurs.  That is not to say that Splice isn't a film that uses shock value, but the trick is not to revel in it; rather, Brody and Polley take the responsibility of adding value to every scene by adding their own unique foundations to two characters that are already dynamic.  It goes a long way towards making the film unsettling, even if it is occasionally predictable.  However, all of this comes second to the simple fact that Splice is just a really good Sci Fi flick.  It's original without be pompous, and controversial without being alienating - well, mostly.  Given its source material, it's impossible to truly say if this is movie that's for you or not.  Just suck it up and give it a shot.
B00007GZR5|5.0|Exceptional movie....What Dreams May Come....way out there and you can watch it several times and still see new things...The color is amazing and the acting is stella....Robin Williams is very under rated as a serious actor.
B001GCUO5M|4.0|I don't know if it was something I ate, or the fact that my head was arced back from choosing the very front of the theatre over the nosebleed zone way up high, but Scorsese made me a sick man for two hours.    Shutter Island will make you feel genuinely ill; given its elements, some may consider that an intentional effect, one successfully executed.  Consider me in that party, at least, because it's easy to feel that the longtime director of masterful craft has finally met his match upon reflection of this acquired taste of a thriller.  Incessantly frolicking back and forth between the lines of needlessly rushed and lethargically paced, Island nonetheless remains compelling and supremely disquieting throughout, succeeding in no small part to Scorsese's homage to vintage, Hitchcockian nail-biters and his dependence upon committed actors.  The plot drags you through the muck in every which way, perhaps a little too confident in its ability to paint a picture of deception; I suspect that many will be seeing the twists just around the corner before they make themselves known.  But \\"Shutter Island\\" certainly has its unpredictable moments, and you'd be surprised how difficult it can be to accept anything as legitimate by the time the story reaches its crescendo.  It leads you to treat nothing as the truth, and does a good job of it.  Speaking of deception, nothing would come to pass had the lead performances not been up to par.  Fortunately DiCaprio makes one of his best efforts yet as the distraught and manipulated deputy; not unlike his career, he becomes more and more convincing and affecting with time.  It's a dynamic, powerful performance that will earn him a nomination - maybe even an oscar.  Supporting performances are maintained by some of the best right-hand actors and actresses that money can buy:  Kingsley is ace as the enigmatic head doctor of the psychiatric ward, and Ruffalo continues to let us know that he's one of the most underrated actors out there.  Longtime cult favorite Earl Haley even makes an appearance, succeeding in creating one of the more memorable scenes in the film.  And I haven't even gotten to Von Sydow and Levine; simply put, the producers are to be commended for such a perfect assemblage of talent.  In the end, I'm not certain if I can recommend \\"Shutter Island\\" to everyone; its stylistic decisions wont appeal to everyone, and if you're not convinced by the drama, then it can be a real slog.  But there's no denying that Scorsese could really be on to something by tackling a genre more than a little alien to him, and I personally can't wait to see more of this side of him.
B0032JTV6U|5.0|Scooby-Doo's Original Mysteries...Glee: The Complete First Season...just so happy love it own all the seasons...a real pick me up series!~
B005TZFZJC|5.0|I love Rihanna's latest album \\"talk that talk\\". it has amazing upbeat and romantic songs! I love the lyrics, they are very strong and people can relate to it! Put you in a great mood! The louder the better! you can dance, sing and cry! She knows truly, what we love to hear! Amazing!
B00335EQ0E|5.0|Alice in Wonderland (Two-Disc Special Un-Anniversary Edition)...is a bonus movie I have never totally understood this movie but it's a Disney classic!~ Always the best price on Amazon!~
B004BSFC46|4.0|georgous ratles but a little small for the fatty wrists of my baby girl, however they are very flashing, she loves them
B00003CX9Q|5.0|This is a clasiic movie, one of Spielberg's all-time best! Its a show for all ages.happy, sad makes you cry for happy! Spielberg's is a super movie producer. Shortly he is releasing two super films and a fikrst animated for him. Tin-Tin. Also War Horse is one for the best of the year.  I had to make this purchase as my original copy was lost. And my granchildren had not viewed this film Now they have and they [ all four of them] loved it!
B003L16FAE|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies and it's never looked better!I'm guessing by the earlier negative reviews that there is another badly done blue ray out there.Hey-at least they did it right the second time around.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I rate this book six out of five stars. I really don't see how anyone could not like this book. The Hunger Games is the absolute best book that I have ever read. I reccomended it to all of my classmates (and even my parents), and they read all of the books and absolutely LOVED them. It is perfectly paced, brilliantly plotted, and is entertaining on every page. Almost all of the characters are likeable (Haymitch, for example, is not), and the way it is written is so descriptive, so real, that it's almost like you're Katniss Everdeen, and when she feels something, you feel it too. The thrill and suspense in the book keeps readers on the edge of their seats, wondering what's going to happen next. I would reccomend this book to anyone; it is an amazing story about frriendhip, betrayal, trust, and survival. This book is for (almost) anyone.
B001QXCYZY|5.0|EDIT: After 9 months of use, I have to say, this thing amazes me upon every use. I use it for Machinimas, and it is extremely high quality. It never lets me down. A lot of people ask em for voice acting because I have such a great quality. Highly recommend, insanely good price too. :)<br /><br />This mic is amazing! I was using a rock band mic before, and that simply would not do for Machinimas. For walkthroughs it was fine. Literally I just plugged this bad boy in and adjusted the volume on it, and now I'm using it in Skype, TeamSpeak, and of course for Machinimas. Note: I have XP Media Center Edition, and it WORKED, so it better work for anything else. The quality is the best when you get the recording volume to your liking (depending on how close you are to the mic.) For the best quality, turn down the volume and speak right into it. Also, I recommend the 15 dollar pop filter you probably see in the related items. It works WONDERS. Also, I have two fish tanks in my room, which are currently a few inches low on water, and it doesn't pick them up! Also, my computer tower is an older Alienware Area 51. (2009) Go look it up on google images. The fan is not loud, but definitely present. The mic doesn't get sound from that either. It's just great. If you just do youtube videos or make simple hip-hop or quieter music, I would recommend this mic. I'm not sure about instruments, rock vocals, or singing, but it probably at least does well with them. All in all a great mic!
B0058VW36U|2.0|Love the game, but waiting for an update is killing me.  The two stars will be at five once amazon pulls it together.  I am definitely going to buy all my apps from the marketplace for now on.
B0041C09Y0|5.0|Ive heard so much praise about this show, I know a few people that are watching it and say nothing but good things.<br />With my Prime membership I decided to check it out and boy...they were right. Just seen the pilot but It had me going the whole time.<br />It has a little bit of everything, raw action, violence with some funny moments in between. Shows the struggles within the Sons Of Anarchy family as well as with family outside the group. Action, drama, and I think a little bit of everything for everyone. If you have Prime, it doesn't hurt to check it out.
B005TBN3EU|2.0|The beginning was more of a slap stick comedy with Alan being more of an idiot than previously believed to be. Disappointing......
B004YXE438|5.0|Very generous number of puzzles are included along with three levels of difficulty.  If you get stuck on a puzzle you can select to make it one level easier without loosing your place.  They also have an expansion pack with  even more puzzles.  I can't put this one down!
B006IND5M8|1.0|Don't waste your money, or even better, your time.  This has to be one of the worst films I have seen in years.  It's almost like they made it up as they went along.  Half the movie was in the dark.  So cornie!
B005DMNS4A|2.0|The Who have some of the greatest songs but at the same time the worst<br />sound recordings and mike and sound-mixing jobs of all the Rock-and-Roll bands on Records, especially<br />the live concerts on DVD. It is a shame for paying so little attention.
B000W91RUG|5.0|Best buy on line!!! Will be buy other season of other shows to added to my growing collection!!! My husband love this show and so do I!!!
B0050SYS5A|2.0|There is a definite lack of quality control on the part of Nyco which explains why some say the zoom works whilst others say its absolute rubbish.<br /><br />I tested this out for myself (coincidentally) and came to this realisation.<br /><br />I tried 1 Nyco zoom and found it great! It worked fine in 8 games I tested. Calibration and setup worked fine. The kinect unit could see me fine and could track my head, arms, hands, torso and feet just fine. I was quite impressed and couldnt understand why people would say it didnt work. Only issue I had found was that you had to slow down your gestures in XBOX dashboard as movements would be amplified. Quite straightforward to understand as it is a wide angle lens and would have the fish eye effect.<br /><br />I then noticed a tiny little speck behind the camera lens that was encapsulated and no way to get to it. So being picky I took it back to the store lol and got a replacement.<br /><br />Guess what? The brand new replacement is complete rubbish!!!!!<br />Kinect's view (as seen in tracking screen via setup) was different from the lens before. It had a less expanded view, more dark spots and quite clearly could not track me very well.<br />When trying to setup the unit kinect could not see the floor (a problem it does not have on its own nor with the previous zoom lens).<br />When trying to use in dashboard it was virtually useless and quite random.<br />Gameplay was obviously affected by lack of accuracy, kinect losing track of me and inability to interact with components properly.<br /><br />It was only then that I understood why people could say its rubbish and waste of money.<br />Clearly if I had only tried the 2nd unit I would have had the same opinion or alternatively if I had only tried the first unit I would have been happy. But Having tried BOTH units I can see for myself the massive difference between the 2 and why some may hate it and think its rubbish whilst some may like it.<br /><br />It is because there is an obvious lack of quality control on the part of nyco and hence not all zooms are equal. You may get one that works quite well or you may get a complete dud.<br /><br />What Nyco should do is change the lens to proper glass optical lenses (to reduce the massive distortion and degradation caused by the cheap plastic ones) and improve its quality control measures thereby producing a product that actually works quite well and does so consistently. Ofcourse it may then want to charge slightly more(mainly because of glass optical lens) but Im sure most would be happy to pay that extra bit more for a product that actually works and works quite well.<br /><br />I hope this helps explain it all and I really hope nyco pays attention as in the long run it is to its benefit to actually produce a product that works well and that people would actually buy and spread the good word about.<br /><br />UPDATE:  I went out and replaced the 2nd zoom lens with another one. ie a 3rd one.<br /><br />Nyko 1000% is not controlling the end quality of this product.<br /><br />This 3rd lens has blotches on the reflective coating on one of the lenses and has a smaller (than 1st zoom) spec behind the lens.<br /><br />This however did work and games were again playable and dashboard was useable. Kinect could see the floor and able to track movements etc.<br /><br />Exact same conditions including clothing, lighting, setup, calibration etc was used to keep the it fair and equal and thereby only 1 variable the zoom itself.<br /><br />Nyko needs to get its act together!
B004SGWYW4|2.0|I had already watched this but wanted it for my home collection. I am not sure where it messes up but it does making the set incomplete
B005K17RU0|5.0|Great app fun to use. love the up dates. accurate. the wind feature is great. good good good. good good
0385344325|4.0|The last couple of Jack Reacher novels have been clunkers -- little development or explanation and Jack relied far less on his reasoning. I was hesitant about one that backfills but it is a good one. The sex scenes are a bit clumsy but otherwise decent action and reasoning.
1400034205|1.0|The most important aspect of fiction is the choice of a narrator. Why Maugham chose a first-person narrator is beyond me.   The narrator's periodic apologies for having to use his imagination for details he couldn't possibly know, including the thoughts and feelings of other characters, become tiresome very quickly as simply a ploy that goes nowhere. Maugham may not have understood the importance of point of view or I may not yet understand why he used first-person. Narrative intrusion is the greatest sin in fiction.  If the former is the case, it's a great shame. It could have been a lasting work of art, if so, art being that in which every detail has a raison d'tre, most especially the choice of the best narrator to tell the story.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great app, no problems, fun to play, good choices of colors, backgrounds, style of play, etc.  Graphics are good as well!
B00019GG1M|5.0|This review is so late, provided I bought the album since it first came out in 2003.  But I love every song on this record because they are the songs they have been writing since their \\"origin\\" release.  It's never too late to buy it, Amy Lee is her own voice and music, making Evanescence an outstanding and original!
B0063IH60K|5.0|excellent when you want to distract yourself...only thing i dont like are the ads...but is free tho...so is worth it..
0399246665|5.0|The book was in great condition and arrived quickly not to mention that Amazon's prices are great.  The mother of the little boy (8 mo old) says he loves flipping through the pages & enjoys the bright colors.
1936719010|5.0|Took me an afternoon to read this short dose of motivation.  Mr. Pressfield has put down a very clear and easily applied recipe for getting off your duff and making something happen.  He points out many different avenues one can take.  It's a book I will in all likelihood reread over and over again as I continue my journey through life.    It's also a book that would make a good gift, but one with a message that could easily be taken the wrong way by those who have potential but no internal drive or motivation.  I'd like to give this book to someone close to me but am certain she'd take it the wrong way and become angered rather than seeing the value and using it make her business succeed.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a great little solitaire app. It runs well on the Kindle, and the ads are unobtrusive. One of the best free apps I've tried.
0823003035|2.0|I had high hopes for this book even before I bought it mainly because of the amazing pencil renderings of the figure shown in Amazon preview. Most of the reviews then commented that the technique taught in this book is tedious and laborious, I figured that the technique will be focused more on the rendering but I was disappointed.<br /><br />The softcover boast a beautifully rendered figure drawing on toned paper with done with graphite and pastel. All the other works shown in this book are equally, if not more breathtaking.<br /><br />In the first 2 chapters, we are introduced to the way the author work and a simple list of tools/materials are given. Most of the images in this book are usually compete drawings and there are very few progress shots of the way he work except for 3 or 4 sets of tutorials in the book.<br /><br />There is also the usual basic techniques of how he creates his art, he gives a too brief description on how he cross-hatch his drawings. I was expecting a lot more elaboration later in the book but was disappointed in the end.<br /><br />The process Anthony Ryder is teaching consists of 3 parts : Block In, Contour and Shading. In the Block-in stage, you are supposed to look at a live model and block an envelope that surrounds the model in your canvas. From there on, you are to tighten the envelope until your have blocked a choppy looking figure.<br /><br />I actually see the reasoning of this approach, especially if this book is read by a beginner to figure drawing. Using the block-in technique, you almost won't run into any proportion problems in the later stage since you are working from big to small. However, to an intermediate artist who have already developed his eye to quickly translate proportions down to the canvas, this is a setback due to the loss of fluid and flowing curves that is essential in figure drawing.<br /><br />The author however, fixes this problem by re-doing the whole block in with curves. Taking into account the gesture and the flow of the movement, he masks out the block in into a fluid line. For artists who dislike edges in drawings especially in areas of light, this is also a big no-no since all of the drawings have this contour line visible. The realistic rendering is contained inside this mask, whether this line art is an aesthetic decision or not.. I am still not convinced.<br /><br />After stage 2, 50 pages and more is written on basic light theory. Light direction and shadow theories written heavily in text are accompanied by the author's drawings which are beautiful but not functional to the context of the passage. The form of the body in relation to the light and shadow theory are also explored.<br /><br />The author gives a complete drawing of his own and put an analysis of his drawing of how the forms folds and connects in words. He could have done better if he had illustrated step by step. To be frank, I felt that this book is half assed.<br /><br />..More at (...) with photos of the inside of the booke block in into a fluid line. For artists who dislike edges in drawings especially in areas of light, this is also a big no-no since all of the drawings have this contour line visible. The realistic rendering is contained inside this mask, whether this line art is an aesthetic decision or not.. I am still not convinced.    After stage 2, 50 pages and more is written on basic light theory. Light direction and shadow theories written heavily in text are accompanied by the author's drawings which are beautiful but not functional to the context of the passage. The form of the body in relation to the light and shadow theory are also explored.    The author gives a complete drawing of his own and put an analysis of his drawing of how the forms folds and connects in words. He could have done better if he had illustrated step by step. To be frank, I felt that this book is half assed.    ..More at (...) with photos of the inside of the book
B000O8OTNC|1.0|No offense to the seller or anythng but this item is pure garbage. I have been sharpening knives for a very long time and i went to use this on my knife and it made the condition of the blade 10x worse then it was. not recommended. This sharpner ruined my fav knives. i am so upset with this
B006KX3GXO|5.0|this app deserves five stars with the features it has! and I'm not exaggerating either. I have photoshop elements on my Pc and I was surprised to see the large variation in effects available, with many filters not even present on my home photoshop. (I'm also including the masks) but I was surprised to see that there was also a lot of editing available on the brushes just as there were editing available on the filters. its easy to save and export pictures and as a free app, it deserves five stars :) my only wish is that sometime in the future the option to select only a portion of the picture so filters and effects could be applied more freely as opposed to having to apply an effect to the entire picture. but I love this app.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I've played a lot of solitaire games. this one is hands down the best. best thing is the undo. really important on mobiles and tablets.
B005V20JKI|4.0|This game is so addicting. I would give it 5 stars if the Amazon version updated at the same time as the Android Market. Just saw that there is a Christmas update with a new character in the market but nothing on Amazon yet. I didn't get the last update for almost a month after the release :(  Great game nonetheless!!
0446560073|4.0|The Youtube sensation continues in this second book.  What I love about SIMON'S CAT is how well Tofield captures the look and mannerisms of real house cats through his pantomime cartoons.  Quite remarkable and he is really a fabulous artist.  Lots of laughs and smiles throughout this book just as there was in the first one.  BEYOND THE FENCE tells a story about the cat's adventures out in the wild.  Each page can be taken as an individual cartoon and that's really how I prefer it.  The best parts are when Tofield just makes a cute drawing showing what a cat does during its everyday life.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I gave my husband a Kindle Fire for Christmas and knew that a case would be a necessity so I included it in his gift. This Marware cover turned out to be perfect. It's lightweight but very sturdy and gives excellent protection to the Kindle Fire without adding a lot of bulk. It was a perfect purchase.
1451627289|5.0|I finished reading \\"11/22/63\\" about a week ago, and this is certainly Stephen King's best novel since \\"The Stand\\" was published way back in 1978.  I can't make up my mind which one is better--both are masterpieces.  King sometimes has trouble ending his books, and his last outing (the mediocre \\"Under the Dome\\") is a good example of the constant author limping to a miserable finish.  As we approached the last few pages, I was nervous for the author, but this time, King stuck the landing.  This book is time travel done right, and \\"11/22/63\\" made this reader contemplate the same issues his protagonist does.  If you had the chance to do it all over again, would you?  Should you?  The \\"rules\\" King creates for time travel in this book feel right.  Stephen King has written any number of books filled with monsters, vampires and other ghoulies, and he even makes allusions and callbacks to some of those prior books in \\"11/22/63\\".  But the monsters that inhabit this book are the scariest kind--the fully human monsters that roam the earth wreaking havoc.  This book has more than a touch of romance in it. A love story weaves its way through this tale and it's beautifully done.  The characters are interesting and fully realized.  Only the librarian's demented ex-husband feels a bit like a cartoon villain, and that's likely because he has so little time on stage.
B0058ZPMYG|2.0|You would think that a movie with the likes of Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Natalie Portman, Rainn Wilson and Piper Laurie in the cast, you would at least have some interesting entertainment.  Unfortunately this film not only fails to entertain, but fails the smell test of reality.  Since this isn't an action movie or a sci-fi movie or a comic book movie, it would seem that the events might in fact have some likelihood of really happening.  Here we get a long haired tatted up young man named Hesher (Gordon-Levitt) who walks into the home of a depressed widower (Wilson), his 12 year old son (Devin Brochu) and his mother (Laurie) and takes over.  The first time I see this guy, I'm calling 911 but this family lets him move in.<br /><br />The film centers on the accidental death of the wife/mother who was killed a couple months earlier in a car accident.  TJ (Brochu) wants the car back after it was sold for junk, but must deal with the salvage operator's teen-age son who is the school bully.  In several scenes Hesher could prevent TJ's thumpings but doesn't.  You just know, he's trying to toughen up the kid by allowing him to be force fed urinal cake.  Or maybe turn him in to a psychotic serial killer.  Who knows.  Natalie Portman plays a part time grocery cashier who has trouble making ends meet but helps TJ avoid another thumping in the parking lot.  TJ has a crush on her so when she meets Hesher who is more age-appropriate you know what happens.<br /><br />Portman's just along for the ride, looking to get another notch on her gun named \\"indi\\".  Hesher's not some misunderstood homeless man looking to do the right thing.  He's essentially a criminal who doesn't think rationally but somehow we are supposed to be sympathetic I guess, especially given the closing scene.  The movie is not good.
B005CMSDKA|3.0|The digital copy of this movie is not on a disc.  It requires a download (1.74GB) but in order to download it you are required to install their \\"download manager\\" (at least for Windows media version).  I don't appreciate having to install their crapware just to watch my movie. Then there is the usual downside of a digital copy - When you get a new PC all your digital copies die with the old PC, as they can not be transferred or re-downloaded to a new PC.
B004LWZW7O|3.0|In a near future world where everyone drives a Dodge Challenger or is chauffeured in a Lincoln Town Car or takes the bus, time is money.  Literally, a person's life span is determined by how much wealth he or she accumulates.  I love the premise.  In order to buy groceries, your life span is shortened by minutes.  Pay your rent?  A couple months.  You replenish your wealth/life span by your work or charity.  The good news is that the clock kicks in when you're 25 and that's how you look until your time expires.  In this film, at 25 everyone is gorgeous too.  I guess the gene pool is changed as well.  Justin Timberlake takes on his first lead role as Will Salas, one of the laborer class who lives day to day with his mom played by Olivia Wilde.  When Will helps an ultra wealthy (centuries in the bank) man from a criminal gang, intent on robbing his time (easily done with a cute arm-to-arm transfer process), the man gives Will all his time, essentially committing suicide.  Will is caught on a camera nearby so becomes the prime suspect in what police believe to be murder.<br /><br />The story gets interesting when Will escapes to the wealthy part of the city.  He meets a different class and falls for the daughter (a dull Amanda Seyfried) of the central banker (creepy Vincent Kartheiser from \\"Mad Men\\").  While the trip from the ghetto to the wealthy part of the city took a while the first time, the characters continue to move back and forth with unusual speed.  This didn't make much sense.  The filmmakers were obviously implanting a story line of class warfare, and it's laid down with a heavy hand.  The most interesting character in the movie is the cop known as the Timekeeper (Cillian Murphy).  His character should have been more fully explored.  This isn't a terrible movie but is a bit of a bore.  In time you will forget \\"In Time\\".
0553801473|4.0|After reading Martin's \\"A Feast for Crows,\\" I wrote to a friend who also was reading the \\"Song of Ice and Fire\\" series, and suggested I might not read the next volume. I told her that when I started the series, I wondered where Martin was going. After \\"Crows\\" I wondered, \\"Is he going anywhere\\"? But, having invested a lot of time in the first four books, i decided to give \\"A Dance With Dragons\\" a try. I'm glad I did. I still don't know where Martin is going, but the journey's become more interesting.<br /><br />I started reading the series while HBO was advertising in advance of \\"A Game of Thrones.\\" The more I read of Martin, the more I'm convinced HBO was the only choice to produce these books, with violence and sex galore. Most specifically, like HBO's \\"The Sopranos\\" and \\"Boardwalk Empire,\\" Martin has no compunction about killing off major characters early and often. When I began \\"A Game of Thrones,\\" I thought the story was about Ned Stark. I was wrong. Robb Stark? Wrong again. The two bastards, Jon Stark and Tyrion Lannister? Doesn't look like it. Maybe it's Anya and Bran's story. Or Daenerys. Who knows.<br /><br />Sometimes I think Martin's paid by the word. Not because his stories are so long, but because of the many diversions he takes - to different cities , introducing new characters, some who advance the plot, and many who don't. We get a full look at the cultures of these cities - religions, customs, dress, hairstyles, coins, favorite foods. All interesting enough, but sometimes I mentally scream, \\"Get on with it\\"!<br /><br />But Martin does write stirring set pieces, such as the procession of the northmen through the Wall; the release of the dragons; and Cersei's repentance. It's these large-scale scenes - and the fates of the remaining major characters - that keep me going. Who is the story about? I hope we'll eventually find out.
B0067QPVD2|3.0|As a fan of all \\"Things\\" I find this prequel to the 1982 version generally of the same caliber if not quite its equal.  In fact, I think they could make a compelling double feature.  It is in fact 1982 and a Norwegian group of scientists in Antarctica discover an anomaly located deep below the ice.  An American helicopter crew shuttle the lead scientist (Ulrich Thomsen) who was summoned from Norway to check out what's what.  Along for the ride to help out is Kate Lloyd (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) an expert on extracting animal carcasses.  They believe they have found an alien pilot frozen in the ice outside a space vehicle that crashed a hundred thousand years earlier.<br /><br />Winstead is an interesting choice to play what becomes the heroine of the story.  She is shy, attractive but plain and somewhat dorky.  Here she is with a group of a dozen or so Norwegian men and one woman.  Remind you of anyone?  Try Sigourney Weaver of the \\"Alien\\" franchise.  After \\"The Thing\\" escapes its now melting block of ice, it is Kate who discovers that it has the ability to replicate human cells and take over their bodies.  Unfortunately, the filmmakers were anxious to show off the creature in various stages of being, much too early in the movie.  Most great horror films hold back on showing the creature in order to build more suspense and anticipation.  Still, there are plenty of scenes to jump start the heart if that's what you're after.<br /><br />\\"The Thing\\" really doesn't give us anything we haven't already learned from the '82 version and to a lesser extent the 1951 original.  The special effects are a modest boost based on current technology.  Most interesting is the homage paid to those earlier films, especially John Carpenter's.  There are brief interludes of Carpenter's quick musical drumbeats and the ending sequence leads perfectly to the opening of Carpenter's terrific film.  This \\"Thing\\" isn't a great movie, but an honest, if unnecessary, attempt at an update.
B005KELQEU|4.0|I have a similar sleeve for my Kindle 2. Had one of those \\"book cover\\" things for the Kindle 2 and didn't like it cause it added weight to the Kindle 2 so I typically removed it from the \\"book cover\\" for reading. And the \\"book cover\\" thing didn't protect the Kindle 2 in my bag very well -- kept opening up and other things got inside of it. The Belkin sleeve is exactly what I want/need -- protection for when I am not using the Kindle and out of my way when reading it. Ergo, I got the Belkin sleeve for the two Kindle Touch's that I purchased for my kids for Christmas.
B0064NTZQ2|5.0|I was expecting a good movie but nothing like this.  Danish director Nicolas Winding Refn delivers his first American film and boy does he deliver.  Ryan Gosling continues his launch to superstardom as a part time movie stunt driver which supplements his day job as a mechanic.  He also spends a few nights driving a getaway car for nefarious types.  Carey Mulligan plays his shy, but clearly interested neighbor, who lives with her young son.  Her husband, Standard is about to be released from prison.  But let me not get ahead of myself.  The story isn't that important.  We've seen it before and will certainly see it again.  What is important is the style and abdication of the traditional action thriller.<br /><br />The opening of the film has \\"Driver\\" (he has no other name) working with a couple burglars in the middle of the night.  When the cops are called, he monitors their communication on a police scanner.  This is where most movies activate the car chase sequence.  Refn does the scene in cat-and-mouse, hide-and-seek style.  It's brilliant as is the photography of a wet but brightly lit city.  Throughout the movie, Refn and his musical director layer a soundtrack reminiscent of Tangerine Dream or something from Giogio Moroder.  There is nothing familiar about the music.  I suspect it is Euro in its origins.  It is perfectly placed each time.<br /><br />Back to Irene and \\"Driver\\".  There is a scene when they first meet.  Both are very quiet as is the whole movie.  They don't talk much.  But when they look at each other, you can see the quiet begin to smolder.  It doesn't explode, but the attraction isn't hidden.  When Standard (never heard that name before) is released and comes home, again we expect a traditional confrontation between him and Driver.  Instead, Standard (Oscar Isaac) is very understanding.  He has debts, however and Driver offers to help him pull of a heist of a pawn shop.  It doesn't go well.  Let the violence begin.<br /><br />Like many brilliant movies (Taxi Driver, Godfather, Goodfellas), the violence becomes the antithesis of the quiet tone of the film.  It is quick but extremely graphic when it comes.  One of the great things about this movie is that it surprises at every turn.  The tension grabs you early and rarely releases.  It is not like a traditional thriller, where the action delivers the tension, then you rest when it's over.  This movie surprises, so you're never quite sure what will happen next.  At the same time Refn creates tenderness between the characters, especially between Driver and Irene, between Standard and Irene and between Driver and his mentor Shannon (Bryan Cranston).  Comparisons between Gosling's character and those created in the past by Clint Eastwood and Steve McQueen are valid.  I would also be remiss by pointing out the role of Bernie, the local mobster honcho played by Albert Brooks.  The comedian gives the film yet another pleasant surprise.  \\"Driver\\" succeeds on many levels.  It is an elegant, violent and cool art-house thriller.  And the best new movie I've seen this year.<br /><br />2-1-12 - Blu ray update:  This second helping on the just released Blu ray solidifies my original observations.  These subsequent viewings of great movies allow you to focus on things you might have missed the first time around...or just want to see it again.  Since I now know the plot (or at least think I do), can I find answers of confirm previous beliefs?  The story itself is as old as mythology.  Remember \\"Camelot\\" or at least the tale of King Arthur and his Queen Guinevere and the knight Lancelot?  The attraction between Guinevere and Lancelot is evident, but both want to remain loyal to their King who they love.<br /><br />Here we have Standard who is married to Irene.  By all accounts, although he made a mistake, he is otherwise a good guy.  The initial attraction between Irene and Driver smolders as they don't want to hurt Standard.  Their relationship is chaste but knowing he maybe killed or at least leaving town, Driver acts on that attraction in the elevator.  In one of the best scenes in recent memory, he plants a long kiss on Irene.  Not one of those sloppy, all-over-your-face, tongue-in-mouth kisses but one of those real kisses like Cary Grant planted on Ingrid Bergman in \\"Notorious.\\" This tender moment precludes a deadly confrontation with a hired killer in the same elevator.<br /><br />This movie is scant of dialog.  Instead the actors, especially Ryan Gosling and Carey Mulligan must perform with their eyes, their faces and their gestures.  The 3 \\"car chase\\" sequences are all different but they are expertly done and remain great moments in the film.  Albert Brooks should have been nominated for an Oscar for his performance as Bernie Rose.  The soundtrack is perfectly layered.<br /><br />The Blu ray transfer is perfect.  Much of the film is at night, so the blacks must be black and the room should be dark.  The DTS-HD sound is magnificent and at its best during the car sequences.  The rumbling of the engines via the woofers and subs adds another type of musicality.  There are 4 supplemental featurettes with the producers, the director, the head stunt driver and all the primary actors except Ryan Gosling who is missing for some reason.that attraction in the elevator.  In one of the best scenes in recent memory, he plants a long kiss on Irene.  Not one of those sloppy, all-over-your-face, tongue-in-mouth kisses but one of those real kisses like Cary Grant planted on Ingrid Bergman in \\"Notorious.\\" This tender moment precludes a deadly confrontation with a hired killer in the same elevator.  This movie is scant of dialog.  Instead the actors, especially Ryan Gosling and Carey Mulligan must perform with their eyes, their faces and their gestures.  The 3 \\"car chase\\" sequences are all different but they are expertly done and remain great moments in the film.  Albert Brooks should have been nominated for an Oscar for his performance as Bernie Rose.  The soundtrack is perfectly layered.  The Blu ray transfer is perfect.  Much of the film is at night, so the blacks must be black and the room should be dark.  The DTS-HD sound is magnificent and at its best during the car sequences.  The rumbling of the engines via the woofers and subs adds another type of musicality.  There are 4 supplemental featurettes with the producers, the director, the head stunt driver and all the primary actors except Ryan Gosling who is missing for some reason.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|Tried to use this in church but couldn't because there wasn't wifi. The app crashed. Even though the bibles are stored locally you need wifi. Makes the app mostly pointless.
0226264211|1.0|Once again the famous Milton freedman who proved the Phillips curve for his Nobel prize is wrong. Not only did the Phillips curve get totally debunked, but the rest of his ideas failed to account for reality as well.  When will people give up on Monetarism, it's not real and no one even considers it valid anymore in academic economics.
B001AW156U|5.0|Excellent! Easy to install and gives the remotes a much better feel. I have large hands so the PS3 triggers on the remotes were hard to use because my fingers were always slipping off the trigger buttons so I purchased these to help.  Would definitely purchase again.
1608870081|5.0|We found this book a delight for anyone let alone a Harry Potter fan, The popups are truely amazing as we collect pop up books this is something we will be able to read for many years. I think it needs careful handling as some of the pop ups are rather delicate but apart from that a great gift or purchase for anyone
B000001E21|4.0|Its great! I like most of their albums except X. They have never played any song from that album since. Not a bad song on here!
B000VNMMPM|5.0|I love the way this film was shot. Black and white, well shot scenes, and an amazing story. Overall a great film!
B0034G4P9E|5.0|I just pre-ordered this movie and cant wait for it to arrive to watch it again.  This is easily one of my favorite movies of all time.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|It is useful and responsive. Nice to help tweak the right location for your wireless router. Get it and find out if you have channel interference from other routers.
B005KELQEU|5.0|Having bought a Belkin for my K2, and a Belkin for my K3 (Kindle with keypad) and being happy with both (except for the zipper system on the K3 model), I didn't hesitate to order this one.  What I didn't like about the zipper on the K3 model (only openning across one side, harder to insert and remove the K3) has been corrected. They have gone back to the method used on the K2 model (openning along the top and continuing down the side).  The interior is a soft white padding. I would have prefered a gray or some other color that wouldn't show soil as easily, but it is acceptable. I think there is sufficent padding in the the sleeve to protect the K Touch from most drops. It will not be protected from direct blows with a hammer or anything exceptionally heavy landing on it. But this is fine for my purposes. It is not waterproof, but is water resistant.  I prefer to read my Kindles naked ( the K's, not me) so a sleeve, rather than a cover, is perfect for me.  I highly recommend this Belkin sleeve to anyone that wants protection without adding too much weight and likes to read without a cover.
B0052UZIFA|3.0|This game does not run on my brand new Galaxy Nexus. All I get is a black screen if anything at all. You would think it would work on the latest google phone but alas it does not.<br /><br />But it does work great on the Kindle Fire!
B001MEJY8W|5.0|I wish to start by stating I have seen some of the most graphic and horrific horror films of all time.  Yes I have seen August Underground films, I have seen Men Behind the Sun, and I have seen a number of other just as graphic.  What sets Martyrs apart from the rest of these is the emotional connection to the main characters I felt, the sheer horror at what is happening to them.  I tend to be a clinical viewer of horror films....this film ripped straight through my normal detachment and truly FORCED me to feel the raw horror and anguish of the evil taking place.  I actually had tears in my eyes at the end, totally and with full empathy FEELING what she must have been feeling...not only the desolation, terror, and pain, but what I can only describe as acceptance and serenity with her situation.  And it was truly horrible.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|Very good app for reading books. Keeps all your books for ever so you can remove them from the device but still have access to them. Plus I can borrow digital books from my library and read hem in this app.
B005VT42BS|5.0|Absolutely essential if you configure or troubleshoot networks. It provides a wealth of information and tools that you will come to rely on.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Like the functionality. No need to drag cards. Only wish it could see a win without putting all the deal stack on the board. Once all the cards are flipped on the board, it should recognize a win and then offer to auto complete. Overall a well built app though.
B005LAIIQM|4.0|Based on a true story and highly influenced by the 2002 discovery of letters and diary of Sabina Spielrein.<br /><br />Keira Knightley shines magnificently as Sabina Spielrein, a spastic, neurotic, but highly intelligent patient of the young Swiss doctor Carl Jung (methodically played by Michael Fassbender). While she is neurotic her intellect still reasons. In an early scene Sabina is in a pond as the men in white coats try to persuade her out.<br /><br />The clinic director approaches her and says \\"You clearly have too much time on your hands. We must find something for you to do. What are your interests?\\"<br /><br />Sabina, \\"Suicide and interplanetary travel.\\"  In this simple scene we can grasp her intellect and her issues.<br /><br />Jung allows Sabina, (who wants to be a doctor) to act as his assistant, a task she does a little too well as demonstrated with her diagnosis of patients using word associtaion. Sabina has been abused by her father. Now it gets weird. He would slap her, then make her kiss his hand afterwards. He would also spank her bare bottom, something Keira confesses caused arousal, even at an early age. She would do things which would cause her to be spanked.<br /><br />In one scene Sabina is on a moving river boat talking to Dr. Jung, however the scenery behind her never changes. It looks as it the background is superimposed. The background also appears fake when you see the statue of liberty.<br /><br />Carl Jung decides to consult some guy named Sigmund Freud (Viggo Mortensen) about this case. Mortensen plays Freud somewhat stiff, for a guy who relates everything to sex.  When cocaine snorting, womanizer patient (Vincent Cassel as Otto Gross) shows up at the clinic, his unethical ways cause Jung to question his life and his relationship with Knightly who now desires sex and a good spanking.<br /><br />Freud is always pictured with a cigar in his hand or mouth(sometimes a cigar is just a cigar), but his other idiosyncrasies are not captured. Note the German custom of wearing the wedding ring on the right hand. He is involved in a lot of dialouge scenes about sex, repression, ego, and dream interpretation. What should be a five star movie from the cast, lacks action in the script and good drama in the dialouge, but does have an historical interest. Worth while rental.<br /><br />f-bomb, sex, spanking, and nudity (Sarah Marecek, Keira Knightley)hand. He is involved in a lot of dialouge scenes about sex, repression, ego, and dream interpretation. What should be a five star movie from the cast, lacks action in the script and good drama in the dialouge, but does have an historical interest. Worth while rental.    f-bomb, sex, spanking, and nudity (Sarah Marecek, Keira Knightley)
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|I have tried everything to get rid of this application. I pulled my battery out, I pulled out my sd card
B0060ZJ7BC|5.0|This movie is based on a true story and is a must see for baseball fans, especially those who play fantasy ball. After losing his top ballplayers, Oakland A's GM Billy Beane (Brad Pitt) finds himself a computer nerd (Jonah Hill) to pick players for him, players that are cheap. They sign a catcher (Chris Pratt) who can't throw, an outfielder (Nick Porrazzo) with an iron glove, a \\"has been\\" with bad knees (Stephen Bishop), and a pitcher (Casey Bond) who throws underhand. The stat they use to obtain talent in the film is primarily \\"On Base Percentage\\" (OBP).<br /><br />Philip Seymour Hoffman, nearly unrecognizable with his head shaved, plays Art Howe the field manager of the team. The movie is interrupted by flash backs in Billy Beane's baseball player career, and his present home life. Art Howe doesn't like the team he has been dealt and fails to manager the team according to the expectations of Billy Beane. This is primarily the fault of Billy Beane who failed to bring in Art Howe on the decision making process to obtain the new players. Howe looks at them as being defective and unusable.<br /><br />A person can watch and enjoy \\"Secretariat\\" without being a horse race fan. This movie is different in that it incorporates a lot of baseball jargon. It attempts to have universal appeal, but I would suspect non-fans might lose interest. If your girl friend is not a baseball fan, you might first wean her in with that Dru Barrymore Redsox Movie.
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|A movie for ppl who loves Paris.. who loves Woody Allen Kinda movie. He got his touch back again in this movie... Hippopotaumus
B0055SWM08|5.0|zen a pleasure to play ... soon you will be able to &quot;see&quot; the solution before your fingers make it happen.
B0063IH60K|4.0|this game works brest for a free game.  it does have mini ads but they don't come in to play until after you have completed a game
0060873027|1.0|Bad book - waste of my good money-did not finish it. Don't waste your money. Wish I could get a refund
B0058VW36U|5.0|My 7 year old and I played the whole morning. The only other game we love as much is Where is my water? Worth every penny.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Plays as good or better than the default windows solitaire game. Cant ask for more. It does have ads though :(
B0062KJ1Q6|4.0|You might be used to watch Mr. McBride play grotesque, over the top and above all profane characters before, but never with the depth he plays the villain in this movie. If you're a fan of  [[ASIN:B005FMWAOM Eastbound & Down]]you see hints of the prowess of Mr. MacBrides performance. And someone said that great villains make great heroes. In this case I will say the opposite. Mr. Jesse Eisenberg ([[ASIN:B0034G4P7Q The Social Network]) The premise of this movie is very straight forward, as exemplified on trailer and other marketing tidbits. A pizza delivery boy, gets drawn to a bank heist by means of a bomb attached to his chest and the treat of blowing him off if he doesn't do it. As the story unfolds the performances of the cast gets better. Now. Don't take me wrong, if you are not a fan of Danny McBride you might have a harder time not only enjoying, but understanding this brand of humor reminiscence of a Funny or Die video. This film doesn't deliver anything more beyond that. In all said. You won't be disappointed if you enjoy this type of humor Farrel and McBride itself, unless you are more fond of the New York clown like Seinfeld, Louis CK or even Chris Rock. I would give this movie 3 1/2 for performance and pacing. The director went straight to the point, with no filler in this 83 min movie.
1451627289|5.0|I finished with Stephen King around the time of the excellent Needful Things. I gave up soon after trying, and then putting away, IT and Tommyknockers. I was 20 and moved on to bigger things. A few years ago I tried his short story collection (I love short stories), Just After Sunset, but gave up after some poor girl is hassled by a psycho with a bad case of the cliches (I almost thought he was going to cry, \\"Heeeere's Johnny!\\"). All that I disliked in Stephen King was there - the awful dialogue, the poorly crafted characters, the cringe worthy descriptive writing.   What brought me back? I read a real corker of a short story in Granta Magazine - Horror edition. It is a literary magazine, and I laughed when I saw Stephen King there, but his story \\"The Dunes\\" had such a fantastic resolution, a real kick in the guts. After reading so many literary novels over the years, it was cool to be back with the King of Pulp.  So I picked up 11/22/63 last week from the library and, thanks to a really bad back, got to read it in less than a week at home.  Yep, all the Stephen King shortcomings are there - that overly colloquial narrator's tone with its corny cliched anachronisms, the pretty awful dialogue and a back story that had very, very little to say about JFK, Oswald or the way things were during 1960s America. Seriously, it was as superficial as, Stephen King would say, a reality TV star bathing in a bathub of champagne.   Oh, and what's with the main character? Yet another English teacher/novelist from Maine with an alcohol problem (albiet his ex-wife's this time). Why doesn't he just call all his protagonists Stephen?    So why the 5 stars?  Because Stephen King is the master of plot. He makes you read on and on, even when it's late and you want to stop, and doesn't let you put down the book until you arrive breathless at the end. Seriously, I got half way through this and thought there was no way King could hold me for another 350 pages when so much had happened. He did. He feeds you enough tibbits that you just have to find out if Jake can make it past Maine and the family he tries to save, onwards to Texas and his \\"poundcake mama\\" (seriously - poundcake? Worst euphamism for sex since \\"making whoppee\\"), his run ins with Lee Harvey and the gut busting finale.   That plot was a killer, and even though I can't say it spoke to me at all (what was he saying? You can't change fate? Things happen for a reason?) I've got to give him both thumbs up for just letting me go along for the ride.
B005CYLSW8|4.0|This new cycle by Chailly and the Gewandhaus has a lot going for it.  Chailly has clearly thought much about these interpretations, and perhaps that is the most important thing to know about these recordings:  They are one interpretation.  I enjoy the fresh, dynamic performances, and the sound is outstanding.  In my personal view, these are among the finest recordings available of the 1st, 4th, 7th, and 9th symphonies.  These particular symphonies in this cycle rise to the level of greatness.    Still, there is something missing in some of these readings...Chailly certainly has a point to make, but perhaps at the expense of emotion and feeling.  His close adherence to original tempi markings does not always lead to great results.  The 3rd symphony is the prime example here, where the Finale is simply pushed too hard and fast.  This leads to some blurring of detail, and some lack of warmth and mystery.  Compare to the Szell/Cleveland 3rd, and one will see how this can be done without pushing too hard.  Another example is the 8th, where some of the notes are so clipped so fast as to render the passage unrecognizable.  Perhaps this was what Chailly had in mind, but to my ears it doesn't quite work.  This is not to say they aren't lively, engaging readings, just not great.    In comparing these performances to Mackerras and the Scottish Chamber Orchestra, my favorite period informed set on modern instruments, the Chailly set has better sound but overall the Mackerras performances wear better over repeated listenings.  Harnoncourt is also one of the great sets in my opinion, also a good balance of period tempi and modern instruments.  I don't care for the Zinman or Gardiner sets, and I have yet to hear the Krivine or most recent Abbado sets.  I still love my Wand, Bernstein, and Szell sets as well, though those are more traditional performances.
B002DZX958|4.0|CD 1: Bartk: Concerto for Orchestra; Orchestral Pieces, Op.12  Four Orchestral Pieces op.12 (Sz 51)  1 1. Preludio  2 2. Scherzo: allegro  3 3. Intermezzo: Moderato  4 4. Marcia funebre: Maestoso  Concerto for Orchestra, Sz. 116  5 1. Introduzione (Andante non troppo - Allegro vivace  6 2. Giuoco della coppie (Allegretto scherzando)  7 3. Elegia (Andante, non troppo)  8 4. Intermezzo interrotto (Allegretto)  9 5. Finale (Pesante - Presto)  Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez  CD 2: Bartk: Divertimento; Dance Suite; Hungarian Sketches; Two Pictures  Dance Suite, Sz. 77  1 1. Moderato  2 2. Allegro molto  3 3. Allegro vivace  4 4. Molto tranquillo  5 5. Comodo  6 6. Finale (Allegro)  2 Pictures, (Op.10) Sz. 46  7 In voller Blte  8 Dorftanz  Hungarian Sketches, Sz. 97  9 1. An Evening in the Village  10 2. Bear Melody  11 3. Melody  12 4. Slightly Tipsy  13 5. Swineherd's Dance  Divertimento for Strings, Sz. 113  14 1. Allegro non troppo  15 2. Molto adagio  16 3. Allegro assai  Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez  CD 3: Bartk: Piano Concertos Nos.1 - 3  Piano Concerto No.1, BB 91, Sz. 83  1 1. Allegro moderato - Allegro  2 2. Andante  3 Allegro - 3. Allegro molto  Krystian Zimerman, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez  Piano Concerto No.2, BB 101, Sz. 95  4 1. Allegro  5 2. Adagio - Pi adagio - Presto  6 3. Allegro molto  Leif Ove Andsnes, Berliner Philharmoniker, Pierre Boulez  Piano Concerto No.3, BB 127, Sz. 119  7 1. Allegretto  8 2. Adagio religioso  9 3. Allegro vivace  Hlne Grimaud, London Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez  CD 4: Bartk: Concerto for Two Pianos, Percussion and Orchestra; Violin Concerto No.1; Viola Concerto  Concerto for 2 Pianos, Percussion, and Orchestra, Sz.115  1 Assai lento - Allegro molto  2 Lento ma non troppo  3 Allegro ma non troppo  Pierre-Laurent Aimard, Tamara Stefanovich, Neil Percy, Nigel Thomas, London Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez  Violin Concerto No.1 (Op.posth), Sz36  4 1. Andante sostenuto5 2. Allegro giocoso  Gidon Kremer, Berliner Philharmoniker, Pierre Boulez  Concerto for Viola and Orchestra, op.post.  Version: Tibor Serly  6 1. Moderato - Lento parlando  7 2. Adagio religioso - Allegretto  8 3. Allegro vivace  Yuri Bashmet, Berliner Philharmoniker, Pierre Boulez  CD 5: Bartk: Violin Concerto No.2; Rhapsodies Nos.1 & 2  Violin Concerto No.2, Sz.112  1 1. Allegro non troppo  2 2. Andante tranquillo  3 3. Allegro molto  Rhapsody No.1 for Violin and Orchestra, Sz. 87  4 1. Moderato  5 2. Allegretto moderato  Rhapsody for Violin and Orchestra no.2 Sz 90  6 1. Lass: Moderato  7 2. Friss: Allegro moderato  Gil Shaham, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez  CD 6: Bartk: Bluebeard's Castle  Bluebeard's Castle, Sz. 48 (Op.11)  1 Prologue - Opening Scene. \\"Megrkeztnk\\"  2 \\"Ez a Kkszakll vra?\\"  3 \\"Nagy csukott ajtkat\\"  4 Door 1. \\"Jaj!\\" \\"Mit ltsz? Mit ltsz?\\" \\"Lncok, ksek\\"  5 Door 2. \\"Mit ltsz?\\" \\"Szzkegyetlen szrny fegyver\\"  6 Door 3. \\"Oh, be sok kincs! Oh, be sok kincs!\\"  7 Door 4. \\"Oh! virgok! Oh! ilatoskert!\\"  8 Fifth Door. Kkszakll: \\"Nzd hogy derl mr a vram\\"  9 Door 6. \\"Csendes fehr tavat ltok\\"  10 \\"Az utolst nem nyitom ki\\"  11 \\"Tudom, tudom, Kkszakll\\"  12 Door 7. \\"Lsd a rgi aszszonyokat\\"  Jessye Norman, Lszl Polgr, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez  CD 7: Bartk: Cantata profana, Sz94; The Wooden Prince, Op.13  Cantata Profana, BB.100, Sz.94 - The Nine Splendid Stags  1 1. Molto moderato  2 2. Andante  3 3. Moderato  John Aler, John Tomlinson, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez, Chicago Symphony Chorus, Margaret Hillis  The Wooden Prince, Sz. 60 (Op.13)  4 Introduction  5 1st Dance: Dance of the Princess in the Forest  6 2nd Dance: Dance of the Trees  7 3rd Dance: Dance of the Waves  8 4th Dance: Dance of the Princess with the Wooden Doll  9 5th Dance: The Princess pulls and tugs at the Wooden Prince and tries to make him dance  10 6th Dance: She tries to attract the real Prince with her seductive dancing  11 7th Dance: Dismayed, the Princess attempts to hurry after the Prince, but the Forest bars her way  Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez  CD 8: Bartk: The Miraculous Mandarin, Op.19; Music for Strings, Precussion and Celesta, Sz 106  The Miraculous Mandarin, BB 82, Sz. 73 (Op.19)  1 Allegro: Introduction  2 Moderato: First decoy game  3 Second decoy game  4 Sostenuto: Third decoy game  5 Maestoso: The Mandarin enters  6 Allegro: The girl sinks down to embrace him  7 Sempre vivo: The tramps leap out  8 Adagio: Suddenly the Mandarin's head appears  9 Agitato: Again, the frightened tramps discuss how to eliminate the Mandarin  Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez  10 Molto moderato: The body of the Mandarin begins to glow with a greenish blue light  Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez, Chicago Symphony Chorus, Duain Wolfe  11 Pi mosso - Vivo - She resists no longer, - they embrace  Music for Strings, Percussion and Celesta, Sz. 106  12 1. Andante tranquillo  13 2. Allegro  14 3. Adagio  15 4. Allegro molto  Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Pierre Boulez
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Amazing story..Very detailed..Very graphic. Just finished the 3rd in this trilogy.All three books were very hard to put down...This author keeps you wanting to read just a little more before you put it away..Many days, I would come back from break or lunch at work a little late...just wanted to read more...My bf is now reading the 2nd book. My daughter has read all three. Its Survivor with their lives. Amazing.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|this is one of the best app I have used for android. recommended for anyone who wants to keep notes
B000MD9UJC|5.0|These Nite-ize LED retrofits WILL void your Maglite limited lifetime warranty. I call them retrofits because I think if it voids your warranty.. you shouldn't call it an upgrade.<br /><br />You can get away with just purchasing the LED only without the tail-cap assembly. It's a little bit cheaper but the tail-cap is nice because it gives you a little insurance the flashlight won't accidentally turn on. You have to push the button and turn the focus bezel in order to turn the light on. Some may find this annoying. You can also no longer focus your light-beam with the retrofit but it's so much brighter it doesn't matter.<br /><br />This is much, MUCH brighter than the old incandescent bulbs and only sips at your battery power. Nite-ize website rates battery life at about 25 hours on the 2 \\"AA\\" mini maglite. I think it's a 5 star product whether you get it with the tail-cap or not.<br /><br />Installation is simple. My maglight was about 8-9 years old when I installed it. I'm 2+ years into the retrofit and have no issues or complaints. I'm very sorry to hear some reviewers have had negative experiences with this product.<br /><br />I also installed the retrofit to my 2 D cell maglight sans tailcap. It boosted battery life from about 10 hours on incandescent bulbs to about 50 hours on the LED. Both great products in my opinion. Just take care when installing the new LED bulb. It's easy to damage the prongs.. but still easy to install.
B00441E2R8|2.0|As a plastic, waterproof, inexpensive watch you would wear to the beach and pool.. it's perfect.  Sadly, the black on black on black motif has been taken too far.  You can't read the thing.. at all.  The pictures lead you to believe that there is a tonal difference between the face and the hands, but there isn't.  You can't read the date at all.. and you look like a moron tilting your arm to just the right angle so you could maybe make it all out.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor.. go buy the Citizen black canvas ecodrive watch.  It's black on black, but with tonal differences that make it readable.. and the date wheel is printed in white.  Much more practical watch for the same money.
B004T2QZL8|1.0|It is a great game but it needs to be updated. The Market version is up to date why isn't this one.
031617615X|5.0|I finally decided to read this series, just these last 2 months.  I was enthralled from the first page of the first book to the last page of Breaking Dawn.  I read the reviews for Breaking Dawn, and wondered if I should bother with it because the reviews were so bad.  Oh my! I loved this book and especially loved the way the author ended the series, it was just right.  I will say, I have been reading books for the last 60 years and these were some of the very best ever.  I could hardly put each of them down and could not wait to start the next.
B005NS0VNU|5.0|Hard core fans will be disappointed by the omissions, but that is inevitable in any collection like this and they can look forward to the inevitable box set collections that will give them all the missing great songs, side b's, and rare recordings they want.  But considering that the end of the band was probably not expected, this obviously quickly put together retrospective to bring in some money gives casual listeners and intermediate fans a full 40 songs for a great price to remember this great band by.  If you dont have all their material already, this isnt a bad place to start at all, and it may be as far as you go in which case the price is right for the material. I think the title itself tells us the band realizes there is some musical \\"garbage\\" here as far as they are concerned, but that simple \\"garbage\\" song may be how a person remembers REM and far be it from me to criticize how a person chooses to remember a band.  Just that they will be remembered is what is important because they were important in the history of rock 'n roll.  Hard core fans, who are the primary negative reviewers here, should just be patient and wait for the real collections later on.
B005HV6Y84|4.0|One thing I do like about the Twilight Soundtracks is the variety of music it provides. The soundtracks have provided a great arrangements of songs that are very appealing. This soundtrack is not the best and does have some more well-known names in it than the past ones, but does bring some nice variety to it. Although I'm not \\"completely\\" crazy about the films... I prefer the books (I especially prefer \\"The Host\\" to the Twilight series), I am definitely a fan of the soundtracks! Even if you aren't a fan of the movies or the books, the soundtracks are a great compilation of unique, new, and astounding music.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Works great and if you like playing solitaire you will love this.works great and never any problems with the operation of the game.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I've had my Kindle fire for approximately one month now. My wife purchased it for me for an early Christmas present. We have downloaded some new apps (Angry birds, Free cell, Sudoku free, wordid, words with friends, etc.). All were free or at a minimum cost of $.99. We have downloaded several books at similar costs. It seems easy to manipulate through these choices and the picture is really great. I've accessed my email account wirelessly through my home computer and read through my Facebook home page. So far I am very pleased with everything the Kindle has done for me performance wise. Be careful ordering accessories, it is so easy you can go overboard in a heartbeat. I am totally thrilled with my Kindle Fire.
0439813786|5.0|I enjoyed the book immensely.  Not only did it have an interesting plot, it also had illustrations by the author that were fun to look at.
B0058YPGSY|5.0|I read all reviews and some say ending finale was not exciting?  you must be kidding!  It left us hanging and wanting for more, true?  So what's not to love?  I agree with one person who said that the series has gone 'beyond the normal biker MO' because it really has gone too far toward the outlaw bad guy image and it could make people think this is what all bikers are like and we know that's not so.  However, I love the action, love the betrayals and secrets etc. and the thrills of what is happening and what is to come, keeps me on my toes.
B0057R5XRG|5.0|I received the Jurassic Park 3-pack Blue Ray set in great condition! I had been waiting a long time for the arrival of this set and when it finally came out, I purchased it immediately! Very pleased with condition, packaging and content!
B003Y5H5AG|2.0|I thought this would be a really fun movie to take my five year old to since The Smurfs was my favorite cartoon when I was about her age; but it turned out that I could barely sit through it. I am not a picky movie goer. I can sit through almost anything that is not gory. But this movie was so boring and and the \\"comedy\\" so contrived that I felt embarrassed for the writers. What's the word?... CORNY! That's it! This is the CORNIEST movie I've ever forced myself to sit through. The villain was particularly annoying in that regard. The animation was kind of neat, though not nearly as good as I had anticipated, and my five year old seemed to like it okay though and laughed at a few of the jokes, so that is why I gave it two stars.
B0002KVUL6|4.0|Shakespeare it isn't, but dang, it's just plain fun!  All it takes is the willingness to just sit back and go along for the ride.  The performances are forgettable and occasionally laughable, but the CGI is great!  None of it is believable, and it not to be taken seriously, but it sucks you in if you let it. It's like they gathered up all the monsters they could find and locked them in a room with a crew of stoned CGI guys.  Silly it may be, but it works. David Wenham's hilarious horny friar is worth the price of the ticket.
B0002VEPRQ|5.0|The best movie every!  Super fast delivery too. This is a wonderful movie for any child or adult - lots of singing, dancing, and just fun!
B004RJMUJO|3.0|Graphics are low res and pixelated. Fruit slice is free and looks better. Should offer at least a similar experience or better for the price
B005J7K950|1.0|It's Back... and with no video quality upgrade whatsoever.... keep your vhs copies and laserdisc transfers... this is the same video quality with no upgrade at all . What a waste of Kino's reputation as masters of the upgraded quality older film releases . What a waste of dvd media to do nothing to the video but only the audio..<br /><br />This is the worst this to ever happen to poor Fritz Lang's masterpiece .<br />The selection of music was oftentimes horrible in the songs themselves , then compounded even more horrifically by no though or care whatsoever in where the songs were placed within scenes .<br /><br />This dvd is a worse sadomasochistic device for the deviant or terrorist to inflict the desire for sweet death by forcing the viewing of this monumental and very very very undeservedly overrated fecal coil of film .<br /><br />Do yourself a tremendous favor and instead of this worthless and unenjoyable version of this film , purchase the 2010 KINO video restoration and thoroughly enjoy the most superior and marvelous version available , because if you purchase this , you may never enjoy a silent film again.... this this is worse than most of the you tube audio-film bite mash-ups you already loathe , and the reviews on this if ever positive are misleading you to believe this will be worth viewing when the positive reviews of the original video release were due to mostly (at the time) there being footage unavailable in other versions .... this has long been negated and voided .... and so should this version .<br /><br />Moroder should be ashamed of this as should KINO for releasing it... get the other version..... it's worth the price which is the same or less than this one and you gat a far far far superior version .
B001NPDCFQ|1.0|So what is WB's excuse this time.  One more horrible transfer of a classic film to bluray.  WB should be put out of the bluray business.  The grain once again is as big as pea soup.  On large screen tv this film is not viewable on bluray.  Do not waste your money and buy the DVD.
1609981111|5.0|Infinitely better than that two-bit hack, Dickens.  Collins left out just one important detail---the inscription on Frederick Fairlie's tombstone: \\"I told you I was sick!\\"<br /><br />Ian Holm's narration is excellent...he really sets the mood and brings the story to life, helping create much suspense.  Four and a half stars.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|very easy to get addict, be careful!! I cant imagine live without it! the only thing I didn't get is the Ocr feature that works some.times...
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|Soul Surfer is the true story starring AnnaSofia Robb as Bethany Hamilton a teen surfing star in Hawaii who looses her left arm to a shark attack. In the hospital, she asks her dad, played by Dennis Quaid, if she'll ever surf again. His, answer, \\"You can do all things through Him who strengthens you,\\" quoting Philippians 4:13.  The outstanding supporting casts includes big names like Helen Hunt as her mom; Kevin Sorbo, as her best friend's father who is with her when she gets attacked and his quick thinking is what saved her life; Carrie Underwood, as her youth pastor; and Craig T. Nelson as her doctor.  Bethany Hamilton shows incredible faith and courage as she overcomes one of the worst things that could happen to a person to draw out the passion within her and succeed at the sport she loves the most. Her story is an inspiration for many.  It's showing on Starz right now - you've got to see it. In fact, every church with a youth group should show this movie. The review on TV was only 3 stars, but I give it 5!
B0055SWM08|5.0|It's a great. game to pass the time. Glad I got it. Also the music is extremely relaxing and mellow. I would recommend this game.
B001HN6918|4.0|Positives:   (1.) Notable for the accurate historical Chinese culture inclusion into the milieu of the movie.   (2.) The CGI attention to detail and historical accuracy for the intermediate scenes such as the structures, buildings, everyday living accoutrements e.g. the limestone cliffs of the, presumably, Yangtze River and the breaking of clay roof tiles when Po lands on them.    (3.) The movement, Kung Fu and other action scenes were novel and fresh and entertaining in this movie's interpretation e.g. the Pac-Man dragon in the streets maze.   (4.) Most of the voicing was appropriate but there were times, especially in the beginning, that I thought a couple of professional voicing actors might have been more interesting if not more dramatic.   (5.) Humor, parodies and sarcasms were performed with the right degree of subtlety to entice an older discerning audience e.g. parodies of \\"Star Wars\\" Yoda; \\"Karate Kid\\" 1's, \\"wax on wax off\\" and \\"Red Cliffs\\".  Negatives:   (1.) Background CGI such as clouds, mountains were typical anim non-moving, flat 2-D in detail. The characters even with somewhat good facial and body movement lacked the individual details that would make them seem real enough to hold on to. Especially emotional attachment. Not up to \\"Rango\\" level, but no one else has been there either.  (2.) Storyline was a bit timeworn and seemed borrowed from the plots of many other movies.  The abandoned then adopted youngster who is destined to grow up to seek a true identity and perhaps correct some wrongs upon the evil perpetuator.
B001UV4XIS|3.0|I have loved the Harry Potter series. However, the quality of the previous segments of the story far outweighed the finale. The finale was a let down for me. I was disappointed. The human side of this story with conflict that was not only physical but also psychological would have allowed the viewer to make up their own minds. In other word, a more ambiguous ending would have made more sense. Harry struggle ended too neatly without any loose ends.
B004LWZW4M|2.0|Yes, the motion capture performance special effects are what sells this movie but what doesn't sell it is what's really important.   First, the acting was predictably bland, stereotypic and just plain inaccurate. Franco's performance as a scientist was about as far removed as Hollywood's poorly educated writer's and directors have written on how scientists generally talk, behave and think and on how research is conducted especially with primates. The write-in of the over-th- top attractive female vet love interest was also as Hollywood as it comes. The research center's top exec was portrayed in the same way that Wall Street execs are shown as if they are all rubber stamped out of the same greed mold. The primate rescue center employees behavior towards the animals as well as the cops shoot first portrayals were again just more Hollywood and is getting tiresome in it's predictability.   Second, the storyline that centers on a single drug immediately creating intelligence in both humans and primates was absurd as well as the measuring tool of placing discs on top of each other in the fewest number of tries. It's an old child's game and actually only measures a very small part of intelligence. Also, developing language involves many parts of the brain as well as sound creating neurophysiological capabilities. Finally, the planning and execution of an attack by the various primates was just as absurd.   Summary: I'm not sure why the movie was made since the original series said all that really needed to be said. The best origin for the thinking, planning, talking primates would be to just give evolution some time without the human's messing it up.
0385534639|5.0|At its most basic, \\"The Night Circus\\" is a story about Marco and Celia. These are two young and talented mystics who are drafted into a competition against each other.<br /><br />However describing the book that way is a lot like explaining \\"The Maltese Falcon\\" by saying it's a story about a Private Detective who works in San Francisco.<br /><br />This story has mood and atmosphere and magic. And the circus itself is a magical place that seems so real and so enticing and addictive that I think I'm feeling withdrawal symptoms now that I can no longer go there.<br /><br />The circus only opens at night, thus creating a totally different mood and atmosphere from other traveling circuses. The circus always arrives without warning and nobody ever sees the circus come into town and nobody ever sees the tents being set up. One day the circus isn't there and the next day the circus just magically appears.<br /><br />It's dark and mysterious and odd and it draws you in. There's no need for the circus to advertise. There's a certain sort of magic that makes people eager and ever fanatical to visit the circus. There's an almost primal urge to be there before they open and be one of the first people in. EVERY tent in the circus is a treat! Every tent has something that you will enjoy and talk about for decades to come!<br /><br />The contortionist, the illusionist, the labyrinth, the wishing tree, the ice garden, the fortune teller, the cloud maze . . . all of these are AMAZING and described with such amazing detail and style!<br /><br />Erin Morgenstern is a true story-teller. I can hardly believe this is her first book. And as most writers improve their craft as they write more and more, I certainly hope that Erin writes more books.<br /><br />On page 381, the man in the grey suit says something that I found very relevant.<br /><br />\\"It is important,\\" the man in the grey suit interrupts. \\"Someone needs to tell those tales. When battles are fought and won and lost, when the pirates find their treasures and the dragons eat their foes for breakfast with a nice cup of Lapsang souchong, someone needs to tell their bits with overlapping narrative. There's magic in that. It's in the listener, and for each and every ear it will be different, and it will affect them in ways they can never predict. From the mundane to the profound. You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows what they will become because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift. Your sister may be able to see the future, but you can shape it, boy. Do not forget that.\\"<br /><br />Wow.<br /><br />I couldn't have said it better myself.<br /><br />There is magic in a tale that's told well.<br /><br />I hope that Erin Morgenstern will be telling more tales in the years to come.a nice cup of Lapsang souchong, someone needs to tell their bits with overlapping narrative. There's magic in that. It's in the listener, and for each and every ear it will be different, and it will affect them in ways they can never predict. From the mundane to the profound. You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows what they will become because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift. Your sister may be able to see the future, but you can shape it, boy. Do not forget that.\\"  Wow.  I couldn't have said it better myself.  There is magic in a tale that's told well.  I hope that Erin Morgenstern will be telling more tales in the years to come.
0316078913|2.0|The first story was good...classic Sedaris...several of the others were boring and to me a bit silly and over the top.  Obviously this was written before he got his grove on as a humorist story tell.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|This show rocks! It is so entertaining and so addicting... it'll pull you in and before you know it, you'll be buying all available seasons on Amazon! Then you'll be anticipating the next season. Addicting!
0670022950|1.0|My opinion is that Pinker is more than a bit naive. He obviously lives and works in the USA in a position of privilege and comfort and reflects the American perspective to a great degree. He therefore propounds many wonderful and lovely thoughts that many less well-placed humans on the planet would find hopelessly credulous. My biggest gripe is that the economic foundation of current society receives short shrift. By definition, our capitalist order rips away as much of the productivity of human labor as is possible for profit. To discount the violence to individuals and communities in this context of current affairs is a little bit naive. If you ask a Bahraini, Iraqi, or Congolese scholar about violence, my guess is you'll get a quite different take. Ask a Haitain or Chinese sweatshop worker about the violence of being paid $3-$4 for a 14 hour work day. Ask Indian farmers about the violence of debt slavery that leads to suicide plagues. Ask Filipinos and Cambodians about the decline in sex slavery. Ask a Chilean, Bolivian or Indonesian  economist about having your country's future sold off into debt at outrageously inflated prices for the benefit of dictators and multinational corporations and sent to offshore bank accounts. Just because they don't go in an beat the workers and citizens over the head with clubs on a daily basis doesn't mean it's not violence, and to make generalizations implying otherwise is a blinkered analysis.
B000AGTPUK|5.0|This is an awesome story for Christmas days. The imagination of Chris Van Allsburg is amazing. You've never seen anything like this.
B003MX5P20|4.0|It has been a few years since I was actually interested in any of Enrique's music, but with Euphoria, he actually did a great job.  Catchy rythms, good music, and great collaborations.  8 out of 10.
0395389496|4.0|This is an awesome story for Christmas days. The imagination of Chris Van Allsburg is amazing. You've never seen anything like this.
B003X5UFWW|3.0|This review should only be noted for streaming video.<br /><br />Type: Martial Arts/psuedo-historical biography<br />Streaming quality: 5 stars<br />Dubbing (Chinese to English/Japanese subtitled): 4 stars<br />Action: 5 stars<br />Romance: 3 stars<br />Setting: 5 stars<br />Realism: 3 stars<br />Historical accuracy: 1 star<br />Re-watchability: 2 stars<br /><br />Plot review: Chinese propaganda movie set between 1930-1940 of kung-fu legend Ip Man. Multiple hand to hand combat scenes that incease steadily in violence, escalating to broken limbs and brutal gun shot to the head. If you can get past the bad taste the blatant misinformation provided at the end of the movie leaves, you may enjoy a decent martial arts flick. Personally I won't buy this movie but I didn't feel like I wasted my time watching for free on my Prime account.
B004APVI1G|5.0|I'm not a movie critic so I'm not going to get too much into how I felt about the story... Even though I did enjoy it. It started out slowly but after 20 minutes I was hooked. By the end of it I couldn't believe how much I enjoyed it.  The 3D is phenomenal. Hands down the best release I've seen on 3D blu ray thus far. It's really a beautiful movie, and the 3D just makes it pop. Fantastic pick up if you are into the 3D scene!
B001G8NW6Y|5.0|This books sheds light on our contemporary issue of big government whose spending has drained our economy. I'm glad that there is such an economics textbook that expresses a fresh perspective, Austrian economics.
B003YF9PWC|4.0|I got this movie for $5 at Best Buy. For that price it was a fantastic deal.  As far as the Blu Ray clarity goes, it's the best this film has ever looked, but that doesn't come without a few small complaints. Some scenes looked great, while others didn't fare as well. It's an older movie so that is somewhat to be expected, but for such a timeless classic like Rocky I expected a little more out of the transfer.  Still if you can find this cheap, or you are a huge fan, it's a good pick up!
B0044XV3QY|5.0|This collection of the movie is just great. I love this movie and it's images. Every shot could be a wallpaper. The only thing I wish is that the 3D Blu-Ray version was released. That would have been a great way to spend Christmas 2011. It's been 2 years just about. It's time for 3D!
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|I saw the poster for the Hunger Games movie and found it appealing. So I tried the free sample and I was instantly hooked. I would certainly recommend these books to anyone! Science fiction, thriller, action, political, and war woven into a spine tingling series!!<br />Read it! It is well worth it!!
1577314808|5.0|This book simply shows you how to tune into yourself to experience the essence of divinity and to bring forth the Bhudda that exists within us all.  I highly recommend this book and can honestly say the I am in the middle of my 5th or 6th reading.  I get more from it each time
0060765488|5.0|As a teacher at a Christian school using this book has been wonderful in my Literature classes. Going into the Christian symbolism has been interesting and my students love it. This is a great book to show children there is deeper meaning behind surface story!
B000NYWT9S|5.0|I love this book!  My mother had it and wore it out.  Sorry it took me so long to discover what a jem it is. The recipes are wonderful and not as difficult as I would have thought.
B000CCD0FS|5.0|These re-releases of the Talking Heads have been remixed beautifully - The surround sound is amazing and well worth listening to.  They have taken the place of the originals for regular listening.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|good graphics. plot is good. kept interest. excited to have on kindle. love hidden puzzles. keep it up I would like more.
0783226888|2.0|Other than the opening credit sequence and Carter Burwell's score, there is little to recommend this ill-advised effort. Compared to the spare elegance of Fred Zinnemann's original, this film is yet another instance of Hollywood's addiction to overblown crap. It is small wonder that Zinnemann tried to prevent any reference to his movie by this inferior film.<br /><br />Where to begin? Willis's use of a gigantic gun that is remote controlled rather than a weapon that was concealed within a crutch in the original movie. A wildly miscast Jack Black. The testing of a gun that blows up a van sending a gigantic fireball into the sky; how inconspicuous. Willis buying a yacht to cross the longest undefended border in the world. And since when has the FBI had jurisdiction in Russia?<br /><br />It just goes on and on. Watch the opening credits and then shut off the machine.
B004SDEP38|3.0|it's a great little app, but it doesn't keep up to date with the latest updates that Google's android market releases. so until amazon starts releasing updates for apps to par with those of the Google market, I'll have to go with them...
1439153663|5.0|I am not one to retell the story in my review as so many others do. I must say that this is one of the best books I have ever read. I savored every word and was sad when I finished the book because I wanted the story to continue. Historical fiction at its best.
B001QOOCTE|5.0|Simply wonderful,wonderful upbeat music.    I can't play it enough.......beautiful to hear, wonderful to watch.  Its amazing to me how they filmed and recorded performers from different parts of the world, then joined them together in one song that flows together perfectly.   We are all connected and people should come together in peace    and what better way to do it than through music!  Keep up the music and change will come!  Thank you for such a gift....
B000C3H4MC|5.0|These re-releases of the Talking Heads have been remixed beautifully - The surround sound is amazing and well worth listening to.  They have taken the place of the originals for regular listening.
B0010OMXKA|5.0|My husband had heard this on a PBS fundraiser and has played it for countless people who have come to visit.  Excellent!
B004GYY714|5.0|This app is fabulous! I live in an area where my favorite stations do not come in very strong, sometimes not at all. This app (on my Kindle Fire) brings in stations around the world, other states... clear as a bell. I am amazed and grateful this is available! Thanks Amazon!!
1932100660|5.0|Read this book 1 year ago and it still sticks. I was very excited to see the documentary \\"Forks Over Knives\\" come out so that I can recommend this to my \\"non-reading\\" friends!  For those who are still skeptical after reading this, the works of the following individuals might help:    Dr McDougall of Northern CA.  Dr Lederman of Exalus Health in LA.  Dr Caldwell Esselstyn from Cleveland Clinic.  As a RN I can assure you that culturally we lead a very unhealthy lifestyle. With all the advances in technology one would think that we would be healthier then ever, however the opposite is indeed true. With our healthcare financial deficits, I hope to see people grasping change and becoming accountable for their health and this book gives a lot of great knowledge of why to do so!
B003TJ4YUQ|5.0|Simply wonderful,wonderful upbeat music.    I can't play it enough, I have the PFC original plus this one.......beautiful to hear, wonderful to watch.  Its amazing to me how they filmed and recorded performers from different parts of the world, then joined them together in one song that flows together perfectly.  It ends with John Lennons Imagine.....so moving!  Its also moving to see Bob Marley and his son singing together.  I simply love the druming on one song and seeing the different instruments.  Keep up the music and change will come!  Thank you PFC for such a gift....
1608100197|3.0|I like this book, and it has good message.  What I don't like is the \\"Free DVD\\", well, it is free and I shouldn't expect too much, but a DVD with only 1 minutes and 28 seconds video clip is just misleading for spending extra $ for it.  I can just go for a book and save me a couple dollars.  People can also view the same video clip online anyway.
B004S699HC|5.0|Got this as a gift for my brother. i know he is going to love both movies. I wanted him to have the set
B004SBQGHS|5.0|this app gave me hora of enjoyment and fun. i reccomend this to everyone and all ages. please think about buying this item and Gavin some fun.
B0063IH60K|5.0|passes the time, no network required and fun for kids who are just learning to play, as well as adults!
0740797719|5.0|My intention when I started this book was to take each concept and practice before I went to the next one to ensure I actually absorbed the material because I have a habit of lazily reading through instructional materials but never implementing what I learned. But, this book was so well written and such a pleasure to view that i couldn't help myself but to read it straight through and then start over again later to apply the ideas. This is now one of my favorite art books and definitely my favorite on light. I am now a devout Gurneyjourney follower and can't wait to see what wonderful things he creates in the future. I highly recommend this book for anyone interested in understanding how to better command light and color in their artwork.
014312093X|3.0|If you love, just looooove the fast-paced, sexually charged, sleekness and high adventures of James Bond and you hope \\"Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy\\" will be more of the same, you, my friend, are about to enter a world of boredom bordering on pain. Mr. Le Carre's famous classic is a mystery and character study all rolled into one. The people who inhabit the author's world seem very real. However, it would be overly generous to say there is action aplenty in this thing. Mostly it's about men musing over who may be a high-placed mole in their British agency and also dwelling on the choices they made in their lives. The author's book is not an easy read and I highly recommend you consume large chunks of it at one time. It takes a little getting used to having paragraphs suddenly jump from one time to another or random thoughts interrupting a sequence. Also, the characters have multiple aliases which I found challenging to keep track of. The story oozes paranoia, political interoffice machinations, and the threat of violence. Many professional book reviewers may believe Mr. Le Carre can do no wrong, but his spy novels are certainly not in the same vein of Agatha Christie's tightly-written works or the numerous popular espionage thrillers on bookstands penned by such people as David Baldacci or James Patterson. This is not edge-of-your-seat fiction. It took quite awhile to warm up to the story, but I'm glad I stuck with it.
B005LJITS0|5.0|es una muy buena pelicula  de super heroes!! me gusta la actuacion de Ryan Reynolds, una segunda parte  no estaria nada mal, muy buenos efectos, ademas Ryan Reynolds esta guapisimo  vale la pena verla!!
B003VANOFY|5.0|I was looking for a set of wireless headphones that could replace my wired headphones.  I needed something that would let me hear the true beauty in my in-game music, something that would accentuate the mid, high, and bass tones that make games so dramatic.  I bought these headphones at Fry's electronics for about $120, based on some reviews that I read on various sites, including Amazon.<br /><br />Unfortunately, when I got them home, unwrapped them, and tried them out, there was an extremely annoying crackling sound coming out of the left ear piece.  I searched all over the internet for a solution.  I finally decided to check the logitech site for answers.  It turns out that they had updated software available.  I downloaded and installed the software and now the headphones sound AWESOME!  The crackle is gone.  The software includes voice changing software, and equalizer, and the ability to map the G buttons to custom functions.<br /><br />I would definitely recommend these headphones to anyone looking for high quality sound from wireless headphones!
B004MNO0BQ|5.0|Very well made and runs great on HTC EVO 3D. Makes me wish I had a bigger screen... but is still very playable on the phone, even with 2 players. And there are not that many 2 player action games out there. Kids are always stealing my phone to have air hockey tournaments! Definitely a keeper. Visually appealing with lots of options in the paid version. Well worth the 99 cent upgrade to Pro.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|this is a good ass show.... however there are so far 7 seasons... and this by far my favorite season so far... i love dean he is sooo hot!!! but this is the best season along with the first and 5th season
B00000G3PL|1.0|love the movies, but really don't need the  closed captioning that I can't remove no matter what I, or any other computer nerd I know, do....  won't order from that vendor ever again.
B001UJSW7S|4.0|Korngold's 1922 German opera  Die Tote Stadt (The Dead City)  This German opera contains beautiful vocal music intermingled with orchestral bombast and dissonance. Acts I and II are on Disc One and Act III is on Disc Two  The beautiful soprano/tenor arias are on bands 1 and seven of Disc I. Fritz's highly acclaimed baritone aria: \\"Mein sehnen, Mein Wahnen\\" appears early in Act III.  This aria is found on page 54 of the libretto which was included in the set. The aria ends with a bravo by Marietta, the soprano. The English translation in the libretto strayed too far from the text. I retyped the Korngold German font for easy reading and line by line put in a subjacent literal translation of the text in a different color and smaller size. It helped greatly in my appreciation of the aria. Thomas R. Duncan
0896762173|5.0|There are hundreds of costumes, with a wide assortment from every time period. They are ALL beautifully rendered with accessories, umbrellas, belts, purses, dress clips, shoes, capes, cloaks, etc. and each article of clothing or accessory comes with an explanation of materials used and how it was employed. she even gives detailed drawings of the insides of these garments and drawings of old pictures with garments in use, which includes hair styles, etc. This book, however, is more for an advanced seamstress who has the skills to make their own patterns because none are offered here. This is the most wonderful book on my collection and is well worn with notes and bookmarks already. This book focuses on women's clothing almost exclusively, but that allows it to be thorough. I can't give this book enough credit. Every costumer of this time period should have a copy!
B004GCPJDQ|4.0|[Note: I'm re-posting this to help others that are having some issues getting this to work]<br /><br />\\"Setting the record straight for those that has had bad experiences\\"<br /><br /> Written by SG from CALGARY<br /> Dec 9, 2011<br /><br />Some past reviews complained of:<br />1. Charger not working properly<br />2. Battery remaining indicator doesn't report properly in OSX<br />3. Battery fit and finish is awful and inconsistent<br />4. Charger base dies an early life<br />5. Battery falls out<br />6. Mouse bluetooth connectivity randomly fails<br /><br />Of these 6 major complains I can say this:<br />1. Charger MUST not be placed on the aluminum base of the iMac or a metallic surface. The system works by using inductive charging. Metallic surfaces will completely render the charger useless. Place it on a wood desk and it will charge the battery fine.<br />2. Normal alkaline/lithium AA batteries operate at 1.5 volts/battery. NiMH and Ni-Cad rechargeables are designed to work at 1.2 volts / battery. This 0.3 volts difference in the cells explains why the battery % indicator in OSX doesn't report 100% charge b/c of this voltage difference. Apple SHOULD allow users of OSX to select the type of battery that is installed in their input devices so that the battery % indicator is more representative of what is the actual life instead of basing on the assumption that battery cell voltage is always 1.5 volts / battery when in a 100% state.<br />3. Battery fit and finish in fact is excellent on the unit I purchased. The key is to pay close attention to the install. Place the upper portion of the battery into the mouse first and tip the battery into the mouse and engage the locking tab. Press firmly down on the battery further until you can manually move the locking tab into the fully engaged position. Once locked the slight outward pressure of the battery pack will keep it locked in place. I've banged my mouse around deliberately on my desk to make the battery pack disengage and fall out. So far so good.<br />4. Can't comment on the charger's life expectancy but it does carry a 1 year warranty through Mobee Technologies and if you purchase it on a credit card then your warranty is doubled to 2 years anyways.<br />5. Please refer to point 3 and FULLY engage the lock tab on the bottom of the mouse. Don't just press fit it in, press firmly and LOCK the tab in place so it fully catches the edge of the lock tab cutout.<br />6. Can't say that in the few days I've used the mouse that I've lost connectivity. Some reports have said that the connectivity loss is a direct result of the battery falling out. If point 3 is followed then there should be no reason why the mouse would stop communicating with your computer.<br /><br />Overall after paying very close attention to the fine details of the charger and battery pack I give it a 4 star rating. Pay particular attention as to how the battery should be installed (tuck upper portion of the battery into mouse FIRST and then firmly lock the tab on the bottom. Last but not least don't place the charger on ANY metal surfaces (esp the foot of the iMac base).<br /><br />Recommendations to improve this product:<br />1. Include detailed install instructions so that others can't inadvertently try to drop the battery pack into the mouse without first tucking in the upper edge. Common sense isn't so common for some users.<br />2. Not related to product - Apple OSX needs to revise their battery reporting schema to allow users to tell OSX what type of batteries their using.<br />3. Price - This unit isn't cheap. Consider that you can buy the equivalent eneloop batteries for HALF the cost to accomplish the same result is a tough sell for some.<br />4. HAVE a CLEARLY VISIBLE warning to product users to NOT place the charger on metallic surfaces. It simply doesn't work when sitting on metal or the base of the iMac.<br />5. Include a passthrough USB cable so that it can still be plugged into a computer BUT allowanother USB device cable to be plugged into it.<br />6. Speed up charging times to about 1 hour vs. 6.
0385344325|5.0|As always, Child writes a book I couldnt put down. And, after all this time, we finally learn why Reacher left the Army. You have to wonder why it took Child so long to write this book. RM
B00004T9UF|5.0|My grandson loves this CD as does my son.  The CD came without scratches and has awesome sound and songs.
B0011Z0ZZS|5.0|I've been into crooners lately, and Mr. Buble is one of the best around right now.  Heck, he's pretty good and holds his own with the all time greats, as well.<br /><br />This album is simply great to listen to.  The songs are put together well, and there's no doubting the talent behind the singing.<br /><br />Overall, the album is a winner.
1594744769|3.0|This book was a good book that could have been a great book, if it wasnt for two glaring points:  1) Contrary to many of the reviewers here, I didnt really like the protagonist (Jacob) until the end of the book. He seems whiney, spoiled and self-centered for the first half of the book. He seemed fairly immature for his age in the book (16). I dont remember many males from my teenage years being that emotionally fragile. I understand if the author was creating some character development and faults over the course of the novel, but geez, give me some reason to care about the kid for the first 100-150 pages or so.   2) I really like the story, but I wish the author would have gotten around to telling it sooner. The book seems starkly divided into two sections; the first half is setting up the story and the second half is the story itself. If Riggs spent as much time on the \\"meat\\" of the story as he did setting it up, I would have enjoyed the book much more. You can tell its his first novel because of that.   That being said, if he ever writes a sequel to it I will probably read it. The end of the book leaves you wanting to know more, what happens next. By that point, he had actually gotten around to telling a story, and it is a pretty good one. Its imaginative, its intriguing, and I really like the use of pictures scattered throughout the book. The children are fascinating characters, and I would love to get to know them better. I want to know what happens next... and since he will already have gotten the first novel under his belt, I expect the flow and writing to be much better.
B003UYUQZW|5.0|This is an outstanding action/adventure movie!  This movie is filled with exciting action scenes, within a very intricate, complex, and suspenseful story.  It's rare to find a movie these days with such a well-constructed story.  I'm impressed with the balance between plot development and relationship development.  The movie is also really satisfying in that the villain is so formidable.  Many stories' villains have evident weaknesses, even comical elements, but Prince of Persia's is really severe.  It also succeeds at originality, avoiding cliches and imitations of other adventure stories.  And it has enjoyable, clever banter between Prince Dastan (the main character) and Princess Tamina.  The violence depicted is not graphic or gratuitous, which I appreciate.  It is the suddenness and unexpectedness of the violence, rather than gore, which give it its power.  I only have one criticism for this movie, which is that the action sequences are edited with so many super-fast changes of shots/angles that the sequences can be hard to follow.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I like how it displays in your status bar and doesn't have to take up space as a widget on your desktop. accurate and reliable!
B004EPYZQ2|4.0|First of all - right up front the BLU-RAY transfer of this film is outstanding.  One of the most beautifully rendered of any I have ever seen.  I would say that this film is the best of the summer blockbuster films of 2011 in a field that was largely filled with really bad comic book films.  I happen to be exactly the same age as these characters - and the sets, props, music and ambience was perfectly set to the 1970s.  It was truly an amazing trip back to my childhood.  The story was very interesting - but had the usual Spielberg ending - that did not seem to match the rest of the plot.  Overall though, my family liked it very much.
B000BTJDG2|5.0|In an age when most \\"horror\\" films belong in the comedy section, I can think of only a couple films in the last five years that seriously horrified me. \\"The Exorcism of Emily Rose\\" is one of them.<br /><br />THE PLOT: The movie is based on the actual story of a German girl who died while being exorcised in the late 1970s. The priest was then put on trial for neglectful homicide. Google it for details.<br /><br />Erin Bruner (Laura Linney) plays an agnostic who defends the priest (Tom Wilkinson), the prosecutor (Campbell Scott) is a believer. This creates some problems: How can an unbeliever defend a believer who performs a service that apparently kills the young woman? How can a believer come against another believer who was simply trying to deliver the girl from spiritual malevolence?<br /><br />The prosecutor makes the case that the woman was ill with various mental disorders and that the exorcism was just a bunch of superstitious mumbo jumbo. By contrast, Erin Bruner argues that these illnesses were the RESULT OF possession -- that the girl's possession brought on the symptoms. This makes sense in light of the scriptural evidence of Jesus Christ delivering people from evil spirits who induced insanity, muteness and deafness.<br /><br />Another important argument of the defense is that a potent drug that Emily was prescribed trapped her in a mode that was resistant to the exorcism.<br /><br />The fascinating story provokes many questions. We need to take an honest look at our mental health practices and institutions. Although there are some genuinely good people working in this field who care about the patients, it seems that the best we can do is drug people and make them, more or less, numbed-up living zombies or even mindless vegetables. Unfortunately this is how they're damned to live the rest of their lives, subservient and dependent on the mental health establishment (that actually needs them to stay ill in order to exist).<br /><br />Such people don't need more drugs and \\"therapy.\\" What they need is delivered. They need delivered from evil spiritual powers that have possessed them. They need FREED. Don't mistake me here, I'm not against mental health people or facilities because I realize they're just doing what they know to do. It's just not working. Again, the mentally ill need delivered not force-fed more drugs and essentially locked-up for the rest of their lives. That's not life, it's living death!<br /><br />Of course, releasing a horde of religious wackos into our mental institutions isn't the answer. Yet, what if some believers who walked in the boldness and authority of Jesus Christ were available, people who show documented evidence of DELIVERING the mentally ill? The New Testament relays case after case of Jesus Christ exorcizing demons from hundreds of people, maybe thousands. He didn't numb `em up and sentence them to a life of living death. Rather he came to set the prisoners free from darkness, heal the sick and heal the brokenhearted! If there are people out there who walk in this same anointing of power and freedom, shouldn't we allow them to minister to our mentally ill?<br /><br />Unfortunately a large percentage of the church is very weak in regards to spiritual deliverance. Except for offering eternal salvation, their gospel is powerless and next to worthless. Yet this wasn't the way of the early church. Paul, Peter and others offered total deliverance. Thankfully, there are still a remnant of these types of believers and these are the ones who can help our mentally ill, as long as the oppressed WANT freedom, healing and deliverance (some WANT to stay dependent and \\"cared for\\").<br /><br />I'm only raising such moral/theological/philisophical questions because the film provokes it, so please don't be irked at me for getting all heavy and theological.<br /><br />Despite the numerous courtroom scenes there's certainly enough horrifying elements in \\"The Exorcism of Emily Rose\\" to please most horror fans, just don't expect Freddy or Jason shenanigans. Like my title blurb points out, this film will literally scare the hell out of you.<br /><br />Interestingly, while it's horrifying \\"The Exorcism of Emily Rose\\" is also somehow warm and faith-affirming, even sometimes beautiful.<br /><br />My only criticism is a theological theory introduced late in the film. This theory is incredible wrong. I won't elaborate except to say that God would never allow the option of Emily's possession as a supposed testimony to the world of the existence of dark spiritual powers, rather His purpose is always to deliver such people, which not only testifies to the existence of the malevolent powers but, more importantly, sets the person FREE and gives glory to God.<br /><br />GRADE: Aans, just don't expect Freddy or Jason shenanigans. Like my title blurb points out, this film will literally scare the hell out of you.<br /><br />Interestingly, while it's horrifying \\"The Exorcism of Emily Rose\\" is also somehow warm and faith-affirming, even sometimes beautiful.<br /><br />My only criticism is a theological theory introduced late in the film. This theory is incredible wrong. I won't elaborate except to say that God would never allow the option of Emily's possession as a supposed testimony to the world of the existence of dark spiritual powers, rather His purpose is always to deliver such people, which not only testifies to the existence of the malevolent powers but, more importantly, sets the person FREE and gives glory to God.<br /><br />GRADE: A
B00479SVBU|5.0|I purchased this transmitter a few months ago and have been totally pleased with it.  I was so happy and relieved to hear crisp sharp sound coming from my speakers.  And during my drive little interference experienced.  It is such a great product and highly recommend.  I have purchased so much junk transmitters in the past, and finally one worthy to buy, have and used.  Makes a nice gift too.
B0063IH60K|5.0|A good solid game. No glitches, works how it should. And the ads aren't in the way. I like the draw options.
1439102724|1.0|I don't know where to start. I have read and enjoyed at least four other Jodi Picoult novels. This one felt like it was hastily thrown together. Nothing about the characters felt believable to me. And there were gaping story lines that hung open at the end- Max's drinking problem, his brother, the suicidal teenager- oh well. The author didn't bother to spend more than a single page visiting with the characters after resolving the central crisis. Truth be told, the book was SO bad, I didn't really care what happened to them anyhow, because they never felt real to begin with. Just imagine the worst movie you have ever seen on the lifetime channel and this novel is worse than that.
B0031QVW2U|5.0|I've been using the Black Rapid system for six months and find it to be very utilitarian.  It certainly helps better distribute the weight of camera and lens when walking about in search of photographic opportunities.  While the BRAD is pricey, I find it necessary to \\"complete\\" the system.  Using the BRAD helps keep the shoulder strap in place when sliding the camera up into position to take a photo.  I would recommend this strap to anyone using the Black Rapid system.
B001N1DPDE|4.0|This heavy duty, 1/4\\" thick 1095 carbon steel, full-tang knife has a sabre ground, drop point, 5-1/4\\" blade and comes with a plastic sheath. The standard grivory grips on this knife and other Ka-Bar Beckers, however, are a very bad design choice. They've got a nice shape, look good, and fit the hand well, but are useless as practical grips. They are slick and problematic for knife control even when dry, and when wet render the knife dangerously difficult to control. Frankly, grivory is crap. The green canvas micarta replacement grips that are available from Ka-Bar should come as standard.   If you've already bought a Becker knife and discovered the grivory grips are worthless, you may be disappointed at the apparent need to upgrade to the micarta grips. I've found a far less expensive solution: [[ASIN:B0002YFS3S 3M Vetrap Bandaging Tape]]. It stretches like an Ace bandage to wrap around the handle of the knife and adheres to itself without glue, so your grips won't be gummy if you remove it or wear it out. If removed it can be reused at least once more if dry. Vetrap doesn't lose its self-adhesion when wet and already wrapped, nor afterwards when it's been wrapped, gotten wet and dried. It creates a useful amount of friction so you can control the Becker knives even when they're wet. You could wrap over Vetrap with another kind of tape if you'd like, and you wouldn't have the gummy residue of the over-tape on the underlying grips. I've wrapped my BK-2 in Vetrap, overwrapped that with [[ASIN:B000CSS8UE Gorilla Tape]] (another recommended product), and then overwrapped that again with Vetrap. The knife now fills my hand even better and it stays under control. 3M Vetrap is a good product to know about. It's available in various colors. Even if you don't like it on your knife, you will see the value of it in your medical kit.  The BK-2 is very similar to the sabre ground drop point ESEE-5 by ESEE Knives, and even with the additional cost of the micarta grips for the BK-2, the Becker knife is two-thirds the cost of this particular ESEE knife. Using Vetrap and Gorilla tape in place of micarta puts the BK-2 at less than half the cost of the ESEE-5.  Becker's other knives, such as the BK-7 and BK-9 have similar but fairly inexact counterparts in other ESEE knives, as well as in the RAT and RTAK knives made by Ontario Knife Company that are derived from the same design as the ESEE knives. The Becker knives differ from the ESEE and the Ontario knives in blade geometry, blade grind, and blade length. That's quite a difference, but they seem to me to be of a type, and I think of them as having counterparts within that type.  In fact, the Becker BK-9, with its 9\\" blade doesn't share blade length with any ESEE knife or any Ontario RAT or RTAK knife. The closest you can get is an ESEE Junglas with its 10-3/8\\" blade length or the Ontario RTAK-II with its 10\\" blade. The BK-7 has a 7\\" blade. The ESEE-6 has a 6-1/2\\" blade, as does the Ontario RAT-7. The Ontario RAT-5 is the closest Ontario Knife counterpart to the BK-2 and ESEE-5 but it is flat ground like the other RAT and RTAK knives and its maximum blade thickness is .187 not .25 inches.   The blade geometries of the BK-7 and BK-9 are not drop point like the ESEE and Ontario RAT and RTAK knives. The grind of the blades also differs between these two Becker knives, which like the BK-2 are sabre ground, and ESEE or Ontario knives, which, aside from the ESEE-5, are flat ground. Ka-Bar says in its current catalog that these knives are flat ground but according to the terminology of ESEE Knives, they are sabre ground.   Aside from the ESEE-5 and RAT-5, which differ in grind and blade thickness, the ESEE knives and the Ontario RAT and RTAK knives share the same design. Both Ontario Knife Company and ESEE Knives refer to \\"Randall's Adventure Training\\" but only the ESEE knives are in fact closely associated with Randall's Adventure and Training School of Survival. The Becker knives were independentlydesigned by Ethan Becker and orginally made by Camillus Knives.   The Ontario and ESEE knives mentioned here all come standard with micarta grips. Only with the Becker knives do you need to purchase the micarta grips separately. Although the cost of the BK-2 even with the additional cost of the micarta grips remains below the ESEE-5, this is not so much the case with the BK-7 and BK-9 compared to their inexact counterparts by ESEE or Ontario. Although the BK-2 comes with a plastic sheath, the BK-7 and BK-9 come with a nylon sheath. The Ontario RAT and RTAK knives come with nylon sheaths, also. The ESEE knives come with kydex sheaths. All of these knives are made in the USA.   Of these knives, I currently own only the BK-2 and have no experience with the others. My knife is an earlier Ka-Bar offering and came with an ambidextrous kydex sheath. The knife will fit in the sheath spine left or spine right. The current BK-2, according to the printed 2011 Ka-Bar catalog, comes with a plastic sheath (their terminology: so apparently it's not kydex) that is not ambidextrous. The knife fits in the sheath in only one way and is designed for right-handed draw. The BK-2 now has a flat pommel instead my knife's pointed pommel that follows the geometry of the grips. I said the sheaths for the BK-7 and BK-9 were nylon, but Ka-Bar calls them heavy-duty polyester. They appear in the catalog to be ambidextrous for these two knives.  I intend my next knives of this type to be the ESEE-6 and the ESEE Junglas. ESEE knives come with well-designed kydex sheaths and the knives themselves carry a no questions asked, lifetime, transferrable warranty, \\"no matter how many times it's been traded, sold, or given away.\\" As in probably any such lifetime warranty, ESEE does \\"not guarantee against rust or normal wear and tear.\\" If it breaks, though, they will replace it. Warranties by Ka-Bar and Ontario cannot compete. In fact, the printed Ka-Bar 2011 catalog doesn't even mention a warranty. The Becker inexact counterparts to the ESEE-6 and the ESEE Junglas are the BK-7 and BK-9. Ontario counterparts are the RAT-7 and the RTAK-II.   If you've got a Becker, try Vetrap before getting the replacement micarta grips. You might find it good enough for now or for even longer, and the money you save puts you that much closer to another knife.
B001E90A38|3.0|cheesy romance novel version of the Camelot tale. a bit sluggish at times and a number of eye roll moments. overall, meh.
B005OCFHHK|4.0|i have no problem with the blu-ray that i purchased from amazon.com but the only problem was i received the package late. i received the package in 2 weeks time instead of the 5-8 days. i pre-ordered this product so i could have it on time and watch the final episode again but it failed to arrive in time.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|This movie was one of the best ones I have ever watched. When it came out, I didn't want to watch this movie. Because I went to the movie theater late, I just decided to watch this movie. This movie talks about how segregation was strong back before when African Americans were not regarded as equals. Being safe for most African Americans was not an option. For example, one of the workers got fired for using the owner's toilet. She found another owner to work for. Later on, she came back to give her one of the owner's favorite pies. When she finished eating, she told her that there was her own poop in there. The owner ran off.   In the end, a girl named Skeeter writes a book with the help of the African Americans. They all give her their stories about how Whites were so resentful towards them. Watch the movie and see what happens!
B002G1YPH0|2.0|2.5 stars.  For $20, I wasn't expecting anything spectacular out of this product.   I was hoping for better cooling and lower noise levels than the Intel retail cooler. I do get a very reasonable reduction in CPU temperatures on an i7 compared to the stock heat sink. Unfortunately in my case, the fan that ships with this product developed a bad bearing after only three weeks in operation, causing a disagreeable increase in overall noise level from that computer. I've since replaced the fan with a Noctua, but I'd like to think that any random 120mm fan I happened upon could manage to operate 20 days before it started to fail. If I bought another one of these I doubt I'd even install the included fan.
1452896283|2.0|Plot Kernel: Dorian Gray has his image painted by a man who reveres him beyond measure. During his portraiture, Gray meets Lord Henry Wotton, who preaches self-indulgence and the high social value, yet lamentable ephemerality, of youth. Influenced by Lord Henry, Gray becomes cold-hearted and self-centered. Gray soon discovers that his descent into moral dissolution is being represented by changes in his portrait. Over the years, Gray seems never to age, while his image in the portrait ages in his place and also continues to show the ongoing moral dissolution within Gray's character. In the end, he cannot bear to be what he has become.<br /><br />Comment: This novel struck me as glib. It is the novel of an intellectual fop.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|Great series. A must have if you want to take your mind off of the negativity in life<br />If you're homophobic this is a great way to face your fears. Cameron and Mitchell steal the show!
B005KJZDXK|3.0|There's no escaping the smarmy Bushwickian winks at every turn, here.   Not-bad arrangements and words, retro-ironic cover, the whole shmear...  The only problem is, there's no soul, no depth... it's all sexless flatscreen gloss, much like Ms. Daschenel and the culture that adores her.  If you love Flight of the Conchords (and if you're taking the time to read this, you probably do), grab this and blog your review with giggling delight.  If you want your irony with more ballz, more heart, more sex, HIPPER arrangements, then grab ANY of Dean Martin's Christmas offerings. Vive la Difference!!!!
B0063IH60K|4.0|A nice relaxing solitaire game...some ads, but not too annoying.  It could use a few more games or some sound, bot it's still fun.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|I was hesitant about this book. I didn't think [[ASIN:B003O86FMW Catching Fire]] was as good as [[ASIN:B002MQYOFW The Hunger Games]], so I was worried that this book would be an even bigger disappointment. It wasn't. Mockingjay is a moving end to the trilogy--one in which the author perfectly achieves her goal of showing the effect of war on children (\\"Because something is significantly wrong with a creature that sacrifices its children's lives to settle its differences.\\") From showing that District 13 is little different from the Capitol, to showing the horror of what Snow did to Peeta, to Katniss's grief over the deaths she feels responsible for, the author vividly demonstrates that it benefits no one to live in a world where such things happen. Overall, I found this trilogy to be an amazing achievement--and thoroughly expect Hollywood to louse the movie up completely.
1468014269|5.0|It's hard to give such a book a ranking. When considering what it led to it doesn't deserve any stars; but to understand Hitler and the Nazis it's invaluable. The only other book of similar importance is [[ASIN:1467987581 The Myth of the 20th Century]] by Alfred Rosenberg who had a huge influence on Hitler's thinking.  Yes, Mein Kampf can seem disorganized and rambling at times, but that is often the case because a modern reader is not familiar with the society Hitler lived in and what kind of impression events made on him at the time.  For anyone with more than a passing interest in Hitler, National-Socialism and the Third Reich, this is a very important book that shouldn't be missed.
1451627289|5.0|I'm new to this, and many others have given synopses and point by point comments.  I only know this... I have been reading Stephen King since Salem's Lot was published. To me, this book has the same quality as his earlier novels, and is easily one of his best.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|Very Happy, it came quickly was NEW just like I had ordered it. The movie was great when we watched it in theater. We have all the movies now. Last 2 in Blu-ray I want to get all in Blu-ray..Someday!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is really good for times when you are stuck waiting. Has ads but they can be dealt with quickly. Easy to read cards even on my tiny moto defy. This was a free app from amazon, I love it!
B005H0IW76|5.0|It will be a classic! I love it, I just added it to my collection of christmas cd's. Michael really knows how to sing those christmas songs.
B00005JKNC|4.0|The product arrived from the seller quickly and in visibly good shape.  Unfortunately, the first time I watched it, part of the movie froze-up and would not play.  I saw most of the movie (including the beginning and the end).
0439023513|3.0|I found Mockingjay too scattered, lacking the kind of focus that made me give THG 5 stars. Neither did it have as much action as the first two books. However, the reader will find enough interesting material to make Mockingjay worth reading. For one thing, it provides the denouement for the series. For another, the reader follows Katniss' inner search for who she is and who she loves. Mockingjay also offers a few surprises, such as Peeta's condition (won't say more) and Katniss' execution of.... Read the book. I received a complimentary copy of the book in exchange for an honest review.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|I bought this during a sale and what can i say its 300 the movie is awesome if you have not seen it you should.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Best free app I've found. I'm able to track the weather in the different cities &amp; countries that I travel to, and can plan accordingly with the 10-day forecast. Great app.
1609611543|5.0|My endocrinologist told me I needed to go gluten free because of my Hashimoto's Thyroiditis.  I have been suffering from fatigue, weight gain despite eating \\"healthy\\" and exercising, sore joints and most recently significant hair loss.  Fortunately I am a woman with an abundance of hair, but it was started to get scary which prompted the Doctor appointment.  She didn't give me any reasoning or any direction for becoming gluten-free, but she did mention that I should see or feel a result in probably a month, so I thought that seemed a reasonable thing to try.  I went straight to the book store and \\"Wheat Belly\\" was the first book I found that referenced gluten-free.  I read all of it the first night.  The author is entertaining, and makes something as dry and boring as the history of wheat actually entertaining as well as mind-boggling.  You will be shocked many times while reading this book....and then you will feel really hopeful that you can actually have significant change in your life.  Gluten free is so much more about switching foods around vs. denying yourself food.  I have been doing it for a week and a half and I feel amazing.  I lost five pounds without ever being hungry.  My mind is clearer than it has been since I was in my early 30's.  I have energy that I haven't felt in two decades.  I come home from a long day and want to clean out a cupboard instead of crashing on the couch with whatever is easy for dinner.  I don't even know what happened on \\"The X Factor\\" this week and I don't care!  Ha!  I've been busy doing other things that are productive and making me feel in control of my life again.  It is truly a miracle, and doesn't involve any drugs, loads of exercise or starvation.  I've recommended this book and eating plan to many friends and family members, and they have all started eating gluten free as well.  My best friend with MS called me a few days ago crying because she hasn't felt this good in years!  My grandson, who is only 18 months old andweighs 21 pounds has been gaining weight, feeling happy and actually had a 3 hour nap yesterday and woke up happy instead of his regular 30 minute nap followed by screaming.  This appears to be life changing, and I'm so happy to have stumbled on it.  I recommend it to anyone who doesn't feel like they have perfect health. Good luck!
B0064TVQ5E|1.0|Keeps crashing and closing in the middle of games on Kindle Fire. Hopefully they will fix that glitches, but until then it is useless.
0763644765|5.0|We potty trained our daughter at just under two. This was her second favorite book. She gets all excited when the story climaxes with \\"tinkle tinkle toot\\". Its adorable. Her favorite book is \\"Everyone poops\\" by Taro Gomi. We bought several potty training books and these were her favorites. Simple concepts and simple illustrations for simple minds.<br /><br />Older kids 3+ might enjoy \\"Potty Animals\\" and \\"Time to Pee\\".
B004SDEP38|5.0|I got this because it was free app. I have not use it very often but seems to work good. Seems to be more useful for a tablet rather than a phone.
B004ODLUGM|5.0|My Grandson loved this book and learnt it off by heartand told his class it all beautifully,so i have now bought it for my great nephew who im sure will loveit too .
B002RSDW80|5.0|What's not to love?  Julia Childs was wonderful.  Meryl Streep playing Julia Childs is wonderful.  And Julia Childs was much braver than her quirky t.v. shows revealed during difficult historical times.  And what a delight to see Stanley Tucci in a more in-depth role than usual.  If you're a foodie, this is a must see.  I want to see it over and over.
B0000931QA|4.0|Operation Mind Crime demonstrated the beginning of Queensryches finest hour.  Queensryche paved the way for modern Prog Metal bands like Dream Theater.  While Seattle was bustling with a bunch of Nirvana clones in the early 90s, Queensryche was breaking the mold by going an entirely different and more musical and thoughtful direction.  I love this album second only to Queensryches \\"Empire\\"
B004WCTLNY|4.0|There are movies that are great because of the talent that it took to make them, however, the stories are weak thematically. \\"There Will Be Blood\\" is a well made movie with a powerful performance by the lead actor, however, when the movie ends, it's a let down. \\"There Will Be Blood\\" lacked thematic originality. Then there are movies that are not overly innovative from a production standpoint, however, are powerful thematically. \\"The Adjustment Bureau\\" is this kind of movie. The journey of the main characters was interesting, but, whenever the narrative lines converge at the end with a chase scene - we've seen this format many times. It's this movie's theme where its real beauty is revealed. Having the courage and the determination to set your own course in life despite society's rules is this movie's true allegorical meaning. Social psychologists call them introjects. And they are instilled in us from the day we are born. By our parents first, our communities, our government. Introjects are so powerful that we don't realize, at times, we are being controlled by them. When a student, whose love is art, decides to major in business because our society dictates business is more practical and socially acceptable, this is an introject. The Adjustment Bureau represents everything citizens do because of our societal memberships that go against our truest self. This is this movie's message. And a powerful message it is. Despite the movie's powerful theme, this movie grossed less than 70 million domestically. Perhaps the story's plot did not raise the stakes quite high enough. To give up the presidency of the US at a time of tremendous national economic flux does not seem like a difficult choice to make. Citizens have not been terribly happy with the current president of the US or his predecessor. In this day and time, citizens would easily chose love over a perceived failure of national leadership. Perhaps this is the reason the movie didn't fair well at the box office. Thedecision to chose love over politics made by the main character (Matt Damon) is not a difficult one to make in this day and time. Despite this inconsistency, there is still something extremely alluring and genuine about this movie that transcends its narrative flaws. It's a message of hope and optimism against all odds that is this movie's promise. This message of hope, optimism and confidence is surely not coming from Washington DC. If what I've written here sounds too esoteric, please read the book \\"Why We Do What We Do: Understanding Self Motivation,\\" by Edward L. Deci. This book will explain what the real \\"adjustment bureau\\" is and how it controls our lives. [[ASIN:0140255265 Why We Do What We Do: Understanding Self-Motivation]]
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I got this for free when i downloaded the amazon store app for android. Similar to the other angry birds games but I enjoy it.
B000002B7M|5.0|I find it amusing, and definitely would have had I been around in the early 80's.  Black Sabbath kicked out Ozzy, thinking no one would ever hear from him again.  Then he goes on to be more well known than they are.  Heck most people think of Iron Man as an Ozzy song, not a Sabbath one.  Then they get Ronnie James Dio, rip, and he leaves, and has a more successful career after Sabbath.  Obviously Dio didn't leave on such bad terms since he returned for 2 albums, including his last effort, \\"The Devil You Know\\".  Still with how arrogant Iommi and co were and to see them put in check is great.  THIS IS THE VERSION TO GET...  I can't stress that enough.  Granted the latter ones has a bonus track, but you can just get it from itunes or amazon, and burn it to a compilation cd of Ozzy's b sides.  The version I have is the 95 remaster which sounds fantastic.  I have no idea why they decided to re-release the albums with different mastering when these sounded just fine.  I can actually hear the bass on here.  That's not common with most albums I listen to.  I can't speak for the 2011 remasters of this nor Diary, but I KNOW these versions are good, and don't even bother with the 2002 remasters.  They re-recorded the drums and bass with different people playing.  The fact those awful versions exist is a crime, course the fact they were created in the first place is an even bigger crime.  Finally, onto this album.  I LOVE the sound of this one.  The guitars have a unique sound, as does the bass.  This is a rare album where I notice the bass, and both sound great.  Ozzy's vocals are solid, better than anything he did with Sabbath.  The songwriting is very good too.  As I've stated, the production on this version is fantastic.  Again I repeat; THIS IS THE VERSION TO GET.  I Don't Know 10/10 is a great opener, with a nice riff, solid vocals, great guitar work.  This is the prefect opener.  It's an upper tempo rocker.  I also like the clean part in the bridge.  The lyrics are kindof funny.  Seriously why would anyone be asking Ozzy when the end is coming?  Like he'd know.  But whatever.  Crazy Train 8/10 ah yes.  Next to Black Sabbath's Iron Man, this is Ozzy's most known song.  And frankly it's way over played.  I can't completely say it's overrated, because it'd get a 9 if not for the attention it gets.  Seriously you hear this song EVERYWHERE.  Plus there's a stigma with me, for songs that are the, songs people mention when you say you're listening to a certain band.  Still it's a good up tempo rocker with a nice riff in the verses.  The vocals are really good, and in this case there is a reason this song is so well known.  Good song, but over hype ruins it a little.  Goodbye To Romance 8/10 is Ozzy's first solo ballad, and it's a pretty solid one.  It's a very somber tune.  I love the guitar sound on here.  Suicide Solution 9/10 is a mid tempo rocker with a nice groove to the drums.  Great vocals.  Ozzy sings deeper than he had to this point in his career.  Mr. Crowley 9/10 is a mid tempo rocker which starts with an organ playing.  This one has a nice main riff, and the drums are solid as well.  This one kind of sounds like it was meant to be a Black Sabbath song.  No Bone Movies 8/10, weird title.  This is an up tempo rocker.  The chorus, vocally and lyrically is very simple, but the song has such good verses and such a good flow it really doesn't hurt the song much.  Also Ozzy doesn't go overboard with the chorus.  There are other songs similar to this, where the rest of the song is good, and the chorus is very simple, and you can live with it in small doses, but then they'll repeat the chorus a million times to the point where you just can't take it anymore.  This one works just fine.  Revelation Mother Earth 8/10 is the second ballad of the album, and transitions very well into the next song, which they almost sound like parts 1 and 2 of a bigger song.  This one's mostly acoustic guitars and vocals with some drums.  Later the electric guitars kick in, along with some bells of some kind.  The instrumental part is really nice.  Steal Away The Night 9/10 is possibly the heaviest song on the album.  It's short but oh so sweet.  It follows the previous song very nicely.  It's up tempo.  there's a nice opening riff, and the vocals are really good, with a catchy chorus.  Again this is the version of this album to get.  I'm sure it'll be overlooked with the more recent versions out there, but this one sounds fantastic.  I'm fortunate, as when I bought this album this version was the only one you could buy.  Everything sounds great.  And, if you're an Ozzy fan, this album is an essential one to have.
B000031WBV|5.0|Rubinstein's recording of Chopin Nocturnes is exquisitely emotional, very soothing for late evening listening, so much information conveyed in each piece.  I highly recommend this version -- so many recordings leave me flat, this one I keep loving after many listenings.  Enjoy!
B0064TVQ5E|2.0|loved game until it started force closing. would shut down in the middle of a puzzle. also, would like to find sound commands a little easier.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I like the 15 day forecasts ....use them to make plans for long bicycle rides.  Great tool for any outdoor enthusiast.
B000002B7O|5.0|As I said in my Blizzard review, THIS IS THE VERSION TO GET..  I own the 95 remaster, and it's fantastic.  The production is very solid, everything is very noticeable.  Ozzy's voice sounds great.  The guitars sound great, and so does the rhythm section.  This is an Ozzy fan's essential.  You must own this album.  In keeping with what would become Ozzy's tradition for most of his career, this album has a different sound from Blizzard, which I like that he does that.  So many bands now just keep the same sound for every album.  Again get this version.  The 2000's version, they replaced the drums and bass with new recordings from Ozzy's at the time current band.  I still can't believe they did that.  It's such a crime to ruin such great works of art as this and Blizzard Of Ozz.  I can't speak to the 2011 version, as I haven't heard it, but at least the original drum and bass tracks were put back, after nearly a decade of the absolute wrong versions being the only ones available.  Over The Mountain 10/10 is an up tempo rocker and a great way to start the album.  Love the drum beat to open the track, and there are great riffs and solos throughout the song.  Ozzy's vocals are solid, and he has some great melodies as well.    Flying High Again 10/10 is an upper mid tempo rocker with a catchy main riff.  Ozzy sounds great.  This is an Ozzy classic for sure.    You Can't Kill Rock And Roll 10/10 is yet another outstanding track on this stellar release.  This one's a ballad, mostly acoustic guitars, with some electric here and there.  Great vocals, and I really enjoy the lyrics.  Love the guitar work.  Randy was truly a special guitarist.  too bad we never got much more from him than these 2 gems.  Believer 7/10 starts with a cool bass line and some strange noises with drums.  The guitars kick in shortly.  This is a mid tempo rocker, with several cool riffs.  There really isn't much of a chorus, but it really didn't need much of one to be a pretty good song.  Little Dolls 8/10 silly name for a song, but thankfully the actual song turned out pretty good.  This one has a similar pace to Believer, kind of annoying they put these 2 together, but oh well.  this is a mid tempo rocker with some nice melodies, and solid guitar playing.  Tonight 9/10 is another ballad, and a good one.  How Ozzy went from writing good ballads like these to the b---h-t like \\"here for you\\" is beyond me.  This one's mostly acoustic guitar and drum and bass, with Ozzy's vocals.  There are electric guitars in the chorus.  I like the melodies, and the solo is pretty good.  S.A.T.O. 8/10 is an up tempo rocker, and one of the faster songs on here.  This one's very solid, with some nice guitar work.  Ozzy also sounds great.  Diary Of A Madman 10/10 is not only the best song on this album, with some stiff competition I might add, but one of Ozzy's best songs of all time, and rivals No More Tears, for most epic Ozzy song.  In fact I can't pick between those 2 songs, they're both so good.  This one starts with an acoustic rif that transitions very well from the previous song.  Then the song builds up and we get the full band going along with some choral vocals for effect.  There are a lot of acoustic guitars here.  Ozzy sounds great, as does Randy's guitars.  This is the perfect closing track.  Seriously you can't go on after it, because anything after would be a disappointment, no matter how good the song is.  Again GET THIS VERSION..  I wish they'd just re release these 95 remasters, because they really didn't need to remaster them anymore after this anyways.  Heck they even remastered Ozmosis, which didn't need it.  Still this is a fantastic release from Ozzy, and one of my favorites.  I actually take back what I'd said on my Bark At The Moon review.  This is my second favorite Ozzy album.  And with his discography completed, I feel I can rank them all..  If you're an Ozzy fan definitely get this album.  Best to worst;  No More Tears  Diary Of A Madman, really just as good  Bark At The Moon, experimental a bit but awesome  Blizzard Of Oz everyone knows of this one's greatness, part of why it slips to 4th.  Ozmosis, too many ballads, but otherwise a good album.  Ultimate Sin, solid album, great sound, flows well, but not as good as the others above  Scream, would be above the previous 2, but they went for the Black Rain 2 sound, which I never cared for the sound of that one.  No Rest For The Wicked  Black Rain, starts off awesome with 3 great songs, but there isn't much after that.  And horrible production.  Down To Earth, sounds great but except for a couple songs, the songwriting is pretty boring and uninteresting.  Under Cover, has that horrible sound Ozzy's past few albums have gone for, plus a lot of ballads, and songs that really just aren't very good.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This app is a perfectly simple game. If you like solitaire you will do well with this app. It also has lots of options for settings too. (Three card draw vs one, etc)
0805092447|5.0|My two year old twin grandsons fight over this book.  I wish I'd bought two of them.  It's a great beginning to learning colors and animals for the little ones.
B001EN71CW|4.0|First, I will admit I love seeing this favorite series on Blu-ray. Read other reviews for more in depth info on the actual series or the quality of the image and sound. Image is a tad soft compared with some \\"reference\\" Blu-rays but the sound is great. My only complaint is with the packaging. They got lazy! You get three discs but nowhere on the discs or on the shell is a listing of the episodes. No way to tell which is on which disc! Once in the menu for a disc, the way it repeats and wraps around there is no way to tell which episode is first or last. This is NOT for first time viewers but is OK for hard-core fans who know the episode sequence. Despite being a fan since day one, I had to go to the internet, print off an episode listing, then mark which episode was on which disc. Fox was lazy when they aired the show and they were lazy in putting out the Blu-rays. Despite this... buy the darn thing. You will love it.
B005QI4TTY|5.0|If you hate on this album the title explains it all seriously, this album is amazing. Take Care is a masterpiece and brings life back into hip-hop. Lord Knows, Take Care, Over My Dead Body, Cameras, Crew Love, all heaters on this album every track is worth a listen and the motto which is an iTunes bonus track only makes it better. A must buy!
B005JLN9ZI|4.0|Take Care is a prime collection of Drake's cool words. I enjoy almost all of the tracks on the cd, except for the first two singles. Obviously, Drake is an amazing artist and I was totally satisfied with my purchase! Buy it!
156224003X|5.0|The truth found in this book is the reality and \\"how to\\" of all the great artists I have worked with, whether they are consciously aware of it or not. The contents of this book have to be realized by any artist, sooner or later.<br /><br />Musicians without this inner reality and stance are not yet artists. They may be on their way; They may be extremely technical craftsmen, but they lack the magic and the inspiration of true art. True art is not an egotistical exercise in showcasing technical skill for the sake of impressing an audience or colleagues (note: they wont be impressed if the motivation is ego..only if it is dictated  by music herself!), or flaunting knowledge, artificial complexity, contrived simplicity and catering to the egos' demands for attention. The public can subconsciously  tell if you have become music or not. Your ego  can't hide anywhere in the performing arts while performing. Offstage you can get away with much egotism if you so desire, but not during  union with music...<br /><br />A week ago I was thanking an old buddy of mine for his solos on 2 projects of mine. He is now one of the world's greatest new jazz bass players. I was telling him how the book was entirely \\"dead-on\\" according to my professional experience, which allows me the great good fortune of playing with some of he world's greatest musicians and discuss our musical experiences. He immediately jumped-in and said: \\" I have the book! I have read it several times\\".<br /><br />This artist was already so in tune with his inner being when I met him in a music store long ago on the strength of ONE note with a gliss he played, which attracted my attention instantly!. It is a testimony to the depth and down to earth practical scope of this book that he has found additional key information to further grow his mastery to the point of at which it is today. For me there are also additional insights and realizations to absorb and practice as one's road in music lifelong. Remember: We allget beter with time. Even mozart did!.<br /><br />I highly  recommend this fantastic practical guide to your inner genius. Genius is genius, not average common-sense, so be prepared to abandon many of your old presuppositions and ineffective beliefs that you think are valid...They don't work in a state of mastery and inspiration. What Kenny Werner teaches in a very practical step by step manner does!
0446585025|1.0|I read this book hoping to be in stitches and and the same time get some sort of serious insight. I got neither. The book tried to get laughs every chance it got but failed. It was trying too  hard. The book was one long standup routine and it was not a hilarious routine. A few pages into it and I stopped reading. It was insulting my intellect. I managed to finish it after weeks only by force. I wanted to see if it was as bad as I thought. It was.
1573225517|3.0|Great writing. Incredibly damaged but likeable, well-drawn characters.  At one point, Rob (our protagonist, who is having a protracted, early mid-life crisis) attends the funeral of his ex-girlfriend's father. As expected, he creates a scene and then abruptly leaves.  Laura, the ex, takes off after him but not before creating her own scene.  She finds him face down in some bushes trying to avoid her notice. Here's a gem from that scene when Rob suggests that she return to the funeral gathering:  \\"I don't want to go back.  I've thrown a wobbler too.\\" I love this: I've thrown a wobbler.  The British dialog is wonderfully entertaining.<br /><br />The two clerks who work with Rob at his record store are hilarious.  One is a wannabe musician with a band that changes its name weekly, it seems. The three guys argue endlessly and it's always entertaining.<br /><br />There's a hilarious dinner party that Rob is invited to where he definitely doesn't fit in.  Nick Hornby writes like he's holding a camera and goes around, and around, the room.  It's so real, the reader will squirm right there along with Rob, who sits all evening mute like a lump of pudding and knows that these uptown people aren't his type of people. And vice versa.<br /><br />Although the story is laugh-out-loud funny, it seems to go on much too long.  About a 1/3 into the story, I just want Rob to snap out of his misery and do something meaningful with his life instead of just chasing down old girlfriends and stalking Laura.  The end is somewhat satisfying, yet, inconclusive.<br /><br />Marie Estorge<br />author of STORKBITES: A MEMOIR<br />and CONFESSIONS OF A BI-POLAR MARDI GRAS QUEEN<br /><br />[[ASIN:0974847402 Storkbites: A Memoir]]
0525948023|5.0|I do not generally subscribe to anything that cannot proven, i.e. religion, etc. but this book does such an amazing job to break down so many limitations we place on ourself and how far we have come from who and what we are. I highly highly recommend this book.
1400069181|4.0|I thought this book was really interesting. I loved getting an inside look into how TOMS was started and a look at the other businesses that are mentioned in the book. I loved that the idea came to Blake in such an organic way: he saw a problem and formulated a way to fix it. I love that he talked about the bumps they had along the way and let the reader into some of the funny situations they dealt with (passing the phone around to interns to pretend to be higher ups for instance). I also liked seeing how the company started out in such a small way and has grown so much. It is really inspiring to someone who is thinking about starting a business to see that you can start small and eventually become bigger.   Even if you don't think you want to start a business I think you'd like this book. It is inspiring just to read about the charitable acts that others have started. It really inspired me to want to do something for others. Seeing what these people have done makes you realize that you can do something to help as well.  I think one of the best parts of this book is that it wasn't preachy at all. It never felt like Blake was saying \\"look how awesome I am.\\" It felt a lot like you were just having a conversation with him. I definitely recommend this book. It was a quick read and full of great information. Definitely a winner.
B001608QVS|5.0|To begin: either you are familiar with the character \\"Harry Callahan\\" and like the movies, you hate the movies or you are unfamiliar with the movies. (What rock have you been under for who knows how many years?)  The character of Dirty Harry is iconic.  The cop that will uphold the intent of the law, whatever the price.  Clint Eastwood is terrific.  I have seen all these movies multiple times, but this is the first time I have purchased any of them.  I've watched two so far, and am looking forward to the others.  This is great fun!
B004EPYZT4|3.0|Rent it at Red Box for a buck...not great, certainly not bad, but worth renting.  Your girlfriend might not like it-it's a man movie.  The actor who is Conan is good, weaknes in movie is sub average plot, and some of the fight scenes look a bit choreographed.  It's better than the Arnold 80's version for sure.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|finally a place to keep things I want to remember that doesn't result in another stack of paper, binder, or forgotten notebook.  syncs with my phone and kindle fire.  perfect.
B004LROUNG|1.0|This read was very disappointing. You know how some times you will watch a terrible movie to the end just to see if it gets better?  That's how I was with this book. The dialog and character development were entertaining, but the book was without an engaging plot. The climax was a dud. An okay read for a lesser known author, that you get free. A terrible waste at the publisher's price! I want $12.00 of my $12.99 back.
B000BVQ9JO|5.0|Well I could never find this anywhere I went, when it came to store or used cds at goodwill. But I very much enjoy this band.
B004EPYZQ2|1.0|Who let Spielberg get away with highway robbery? Who turned their heads & allowed this guy 2 steal this kind of $$$ 4 this garbage?! No 1 was watchin' the cookie jar when he put his hand in & emptied it! This movie should have gone str8 2 the dumpster right out the camera! The kids did a good job with what they had 2 work with. Who ever created this mess should be flogged! Horrendous story! Good job kids! Not worth the harddrive it was saved on! I rate this a -5!!!
B000WAEJZ0|5.0|GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE, FAST DELIVERY, CD SOUNDS GREAT, IS WORTH THE MONEY, RECOMD TO ALL AND GET ONE. WIFE HAVE ALREADY TAKING FROM ME, MAY NEED TO ORDER ANOTHER ONE.
B0064X7FVE|2.0|other aps just are more robust. there are is no radar. hard to navigate. I don't remember much more since I stopped using it weeks ago.
B005NKIQ26|1.0|Expectations for music released at, and for, the Christmas period are usually pretty low. It's fair to say that the time of the classic Christmas song is long gone, and few, if any, will ever sit alongside the recognized \\"canon\\" of festive standards. When you listen to, say, Phil Spector's seminal, timeless \\"A Christmas Gift For You\\" record, you can't imagine any of today's pop goons ever creating anything quite so genuinely joyful. So yeah, it's now all a big \\"whatever - it's Christmas\\" shrug. We don't really expect much from today's crop of Christmas tunes.<br /><br />But, seriously, has it come to this? Are we really so turned off, desensitized and bored with Christmas music that something so horrendous, poorly conceived and downright WRONG as Bieber's \\"Under the Mistletoe\\" record can be released and we simply mark it down as yet another Christmas album? The fact that, in the last three weeks both Michael Buble AND X Factor dud and celebrity non-event Joe McElderry have released depressingly similar Christmas albums, and even they sound relatively palatable compared to this monstrous mis-fire.<br /><br />The whole point of a Christmas record is, surely, to make you warm towards and anticipate the big day. To enjoy spending time with your loved ones and to really get behind the \\"season of goodwill.\\" Yet the sheer bile that wells up in the soul when simply looking at Bieber's arrogant, hateful face, coupled with his whining, nasally voice, makes you wish for a Santa suicide bomber.<br /><br />We'll get to the main offender later, but let's deal with the other low quality tracks first. The handful of new songs are all vanilla, instantly forgetful R&B lite dross, all repeating the same eye-rolling cliches (\\"I heard on the street that Santa Claus is coming to town\\" - noooo, REALLY, Justin?) and boring, mundane ballads with as much soul and warmth as an airport departure lounge. Remember when I said new Christmas songs can't hang with the classics? These new songs aren't even on par with \\"Have a Cheeky Christmas\\" by the Cheeky Girls.<br /><br />As for the covers, the puppet masters who pull Bieber's strings have decided to ruin some of the most celebrated Christmas songs of all time. Among them, a turgid, \\"I'm really feeling the emotion here, honest\\" snooze-fest cover of Silent Night and an appalling version of \\"The Christmas Song\\" that makes you wish that it was only Bieber's chestnuts roasting on an open fire. And what says \\"Christmas\\" more than a guest appearance by \\"talk to my manager and show me the money\\" Busta Rhymes on \\"Little Drummer Boy\\", an atrocious, vulgar track that has Bieber attempting to rap, with knuckle chewing, face-palm worthy lyrics (\\"Playing for the king, playing for the title, I'm surprised you didn't hear this in the bible\\"). The fact this music was recorded, released - and that people paid money for it - simply beggars belief.<br /><br />Anyway, onto the main offender and lead single from the record itself. Arguably the last Christmas song that could sit alongside festive pop standards like Slade's \\"Merry Xmas Everybody\\" and Wham's \\"Last Christmas\\", Mariah Carey's \\"All I Want For Christmas is You\\" remains the only song in her entire career that is of any worth whatsoever. Released in 1994, it remains a Christmas favourite. It's got bags of charm, an irresistible pop hook and is pretty much impossible not to enjoy.<br /><br />Leave it up to the record labels then, to strip the song of any merit and make it note for note the worst track on an already grim and grisly album.. and Mariah is there for the ride, willfully destroying her own song all in the name of attempting to remain relevant to 12 year old girls. The video has to be seen to be believed; Carey doing her \\"I can't do anything else\\" coquettish shtick in a skimpy Santa outfit, now looking like a depressed, crack addicted hooker while Bieber basically shouts over the rest of the song. Yes indeed, nothing says \\"Christmas time!\\" like a 41 year old balloon chested skank making sexy eyes at a 17 year old boy. It's absolutely shameful.<br /><br />Lazy, cheap Christmas cash-in's, where flavour of the month pop morons ruin Christmas songs are nothing new, and they will continue to be made as long as stupid kids and no-nothing parents buy them. Make no mistake - \\"Under the Mistletoe\\" could very well be the worst of the lot. If Santa Claus is indeed making a list of who's been naughty and nice, he should surely be heading for Justin Bieber's home with a pair of pliers and a blow torch.t's absolutely shameful.  Lazy, cheap Christmas cash-in's, where flavour of the month pop morons ruin Christmas songs are nothing new, and they will continue to be made as long as stupid kids and no-nothing parents buy them. Make no mistake - \\"Under the Mistletoe\\" could very well be the worst of the lot. If Santa Claus is indeed making a list of who's been naughty and nice, he should surely be heading for Justin Bieber's home with a pair of pliers and a blow torch.
B0063IH60K|4.0|this is a great way to relax...easy to use form. the auto finish is an awesome timesaver.  I have played several types of solitaire this is by far the most convenient
0307959856|3.0|Reviews of this work have been glowing but I was disappointed in it.  The P&P link seemed to weigh on the author more than I expected. I can understand wanting to provide a small amount of background for P.D. James fans who might be unfamiliar with P&P (although personally I think it's unlikely to be a very large audience) but there are IMHO an excessive number of P&P references that are mostly awkwardly shoehorned in. For example, I don't think it was really necessary to reference a tidbit from the P&P epilogue as follows: \\"What they both liked best was a summer visit when Mr Gardiner could enjoy the fishing and his wife enjoyed nothing better than to explore the grounds with Elizabeth in a single-horse phaeton.\\" And there's an entire paragraph that begins \\"In all this, Elizabeth was able to comfort herself by recalling the response she had given to Lady Catherine de Bourgh...\\" It's almost like James felt required to reference the book repeatedly in minor detail to remind/convince us that it's a P&P sequel. I also wish she hadn't included throwaway references to characters from other Austen works, which I found jarring.  Her historic references are also clumsy. For example, Darcy is a magistrate, but at one point, one of the other magistrates carefully explains to him the duties of the Chief Constable, introducing the explanation with that clichd expository lump intro, \\"as you know.\\" Another time, a young lawyer spends a couple of paragraphs explaining assize courts and the authority of the attorney general. Possibly as a result of this, the dialogue is frequently stilted, with a lot of explanation or detail provided in ways that people don't normally talk -- even Jane goes on for a paragraph or two at a time. There are also a few dialogue anachronisms here and there (for example, several times, Darcy calls Elizabeth \\"my love\\" in front of other people).  Most distressingly, there is hardly any sly humor. Perhaps that's to be expected of a mystery, but it was a charming characteristic of Austen's work and it's almost entirely missing here.  Mind you, it's not all bad. The period writing is excellent, and the further development of the characters seems consistent with P&P. The central mystery itself is also very good.  I wish James had limited herself to just enough background information to inform the present story, and was a bit more clever at incorporating historic detail. I found the book interesting but it was not the tour de force that I was expecting from reviews.
B004DI7HZ6|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book!  I could not put it down.  I am very excited for the next book in the series to come out next summer. I would recommend this to everyone.
B006BXTOFC|5.0|I began 2011 knowing I would blog a Ten Best Albums list in December. During the year, I've had various contenders for my #1, but it's been challenging. The Black Keys just made it easy. Their best yet, and my favorite album of the year.
B004SIIBGU|5.0|As a seller I find this app to be indispensable. Great notifications when you'd on the go. Notifications about payments and buyer emails are just and extra added plus.
B005VGYA68|1.0|Why is this not available in the USA Region 1 or all region. It was shown on HBO which I do not have. It was made by an American director (Martin Scorsese). It should have been at least released in the US before anywhere else. I am sure, judging by the reviews that it is fantastic which only adds to my and I'm sure other American's frustration. Is there anyone out there that has an American release date for this? I am sorry for the rambling.  This 1 star review is obviously for the non-existence of an American version not the UK PAL version.  Frustrated In The USA  [[ASIN:B005VGWT2K George Harrison: Living in the Material World [UK import, Region 2 PAL format]]]
B005LJK3AC|1.0|Could have had potential..   Yet, not funny.. and not entertaining..   If this is comedy, Hollywood must be on a serious decline..   as well as the need for good actors..
B0063IH60K|5.0|I like everything about this game! It's a great something to do when you have a little time to kill. And the price was right!
B002MQYOFW|4.0|In essence this is a post-apocalyptic fictional book about a three teenagers.  This is the first book of the series and it sets up the premise of the other two books and is therefore essential to the story.  As the review says Katniss and Peeta, both 16, are sent to the \\"Hunger Games\\", a televised reality program of 24 12-18-year-olds fighting to the death until only one is left standing.  I could continue with a synposis of the story, but since this is a review I thought just to get to the heart of the matter.  This book for me was the weakest of the series, for a number of reasons, even though most of my friends who recommended this series felt this was the best. My prime reason was that in this book I just didn't like Katniss nor did any of the other characters catch my sympathy. Maybe since I dislike reality series shows that was the root of the problem, who knows.  I found Katniss to be just a little too shallow, a little too self-centered, and a little too judgmental, and many times I just wished she would die and let another character take her place. But it was those feelings that made me enjoy and appreciate the other two books as Katniss matures into a young woman any mother would be proud to call her own.  Because of the other two books I gave this 4/5 star review even though for me it was more of a 2 1/2 to 3 star book. I read at least 2 books a week, something that is remarkable considering how little extra time I have, but it took me over a week to read this one.  Many a time I would lay it down in disgust only to pick it up to see what happened next, to finish it to see if my friends were right that this was the best book.  So, my recommendation is that if you like post-apocalyptic books give this a whirl. In light of the other two this is a series well worth the read.
B0002JP4L4|5.0|Such a feel good movie. Gets you singing and dancing.  Received in prompt time. I believe it was the very next day! Great condition.
B0049GYXDG|5.0|A film as vibrant and colorful as this one was bound to get a blu ray release. There was no better a time when Alice was in all the rage because of Burton. Fans of the classic animated film rejoice. Wonderland has never looked better.   The colors are vibrant, the picture clear. It looks like a modern film, but it still has the charms of a classic. I can't think of any way to emphasize how great the blu ray conversion is. It.......wow.  Should I review the film itself? It's a classic Disney film, what else? In this adaption of the classic tale, Alice falls into Wonderland, meeting the usual suspects but told in a way only Disney can. Things are removed, things added, but it doesn't seem inappropriate. it flows beautifully with Disney's adapted tale.    The blu ray includes many bonus features which should be in the description. Most are very insightful, great for avid fans. One or two are pointless, but that's something minor.   Fall down the rabbit hole, the blu rabbit hole! You will NOT regret this buy!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|WOW...Super easy to setup and works good for most apps...I did have an issue watching videos through media player...but the support website had an easy fix for that. I have not had any connection issues on my kindle fire unless I try to do something that would normally hang up my pc anyway.  Overall I am super happy with this app...easy navigation too.  Somehow they made it easy to navigate my entire pc desktop on a 7 inch kindle screen!  Amazing!
B003O86FMW|5.0|Synposis: Katniss and Peeta have won the last Hunger Games, but instead of being free they are burdened with a multitude of problems.<br /><br />I really like this book!! As with the first book we see everything through Katniss' eyes as she deals with problems no teen should have: survivor guilt, post-tramatic stress disorder, loss of her old life, and now being the poster child for the rebellion. Katniss copes better than expected as she is swept along in the malstrom of the rebellion, much of which she has little say in what happens. I felt great sympathy as with many people who had suffered matreatment at the hands of others find that the removal of the danger only leaves one with the sense of emptiness and loss of purpose. Despite this overwhelm loss Katniss tries to reclaim her life only to find herself, and Peeta, once more pawns in a large game of war between the capitol and the rebels.<br /><br />This book is a must read for everyone as we once more find ourselves surrounded by wounded warriors. The author presents a clear look into their minds, giving us a first-person view of the hell they live with daily. Most people never have this first-hand experience and find the wounded psychies of these people uncomprehenable. I don't know how she learned all this but I can tell you her portrayal was acurate.<br />This is a 4 1/2 stars book in my library.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|Reading this book was somewhat akin to savoring a delightful journey.  From the first page, I was captivated and remained engaged for the entire journey.  Unlike some other books where I find myself looking forward to the end, I was sorry to see this one end.  The author's descriptions of everything from the circus to the people to the food were fantastic.  In fact, I found myself re-reading paragraphs and visualizing the scenes.  It was just incredibly rich.  As for the story itself, it was a fantastic read.  I enjoyed the fact that the nature of the circus and the people allowed for the suspension of reality.  Events and actions that, in other books might evoke a \\"that's absurd\\" reaction seemed perfectly suited.  For me, this ranks as one of my favorites.
B0068AWQQ2|4.0|Much better than I thought it would be! Like many of the other reviewers have stated, I don't care for remakes. They almost always get it wrong; the characters, the atmosphere/just the general \\"feel\\" of the original. Well Frght Night 2011 doesn't try to copycat the original nor does it try to replace it. The 2011 film simply tries to be a fresh take on the original and succeeds very well. Both Colin Farrell and Anton Yelchin are in peak form and the girlfriend is a joy to behold. Unlike other franchises...\\"cough\\" Transformers...she's not just window dressing, overbearing or just plain an annoyance. Imogene Poots (What were her parents smoking) plays Amy as believable and more importantly likable. David Tennant also brought a totally different and yes fresh Peter Vincent to screen. I throughly enjoyed his performance especially how nothing about his screen-Peter Vincent was real (so funny) but he had the tallest shoes to fill; Roddy McDowall simply cannot be replaced.   Nothing about the 2011 film felt rehashed or been there done that. Though the original will always remain a champion among the genre this 2011 film has gained a well respected seat on the bench. It can \\"play\\" on my team any time.
B001CDWFPC|3.0|I am comparing this volume to the brand new The Jewish Annotated New Testament, and it seems the newer volume may have learned something from this older volume on Kindle. And, this may be the first time I have found differences in the way a book works on Kindle for the PC versus the look and feel on a Kindle device. The biggest gotcha is that when you go to the Table of Contents, there are no entries for the names of the 66 books. You can find them, but you have to go to near the top of the text and manually scroll up. Both editions have all the notes of the printed edition, but they are not as neatly retrieved as the new Jewish Annotation.<br /><br />The maps are very nice (black and white only)but they are mislabelled. One thing which Kindle may want to do on the PC is to be able to have two or more sessions open at once, so you can easily compare OT quotes in the NT.<br /><br />Overall, the edition on Kindle is better than I originally thought, but producers of editions for Kindle need to do more work on the interface for books such as the Bible and the Qur'an.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Synposis: Katniss is the face of the rebellion but still a pawn.  This is a must read, right up there with the classics. This is not a pretty story of bad things happen but in the end all is right and we all live happily ever after.  Katniss finds herself still a pawn for the powers-that-be, now for the rebels instead of the capitol. This is a story about all the cruel things that happen as we torture each other. This isn't just about war, army vs army, it's about one faction fighting another and knowing that you can't sit on the fence but must choose a side even when it is just picking the lesser of two evils. Many people are insulated from the fact for most of the world life is a daily fight to the end and the concept of gray zones can't exist, even though they know it does. These people know that there is no place to escape and just live a \\"normal\\" life, instead they spend their days looking over one shoulder running from one crisis to another.  This book is a must read to all those who have forgotten, or never knew, about how cruel life is...a true classic.
0143117009|5.0|Another strong offering by Diamond, following Guns, Germs, and Steel.  Diamond presents real data cutting across several academic fields: geo-isotopes, pollens, tree-rings, sociology, seismic, agricultural, and archaeological.  In this book, he does a reasonable job of covering the data each of these disciplines and the cross discipline analysis.  The present does not always follow the past, but there are some useful lessons to be learned.  Humans shape their environments and sometimes this leads to failures, some cataclysmic.  We are shaping our environment and can learn from the past how to minimize the failure.
B005DBFZQU|5.0|Schiff is ideally suited to Schumann with his lyrically subtle style.  I purchased this disc for the Geistervariationen but found the entire disc delightful.  He plays the opening of the Geistervariationen with an unbelievably quiet and hushed tones - this CD is worth it for that opening alone.
B002RI9R4S|5.0|I've developed a general rule to avoid free Kindle editions of virtually anything, and it paid off handsomely when I picked this edition. There were two Penguin Kindle editions. This one for $.99 and another for free. As with other free Kindle editions labelled \\"Penguin\\", the edition was not Penguin, it was a \\"Pocket Book\\" edition. This one, for a buck, is true blue Penguin.<br /><br />To further validate my point, this edition has many addins which are often missing from a cheap Kindle edition. First, it has a history of the book's writing and publication, an outline of Wilde's life, an excellent bibliography covering both 19th and 20th century works, two appendices on 19th century reviews of the book and on the provinance of this edition. It also has notes on the chapters which explain things understood by a late 19th century Londoner, but which have been lost to us. An example is the term \\"Japanese effect\\" referring to a style adopted by some late 19th century painters, mimicing some aspects of Japanese art. A leading example was the great portrait artist, James MacNeill Whistler.<br /><br />In a word, it is a complete, genuine Penguin edition, cheap.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|Not much that can be said other than: fantastic ending to a great series. :)<br /><br />Answers the questions, resolves the issues, and you see the survivors move on... one of the best movies of the series.
B006FLGBGA|1.0|Seems to be a trend with online content lately.  Your better off buying the DVD don't bother with the downloaded version.  It's a real scam considering the DRM'd download and playback system with Amazon Unbox doesn't actually work.
0671646788|5.0|This book is a fantastic book to help you realise what you already know is true, that what you believe is possible generally is possible.<br /><br />Of course you must be realistic in your approach to the steps you need to take to get you where you want to be.<br /><br />But there is much truth in the quote: \\"When the impossibility has been eliminated, whatever remains, no matter how improbable... is possible\\".<br /><br />Therefore, basically anything is possible for you!<br /><br />This book unleashes that inner voice that tells you 'you can do anything'.<br /><br />For that reason I believe it to be one of the best books to give you the spark you need.
B0058FOB2K|5.0|I brought this back in June from Target, and it was only 14 dollars. Why is it $33.99 now? It's an amazing album also, so if you want to splurge...DO IT.
1591841666|5.0|I saw [[ASIN:1591841666 The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit (and When to Stick)]] while looking another of Seth Godin's books, and it clicked for me; How many times have I been asked when to quit or when to stick.  The book arrived and I took a look at it, it was fun, engaging, and a quick read.  I have used it for business, plus great tidbits of wisdom for friends and family.  It can be hard when you are struggling to quit after years in a dead-end, this book helps determine when sticking is just further pain.    Get it and you will enjoy it.
B000FVGN00|5.0|This album is the follow-up to T-Rex's landmark \\"Electric Warrior\\", which made Marc Bolan a superstar.  Unfortunately the quality of T-Rex's output would not last long after the commercial breakthrough.  Some critics denigrate this album as the beginning of the downward slide because it does not break any new ground.  Truthfully it is essentially more of the same as \\"Electric Warrior\\", and there are a couple of very evident attempt to rehash older glory.  \\"Telegram Sam\\" is clearly a \\"Get It On\\" knockoff.<br /><br />From a critic's standpoint, these are valid points.  From a music fan's standpoint - WHO CARES!  This is an awesome album that absolutely belongs in any T-Rex fan's collection.  Even the aforementioned \\"Telegram Sam\\" is classic T-Rex.  There is not a bad song on the album. \\"Main Man\\" is the weakest track, but actually works well as a closer.  Stylistically there are a few differences from \\"Electric Warrior\\".  In some ways he brings back some of the wierd, dissonant touches that were more prominent in the earlier Tyrannosaurus Rex albums.  Flo and Eddie's background vocals are more upfront and over the top (a good thing!).  Lots of great grooves on this album, incl. the title track & \\"Chariot Choogle\\".<br /><br />The lyrics are the typical word soup pseudo-mysticism and mostly gibberish, but cool gibberish (what is a \\"Rabbit Fighter\\"?).  \\"Ballrooms of Mars\\" sets up a great atmosphere:<br /><br />\\"You talk about day<br />I'm talking 'bout night time<br />When the monsters call out<br />The names of men<br />Bob Dylan knows<br />And I bet Alan Freed did<br />There are things in night<br />That are better not to behold\\"<br /><br />What that means I have no idea, but it sounds cool.  Bottom line is this is a must-have album.  Unfortunately this is the end of T-Rex's peak.  The next album \\"Tanx\\", while still very good, would be a step down.<br /><br />I am not familiar with the first two albums, so I can't comment on them, but I own everything from 1969's \\"Unicorn\\" through 1973's \\"Tanx\\" and higly recommend all of those albums.  There are also some non-album singles like \\"Children of the Revolution\\" that are great.  I've heard his last album \\"Dandy in the \\"Underworld\\" was a return to form, but I haven't heard it yet.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0002LU976 Unicorn]]<br />[[ASIN:B0002LU97G Beard of Stars]]<br />[[ASIN:B0002LU97Q T-Rex]]<br />[[ASIN:B0018ARN6U Electric Warrior (Expanded & Remastered) (US Release)]]<br />[[ASIN:B004R1VXWW Tanx]]<br />[[ASIN:B000069V25 20th Century Boy: The Ultimate Collection]]are also some non-album singles like \\"Children of the Revolution\\" that are great.  I've heard his last album \\"Dandy in the \\"Underworld\\" was a return to form, but I haven't heard it yet.  [[ASIN:B0002LU976 Unicorn]]  [[ASIN:B0002LU97G Beard of Stars]]  [[ASIN:B0002LU97Q T-Rex]]  [[ASIN:B0018ARN6U Electric Warrior (Expanded & Remastered) (US Release)]]  [[ASIN:B004R1VXWW Tanx]]  [[ASIN:B000069V25 20th Century Boy: The Ultimate Collection]]
B002MW50KO|2.0|Wow, this album is nearly unlistenable.  The main issue is Dylan's voice - he just can't hit the notes needed to carry the melodies at this point.  Anytime he tries to sing notes higher than his lowest end all he can manage is a feeble croak.  The vocal issues are made all the more glaring by the lovely music.  Coupling such rich & warm arrangements with such strained & anemic vocals ends up being kind of a \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" situation, only highlighting the vocal problems.<br />I am sure hardcore Dylan devotees will knock me for my review, but unless you're a hardcore Dylan devotee I can't imagine this album having much appeal.  I hate to disrespect a legend and I'll brace myself for backlash, but Dylan just can't pull this one off vocally.
B005J4TLN4|1.0|IF YOU'RE MENTALLY OR PHICALLY 12 AND UNDER, THIS IS A FILM FOR YOU. GOOD PRODUCTION VALUE, TOO BAD IT'S WASTED TRYING TO MAKE HUMAN DREK INTO CHARACTERS WE CARE ABOUT. LOTS OF GOOD SCIFI  FILMS OUT THERE. IF YOU HAVE A BRAIN, WATCH SOMETHING ELSE.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|great old school RPG.  hours of fun.  great controls.  interesting and easy to follow story.  something you can easily come back to a month later and not be lost.
B0041X90D0|5.0|First of all the correct title of the album is \\"The Slider\\".  This album is the follow-up to T-Rex's landmark \\"Electric Warrior\\", which made Marc Bolan a superstar.  Unfortunately the quality of T-Rex's output would not last long after the commercial breakthrough.  Some critics denigrate this album as the beginning of the downward slide because it does not break any new ground.  Truthfully it is essentially more of the same as \\"Electric Warrior\\", and there are a couple of very evident attempt to rehash older glory.  \\"Telegram Sam\\" is clearly a \\"Get It On\\" knockoff.<br /><br />From a critic's standpoint, these are valid points.  From a music fan's standpoint - WHO CARES!  This is an awesome album that absolutely belongs in any T-Rex fan's collection.  Even the aforementioned \\"Telegram Sam\\" is classic T-Rex.  There is not a bad song on the album. \\"Main Man\\" is the weakest track, but actually works well as a closer.  Stylistically there are a few differences from \\"Electric Warrior\\".  In some ways he brings back some of the wierd, dissonant touches that were more prominent in the earlier Tyrannosaurus Rex albums.  Flo and Eddie's background vocals are more upfront and over the top (a good thing!).  Lots of great grooves on this album, incl. the title track & \\"Chariot Choogle\\".<br /><br />The lyrics are the typical word soup pseudo-mysticism and mostly gibberish, but cool gibberish (what is a \\"Rabbit Fighter\\"?).  \\"Ballrooms of Mars\\" sets up a great atmosphere:<br /><br />\\"You talk about day<br />I'm talking 'bout night time<br />When the monsters call out<br />The names of men<br />Bob Dylan knows<br />And I bet Alan Freed did<br />There are things in night<br />That are better not to behold\\"<br /><br />What that means I have no idea, but it sounds cool.  Bottom line is this is a must-have album.  Unfortunately this is the end of T-Rex's peak.  The next album \\"Tanx\\", while still very good, would be a step down.<br /><br />I am not familiar with the first two albums, so I can't comment on them, but I own everything from 1969's \\"Unicorn\\" through 1973's \\"Tanx\\" and higly recommend all of those albums.  There are also some non-album singles like \\"Children of the Revolution\\" that are great.  I've heard his last album \\"Dandy in the \\"Underworld\\" was a return to form, but I haven't heard it yet.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0002LU976 Unicorn]]<br />[[ASIN:B0002LU97G Beard of Stars]]<br />[[ASIN:B0002LU97Q T-Rex]]<br />[[ASIN:B0018ARN6U Electric Warrior (Expanded & Remastered) (US Release)]]<br />[[ASIN:B004R1VXWW Tanx]]<br />[[ASIN:B000069V25 20th Century Boy: The Ultimate Collection]]1973's \\"Tanx\\" and higly recommend all of those albums.  There are also some non-album singles like \\"Children of the Revolution\\" that are great.  I've heard his last album \\"Dandy in the \\"Underworld\\" was a return to form, but I haven't heard it yet.  [[ASIN:B0002LU976 Unicorn]]  [[ASIN:B0002LU97G Beard of Stars]]  [[ASIN:B0002LU97Q T-Rex]]  [[ASIN:B0018ARN6U Electric Warrior (Expanded & Remastered) (US Release)]]  [[ASIN:B004R1VXWW Tanx]]  [[ASIN:B000069V25 20th Century Boy: The Ultimate Collection]]
B0052UZIFA|2.0|While it worked fine on my Droid Incredible, it unfortunately doesn't work well, if at all on my new Galaxy Nexus. Graphics do not bother me, however, when more than a few moving sprites appear on screen, the game freezes, yet the music continues. This is all on just level 1-2! I have to go to my home screen then clear it out using the recent apps button. Sadly, I'm disappointed. :/
B004LWZW4W|5.0|First of all, the film itself. I didn't catch this in theaters but I was aware of all the positive buzz, and I'm a big fan of the original Planet of the Apes movie (don't really care much about the sequels), and I already thought this movie looked interesting. I've watched it twice, and I must say that I really LOVED it the 2nd time. This movie is a terrific reboot/origin story for this series, and while it pays homage to the original, it still manages to be its own film. I loved how focused the movie is; the story is simple but very well thought out and executed. The film doesn't get bogged down in unecessary subplots. And the character of Caesar (especially thanks to Andy Serkis) is one of my favorite charatcers in any film. The CGI is excellent; of course you can tell the apes aren't real, but the CGI is still so lifelike. Also, the fact that they used motion captures made the apes feel like real creatures.  Some people might say that this is a cash-in on the older series, but it isn't. It's a new take on the story and a great one at that. It's definitely one of the best films of 2011.  As for the Blu-Ray itself, it's very crisp and clean and the colors pop out at you. The sound is great. The biggest selling point is the extra, since there are some great ones here. There are many featurettes showing the making of the film, from the motion capture performances to the score of the film, etc. One of my favorite features is a mini-documentary about the great apes, covering chimpanzees, gorillas, and orangutans. These animals are beautiful and fascinating, and the viewer really gets to learn some amazing facts about them if they didn't know them already.  All in all, this is a great Blu-Ray release of a great movie. It was a blind buy for me and I wasn't disappointed. The Transformers films could learn a few things from this one.
098357670X|5.0|This book is great! With full color and splendid drawings on every page, it does not disappoint. Not only are the caricatures amazing, but the guide is extremely helpful to a beginner like me. Not only is it for beginners though, as it has great new ideas and thoughts and caricaturism (if that's a word). Plus I got it signed by the author himself, Mad's Tom Richmond! I recommend this to pretty much anybody with an interest in caricatures or great artwork.
0765348276|5.0|I am an avid reader as well as an author myself and I loved this book!  Couldn't wait to read the sequel and anything else that this author writes.  Great work John!  Keep 'em coming!
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I saw this movie first in theaters. During the course of the movie I laughed, I cried, and at the end the entire audience applauded. As I looked around after leaving I saw a lot of misty eyes. A lot of the women in the theater were older, so I know they must remember what living through this time was like. As a 30 year old, I did not live through this time, but this movie made feel like I did. It was a very powerful and impacting movie. I bought it on DVD so now I can watch it over and over. I also have bought the book, and while I haven't read it yet, I have heard nothing but amazing things about it and I will definitely be reading it soon! It's not only a must rent, it's a must buy!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|It really works!  I had my doubts, but it installed easily, and I can now access anything on my computer.  I had a problem with it finding a port when starting the desktop this morning, , but rebooting  the computer and the router fixed it.  This makes the Fire a powerful tool.
0671027344|5.0|Recommended to me by my girlfriend, once I opened this book I found it hard to put it down. I was immersed into the life of a boy who desires to belong. The experiences in this amazingly written book made me hope the story didn't end.
B00005JN2Z|4.0|Tom Cruise, Jamie Foxx and Jada Pinkett Smith star in Michael   Mann's 2004 crime thriller. A cabbie becomes part of a hitman's  plan of assassinating people. Tom and Jamie are good together   and Tom is a great bad guy. This dvd set has nice picture and   sound plus neat extras. I recommend this good flick.
0316098329|1.0|I must say this is the first book that I have read that I truly felt was a major guffaw!  It had no draw, was a copycat story from a newspaper event and no character development for my tastes.  No creativity, no involved story plot. If you like nonsensical jabber this is it.  I have raised 6 children and none of them talked like this author seems to think.  I read the first chapter, a middle chapter and the last 3 pages and got the whole story in its entirety.  Please save yourself the time and money to even give it a try.  Just my opinion as there are different levels of enjoyment.  I, for one, prefer to have a wonderful reading experience.  This is not it!
B0055SWM08|4.0|very original with a lot of gadgets to spice up a rolling ball game. The prompts to rate are not that bad. its only a 99 cent game for gods sake. remember people when games were tens of dollers?
B005HESGZ0|4.0|Each season of TNG is great. 4/5 stars.<br />(I can't give 5/5 stars to any TV show because TV shows are a huge time-suck. They can be enjoyable, but they are distracting me from developing real technology!)<br /><br />There are only a few lame episodes in the TNG series. You gotta watch the whole series, in order!<br />But first you should read the novels Earth by David Brin, Schild's Ladder by Greg Egan, A Fire Upon the Deep by Vernor Vinge, and Manifold: Time by Steven Baxter.<br /><br />Star Trek: TNG is the best TV show of all time. It's about advanced technology, people with enlightened attitudes and behaviors, and exploration of our galaxy.<br />But maybe people shouldn't be spending all their time watching fictional TV shows! We need to get to work on real technology development.<br /><br />The only really lame things about each Star Trek series so far (TOS through Enterprise) are:<br />1) neural technologies and biomedical technologies are drastically and unrealistically behind propulsion and transportation technologies (such as \\"warp drive\\" and the transporter beams).<br />2) None of the episodes explain why there wasn't a \\"technological singularity\\" or \\"informational singularity\\" within a few hundred years beyond the 20th century. These concepts haven't become popular until recent years (2000s) and TNG ended in 1994, so it's forgivable, but these concepts have been around for decades, especially since the Vernor Vinge piece in the January 1983 issue of Omni Magazine.<br /><br />My favorite episodes of TNG are The Nth Degree (Season 4), The Inner Light (Season 5) and All Good Things (Season 7).<br /><br />[My review used to mention how some of the episodes were missing sound effects on Amazon Instant Video, such as Season 5 Episode 14 \\"Conundrum\\", but that problem was fixed sometime in late 2013]
0920668372|4.0|When my son was four years old he asked his great-grandmother, who was in her 70's, to read this book to him.  I was in the next room and after several minutes I thought I heard my grandmother crying hysterically. I ran in the room to see what was wrong, only to find that she was LAUGHING.  She had gotten to the part where the mother in the book was crawling across the floor in her son's room, and my grandmother said this was the stupidest thing she'd ever seen!  I was shocked because I had always felt that this story was so sweet but sad, even having been moved to tears by it because as I read it to my son I would picture myself growing old and still wanting to hold him like a baby but knowing that one day I myself would, in a sense, be the baby - essentially, the cycle of life.  But, my grandmother had a completely different perspective on this book, and I can see how it is strange to her, but I still think it's a good book with a deeper meaning.
B004UXUUDA|4.0|Not far into Gilles Paquet-Brenner's \\"Sarah's Key,\\" Julia Jarmond (Kristin Scott-Thomas) shows her journalist colleagues a wall filled with pictures of French-Jewish children who were victims of the Holocaust. She tells them she wants to find the names and stories of those children, to show the world they were not just statistics. Soon enough, Julia uncovers the story of one child, Sarah Starzynski (Melusine Mayance), whose tragic life turns out to have uncomfortably close ties to Julia's own.<br /><br />Spanning two continents and more than 60 years of history, \\"Sarah's Key\\" is a moving story of the Holocaust and the repercussions it has for those who live today. By telling us the story of one abused girl, who is forced in the end to carry a burden of guilt beyond anyone's imagining, \\"Sarah's Key\\" demands that we face ourselves. Faced with innocent neighbors being hauled off to certain death, Julia asks, what would we have done? Would we have risked our own lives to protect them, or would we--like millions of Frenchmen--have stayed silent, or even taken an active role in the slaughter?<br /><br />\\"Sarah's Key\\" is as graceful and lyrical as any film about the Holocaust possibly can be. The acting is first-rate throughout, with a particularly moving, assured performance by young Mayance. Be sure to watch the \\"Making-Of\\" documentary in the Bonus section, which contains some sobering parts: the testimony of several extras who are actual Holocaust survivors, and of the actor who plays Sarah's father, who speaks of the tortures suffered by him and his family as ethnic Albanians in Kosovo.
1582701709|1.0|This book is kind of shallow and the format is so confusing.  It didn't help even a bit.  All the bits and pieces, I already know.  It doesn't give clear instructions on what should be done.  It is just a collage of famous phrases and thoughts from other people.
0060775858|5.0|This is a classic. My kids love this book and I enjoy reading it to them as well. They always laugh about the bowl full of mush :)
B005K17RU0|5.0|On the go, haven't seen the weather forecast for the day/week?!?  This is a great portable app for on the go forecasted weather especially when it's not apparent.  Gives reviews of extended day forecasts, news on the go, and
B0061S073A|3.0|Got kindle fires for the kids, great no parental controls, love this app needs to lock out a restart. But it keeps them out of any markets since amazon requires credit cards to even get free apps.
0316776963|5.0|I had read this book before so I knew how great it was but I knew I'd forgotten a lot of stuff. It was wonderful to get to read it again and have a lot of it still be new to me. It's really good in more ways than one. First, Sedaris is just a great writer. He really knows what he's doing and I really think this is one of his best. Second, it's just plain so funny to read. I was trying to skim some passages during breaks for an orchestra rehearsal and I was getting a little too much attention for laughing out loud during quiet moments. If you know you like David Sedaris, make sure you have this book. If you're not sure, buy this one first. It'll get you hooked for sure.
B005V1WZ10|5.0|Thia album is just great from the opening to the end I got the deluxe edition and its worth the few extra bucks the bonus songs r better the some of the few on the album, any way let me break them down.  Chaos lives in everything 5/5 great song and opening , kill mercy within 5/5 my wall 4/5 narissistic cannibal 5/5 illuminati 3/5 burn the obeidient 5/5 santuary 2/5 let's go 5/5 , get up 5/5 and fuels the comedy 5/5 and tension 5/5
B002ZTIILC|5.0|Can listen to her on repeat, ALL DAY! That's how amazing she is, talented and beautiful at the same time. Cant wait for 'Electra Heart' Her second album! The 3 parts on her youtube are just amazing, Im 100% positive that it will be better than the first wich is tough to say considering the fact that 'Family Jewels' was amazingly perfect. &lt;3
B003L1ZXCU|5.0|In short-- best sci-fi book I have read in a long time. I was lucky to have this recommended by a friend. Otherwise, I might never had heard about it.   Thank You Daniel Suarez!
0307595579|4.0|This is mainly a review for the physical appearance and design of the box set.   SHIPMENT:  The shipment was super fast. It only take a few days (under a week) and also arrived before the estimated arrival date so that was super. Given that I paid more in shipment than I paid for the books (approximately $46 for shipment), the swiftness was expected (I chose the faster International shipment to New Zealand because Christmas is coming and I am traveling in January so can't afford to take the risk with the next shipping option down)  BOOKS:  *GREAT*. They are good quality binding, with good quality cloth cover, papers and designs. Knopf and Everyman's Library (Random House) are two of my most favourite publishers for great, classical, old fashioned hardcover books.  I can only laugh (sorry) at those who stated in their reviews that these books appear cheap because they do not have those hideous slip paper covers, and because the pages are \\"not evenly cut\\". I wonder if those reviewers are from another world.   For those of you who are thinking of getting this box set, if this is for someone you know who really knows and loves books, don't worry about it, they will be thrilled. If this is for yourself, remember that these are \\"retro\\" hardcover books. If you are not a retro kind of person then these are not for you.  The only weariness I have is the potential cracking and peeling off of the pigment stamping on the cloth covers. I think I read somewhere here that someone had lost a bit of the pigment stamps on the spines of the books after they have been read a couple of times.  SLIP BOX:  There seem to be some structural design issue here. Reading other reviews I am not the only one receiving this box set with one of the top corner joint buckling and ripping. If this box set is not to be shrink wrapped and shipped all over the world, the small gap and space between the slip box and the books is a welcomed one, because some books are measured so tightly against their slipbox that taking them in and out can be a real pain, and in these instances, to take one book out of the slip box of the shelf one has to take the whole box out first. In this design however, you can simply slip one out of its slip box with ease, and the slip box will remain on the shelf nicely.   BUT....   When you shrink wrap and ship this box set all over the world, the joints of the slip box buckled and broke under the pressure of the shrink wrapping from the outside, and the lack of support from the inside due to that extra space allowed between the box and the books. I don't have the time to get an exchange and will write to Amazon now to sort something out. I know this is on sale. Still.   UPDATE: AMAZON was great in their immediate responses to my inquiries and swift in their actions. I have suggested that they might want to slip a bit of padding between the box and the books to prevent the damage from happening again. The problem will continue no matter what for as long as the the box is a bit larger than the books.  OVERALL:  WELL WORTH IT. Nice to look at. Nice to touch. And from what I have been hearing, a really good read. I enjoyed the first movie very much. But not too sure about the second with a change of director. I kept hearing that the book is much better. So I am really looking forward to these. Unlike some readers in the US, I think most readers I know do not find it too hard to read stories which took place in other people's countries, cultures, and societies, because we have to do so all the times. I can only hope the quality of the translation will not be disappointing.   I can highly recommend this box set. I will have to come back to comment on their content.
1401216676|5.0|Brian Bolland's artwork paired with Alan Moore's ingenious writing makes this book into a serious masterpiece.   This was one of the first Batman comics I bought and I will never regret that decision. It's an incredible story.   Any fan of Batman would love this.
B00475BUVM|5.0|I must say I really enjoyed this movie, for someone with at least 12 3D movies under his belt, it was full of action, and it held my attention thru the hold movie. I would put it up their with Pirates, I even enjoyed it more then Conan in 3D, the effects were good as the story itself.
B0047LQ6N8|5.0|From start to finish this record is incredible. You'll have these tunes stuck in your head in no time.    This is for fans of good ol' rock n' roll...but is certainly not limited to the \\"rockabilly forever\\" crowd by any means. However if names like Little Richard, Larry Williams, Bobby Bland, Bo Diddley, or Charlie Feathers, mean anything to you...you must, must buy this record.  The performances and the recordings of them are unlike 99.9% of what is coming out today.  It makes me believe in music again.    I'll also say that I've heard this on LP and mp3...and both sound great!
1419702238|1.0|This book and all the others in the series are probably the worst books I've ever attempted to read. I gave it a shot because my sister stupidly gave me one for Christmas (thinking that's the kind of stuff I like), but I regretted even trying. I had to sleep off the miserable headache and the stupidity that entered my brain after reading it.<br /><br />Honestly, this series might be okay for boys or girls in elementary school, but other than that, it's not worth anything. Captain Underpants is better than this.
0439023521|5.0|Phenomenal.  I'd heard it recommended, so I checked it out at the library before an appointment with friends, and started reading it right there.  Couldn't stop.  Didn't want to go meet my friends.  Read it while I walked to the car.  Read it at the stoplights on the way home.  Read five hours that night, until 3AM.  It's been a long time since I've read for five hours straight.<br /><br />It was page 48 before I even realized it was in the usually annoying present tense. I didn't notice the shocking number of unnecessary comma splices until page 60, but didn't care.<br /><br />Unusual premise.  Great world-building.  Breakneck pacing.  I'm not all that into action.  I often skim it.  But this kept me absolutely engrossed, despite its VERY violent and brutal premise.<br /><br />I teach GED.  I told my class about it and the next time we met (5 days later) one of my students walked in with a book in front of her face.  What book was it?  \\"Catching Fire,\\" the second in the series.  She'd already devoured the first.<br /><br />Thank you, Suzanne Collins.  You're amazing.
0307593312|4.0|I was attracted to this book through several reviews I had read and by the highly acclaimed author who wrote it. My worry was that it was a very long book, almost 1000 pages. For that many pages, the story better be extremely interesting.  Although I finished the book, I was right to be worried. It is about 300 pages too long.  The story is about people who are living together but in two different worlds, some in 1984 and some in 1Q84. The story has romance, science fiction, mystery, several murders, fringe religious groups and many natural and not so natural sexual encounters. I found one of the murders particularly graphic and unsettling. The story is broken up into three books. The third book is by far the best. It moves at a faster pace. The second book is the slowest. You could skip the second half of Book 2. A lot of the important events in Book One and Two are repeated in Book Three. The author describes the book as a metaphysical mind teaser, which it is. I found it both spiritually and philosophically stimulating.  The story is very interesting, although I found the science fiction aspect of it, bizarre. When the \\"little people\\" walked out of a dead goats mouth, I put the book down. Its length and bizarreness drove me away. But I came back. The two main characters, Tengo and Aomame, got inside me and I needed to find out what happened to them. The writing itself, although detailed and lengthy, is beautiful. If you read it, pay particular attention to the chapter where Tengo visits \\"cat town\\". Good luck.  If you can get to Book Three, you will be glad you read this novel.
0439023491|5.0|Great read!  Not quite as good as the first book, \\"The Hunger Games,\\" but still dramatic and page-turning and beautifully-imagined.  Dark and brutal like the first, I loved the development of Katniss and Peeta's relationship, and the complexities of politics that come up.  I also enjoy the horrible twist at the beginning, and the way contestants work together.  The ending left us hanging, very \\"Empire Strikes Back,\\" but I loved it so much I didn't mind.  I'm making myself wait to read \\"Mockingjay,\\" to prolong the enjoyment, but I could easily have read them back to back.  Suzanne Collins, you're amazing.  I didn't even mind the present tense.
B0001LYH98|2.0|I used to love Bowie and decide to see if I could love him again. I listened to a lot of his latter work on youtube and liked what I heard of Hours so I ordered this version of it but found it was a poorly made reproduction of the original. Many of the songs have been slowed down to the point that they sound out of tune. Yet when I listen to the same song, from the same album on Youtube, I like it and it isn't out of tune.   I don't know if this is a poorly made bootleg or what.
0307949486|4.0|The book was great.  I could have read it in Swedish and I'm pretty sure I would have still liked it.
0060873027|1.0|I have loved many of Michael Crichton's books. Jurassic Park is one of my favorites. I was happy to see this and purchased it with high hopes. All my hopes were dashed very quickly. As one reviewer stated, it's like Honey I Shrunk the Kids. So that's been done and done better! Certainly had potential- great opening but then...... Once the characters had shrunk, there was no consistency in their size. They were eaten by bugs, they were climbing trees, they could look way off into the distance, they had superpowers. It became ridiculous. Don't bother.
B00005JN8Z|5.0|I saw it many years ago, but with this remastered DVD, the movie have a spectacular quality. I recomend it.
B00007GZR5|4.0|The movie was darker than I remembered. It was still very imaginatve and appealing. I bought it for my sister and have not gotten her opinion yet.[[ASIN:B00007GZR5 What Dreams May Come]]
B000WMFZMY|5.0|My dad tell me many years ago about this movie but I never was interested in it, well I bought it to see why my dad insisted me, now I'm very pleased with it, because is a wonderful movie. I recomend it.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Well worth .99 engaging and soothing at the same time. Lovely soundtrack. Many levels to work through as well. Just get it already you wont regret it!
B0064X7FVE|5.0|This app is awesome.  I can get the weather info I need with out waiting for my local news to give it to me.  Love the set up its easy to use.  Really love the video and the social part so I can see the pictures and videos others have uploaded in my area!
B00542USJW|5.0|It's been so long since I had seen this movie and I really enjoyed watching it after all this time. As for the Blu Ray presentation it was just OK! But all in all it's an awesome edition to my Blu collection.
B005HSG3U6|5.0|I was surprised to discover that the white cover can be cleaned with a regular pencil eraser.  I used other cleaners and they didn't work.  I was experimenting one day with a soft pencil eraser and was amazed at how well it took the black smudges off my white cover. Maybe it could be included in the product description.
B005EVVPUE|5.0|Perfect! Nothing else really needs to be said. It's Queen at there finist. A must buy for any Queen fan.
B000Q7ZO8U|5.0|The Polar Express is one of the best movies to watch in any given occasion, and mainly in Christmas season. The developing of the story has a mix flavor of fantasy and reality. Kids love this kind of movies.
B004LROUNG|2.0|a $ more for a book sent to mexico  of course free wispernet delivery is included  understand netfliks is hiring
B004RJZA1E|4.0|Ordered this CD after hearing a couple of Youtube tracks.  Generally excellent - but for me (rather an older rocker) spoiled by the \\"growling\\".  Makes as much sense as having a \\"growl\\" on an Abba track.  Terrific music, superb vocals - and then....  If I could get another copy of this cd without the \\"growl\\" I would order it today and junk this one.  Until that happens then i'll just FF through the offensive bids.  If you are into that sort of music (and I really think the rest of the CD would not appeal to you) then go for it and enjoy.  80% of this CD is truly excellent.
1451648537|4.0|Steve Jobs isn't a man who likes publicity or modesty. His investors didn't even know he had cancer or a transplant until long after both were realities. All the more reason to grab this book. It's not a masterpiece, and it's too long. But Jobs participated and shared views he previously kept to himself. That makes it worthwhile.
1451626657|5.0|Being the 900+ review I'll keep it short because it's all been said. I read this book as a teenager and read it again twenty+ years later tinking it would probably be naff and dated - it wasn't. It was just as good as I remembered. The writer's voice is what sets it apart and his views on the quiky situations he finds himself in throughout his army life are still fresh and very funny.
B0021L8V0M|5.0|THIS ACTION PACKED THRILLER WILL KEEP YOU ON THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT FROM START TO FINISH!!!  ANGELINA JOLIE PORTRAYS EVELYN SALT, A CIA OPERATIVE WHO CAN OUT RUN, OUT SMART, AND OVER POWER ANY MALE SUPERIOR OR MALE ENEMY THAT GETS IN HER WAY!!!  SHE IS STRONG, TOUGH, AND DETERMINED TO FIGHT TO THE BITTER END. EVELYN SALT IS A WOMAN WHO CAN DO ANYTHING THAT A MAN CAN DO IN ORDER TO FIND JUSTICE.  AN EXCELLENT MOVIE THAT WILL NOT DISAPPOINT. THIS MOVIE IS IN A CLASS ALL BY ITSELF!!!  CONGRATULATIONS TO ANGELINA JOLIE FOR HER OUTSTANDING PERFORMANCE IN THIS ONE OF A KIND MOVIE!!!
0439023483|5.0|I loved this book and it was shipped immediately and arrived in mint condition. I was very satisfied and would order from them again.
B005UT29Z0|3.0|I worked on Wall Street in the 1980s, and still enjoy a well done financial drama. I thought the acting was good overall...Kevin Spacey was excellent in his role as the head of a Wall Street fixed income trading floor.  But two things really bugged me. These characters were so honest - I can tell you from experience that is NOT realistic. Secondly, the ethereal, vague explanations of the mortgage backed securities and the ambient market conditions that were causing such a fallout -- were they purposely that way because the audience wouldn't understand more details? I found that insulting.
0316098329|5.0|A wonderful and moving story that shows what a mother will do to protect her child.  This mother managed to keep her child busy and occupied in a small space for years.  Amazing!!
B0063IH60K|4.0|Flawless game play, clean interface, plenty if options. An excellent implementation of solitaire. If you enjoy playing solitaire, this is the game for you.
B000TM1CL0|5.0|I love Shark!!!! Its the best season ever!!!! I love watching court and this just makes it even better. The funny comments are hilarious, and the characters are lovely! Whenever theres a marathon on...I'm ssoooo there! I reccommend that you buy! A good deal!!!!! :)
B0050QV0RQ|4.0|I'm not a game player by nature, esp fighting games.  But after playing their follow up game \\"Eve of Genesis\\" first when it was a FAOTD, and really enjoying that, I came back to this one.  Just as much fun.  I look forward to future titles from this developer and would pay full price for titles.
B002SJKWZ4|5.0|I bought this wand remote as an 'open-box' order indirectly through a company on Amazon. and could not get my cable box remote to program the 'channel up' feature with any programmed gesture. I tried resetting the wand to no avail. I e-mailed the Wand Company and had a very pleasant experience with returning the faulty wand for a new one. It turns out that my cable box remote will not set the 'channel up' feature to the brand new wand that was sent to me, but at least I was able to figure this out at no additional cost to me. Dealing with the company was favorable; responses were prompt and sincere, and I appreciate the effort on their behalf to get the wand working properly.
1451627289|5.0|Time Travel. Yes.  Kennedy lore. Yes.  Oswald.  Of Course.  60's atmosphere.  Great fun.  Yes. But at its core an extraordinary love story that will linger longer than your kindle.
B0058VW36U|5.0|One of the only games on Android I've been very happy to purchase.  Well designed, well written and very engaging.  Even though I finished it pretty quickly, I find myself starting it over again and again as I wait for new levels to come out.  At $0.99, it's a no-brainer.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|I did not buy on amazon I bought at another store for $150.00, worth every penny. Im a A1 audio engineer for a A/V company im very picky about great sounding audio products, and these headphones blow my mind. The bass response is amazing, high frequency's are great too. Surround sound is mind blowing, nothing bad to say, If you have a bitchy wife or neighbors in your apartment building that complain about to loud of noise from gaming purchase these to shut them up, you wont be disappointed.
B0040T7CFS|5.0|I'm not a Bach afficionado, nor an expert on Classical music, but I have played it and listened to it for many, many years now.  For its value alone, and surprising recording quality for the money, this is a pickup for anyone interested in Bach, Bach, Bach.  My only complaints (excluding a general dislike for the sound of the harpsichord) are few.  Some of the harpsichords had a chonky, out-of-tune sound, and the alto(?)/countertenor(?) chosen for the Sacred Cantatas wasn't my cup of tea.  The tone was a little foghorn, and the range was extended further towards the break than what would have been a normal stopping point.  I would have preferred a female voice, or a countertenor more capable of switching between his gears.  I think the only reason not to buy this, is if you are a fan of the Cantatas, and don't want to listen to that person.  I would go into more detail, but there are so many people so much more informed than myself on Bach, that I will leave the specifics to them.  I am going to pick up the Brilliant Classics' set of Mozart, and would recommend anything of theirs for the value alone.  If money is no object to you, then pick up individual CDs of each particular piece.
B000ATQYT2|5.0|Great version of A Christmas Carol, especially if you like the muppets.  As with any muppet movie, filled with good humor.  I recommend to anyone.
B0058EBNAO|1.0|I  don't care how fast you sped up the maps with the last update because you sacrificed all your map quality for speed. This was the best weather app on the market. Now I have to use another radar like Weatherbug because it's so much better than yours.
B0052TDGQO|5.0|Scotty is a seriously talented singer and a great pleasure to listen to. So many artist's albums have only one or two songs that you really like, but every song Scotty sings on this album is a winner.  He's a fine young man with a beautiful voice.  Here's to you, Scotty.  Well done!
B002I9Z8I0|5.0|A delightful surprise x 2.  The films, with actors, acting, stories and effects stand the test of time.  The studio did a wonderful job restoring them / supplementing the effects with newer effects when deemed appropriate.  Highly recommended.  I purchased the non-BD version.  It plays well with upscaling.  I would be tempted to purchase the BD version, assuming that the studio did an equally impressive job on producing the higher priced BD series as well, (but I do not know that for sure).
B002PMV9FG|5.0|This is by far one of my favourite Harry Potter movies, and I am very sorry to see it is so underestimated by fans just because \\"they cut too much\\" from the book. Certainly what wasn't cut is that special atmosphere that's the spirit of the book, an atmosphere I enjoy everytime I watch this film again. Here you will find tenderness, mistery, fear and tragedy, all this, in the best acting performances of the whole series.
B002HWRYJE|3.0|The special effects are wonderful.  The lead actors, story were so so.  Good clean fun for the whole family.  No one will be offended.  Americana, Americana, Americana, safe, safe, safe decisions by the studio.  Who could be offended.  I certainly was not offended.  I hope that the other viewers were not offended.
0062073486|5.0|This is without doubt the best Agatha Christie book, easily one of the best detective stories ever written. Intriguing, evil, suspenceful, with interesting and well drawn characters. Read it and you will fall in love with this wonderful author of great puzzles...
B00012FXB8|5.0|I must confess that my appraisal of Alien 3 (at the time of release) was the same as many....What a dude!...over the years and over several watches I have come to terms that it is on par with the others.....Alien 4 is probably the worst of the set, however, even it has its merits after several views....the extended version of Alien 3 fleshes out some of the beginning of the movie...David Fincher deserves more credit than he was given......he actually did create a very good movie....give it a try again IF you were a disbeliever as I was.....you may find you were wrong....I would say watch the extended version to really make your judgment......I enjoy the entire collection on blu-ray these days....
B005Z271Y6|5.0|I'm starting with the sound quality and I have a lot maybe 50 concerts on Blu Ray but the sound on this one Is my absolute favorite. So far. Now the picture quality of the Blu Ray Is also stunning and nothing less than dazzling. The Concert Itself made me fall In love with many other songs I had heard on the CD's but she so much better live , I must say I never seen anyone top the production of the CD live AND Live are never of the quality of the CD.  Well I'm here to tell you she actually better live. And she a little sweetheart live and humble. I guess they like to use the F word a lot In England because she does several times and at The Royal Albert Hall.  Regardless this Concert is worth every penny of $21. In Blu Ray. I bet the sound Is good on the DVD too. Also you get a CD copy of the concert to download Into Intunes or what ever you use.  If you like or love Adele already be prepared to be blown away, seriously!  It Is a 5 star with no hesitation from me and that not an easy feat. Enjoy Everyone.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|This is my first headset, and I really didn't NEED it, but am glad I got it.  Sound quality is superb and microphone works perfectly.  I also liked the individual controls for volume and chat.  Friends complain about the cord but it didn't bother me.  Plenty long enough for it's purpose and didn't get in the way, even when the dog is walking all over it.  Plus its about $25 cheaper here than local stores.
B00005T7I1|5.0|I remember the summer of 1990. The movie studios had given me my first taste of what a summer of movies was like the year before with Tim Burton's BATMAN. So, in 1990 they had a lot to live up to. They didn't let me down with DICK TRACY. It was everywhere that summer. DICK TRACY MANIA! ANd it was beautiful, just like the film. They had contests, t-shirts standing in for movie ticket stubs that read \\"I was there first\\" for an early screening that started all over the country at 12:01 a.m. June 15. It was great! I did not get to see it opening day, but my dad did take my brother and I on that opening weekend. Director/star Warren Beatty (BULWORTH, REDS, BONNIE & CLYDE) plays thew title role along with Al Pacino (ANY GIVEN SUNDAY, THE GODFATHER 2 & 3, SCARFACE) as chief baddie Big Boy Caprice in all his evil goodness. Pacino is hilarious. The film also stars Madonna (EVITA, SWEPT AWAY, BODY OF EVIDENCE) as Breathless Mahoney and she has never looked so beautiful. The film has a wide variety of excellent villans FLATTOP, MUMBLES, PRUNEFACE, LIPS MANLIS, ITCHY, JOHNNY RAM and many, many others. A wild, visually stunning, fun and breathtaking thrill ride that delivers everything you could ask for in a fun summer movie experience. A+
B00650SSWG|4.0|Mila kunis was so refreshing to watch.  I hope she does more romantic comedies.  I rarely find myself laughing out loud but there were some funny parts.  JT's character trying to pee after ... was hilarious.  Overall, this movie had a similar feel to No strings attached but I thought this was better -- it was funnier, the characters had more depth, and the banter between the two characters was more entertaining.
0060873027|4.0|OK, I understand the mixed reviews.  There were a couple of times where the writers could have done a little better.  All in all it was a fun book to read, quick read.
B0068TJLSY|1.0|I usually like work from JJ Abrams (Star Trek, LOST), but this movie was REALLY disappointing.  My husband and I rented thinking, oh the reviews are good so let's give it a try.  The plot, the characters, the beginning, the middle, the ending --- all of it was extremely boring.  I would've stopped watching it after first 15 minutes, but I figured I'd see what the good ratings were about.  One of the worst I've rented this year.
B005KDWUFA|5.0|Once again you have been great with everything. Never in my life have I worked with such a great company
B000N4SHOE|5.0|This movie is so charming, delightful, and utterly enjoyable.  Renee is absolutely brilliant in this movie.  Ewan is good too, but Renee makes this movie her own.  I loved it so much, I bought it for my parents.  They had no interest in watching it but when they finally did, they watched it again and again.
081541028X|1.0|In the Press Conference just after coming back from the Moon, Michael Collins said, \\"I don't remember seeing any\\" (Stars).<br /><br />Later in his book \\"Carrying the Fire\\", he says that he did see Stars.  Which is it Michael, Stars or No Stars? One way or another he is Wrong.<br />I won't be reading a Book Of Lies from Michael Collins.<br /><br />Of course, seeing No Stars then seeing Stars means, we DIDN'T GO TO THE MOON.<br /><br />There is proof of Mr. Collins on Video, saying, He Did Not See Stars,<br />then in Print saying He Did See Stars.
B006FLGBGA|5.0|This has to be one of my favorites of 2011.  I was expecting to see some action pact and special effects pact movie and that is it.  I got that plus a great story line, solid acting, and some interesting twists.  I love when the ape first speaks.  Definitely worth seeing twice.
B005N95JA4|3.0|In my Opinion as a Rolling Stones fan Since i was 10 years, this Edition doesen't worth because is expensive and the bonus cd is almost good, the case is simple without extra photos and should be like a mini lp edition...so the next time i'll think twice before buy \\" A Deluxe Edition\\"
B0050PYNP8|5.0|The dvd came on time and in new condition as stated. I saw this movie at the movies and it was very funny. not a good idea for children though. The language is for adults.
159514188X|5.0|Thirteen Reasons Why is an emotional story like no other book I have ever read heard. I first read it before I was a blogger and recently acquired an audiobook book version of it. The book on it's own merits is great, but listening to the emotion behind the words elevated it to one of my favorite books ever and definitely my favorite audiobook.<br /><br />It has a powerful message as well, about how something so small and insignificant to you can impact others lives in ways you could never understand or imagine. Sometimes these book can come off sounding preachy, but not once did I get that vibe from this book. The emotions were genuine.<br /><br />This book is about many things: growing up, being mature, thinking of others, missed opportunities and so much more. I HIGHLY recommend and once you start you are going to want to stay reading, or in my case sitting in your car listening, until you are done.<br />My Review in a Tweet:<br /><br />I don't need to tell you 13 Reasons Why I love this book, but I could. One of my favorite books ever!!
0375851569|5.0|Items came on time and in new condition. My nieces little girl loves Dr Seuss stories and I'm sure she will love these books as much as I did when I was a little kid.
1400052181|5.0|if we sell our cells, than the scientists can't afford to test and learn since its expensive. but if we don't have control over our cells, than the case that its the one that can be a supercell, than someone else profits from it,and eventfully become a gazillionaire..so where is the middle. ..must learn from this book. can someone make a clause where if its a supercell, than the owner is intitle to the rights and profits???
B005D0RDIE|5.0|Rush is back with a video from the last tour. The band continues to perform at a level that most other bands can only dream about. The video quality is high (although there is some digital distortion from time to time) and they tried to shoot from different perspectives than previous concert videos. So there are some refreshing shots. The sound is excellent (as one would expect).  The video is a snap shot of this particular tour, and by its nature some of the songs have appeared in every other Rush concert video. My favorite songs are those that they pulled out of the vault or changed around some.  The hits (while performed well) have been released too many times. I'd tell them to pull out a few more songs from the vault and leave the hits off the next one.  As much as I love the songs, how many times do I need to see Tom Sawyer or Limelight live?  The bands video skits are comical and it is nice to know that they do not take themselves too seriously. The back ground video of the chimps playing Tom Sawyer and the polka Spirit of Radio makes this worth owning.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|This is part of a christmas present, so the movies have not been seen yet. However, in accordance to delivery... Very fast! Product is in original package! Great service!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|easy to navigate. great search capability. more translations than you could hope for. to get a fifth star from me, needs to allow editing of starting and ending dates in the app, and allow offline access to reading plans.
B004HW7JMO|1.0|The video is ok, production values excellent. Still it comes to nothing when the glue that is at the bottom of the package sleeve leaked  onto one edge of disk #1 ruining it. I ended up throwing the set out, since disk #2 is very short and mostly taken up with extras. If you order this title, be sure to remove it asap from its original packaging.
B005AUWXZ0|4.0|The 3D version of Cars 2 is a delight to watch!  The colors, the 3D effects and the sharpness of the animation all come to life in this magnificent version.  Although the plot of the movie focuses more on the the tow truck and has a heavy 'clean-energy' bias, I believe that the quality of the visuals far outweighs the relative weakness of the plot.  Five bright stars for the 3D animation quality, but 3 stars for the plot.
B005ARYEPK|5.0|Got it in a timely manner. Enjoyed watching it and comparing it to the new 2011 version. They were both good.
B0061IMJBI|3.0|The first season was so good I figured that I'd watch the second... very disappointed though. Barely anyone dies anymore and the plot is turning mainstream, come on people, it's a ZOMBIE series... it's almost campy at times. It's not bad, but there are MUCH better shows out there. Hopefully they kick it up a notch for the second half of the season, or else I'm totally writing this one off.
B003EYVXUU|5.0|I bought this Blu-Ray on Black Friday for $8.99. I love Amazon's prices for blu-rays! It's the only place worth buying Blu-Ray's from.
1908117230|2.0|I have been baking macarons for a few months now. I was excited to see that the Herme book would be available for the English market. First of all you must know that Herme uses the Italian method in making his macarons. No French, no Swiss. I don't particularly like handling boiling sugar, so this was a big disappointment to me. I prefer the French method which requires no soft ball stage boiling of sugar to make a meringue. Temperatures are in metric units, which doesn't bother me, but may bother some people. I have become accustomed to measuring in grams. There is no way around it in this precise art form.<br /><br />This book is targeted toward those already familiar with baking macarons. It offers no trouble shooting guide. You are on your own if things don't turn out quite like the beautiful pictures in the book. The ingredients used in the recipes can be quite exotic to America. The resource guide in the back of the book provides names and websites of suppliers, but most are in the UK or France.  The recipes produce impractical quantities of macarons. 144 shells = 72 macarons?  That is 6 dozen macarons per batch!  Be prepared to make only 1/2 or 1/3 the recipe. You don't want 6 dozen macarons that you decide you or no one else likes.<br /><br />It's a beautiful book given its pictures. It can spark your imagination in producing your own recipes. However, this book is not practical for the novice. In addition, it has not been properly translated for use in the US market.<br /><br />If you are looking for a book to begin your journey into the world of macarons, I recommend Les Petits Macarons by Gordon and McBride.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Enjoy playing spider solitaire daily.  Priced at free is good too! Easy to play and graphics are clear and sharp, easy to see.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|This is a really fun game, but the Android version is completely neglected by the developers. We get none of the fun updates that iPhone gets. I'm one starring this to draw attention to the problem.
0060873027|4.0|I still remember finishing Jurassic Park as a sixth grader. Though it later became known as a popcorn movie, the book juxtaposed a highly original concept with an entertaining plot. Even if the Michael Chrichton did not write most of [[ASIN:0060873027 Micro: A Novel]], his imagination comes through co-author Richard Preston's rollercoaster fast prose. With the help of new piece of technology called a tensor generator, anything can be shrunk down to the size of half a centimeter. A group of graduate students is inadvertently shrunk and forced to survive in a Hawaiian micro-world--fending off insects, spiders, bats, and parasites. All the stock characters are present. A mad scientist with a small army of cronies. Hopeless idealist who manages to come through in the end. Killer robots do battle with brainy scholars. Chrichton's last work will win no awards, but for readers who want to get lost inside a novel, Micro will do just fine.
007174889X|5.0|Harrison's is a great line of books, and now they have partnered with other companies to provide robust ebook data. Here is information on it    \\"For readers who wish to continue using Harrison's in a single volume format, we are pleased to offer two new eBook versions of the 18th edition: a traditional eBook, with text and illustrations from the new edition included for reading on a portable e-reader or on a desktop, and an enhanced eBook developed especially for new tablet devices (e.g., iPad, Galaxy, Playbook, Nook) that offer high-definition resolution of multimedia content and interactive features. The Harrison's 18th edition enhanced eBook will contain extensive embedded video footage, including all of the new clinical procedural videos; the wonderful neurologic examination videos from Samuels and Lowenstein; examples of cardiovascular imaging and assessment; and high-resolution versions of more than 2000 color images from the book and the Harrison's atlases on the companion DVD. Along with other social media features, the enhanced eBook offers users the opportunity to take and share notes from lectures and their own reading. Additional resources include Harrison's Online, a continuously updated electronic resource that highlights and summarizes newly published articles on significant medical findings and advances. Harrison's Self-Assessment and Board Review, a useful study guide for board review based on information in the 18th edition, will soon be produced. Harrison's Manual of Medicine, a pocket version of Harrison's Principles of Internal Medicine, is available in both print and electronic formats. \\"    [...]
B00008BXJG|5.0|Highway to Hell was the top pick of bands everywhere in the eighties scene to imitate for their image. No one did not have \\"High to Hell\\". It was the band's ticket to a glorious career of super stardom that catapulted them to come out and bring out other classic albums that still hold r,ecords for various charachteristics, not to mention the band being honored in the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame with Angus Young, named by some experts, as quite possibly, if not the best lead guitar player on the international circuit. Their fame came with years of hard tedious work, and always wowing the crowds with their superier performances and even after well over thirtiy years of tours AC / DC appeal still draws yet a new generation of fans, that have barely got out of kindergarten! It seems ultimately nothing can stop these guys from taking the gold, and playing their hearts out on a whim to an enthusiastic, (always) global stage!
B0002NRRAG|5.0|I heard a few cuts off this CD when I was at a friends house and asked, \\"Who is this singing?\\" And the answer was, Madeleine Peyroux, who I had never heard of. I bought the CD hoping the rest was as good as what I had heard, and I was not disappointed. This is now one of my favorites! Smooth, sexy, romantic.....just so very nice.....
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Easy to organize via notebooks and tags. Decent text formatting options. Works great on kindle fire. But the 45 bucks annually in order to access and edit offline is a bit steep. But my employer pays for it and offline access is very handy.
B004N7WJF0|5.0|Acoustica was exactly what I expected.  A wonderful DVD of the live concert.  Quality was excellent.  DVD was shipped really fast and arrived in great condition. When I ordered Acoustica, I thought it was a recording of concert songs and not a DVD of the whole concert. A pleasant surprise. I would recommmend this DVD to any Scorpion lover or anyone who enjoys Rock.
B0043URV5U|5.0|ULTIMATE HITS: ROCK & ROLL NEVER FORGETS is the encapsulation of where Bob Seger has been, where he is now, and where he may be going musically.The songs range in vintage from the original 1969 version of \\"Ramblin' Gamblin' Man\\" to his 2011 version of Tom Waits' \\"Downtown Train.\\" There are some hits, such as \\"Even Now\\", missing, but we couldn't expect EVERY hit from a man who's had so many, especially when there were so many great album tracks to choose as well. This set belongs in ANY serious music collection.
B0028RXXFC|5.0|Rome - One of the best TV series ever made. Very historically accurate with great actors and story line.  Great add to my video library.
B000002GYN|5.0|The Eagles' self-titled debut album is great. The songwriting and vocals are distributed fairly evenly, except for Don Henley, who only gets one song here, while two songs are by Jackson Browne and one by Jack Tempchin. The Eagles got better after they made the influence of the Allman Brothers Band's \\"Ramblin' Man\\", \\"Southbound\\", and \\"Jessica\\" their own starting on ON THE BORDER and, especially, ONE OF THESE NIGHTS, but this album is where it all began.
B006C45MRE|4.0|Cowboys take on Aliens in action packed movie.  Great story line never attempted before and done extremely well.  Strength of character shines from many of the actors and especially to 2 leading men and Olivia.
B004NDVK1I|5.0|IRISH TOUR 74 was a great live album by Rory Gallagher, ranking with CALLING CARD and TATTOO as one of his top three. It was recorded in such places as Cork, Dublin, and Belfast, the latter a place where few artists dared perform at that time due to the Irish Republican Army fighting with British troops there. However, Gallagher did the tour, and the result is one of the most criminally-overlooked live albums of all time.
B005CMSDKA|5.0|Hanna - I really liked this movie.  It has a unique story line and 2 powerful feman leads.  Lots of action and a very good ending.
B003I87O2I|5.0|Don't listen to Jeff M.'s negative review about Foreigner's new CD CAN'T SLOW DOWN, as it's an excellent argument against the idea of a federal shield law for journalists. Despite the fact that guitarist Mick Jones is the only original member left, it's clear that these guys really have a great feel for what made Foreigner special. This CD, except for a few songs, doesn't sound great when cranked up to \\"11\\", but that's not a bad thing, as it shows that the music has been put first here.  There are more ballads here than I'd have liked, but they keep the pacing even.
1451627289|5.0|This is truly a masterpiece.  Anyone who lived during the 1960's will see reflections of themselves and those who were born later, will gain a peek into the past.  Having grown up in Maine and then relocating to Sarasota, Florida I found its references to certain places that I was familiar with almost haunting with memories of my own life in both cultures.  Stephen King has taken an abstract premise and woven it together into a wonderfully touching, inspiring and totally believable piece of fiction.
B003W77SAS|5.0|DISCOVERY was the last great album Electric Light Orchestra did before showing how far they could fall by collaborating on the soundtrack to XANADU with Olivia Newton-John. This album shows the band bringing in a disco influence, most noticeable on the opening \\"Shine A Little Love\\", and subtly so elsewhere on the album. However, rather than being a crass grab for a place in the pop marketplace, the disco sounds here show a band who actually wanted to try new things instead of making another \\"Fire On High.\\" Even though doing an interpretive dance to \\"Fire On High\\" helped me look good for the young women from BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER, it would have been counterproductive to insist that ELO continue in that progressive/art-rock direction rather than changing with the times. As good As \\"Fire On High\\" was to me, it only represented one of many sides of this great band, which had a chance to truly indulge their talents here.
B00004XPPC|4.0|You should show processing and handling fees on to price of item before it is to  be purchased. For future purchases of movies I would want the DVD format to be  in full screen not wide screen.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|THE VAMPIRE DIARIES ARE GREAT I ALSO HAVE ALL THE BOOK THEY ARE AWESOME.I HAVE REALLEY ENJOYED WATCHING THEM AND READING THE BOOK AS WELL.
B0063GORYU|4.0|my title says it all. easy to play, challenging to win. I only use two suits, not ready for more.
B003L77GH4|5.0|I HAVE REALY ENJOYED THE VAMPIRE DIARIES. GLAD I BOUGHT THEM. I HAVE ALL THE BOOKS AND THEY ARE GREAT TO.
B004LROMQG|5.0|I absolutely love this series. There is just the right amount of humor and action and mistery.  I have loaned my season 1 and 2 to my brother in law and his kids watch it all the time he said. I hope it keeps going on for many more seasons.
B001HXG8PK|4.0|Love the Dark Night love the music Zimmer is one of the best  and Nolan is outstanding - Batman Returns was just as good maybe even better.  Cant wait for the third installment this summer.  Should be special but alas that might be the end on Nolan's Batman
B004LROMSO|4.0|I didn't like this movie at first but I think it's because it came on the week after the series Merlin ended. I love Merlin so much and Camelot didn't settle with me at first. It was so different. But I gave it another week and it defenetly grew on me, and I ended up liking it and will sure watch the next season.
B0063GORYU|4.0|good movement and interface. the auto move function makes playing quick. the timer is fun to see how much time you waste.
B00002N9ER|2.0|I was using these to hold my flashlight in my car, and they broke. Just in the course of usage, not in a car wreck or anything. I was using them to hold the light horizontally, so maybe a vertical position mounted on a wall would work better, but even for that I would rather make something myself than buy these.
B002361MLA|5.0|Very rarely can one say that the reading of a particular book has changed their lives.  Yet after reading 'There Power Of Now' by Eckhart Tolle, my life was transformed in that I can now see a more healthier, peaceful and fun way to interact with the world and life.  The knowledge within this book has certainly enabled me to relax more and not be so stressed.    Though I will confess that the teachings within this book didn't initially dawn on me until a year or so into reading it.  You read correctly, it took me about a year and a bit to actually read this book.  The reason why it took so long was because on reading the first chapter, I thought I'd got it and so didn't bother reading the rest of the book.  Yet as the year went by, questions in my mind began to pop up and in the end, the intial teaching in this book got lost to me.  Yet in the reading of the rest of the chapters, the truth and simplicity of the teachings in this book struck me.  I don't mean to sound to preachey but I honestly believe that the lessons within this book should be taught to children as part of the education system as well as any adult employed or self-employed.  The implications of such will lead to a much more awake and aware society.  [[ASIN:B005OKJO8K Beat The Bully: A Guide To Dealing With Adult Bullying]]
B0052UZIFA|3.0|I like the game, but it often freezes before I can complete a level. I have to kill it and start again. The game is not really playable like this.
0811879631|5.0|The item it is in perfect shape, brand new and most important arrived on time.<br />It was a prefect buying experience.<br />Thanks!
B0052UZIFA|3.0|I enjoyed this game on my old phone, but it constantly freezes on the galaxy nexus and loses game state. Please update for ICS!
B004A8ZX28|5.0|This is a great film.  Neeson plays a man who goes to Berlin with his wife, gets in a car accident, lapses into a coma, and when he emerges he finds that someone else has seamlessly taken his place.  His wife doesn't recognize him, the upstart has not only ID but intimate details and photos of his past, and nothing makes sense.  After that, it's a whodunit--or who is it--in Hitchcockian mode, with lots of car-chases, car-smashes, double-reverses, and hair-breadth escapes in the Bourne Identity manner.  The acting is great.  I have never been a fan of Liam Neeson (he always overacts or underacts just at the wrong moment), but here he is great.  You can see every emotion on his face and in his gestures: shock, confusion, bitterness, fear, hopelessness, rage, guilt, remorse, etc.  January Jones is a little stiff at first, but quickly gets better.  Ditto Aidan Quinn.  And Diane Kruger and Bruno Ganz steal the show.    The plot is convoluted and makes hardly any sense, but is great fun.  And the timing is superb.  You really don't have a clue what's going on till very near the end, and even then it's hard to tell what will happen.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|This cover is a must have for the kindle fire....easier to hold kindle fire with cover.  It can also be set up to stand kindle fire on its side
B004EPYZPS|5.0|amazing film from an amazing director. jj abrams has done it yet again with his phenomenal throwback to an eric of great sci fi
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Sync your notes between all your devices and computers seamlessly. This app leverages the cloud to keep all your notes accessible.and up to date. highly recommended.
0062101897|4.0|For those who are fresh from a trip to the Harry Potter exhibition or for those looking for a primer before going or simply for those who love the movies and want a great souvenir to dip in to from time to time, this book is a great addition to the Potter lexicon.
B0063T12RM|5.0|W 1985 roku Wim Wenders zobaczy' w Wenecji po raz pierwszy jedno z przedstawie' Tanztheater Wuppertal. Teatru okre'lajacego kierunek wsp&oacute;lczesnego tanca baletowego a prowadzonego przez niemieck' tancerk', choreografa i jednocze'nie dyrektora baletu, Pin' Bausch. Nast'pnego dnia bed'c zauroczony magi' i sil' przekazu tego artystycznego medium osobi'cie poznal slynn' tancerk', i wsp&oacute;lnie podj'li oni wyzwanie nakr'cenia filmu w kt&oacute;rym Pina mia'a przedstawi' cztery kr&oacute;tkie utwory baletowe. Ale dopiero po dwudziestu latach Wenders wpad' na pomys' w jaki spos&oacute;b chcia'by zralizowa' ten film. Eurek' tw&oacute;rcz' byl dla niego jeden z pierwszych film&oacute;w nakr'conych w nowej formie wizualnej, U2 - 3D.<br />Niestety kiedy wreszcie byl gotowy ruszy' z projektem, zmar'a Pina. Wenders postanowil wi'c nakr'cic film wraz z oddan' tej charyzmatycznej choreograf grupie jej Tanztheater, skladaj'cej si' z wybranych osobi'cie przez Pine tancerzy, w r&oacute;'nym wieku i o wieloetnicznym pochodzeniu.<br />Nowy film Wendersa -\\"Pina\\"- nie tylko iluminuje wspomniane cztery przedstawienia baletowe (oddane w skr&oacute;cie na potrzeby filmu), ale dodatkowo wplata pomi'dzy cz'sci tych utwor&oacute;w esencjalne wspomnienia tancerzy dotycz'ce ich bylej szefowej. Wenders zaskakuje nas (i pono' samych tancerzy) niespotykanymi plenerami w kt&oacute;rych filmowane byly te s'owne lub ruchowe reminescencje. Film zyskuje zupelnie nowego wymiaru poprzez u'ycie techniki 3D, gdy' dodaje \\"tchnienia przestrzeni\\" - elemententu kt&oacute;rego re'yser szuka' przez dwadzie'cia lat. Podejrzewam 'e film bedzie nominowany do wielu nagr&oacute;d; czy Oscara? Mam tak' nadziej'.<br /><br />Po projekcji filmu (zreszt' z przygodami, i po dodatkowym dwu-godzinnym op&oacute;znieniu) Wenders po'wieci' ujmuj'co du'o czasu opowiadaj'c histori' jego znajomo'ci z Pina i odpowidaj'c na pytania widz&oacute;w. Ustawi'em sie w kolejce aby jemu osobiscie podziekowac, ale Wenders niebawem zakr'cil p'aszczem i dal nog' do sali obok, gdzie ko'czy'a si' dodatkowa projekcja jego filmu.<br /><br />Hotel Detectiveive
B004H1V5RU|4.0|Bought this one for my 5 yr old son, but did realize there are different levels. This one is the hardest. My son wanted this one because of the colors. He likes it but it is really hard. We are giving him the \\"rookie\\" one for Christmas.
B0059XTUMC|5.0|George Valentin (Jean Dujardin - nagroda Najlepszego Aktora w Cannes), gwiazda kina niemego, przypadkowo spotyka m'od' i urocz' statystk', Peppy Miller (Berenice Bejo). Szarmancki gwiazdor pomaga dziewczynie w jej Hollywodzkiej karierze, nie'wiadomy nadchodz'cego zamieszania w jego zyciu.<br /><br />The Artist, film nakr'cony przez Michaela Hazanaviciusa (znanego gl&oacute;wnie jako re'yser komedii szpiegowskich OSS 117: Lost in Rio oraz OSS 117: Cairo Nest of Spies), jest nie tylko od' milosn' dla ery kina niemego ale jednocze'nie ho'dem oddanym samemu filmowi jako jednemu ze 'rodk&oacute;w artystycznych. Film ten - nakr'cony w konwencji kina niemego oraz na terenie studi&oacute;w gdzie powsta'y znane nam klasyki tamtej ery - znakomicie ujmuje atmosfer' przemian jakie zachodzi'y w kinematografii pod koniec tamtej epoki; podobnej transformacji kt&oacute;rej podlega wsp&oacute;lczesna sztuka filmowa.<br />Szczerze polecam.<br /><br />Hotel Detective.
1592332803|5.0|Awesome,awesome,awesome. Everything I have made in this cookbook has turned out great. Like bakery items. It definitely has made practicing a vegan life style more indulgent and is specially nice since I have kids. Also, the tips and education included are fantastic.
B001O2ZW1A|5.0|This isn't Porcupine Tree. It's Steve Wilson doing some things he probably wouldn't do with Porcupine Tree. It's not quite as heavy throughout as the last few PT albums. But, he still knows how to drop the metal influence into his sound at the drop of a hat. It's not as even keeled as a PT album in that there are a few places that make me go \\"Hmmmmm\\", which I very seldom do with PT. That copmment not-withstanding, it's genius none the less. I highly recommend it if you are a fan of Wilson, PT, or modern prog of any type.
B004LROUNG|2.0|I really wanted to like this book, but at 50% I'm still waiting for it to get moving.  Save your money!  Now that I'm finished I'm very disappointed.  I'm a big fan of Grisham, but this book is merely a nice story with little of the suspense and twists that I'm used to from him.
B0058WFO06|5.0|I liked Insurgentes. I REALLY like Grace for Drowning. Wilson removes himself further from his metal influences with this solo album, and goes back more towards his prog roots. Not only that, he shows a lot of tribute to his early biggest influence, David Gilmour. And, on Disc 2, he channels Robert Fripp and King Crimson, which blew me away. This release required more listening for me to get into it, and it had to grow on me. It has done so!! It really brought home how good this album was seeing Wilson and his band live on his solo tour here in Philly. He really allows his band to shine through in a way that I've never seen him do with PT. Of course, Wilson is the center of the show, with his guitar and his dark lyrics. But, watching him allow his band mates to cook on-stage, was a real pleasure. Again, I would highly recommend this to anyone who is a Wilson, PT, or modern prog in general.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I love thus game. Angry Birds is probably the best appized game ever. You'll love it, so what are you waiting for? P.S., get regular Angry Birds Free first. :)
B003H6KRIE|3.0|I paid around $35ish for this item and give or take, that's around all I would pay. There's nothing particularly special about the packaging. It's your standard cheap thin boxing that contains three individual regular blu-rays in standard packaging. Quality of the transfer is top notch and a great trilogy if you haven't seen it.
B005I6EVUG|4.0|The fire needs a cover because the edges of the screen are very sensitive and will react to the  hint of a passing finger when held in its naked state. This is a nice leather cover - I would have ordered it in black, but black wasn't available when I needed it.  Many people have remarked on how attractive it is.... It does not create much of an angle if you are using the fire as a tablet, but it is very good as a cover for a reading device.
B005FITIGO|2.0|The story wasn't well written.  Kept expecting more and it never happened.  There should have been more explanation on what was actually happening.  The acting was just average.  Movie was disappointing.
B002RL7VKC|5.0|We have had a lot of fun with the Duplo sets. My great Nephew enjoys the shared play. We have several of the sets plus the extra building pieces.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|The movie was excellent.  Acting was terrific. It was refreshing to enjoy a movie.  Unfortunately, that can't be said of most movies nowadays.
1451627289|5.0|With so many reviews I haven't much to add. If you were ever a fan you need to read this. Stephen King at his best...
B001B93H0O|2.0|It is quiet boring with 4 discs, beginer is too easy, no cardiac work up at all, advanced is fast but does not have much to do with upper body, abds are like other floor exercise, I would not recommend to anyone
B0068AWQQ2|4.0|You don't see that often when a re-make is better then the original but here it is.  This version is fast paced and scary.  I was not previously a Colin Farrell fan but now I am.  He plays his evil part to perfection!  Soundtrack is also very good.
1439156816|5.0|Stephen King's \\"On Writing\\" is a vital inclusion to any writer's reading list.  Stephen King, recommends eschewing adverbs, but where others proclaim a negative commandment, Stephen King explains by example that the precise answer is to incorporate descriptive verbs harvested in a lifetime of extensive reading.  Read this book even if his other works send you screaming with nightmares.
B00164CM46|5.0|excellent movie, that's why I bought it, that and I haven't seen it in a while, and figured it's about time to start converting to Blue-ray. Good seller. New condition and wrapped up in plastic, fastly shipped.
0060558121|5.0|This is Neil Gaiman's best novel. Sometimes it takes a foreigner to see American culture for what it is. And this is a book about America.
B002ZRPQ5K|4.0|A great little ep for a solid price that, while offering nothing too new, continues to explore the territory of Perfect Symmetry a bit further. The lush, 80's influences start to blend even more with cleverly crafted pop production. Now of course for those who found Perfect Symmetry a different pill to swallow this may not be your favorite, but it does continue to offer some solid tracks in a sound that isn't explored so much as of late. Neither Dance heavy, nor early experimental, Keane manages to mix the retro and the new. Allmusic.com makes a good point at that fact that Hopes and Fears often sounds quite reminiscent of Coldplay and the like. While not a bad thing, I would applaud Keane for trying to branch out. House lights is an intriguing instrumental to start it off and most of the tracks are pretty solid. I found \\"Looking back\\" to be a bit weak, but I wouldn't say I don't like it. And I applaud the mixing of styles that it accomplishes. Really enjoyed \\"Your love\\", \\"Clear Skies\\", and \\"Back in time\\"
B0063IH60K|5.0|Solid solitaire game. Worth the download. I might buy the full version to avoid the ads, but they are not very intrusive.
B000006RHK|3.0|My favorite song on this CD skips.  Only reason to buy the CD, my copy of the CD was old and every song skipped in my car CD player.  Still, not a bad buy.
B005N95JA4|5.0|Contrary to what other reviewers wrote, Some Girls is NOT the Rolling STones best selling album.  The best selling album is Hot Rocks that sold nearly twice as much and is the only Rolling Stones record that was certified at the diamond level.  Whetehr Some girls is as good as Beggars Banquet, Let it Bleed, Sticky Fingers or Exile is debatable, but is the best record the Stones have released as a band since 1978--Emotional Rescue was a weak, Tatto you had only one exceptionally good song, Undercover was unremarkable, Dirty Work was forgettable...and so on.  Whether Rolling Stones fans like it or not, Some Girls was the last iconic album put out by the Stones_ leaving aside the Beast of Burden and Before they make me run, that are among the greatesr songs the abnd ever recorded, there are several songs that have become classic--not just, Far Away Eyes, as one reviewer observed, but also Shattered, Just my imagination, and, whetehr we like it or not, Miss you.  What is truly great abuot these deluxe releases is that it allows those of us who cannot affort to buy hundred of introvable bootlegs, to hear and enjoy songs we would not have heard otherwise.  I wish the previous reviewers had spend less time discussing the compression of the sound in this release, and more time talking about the 12 new songs--that tell a fairly different picture of what Some girls was all about.  While the original release was, except for Miss you and Far Away Eyes, a collection of rock songs (Lies, SOme girls, Before they make me run, respectable...), the second cd of this deluxe release is more heavily into blues and country.  So those who complaioned that Some Girls did not have enough rock songs back in 1978, they'd have liked even less with all these country and blues.  Yet, these new-old songs are great and it's a pity taht theyhave not been released before.  Fwe more observations: a few readers noted taht this deluxe release is better tahn the deluxe release of Exile, for here the Stones have kept the original recording of the vocals.  Well, I think that in We had it all, we hear the voice of Keith Richards in 2010 and not the voice he had back in the late 1970s--which can be heard in the bootleg version.   That said, this recording of We had it all it's probably Keith's best singing in years and the song is delivered beautifully.  My only complaint with this deluxe release (and the reason why it is a 4-start instead of 5-star) is that it could have given us more Keith Richards songs by adding Run Rudolph Run, The harder they come, and the Nearness of you --all songs that Keith recorded in that period and that belong with this second cd.
B002ZBT84G|5.0|Great album from a true American iconic artist.  Worthy of every library.  New York Is Killing Me should hold up as well as The Revolution Will Not Be Televised which has stayed relevant for 37 years.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|i bought this for my wife as an early Christmas gift and she loves it.  On the first morning she played it all the way to work in her car...then played it at her desk.  No big musical review, just an \\"I like it\\" from some average folks.  Great for the Holiday Season!
B004V5QWU2|4.0|I like that you can play 3 sounds at once and control the volume of each one seperately. I played babbling brook, camp fire, and distant thunder all together and felt like I was sleeping by a fire next to a river, I fell asleep pretty quick.  Only problem was I can't figure out how to save more than one sound to favorites, keeps making me create a new folder for each or it replaces the sound when put in the same folder, aside from that I totally recommend this app.
0553582038|1.0|We, Your loving and concerned fans, want the good stuff back! Give us the good old action packed \\"song of ice and fire\\" we so loved and got addicted to for the first 3 installment!  Are you Robert Jordan, Master of BORE, Or the acclaimed GRR Martin, creator of worlds, master of intrigue, emperor of suspense?  If you read most of the reviews here you'll find all the reviewers say the same things -  a very very long book, with almost no plot.   Boring. Tedious. superfluous. Are those the words you want to be associated with your creation?  What started out as one of the most thrilling, exiting, and enjoyable fantasy series, took a dive down, leaving millions of fans bitterly disappointed.  We  want to be able to read on and see what happens. lead us through this epic tale you created, make us again love and hate, cry and lough, and read with wonder what magnificent and thrilling adventures are installed for your characters. Do not let it end this way.  Make \\"Feast for crows\\" and \\"Dance of dragons\\"  just a bad dream you woke from, and write us the book we are waiting for.  Join me in telling  Mr. Martin to deliver the goods: Do not buy this book. Nothing much happens there, you are not missing out.  If you must read it - borrow it from a library or from someone who waisted his money already. Maybe if the sales of this book will be considerably lower, Mr. Martin will understand that he has let down his fans, and that he needs to give them the terrific sixth installment they are waiting for.
B0062KJ1Q6|1.0|not as funny as thought, just not that great but only cost $1.99 so it was good enough.  that was really all, nothing more to say.
0553801473|1.0|We, Your loving and concerned fans, want the good stuff back! Give us the good old action packed \\"song of ice and fire\\" we so loved and got addicted to for the first 3 installment!<br />Are you Robert Jordan, Master of BORE, Or the acclaimed GRR Martin, creator of worlds, master of intrigue, emperor of suspense?<br />If you read most of the reviews here you'll find all the reviewers say the same things -  a very very long book, with almost no plot.<br />Boring. Tedious. superfluous. Are those the words you want to be associated with your creation?<br />What started out as one of the most thrilling, exiting, and enjoyable fantasy series, took a dive down, leaving millions of fans bitterly disappointed. We  want to be able to read on and see what happens. lead us through this epic tale you created, make us again love and hate, cry and lough, and read with wonder what magnificent and thrilling adventures are installed for your characters. Do not let it end this way.<br />Make \\"Feast for crows\\" and \\"Dance of dragons\\"  just a bad dream you woke from, and write us the book we are waiting for.<br /><br />Join me in telling  Mr. Martin to deliver the goods: Do not buy this book. Nothing much happens there, you are not missing out.<br />If you must read it - borrow it from a library or from someone who waisted his money already.  Resist the urge to buy, I know it is difficult sometimes - but it will serve a good cause. Maybe if the sales of this book will be considerably lower, Mr. Martin will understand that he has let down his fans, and that he needs to give them the terrific sixth installment they are waiting for.<br />I am not a crazed fun. I can go on with my life with or without the 7 kingdoms, but a decent sequel and a worthy ENDING would be nice, too.<br />I mean - I love an epic saga, but how long can it go? Don't the devoted readers deserve a closure?  It appears to me that Mr. Martin does not seem to think so. Maybe he does not have a clue as how to end it, or maybe he thinks we are walking, talking ATM machines.<br />If he does intend to end it, with the brilliance and magic he knows to weave, let it happen now. If this is the best he can do - Why would you give him your money? How can a book this disappointing, that has made so may people give up entirely on the series, be on the best sellers list?<br /><br />I have posted this exact same review/protest for GRRM's \\"Feast for crows\\". In my opinion - these two books are basically the same long, endless,  less than mediocre book, That should not have been written.  The two were just too thick to bind together and I guess that making the readers pay for two bad books instead of just one appealed to Mr. Martin and his publisher.
B001U0HBPG|5.0|I love this movie a lot. i probale scene it a thousand time already. Everything about this movie a great
B005HV6Y84|4.0|I loved it; it was like watching the movie again.  I would definitely recommend to anyone who is a twilight fan like me.
B004SI8WX2|4.0|I read this book some time ago. There have been many questions about the validity of it, however I want to believe. It definitely made me stop and think about how it 'could be'. It's a good lesson in what to value.... life.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Spider solitaire is an excellent way to waste time, and this app does spider exactly as you would expect.  the one touch to move cards to obvious stacks is a nice feature.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I bought this book recently, mostly out of curiosity for what the hype was all about. I started reading it one night and wasn't able to stop until I finished the entire book. It was absolutely captivating and very well written. It touches on all of the themes at the heart of humanity. Definitely a must read, goes above and beyond all of my expectations and is well worth the hype it has created.
B003UV8TFE|1.0|I tossed this (hardcover) book into the trash after reading approximately half the book. Dr. Lewin is as interested in propounding his political views, i.e. global warming, George Bush, The Iraq wars, etc as he is interested in physics. As far as I am concerned he represents much that is wrong with education ,especially on our Liberal College campi.  As a scientist (Ph.D. Chemistry)  I was sorely disappointed with the injection of his opinions about political events into a Physics book.  Not only that, but in his global warming rant, he seems totally unaware of, or has ignored, all the myriad data available fro a number of objective scientific sources. These data are real data and not the politically slanted information readily available today.  These data basically disprove  the entire \\"man made\\" global warming scam/scenario propounded in Washington and elsewhere.    After suffering through these tirades, I decided that there was too much doubt in my own mind in any of his opinions, demonstrations, comment etc. If he could slant data to fit his views on global warming, what else is slanted?  It seems to me that if Dr. Lewin wanted to write a book that used physics to defend his political views, he should have done so. Frankly, I was more impressed with his use of creative teaching demonstrations per se, than with his pure, basic physics presentations as they relate to the real world. If I could meet with Dr. Lewin I would offer a simple suggestion \\"Stick to physics, and leave the political aspects of your belief system for the faculty lounge\\"
B005HSL626|1.0|This game is quite amazing. The only problem is the amount of ads in the app. There are so many ads that pop up that it seems like they are boobietraps. The developer has to be making  money with all of these pay per click ad traps. It is unfortunate that they are ruining this app with their greed. I will not be supporting them our their app, free or paid.
B00447G29S|5.0|OK, I'm 65 and don't believe in Santa or much anything else, but this film is spell binding and sweet.  The 3D effects are remarkable.  Highly recommended!
B005TZFYNE|5.0|This is the best Rihanna's cd, very great.  I loved, I can't stop hear this amazing cd!  Brazil loved too!   TALK THAT TALK!
B002ZG98UK|2.0|I got this 3D movie for more live action 3D options.  Story line is a bore but the live action made it worth adding to my 3D collection.  Recommended for the 3D but with reservations.
1451627289|5.0|And Stephen King is a masterful story teller who seems to find joy in spinning a great yarn.  I'm not even done with this book but felt compelled to review it cause I'm lovin' this book.  Mr. King has such a comfortable, folksy style - it's as if his writing were effortless and he just wants to tell you a story.  For some reason, the writing feels personal - as if it's just for me.  When he used a convenient coincidence in the book and said these things happen in real life but no writer would dare use them, it felt like a private little joke.  I usually whip through a book - this one I'm pacing myself, I want it to last.
B00361DR4Q|5.0|This DVD was my introduction to Angela Gheorghiu.  What a voice! As a singer, she is the epitome of a great classical soprano, with a strong and exciting high register. She also brings affecting pathos to the scenes in which Violetta suffers. These wonders already make this DVD a must-own for any opera lover. I found Gheorghiu's performance during the initial banquet less satisfying - she didn't seem like the courtesan who made the party a pleasure to all, able to create a dream of joy beyond normal experience - such as Teresa Stratas gave us in the incomparable film by Zefirelli. Similarly, Ramon Vargas, whose voice I love, didn't contribute enough chemistry to make the banquet scene more joyous.  This is a stage production, with generally excellent sets (apart from a misplaced pool table in the country villa). Although I only saw it once when empty, I'd say that La Scala doesn't have the scale and technology to compare with the Metropolitan Opera or the Kennedy Center.  Within those limitations, the set for the banquet scene was rather beautiful and worked well.    Vargas sang beautifully, and communicated sincerity and depth of feeling, but I find his acting somewhat limited.  He has room to develop.  A more serious dramatic deficiency was the performance of Roberto Frontali as Alfredo's father. He has a lovely sound, but his performance was rather wooden.  At one point in a scene with Violetta he dropped his hands in a casual and rather limp manner that a good director should have corrected.  This might be less serious on stage, but seen from a good camera angle, it loosened some of the dramatic tension that should remain tight in those scenes. Because the libretto doesn't do enough to fully support the drama of these critical scenes, the actor and the director need to do more.  From the elder Germont, I'd like to see more moral ambivalence, and a clearer expression of passion for the family's reputation - and enough of an edge to provide a contrast with his later change of heart. Frontali's Germont was too bloodless - a blank canvas with musical accompaniment.  The strong points of this production make it a valuable addition to the collection of anyone who appreciates opera.
145551389X|5.0|This book is fantastic. A must if you are a Gaga fan. An amazing look into her life. Love love love owning this, I make everyone look at it. Although I do wish that the photos had captions, I really do love it!
B006IGZWB2|5.0|A reminder of where our country came from and what we still need to do as a country to have a sound voice in the direction we go.  Where is your voice and is it sound for all?
1466264756|1.0|This listing is for a self-published reprint of on the origin of species.  Being in the public domain, there are many reprints available.  Right here on Amazon there are much cheaper options available, some with explanatory material that make the book even easier to understand.  Try using the Amazon search.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|I was a huge fan of old RPGs like Final Fantasy and was not sure what to expect from this one. I am very impressed with how deep this game is. Lots of equipping strategy and options, really amazing for a game on my phone.  This game looks and sounds nice too. My ONLY complaint right now is the dialogue, the translation can be very weird at times. Nontheless, give this game a shot if you are an old RPG fan, it will hook you in the first hour of play. I got this free a few months back on Amazon, but would pay full price!
0439023521|5.0|I couldn't put this book down. I rented it on my kindle, and only a few pages in I was already completely caught up in it. I ended up finishing it in one day, and now I can't wait to start the next book. As a warning, before you start the book you might want to make sure you have time to read the whole book, because you won't want to stop once you have started. Sometimes books that have a great start get boring towards the end, but I assure you this book didn't. It is had multiple twists and turns that kept me enthralled. Also, the ending was never expected, I couldn't wait to get to the last pages, so I could find out what happened. It was a thrilling read, and I would definitely recommend to anyone!
B005HSG3TC|5.0|This cover has worked great for me.  I wanted something inexpensive that would protect my new Fire and this cover has not dissapointed me.  It protects my Fire well and you can just flip the segmented top cover over, throw it in my bag and go.  I have heard people are complaining about the Fire's power buttom being too easily pushed inadvertently, but I don't have that problem with this cover as it naturally recesses the button in the hard part of the case. One thing I wish I would have had was just a little instruction sheet with it.  I was trying to use it with the flap turned the other way (Fire oriented in landscape mode, with the flap on the upper edge) which frustrated me because it kept sliding out flat.  After messing with it a bit and looking at the picture, I oriented it 180 degrees with the flap on the bottom and it seats nicely in a slot on the back cover-no more sliding!  The cover has a built-in flexible strap that you can slip your fingers under to help hold it when reading a book or carrying it around.  The strap could be a little tighter and I wonder how it will hold up long term, but time will tell and so far so good.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is an amazing game that you can go anywhere with. and never get tired of it if your smart you would get this app
145551389X|3.0|I bought this book because I'm a fan of Terry Richardson's work more than of Gaga's, and the book is really affordable. Maybe if i knew more about Lady Gaga and followed her tour schedule I'd understand what was going on in the photos, know where they were taken, recognize the people with her. Since I don't, the lack of captions in this book is a major frustration. Are those her parents in some photos? Why is she crying? Is the blood smearing her body prop blood, or did she have an accident on stage? If you're a big fan you're probably sneering right now, but I'm a curious guy and really want to know. I love Terry's online diary, where the photos have simple captions to fill me in on his enviable life. On the plus side, I now know that Gaga has a great butt, and that she looks much better, younger, more vulnerable without the wigs and make-up. In my opinion those photos are the best, where you can see she's just an ordinary young girl, and I would have replaced the cover photo with the one of her lying in bed partially covered by messy sheets, her arm up over her head, looking right at the camera, almost like a young Marilyn. Sure would like to see that photo at full size... Photos like that really bring out a side of Gaga we never see, and that's where Terry's genius really lies.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This app for my new Kindle Fire works very well, no lock-ups, etc.  Hard enough to be interesting, without being totally frustrating.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|In 1993, the Singapore leg of the Dangerous concert was cancelled half an hour after it was due to start. Apparently Michael Jackson had taken ill, leaving thousands high and dry. The make up show featured a considerably reduced set list compared to this DVD. Most of the time, I heard loud music and screaming but not Michael's singing. I can't say I blamed him. Who would have the mood to perform with all those child molestation accusations?  So I'm thankful that Sony is still printing this. Finally, I get to watch Dangerous in it's entirety with the showmanship and special effects up close. The pacing is frantic and frenetic as the Moonwalker whips the crowd into a frenzy with Jam, Wanna Be Startin' Sometin' and kept going for nearly two hours. People wept openly and many girls wet themselves at the sight of his G string bodysuit and had to be carried off in stretchers.   Michael Jackson: Live In Bucharest The Dangerous Tour is truly satisfying. No one does a show quite like the King Of Pop!
B005KJZDXK|5.0|I love this album.  Traditional Christmas music bought to new life by the unique duo She and Him with smooth vocals by \\"She\\" and great instrumental and accompaniment by the \\"Him\\" of the duo.  I would highly recommend the CD.
145551389X|5.0|all the behind the scenes in GAGA's private life+the monster ball fashion!! shows the important people of her life  a peak on how the meat dress was made!  too bad they messed up the dates at the end of the book (all 2010, which should be 2010-2011)
B004ZNA7WY|5.0|It's Sunday evening before dinner and The Division Bell arrived Friday from Amazon US>. So, on with the cans, and , what a surprise. I rate music by how sounds in my mind and body without worrying about the myriad of things that \\"might\\" be wrong with it.  This Bell rings it for me. Every track was new to me and very enjoyable  Cheers  Mike
B0029XZODY|5.0|I bought this as a gift for my son-in-law so I have no idea what it is all about because I'm not a Dexter fan. But HE is, so, there you go.
B005A1ER0I|5.0|I play with around with music. I try to write/compose pieces that capture the imagination and spur on differing emotions. I've not been very successful thus far but if I were to be at some future time, I hope that what I come up with would have similarities to Illusions. It's nice to have such a high standard to aim for.  Wonderful music powerful and beautiful, evokes all manor or emotion.
B00466HM28|5.0|Love it!!! I was looking for a Midi keyboard, that was user freindly and I found it. The keys have a great response, as do the pads. I recomend this to anybody who needs a Midi keyboard.
B0000DJZ8R|5.0|I've just started reading some of the classic books that I hated in school.  The Grapes of Wrath being the first.  I guess I wasn't mature enough back then, because I just loved it.  Normally I don't love movies based from books, but The Grapes of Wrath stays so true to the book that I now have to say it is one of my favorite movies.
6304117752|5.0|The Sound of Music is one of the greatest musicals of all time! The songs are absolutely phenomenal and the story line exceptional. It can do nothing but get better with the passing of time.
B004XJRQUQ|4.0|The books are as intriguing as I had expected.  I wish I had downloaded each one individually though.  The font size was very large in the beginning.  This changed to very small about halfway through the first book.  The inconsistent font is enough for me to discourage the purchase of the Kindle edition of the complete trilogy.
B006NHRN18|5.0|Philip released New Dawn and Connor is trapped in the future wasteland. Matt and Abby rescue Connor and return to a world gone bonkers with the New Dawn anomoly increasing in size. Philip sacrifices himself to shut down his folly, but to no avail. The ARC team heads back to their headquarters and battles future predators while Connor works on a solution to the mess Philip's ego created. When all is said and done, the ending leaves room for Season 6 to kick off in 2013.<br /><br />The creators/producers of the original Primeval series have developed an offshoot series called Primeval New World. This will air in Canada and there is a slight chance of crossover appearances from the cast of the BBC Primeval series. There is also a Primeval movie being developed. For the original BBC Primeval show, there would not be a Season 6 until probably 2013, and there is no confirmation on who the cast members would be.<br /><br />I have watched Primeval from the beginning and enjoyed watching the growth of the characters Abby Maitland and Connor Temple who are as passionate about their work as they are about each other. James Lester as the snarky boss of the ARC is also one of my favorites. I hope these three come back if there is a Primeval series 6 in 2013.<br /><br />UPDATE: Primeval New World the Canadian spin-off series began shooting March 2012. The goal of the series is to be darker and edgier than the original UK series and deal with prehistoric anomalies from the past and future in the Northern hemisphere. An entirely different cast has been selected, with only one familiar crossover so far - Andrew Lee Potts. NIall Matter (Zane on Eureka) will be playing an inventor/computer genius in the 13 episode first season. Amanda Tapping, Andy Mikita, Martin Wood and Mike Rohl are set to direct.
B00526ZKYS|3.0|Delirium by Lauren Oliver is a testament to what we are as humans. What makes us tick? According to this book, it's love. And in the future someone figured out how to cure us of love.<br /><br />Lauren Oliver is extremely perceptive about humanity as whole. A few lines:<br /><br />\\"You know you can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes, right?\\" (Page 21 Kindle)<br /><br />\\"No wonder the regulators decided on the segregation of boys and girls: Otherwise, it would have been a nightmare, this feeling angry and self-conscious and confused and annoyed all the time.\\" (Page 57 Kindle)<br /><br />She brings all kinds of things from our world into the mix including blogs (or isn't that what she's describing as banned here?):<br /><br />\\"...people can't just write whatever, or post things themselves, or write up false information or 'inflammatory opinions'...\\" (Page 93 Kindle)<br /><br />The characters have traits that make them seem extremely human. Like how Lena, the main character, has gum wrappers and paper clips and random junk in her locker and her backpack. Or when Lena says something that she didn't consciously realize until it's coming out of her mouth. I do that all the time.<br /><br />The change in Lena is gradual. She is gung-ho for being cured. It's all she's ever known and it's safe. But her best friend, and so many other circumstances, make her realize that safe doesn't mean best.<br /><br />It ended without ending. I hate open endings. I know it's a sequel, but I want to be hooked by the writing not by the fact that the story isn't finished. That was my one and only pet peeve.
B004JMZPJG|5.0|This case is sturdy, most importantly the zippers are sturdy and smooth. Nothing is more frustrating than wrestling to open a snagged zipper with something delicate and expensive in hand. The case performs exactly as advertised.
B004SBQGHS|1.0|This should be called Angry Birds (fewer ads). I agree with a previous review, companies should not be able to get away with this nonsense.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|over the years I lost my notes often after computer  upgrades or crashes. not anymore with a backup in the cloud. thanks to evernotes!
1400052181|5.0|This is a must read for all - it's informational, real and very interesting.  Our book club had very lively discussions and questions were brought up about why she was picked and was it fair because of her race to be singled out
B0058PJ6NE|1.0|If your going to make a good app actually make it good so laggy and needs an update and wastes memery!!!
B001HBYHFA|1.0|I wasn't going to watch this.  Joss Whedon had a huge loyal fan base for Buffy:  he abandoned his fans at the end, giving us about a year and a half of ruination of what had been a really good story.  I swore I would never watch a Whedon production again.  But it has been a long time, there was nothing else promising available, and the reviews looked good.  Boy, did I get suckered.<br /><br />This movie was not only poorly scripted with plot holes you could drive a Semi through, but it was also a thin propeganda film.  The major plot point, around which all the others revolved, was a young woman begging to be forgiven for trying to make people better.  Oh, please, Mr. Cowboy, save us from the nanny state.<br /><br />As to Joss being a feminist, puh-leez.  He 'creates' stereotypical male charecters and then puts boobs and long hair on them.  He wouldn't recognize feminist epistemology if it bit him on the nose.<br /><br />If you MUST watch this sorry excuse for a movie, please rent, don't buy.
B005O64VH8|1.0|This album confirms the tendencies that were evident to me on Earthsongs. Rolf Lovland is running out of ideas. On this album he even repeats some of the same melodic lines on several pieces, and the old magic of their best music is missing overall. I would rate this album as their worst so far.
0439023521|5.0|I couldn't put this book down. I read the next two books and they are just as good as the first. I can't wait to see the movie.
B006C45MRE|1.0|Never in my life have I ever seen such a stupid movie! Sorry I wasted 2 hrs of my life on this piece of crap! Wish I could give it 0.0 Stars. Harrison Ford is such a grandpa, he needs to retire. He is ruining his image by still playing in movies.
B005PK5C12|5.0|Love the show!  I haven't tried to buy any of the episodes here so I can't comment on that, but the show is fantastic!
B006DJ2JSI|5.0|Audio pronunciation in case you don't know how to say a certain word.  Gives a sentence example, word origin, and synonyms and antonyms.  Dictionary is searchable.  Page can be enlarged. No problem on download, and does not take long.  Great when you can't go online.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great game, easy and fun. you can pick from a few settings that make it easy for people to learn the game
B0042EJD8A|5.0|If any of you have seen the ads on TV put out by the gas and oil industry with their nicely dressed people pointing to grahps and animated pictures about fracking you need to see this film! The people in this film are not actors, they are real people in real situations. Don't be fooled by the words \\"clean energy\\", there is nothing clean about it!   The people featured in this documentary are real people who are reaching out to get their message heard before its too late. I was shocked to see some of my neighbors in this film, so I contacted them to see if this was for real and what I heard sent chills down my spine because I was one of the people who was about to sign a lease with a gas company. In case you are wondering,no,I didn't sign on. No amount of money is worth what these people are going through.    Josh did an excellent job producing this film, you feel like you know the people in the interviews,they are ordinary people just like you and me. He speaks from his heart, I hope you will listen.  We all worry about the price of gas but ask yourself \\"what would you pay for the last gallon of clean water?\\"  Thank you Josh Fox for bringing me this message! Its helped me bring attention to this issue in my own small town and we are working hard to keep drilling our of our area. Share this film with friends and family, it could make a difference in your life too.
B003Y5H57E|1.0|Movie is ok.  this review is about the false advertising that came with the movie.  the advertising says digital copy but this is not the digital copy that we are used to that is a stand alone copy that can be installed into iTunes and played on any of the compatible players.  it is rather the new and useless \\"ultraviolet\\" version that the studios are pushing.  to use this you need to sign up on the studio web site.  yes you are going to be asked to give your name, birthday and email to yet another spam generator.  you are going to be asked to do this by every studio that pushes this format.  might not be entirely bad if it actually produced a digital copy that works like ALL the other digital copies before it, i.e. easily installed into iTunes.  But it does not.  worse than that it requires multiple steps to even get it on your device, you have to install new software and then you have an internet connection.  what a waste.  don't buy this combo pack if you are looking for an iTunes compatible version  shame on Amazon for not making this clear  shame on the movie industry for creating a completely useless new and cumbersome format and an awful user experience!!!
0439023521|5.0|Where to begin with my review of this book! I simply loved it and had to stay up until 2 in the morning to finish it- I literally couldn't put it down! This book is written so well and is not like any other book I have read. I really felt for the characters and became so involved with them. It is rare to find a book like this one. I would highly recommend this book to anyone, do not let the genre take you aback.
B004EPZ0BQ|1.0|My low rating is not for the movie. The movie is ok.   My one star rating is for the \\"ultraviolet\\" option that apparently comes with this particular combo pack version of the movie.  I usually purchase the blu-ray/digital copy combo pack versions of new movies so that I can have a digital version for my mobile content viewers (phones, laptops, tablets etc).  The digital copy in this movie is an \\"ultraviolet\\" version.  Ultraviolet is a \\"new\\" streaming option that is now being pushed and included by some of the studios in combo packs. The idea being that the ultraviolet digital version exists as part of \\"your\\" cloud account on the particular studio's server. This version can then supposedly be streamed or downloaded to any of your devices at any time (if you have the right hardware and software). Merits and practicalities of streaming video content aside, because the studios are so intent on trying to establish yet another new format you cannot download a digital copy without FIRST signing up for an ultraviolet account on the studio's website. Yes, yet another group wants to know your demographic, to know your email address and to subject you to their spam.  Why would we want this??  Regardless, I went to the web site, set up an account and tried to find a way to download my movie. after 10 minutes of circular references I have given up.  this is exactly what iTunes is not.  please bring back digital copies.    I don't need another format to deal with.  I will stop buying combo packs if this is the only option that we get.  if you wish to push back on format creep and costs then do not purchase combo packs that include an ultraviolet version
B004SBQGHS|5.0|Awesome birthday update. Love the new menu and graphics. Great that all levels have been unlocked. No annoying ads in this version and the permissions have been updated to that which is applicable for ad-free version instead of having the Ad enabled permissions. Angry Birds Rocks Again!
B004HNTER6|5.0|During the last year of my undergraduate college, sitting in a small room I watched the horror at Imola with my devastated room-mate. I had no clue about Formula One, still do not and will never will care about it. Ayrton Senna had just crashed his car and this accident was fatal.<br />Senna was an inspiration and certainly one of the most influential racing driver of all time. This documentary follows his early-years, his success, his rivalry with Alain Prost and reaches the moving climax at Imola. The funeral in Brazil had me teary eyed. It is rare that a documentary can move you so much, especially if you had no knowledge of the subject matter. Truly a serendipitous find. Senna is a terrific film, which will no doubt move you. Full marks to Asif Kapadia the director and his script writer Manish Panday for researching archives and putting together such a fine portrait. Five stars 12/18/2011
B0068TJLSY|4.0|Really enjoyed this film.  A little horror, a little si-fi. Good mix of characters.  A little cheesy in a couple places, but for the most part very entertaining.  would recommend to anyone.
1582406723|5.0|The Walking Dead comic is really good. I wanted to start reading them after I watched the t.v to compare the two, and although they have some differences I still enjoyed it. It doesn't get boring, almost every page theres something happening to keep you interested.
B001HN6922|2.0|I was excited to get this movie for my son (4) who loves the 1st Cars movie and we got it for him for his birthday. It was a cute concept with the \\"spy\\" stuff but the movie in my opinion was WAY too violent for a 4 yr old. They shoot each other with guns and try to \\"KILL\\" each other. They say the word \\"kill\\" many times. Just not something I want my 4 year old to say or pretend to do. I will be putting the movie away until he gets older and undersatnds the concept that it is just a movie and isnt appropriate to do those things in real life.  Oh and the DVD doesnt work in certain dvd players. It wouldnt work in my one dvd player but would in my other one. They were both brand new players.The one it wouldnt work in was a LG dvd player.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|This app hasn't gotten any of the updates the same app for the iPhone has received.  It's a good game but I'm very disappointed in how PopCap has supported it.  If you are coming from an Apple product and are expecting the same... be prepared to be disappointed.
B004EPYZPS|2.0|This is the kind of movie I would only watch one time...and that's why I gave it 2 stars.  The train crash was spectacular...but I think at least one kid should have died in the accident.  The kids were entertaining...for the most part.  This is an E.T. kind of movie.  Good alien.  Bad military.  In the end, the alien gets away.  This kind of movie has been done a few times before.  Nothing new here.  Just different actors and a different looking alien.  The only redeeming value was when the 2 parents stopped fighting and started helping each other near the end of the movie.<br /><br />Visit my Amazon wish lists to see my 4-star and 5-star DVDs:<br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/2CNNZ3CSQQJEK/<br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/2Q448LUUQ70GI/
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I have an Evo 4g running cm7 overclocked to 1.1ghz. Splashtop runs very well at 800x600 resolution on a windows 7 notebook with 2gb ram and a 2ghz core2 processor. Can stream low bitrate videos, access itunes, and stream flash video over wifi and 3g. Highly recommend.
B0068TJLSY|3.0|I have read alot about parallels to E.T. and such regarding this movie. I would say those are loose comparisons at best. While there is a scene that is specifically reminiscent of E.T., this movie is quite a bit different.<br />The alien, for one, actually eats people, and is far from the small, cute, and cuddly alien featured in E.T...also, it doesnt really develop relationships with people. It is seeking a way to \\"go home\\", as it were, and there is a military quarantine.<br />Anyway, the cast was pretty good, and the interaction between the featured children (of tween age i think) was decent. The premise that they were filming a zombie movie when they end up witnessing a train derail, which ends up freeing the alien, was pretty cool. The local animals fleeing the area (presumably due to the presence of an unnaturally large predator) seemed like something that would actually happen.<br /><br />Where the movie falls flat to me is...the alien is a massive predator, eating people, and destroying a bunch of stuff, but is also cast as a sympathetic character. They try to rationalize this approach by saying that it learned to hate humans after it was initially captured (Roswell), held prisoner, tortured and tested upon by our military scientists. It is able to communicate telepathically through contact (would that be empathically?). Still, it doesnt seem to care about the humans it captures for food, even though they are just ordinary folks with no ties to the military or their scientists. Yet, when the star tween touches him, he suddenly decides not to eat anybody else, and rather focus on finishing his ship and leaving.<br /><br />There is no fond farewell, no conversation outside of a single empathic moment between the tween and the alien. It just kind of ends. The alien leaves and everybody is left to pick up the pieces of a shattered town. Presumably, the gov't would later say a hallucinogenic gas was released into the air accidentally by way of a weather balloon causing the locals to see things as they destroyed their own town (at least, i figure that is how this would play out in real life). The movie though...it just kind of ends. The alien leaves and everybody is happy (outside of those people who were killed by the now seemingly misunderstood alien). To me, the movie was basically a big build up where everybody is scared which then shifts suddenly and tries to become a social consciousness type message about kindness and understanding. Didnt really work for me. No real peak...the movie just kind of flatlined.<br />Had i known before watching this that JJ Abrams was the responsible party, i would probably have skipped this one, since i know better than to trust any project he is involved with. Nonetheless, i dont regret watching this movie, but i was far from impressed.things as they destroyed their own town (at least, i figure that is how this would play out in real life). The movie though...it just kind of ends. The alien leaves and everybody is happy (outside of those people who were killed by the now seemingly misunderstood alien). To me, the movie was basically a big build up where everybody is scared which then shifts suddenly and tries to become a social consciousness type message about kindness and understanding. Didnt really work for me. No real peak...the movie just kind of flatlined.   Had i known before watching this that JJ Abrams was the responsible party, i would probably have skipped this one, since i know better than to trust any project he is involved with. Nonetheless, i dont regret watching this movie, but i was far from impressed.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|This is the book that you never want to end.  The characters become a part of your heart.  You ache with them, you grow with them and at every turn of a page you hold your breath awaiting to see what happens next.  I just finished and I have already started the journey of reading it again, already finding details I didn't read the first time.  Just like the night circus evolves, each page reveals a new act, even the second time around.  This novel touched my heart.
0847835073|5.0|Monica Bellucci has an effortless quality to her beauty undiminished by the various circumstances on display in this book.  Her fashion sense is above reproach; she is served equally well by black & white and color images.  As she demonstrated in her role as a courtesan/spy in BROTHERHOOD OF THE WOLF; draped or undraped; she is a force to be reckoned with.  As she proved in her role as a lactating prostitute in SHOOT 'EM UP, she subverts the gestalt of femme fatale into a contemporary alpha woman, and we are quite fortunate to have her in our midst.  A handsomely-produced book of an unapologetically beautiful woman: what's not to love about MONICA BELLUCCI?
B005IH0MM6|2.0|I downloaded this book before boarding an airoplane. I normally read reviews first. Big mistake. I was not impressed. It was boring, the characters unstable, and the book seemed to be left with mayor loose ends - maybe there's a sequel waiting. I feel that the development of the story was not thought through properly. It feels like a lot of ideas or scenarios was dotted down and then the writer joined them together with realy weak links. I finished the book. It was a big disappointment. Sorry.......try again. Although I doubt I'll buy another book by the same author/s.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use this app my Droid phone, Droid tablet, and my PC to keep organized.  The interface is easy to use and keeps me from forgetting stuff.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|This is a great knife offered at Amazon for the best price you can find on the internet. Better price than Ebay in most cases.  I love that Amazon offers free shipping on this knife. I just received this knife and have not actually used it yet but I have no fear that it can hold up to all the abuse I could ever throw at it.
0439023491|5.0|The books arrived right on time. I read these so fast I had to reread all of them. I have since shared with friends who all love them just as much.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|Works great no complaints from me. Now I just have fourteen more words to put in so I can rate this.
0439023483|5.0|The books arrived right on time. I read these so fast I had to reread all of them. I have since shared with friends who all love them just as much.
B00005TQKQ|5.0|Had a old Sony Digital video recorder dcr-trv460 that had horizontal lines and skipping during playback. Tried this head cleaner and worked perfectly. Directions say run for 10 seconds but I had to run for at least 2 minutes for it to work. No problems after that. Price was a little high but worth it.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|This game is better than I would have expected. Great game! It isn't just a clone. Keeps things interesting &amp; challenging but not impossible.
B005LRWRZ8|4.0|I've been a Megadeth fan since the 80s and it's amazing how Dave + Co. just keep going full-throttle. This latest album is absolutely fantastic. The riffs are fast and catchy, and the lyrics are classic Dave Mustaine. I read a couple of negative reviews, and I think what some fans miss is the old \\"20-different-riffs-per-song\\" Megadeth. I can understand where they're coming from. One wicked riff after another is the whole reason I got into Megadeth's sound. I picked up \\"So far, so good, so what\\" when I was a teenager and I immediately proceeded to play the cassette to death.   But, on the other hand, if Dave was still making \\"80s style Megadeth\\", he really wouldn't have room to call himself an artist and he would probably be missing out on a new generation of fans. Change is inevitable, and Megadeth changed with the times. To me, this album is one of the better ones they've cranked out in a while. I would recommend this album to anyone who thinks classic metal is dead. Not even close. Give this album a listen and you'll hear for yourself that not all modern metal is shrill screaming or Cookie Monster growling.
1451627289|4.0|The only reason I'm giving this book 4 stars is because I'm only 350 out of 850 pages into it, so I guess I could end up being disappointed, but so far I've been totally transfixed.  I got to say, King as at the top of his game here.  Some of his scenes set in Derry that harken back to another of his novels set in Derry are kind of cheesy, but otherwise our return to Derry is well worth the time.  I've been reading King's works since I was 10-years old when I walked to the bookstore to buy a paperback copy of \\"Pet Semetery\\" because my mom forbid me to walk down to the movie theater to see the film version.  So I hate to admit that his novels over the last decade haven't gripped me as much as his novels from the 70's, 80's and 90's (with the grand exception of \\"Cell\\" as well as his collections of short stories and novellas).  \\"Under the Dome\\" was pretty good compared to \\"Bag of Bones\\" and \\"The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon\\", but so far \\"11/22/63\\" has blown them all away.
B004FOA84A|4.0|The game was fun while it lasted, and the graphics were very good. Once you solve it, you're done though. There's no way to replay with any new twists, so I just uninstalled it once done. Still, it was worth what I paid. I got the app on sale and was able to keep myself occupied on a two-hour car ride up north. It's great for a couple of hours of easy entertainment. If you're looking for something complex and involved, this is not the game for you.
B005K15SPG|4.0|12-17-11>  I'll be succinct as possible here.  I love this album.  I've listened to it no less than 30 times since I got it in November. I saw Mumford and Sons in concert on December 6th, and concerts usually act as a catharsis for cd's i've been listening to building up to the show. However, I still can't resist listening to this cd one or thrice a week, since.  The downside: stupid cardboard book with sleeves for 2 cd's and dvd.  I know artists have a fond nostalgia for vinyl, but compact discs shouldn't be stored like a record.  Whoever decides the final format of the packaging needs to keep this in mind for those of us who still buy cd's and want them to last for 20 to 30 years or longer.  I've got cd's I bought in 1990 that still work fine, but they came in a proper cd jewel case.  The live cd and the dvd discs are especially tough to get out of either end-flap sleeve, and the sleeve for the studio disc is open on both ends.  For somebody like me who does the majority of his cd listening while on the road, this format is inconvenient when trying to change discs at 60-80 mph with a semi right beside you.  But the music is brilliant!  I love these songs.
B0064X7FVE|5.0|Have this on my Kindle Fire, works great for me. Easy to set up your location and gives great current weather info (e.i. Temp, Feels Like, Dew point, Relative Humidity, Wind, UV Index, and visibility.) Also shows the times for sunrise and sunset, I thought that was pretty neat. Has Hourly, 36 Hour, and 10 Day forecast option. Also, gives severe weather alerts. There are a few other options to look at pictures and videos, but I haven't really had a need to look there yet.   All in all great app. for getting your local weather!
B005V2EVBQ|3.0|I have had this cover for less than a week now, and already the very thin rubberized coating has started to peel off on one corner and along two edges. Other than that I like how thin, light and durable the cover is.
B001UV4XIS|4.0|we found pt. 2 to be much better than pt.1. the first video was very dark and hard to see the 2nd one lighten things up and made it much more enjoyable
B002FRNCG0|5.0|I would definitely buy from this seller again.  The CD was shipped quickly and arrived in perfect condition, no cracks in the case as had happened to me before with other purchases.  While this was most likely due to poor packaging and/or the shipping company used, this CD was packed properly and sent via a good handlers.  I am always happy with a purchase when I get what I am expected, and all my expectations were fulfilled with this purchase.  As for the CD, if you're a fan of Paramore you will definitely enjoy it.  I think it's their best CD yet!
B004ZNARH4|4.0|I didn't get a chance to get this album in its SACD reissue back in 2003, and even if I did back then, I didn't have a SACD player -not that I have one now- so for me getting this lavish box set was all about getting to finally hear this masterpiece reimagined in 5.1 as well as in its Quad Mix - I am 26 so I wasn't around when Quad mixes were fairly common back then. I couldn't care less about the collectibles  - won't even remove them from their plastic but I really enjoyed both books though as someone already pointed out they could have been put together in a single book, but we're talking about a reissue here so the guys at EMI will not waste a single opportunity to make appear this box set larger than it really is so they can charge you extra as much as possible. The first version I had of this beloved album that changed my life -as many others- was the 1993 20th anniversary remaster CD and after a long time I finally decided to go for the Oh, by the Way box set last year, so all in all I now own this album three times. It's insane, but again for me it all had to do with the remix in 5.1 which I believe was fairly good and interesting but I would not go as far as other reviewers by calling it astonishing or revealing. I am not an audiophile at all but I do own a decent home theater so I enjoyed the surround experience properly but then again, I was not marvelled or anything like that - I was astonished by the Depeche Mode reissues in 5.1 for example, or even Deep Purple's Stormbringer reissue in 2009. I don't know, maybe it has to do with the fact that Dark Side of the Moon has become so burned in my memory -and I am not the only one here, I believe- that these remixes really didn't reveal anything new. Everything is more localised, so to speak, so you may be able to pick up things here or there that you have missed all this time, i.e. the dialogue responses to the 'Assorted Questions for Lunatics' that appear through all the album are much more clearer- but it is not like finding the Holy Grail at all, as some of the other reviewers are claiming. We all know that this particular record is a masterpiece, a bold statement of its time and place, and a landmark in Western popular music of the last 50 years. Funny thing is, I enjoyed the 5.1 remix and the day after I decided to put on my stereo the first disc of the box set, the 2011 remaster, really just going through the motions and not expecting anything new and I was wrong. Again I am not an audiohile or sound engineer and I never listened to the 2003 remaster in stereo but I gotta say, the album sounds fantastic, it is louder and crisper, more detailed than its 1993 predecessor. I don't know what it is about it -don't know a thing about DRC or volume levels- but I sure prefer this version to the 1993 and the 2007 Oh, by the Way reissues - not sure if this last one was reastered. As for the price... I am a melomaniac and music is my life, my hobby, my devotion... I knew, from the moment I heard about the Why Pink Floyd? campaign that I didn't want the Discovery box set, as I already have Oh, by the Way, that the Experience editions would not be enough for me and that I'd eventually end up getting the Immersion box sets, whatever the price, which I did, and I do not regret it -I love Floyd- but I could not help feel a little ripped off, but hey I am a dedicated Pink Floyd fan, so what can you do?<br />All in all, if you are a diehard Pink Floyd fan, this record changed your life and know all the details and the history behind it, get this box set. I don't know if it will satisfy your appetite or if you will feel ripped off like I did, but I assure you, it is the ultimate version of a life changing era defining rock record and believe me, it is the last version of this record you will ever get. You won't need to buy this again. For your own good and my own, I hope. If you enjoy this record but music is not your life, this is not for you, and you will be fine with the Experience edition, or even the Discovery one, if you don't have this album yet - which I highly doubt as you're reading this review.nce edition, or even the Discovery one, if you don't have this album yet - which I highly doubt as you're reading this review.
0525423656|4.0|Check out my book blog at BooksandSparkles &lt;dot> Blogspot &lt;dot> com<br /><br />After finishing Matched I couldn't believe that I had to wait so long to read Crossed.  At the end of Matched we learned that Cassia and Ky's \\"match\\" was set up by someone but she does not know who.  As a result of her sorting test (in which she was forced to sort Ky) Ky was sent out to the outer provinces to battle.  After his adoptive parents and Cassia cause a scene, the society make everyone take the red tablet which is supposed to make you forget.  Cassia doesn't take it and he official lets it happen because she wants her to remember.  At the end of the book Cassia and her family are sent out and Cassia sets out to find Ky.<br /><br />In Crossed Cassia is a stronger person willing to fight the Society and risk everything, even her life to find Ky.  Although Ky will risk everything to find Cassia there are is one thing he is not willing to do.  We find out he knows a secret about Xander that makes him fear will Cassia will choose Xander if she found out.  In the beginning of Crossed, Cassia is in different work camps looking for Ky.  There she develops a friendship with Indie, a fierce girl who helps her.  They escape in order to find Ky only to learn that he has escaped to find her.<br /><br />I LOVED that the story was told in Cassia and Ky's point of view.  I love reading from the male characters point of view.  I wish that we would have heard more from Cassia's family and Xander. Although he does make a brief appearance in the beginning of the book he is mentioned throughout the book by Cassia and Ky, even Indie.  I liked new characters Vick and Eli but I still don't know what to think about Indie.<br /><br />The ending was not my favorite.  I felt as though they went through all that in Crossed only to be back where they were in the beginning of book one.  I still enjoyed the book and will definitely be reading the next book in the series.  I hope it has more of Cassia, Ky, Xander, Eli, Indie, Cassia's family and the Society.  I can't wait to hear the title of book #3 and seeing the cover!<br /><br />Really enjoyed the book!<br />4 out of 5 starsSociety.  I can't wait to hear the title of book #3 and seeing the cover!  Really enjoyed the book!  4 out of 5 stars
B001U887OC|5.0|Quick service, and perfect shoes. We found a pair at a store with a slight defect they were willing to drop 10% on, which brought them to $36. On Amazon, we got 2 perfect pairs for roughly the same price as 1 at the store.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I loved star wars as a kid, but i'm actual a grown man with a job and a wife, so i'm not obsessed with how Lucas wants to change these movies and have Darth Vader say \\"No\\" or something  Who cares....like this is some re-write of the Declaration of Independence.  The movies are super awesome, and i love watching it with my kids who LOVE them.  They've seen all of them but Ep III (too intense for them) and can't get enough.  Great box set.
B006CLTFP2|4.0|I want the version of \\"I'm Eighteen\\" from the season 1 episode \\"Giving Back.\\" I think it should be on this CD. Wish I could find it for download on the Internet.
B0015DROBO|5.0|Couldn't put it down!  I think I have a bit of a girl crush on Bad-a** Lisabeth Salendar! This book almost gave me an appreciation for hackers. Can't wait to see Hollywood's spin on this one.
B000LTAY1U|5.0|I've owned this watch for about 6 months and it's an awesome watch.  The watch is pretty good at keeping time as long as you don't constantly chase the correct time.  When I first got the watch I would set it once a week (lose or gain about a minute per week). Eventually I just stopped setting it; it's been about two months since the last adjustment and the time is spot on.  I suppose the watch gains and loses time but evens itself out over time.  I wear this watch every day of the week but I have taken it off a few times for prolonged periods.  The watch will die about 36 hours after you take it off your wrist.  So long as you wear your watch consistently it shouldn't be a problem.  Also, the band is still in great shape and seems to be of good quality (if the band wears out, Amazon has replacements for sale [[ASIN:B005P1GMNI Nylon Watch Band Fits Seiko Watches Strap Military Green Stainless Heavy Buckle 18 millimeter]]).    Others have commented that the band is too skinny.  This watch has a vintage military style band and everything about the watch is designed for utility. The width of the band is just fine if you understand it's designed for a vintage look.  It's a simple watch that gives you the date and time with out all the clutter and clunky show.
0783227434|5.0|Do yourself a favor and pick this up.  It's better if you've seen \\"Evil Dead 2,\\" but \\"Army of Darkness\\" is just as good if you've never seen it.  And when I say \\"good,\\" I mean \\"epically terrible, but still sooooooo good.\\"
B003ZSJ212|5.0|best film ever made, or at least close in may opionion.  Hans shot first!<br />The actual hero of the show is a. r2D2 b.Princess Leih  3 Hans Solo?  The answer is a.  R2D2!!scravey
B004A8ZWVU|5.0|With well over a hundred reviews of the theatrical version of this film already posted, there is no reason to rehash the story and the acting, except to say that this film really kept me engrossed and brought back memories of the early 1960s for me (though I grew up in the Northern states.<br /><br />Since most folks are now interested in the DVD versions, I'll focus my comments on that format.<br /><br />The Standard DVD contains the film, and the \\"music video\\" - created from scenes from the film - by Mary J. Blige as well as three deleted scenes introduced by the Director Taylor Tate. These total less than 3 minutes. The last deleted scene - while only about a minute in length adds more to the story.<br /><br />The BluRay set includes the above as well as more deleted scenes and an 11-minute featurette where local women and their mothers (who were \\"help\\" during the 1960s discuss the real life of being a \\"help\\"). The real bonus here is a 23-minute \\"Making of\\" featurette which is one of the best of these I've seen. Usually a lot of time is spent showing scenes from the film you have just seen. Not in this case. Director Tate narrates the featurette and the \\"back story\\" behind the film and the book it was adapted from is fascinating. This alone is reason to see the Bluray version of the film.<br /><br />They'll be a lot of buzz at Oscar time!<br /><br />Steve Ramm<br />\\"Anything Phonographic\\"
0553381695|4.0|A Clash of Kings is the second in the ongoing Song of Ice and Fire series, sequel to A Game of Thrones, and the series continues to be entertaining and interesting, one of my favorite ongoing fantasy series.  What makes it different from other fantasy series is that Martin, instead of using chapter numbers and having everything be specifically chronological, has about five to ten characters whose heads you are in.  So you can be immediately whisked away to another battle, another land, another family feud, by the turn of the page.  Plus Martin isn't afraid of killing off characters, which can be horrible if one gets really attached to certain characters, but I find it admirable that he has the bravery to do this.  I think it isn't done enough in fiction, specifically fantasy.  Sure the good guys need to win, but not all the time!<br /><br />Near the end of A Clash of Kings there is huge battle between two big armies: one attacking the other on a river, beginning as a naval battle, and then once the men land on the ground, moving on to try breaking into the fortress.  Your regular historical or fantasy novel would have you in the head of your main character who would likely be one of the leaders of the armies.  The P.O.V. might switch during the battle to the other leader's viewpoint on the other side and then come back to your main character.  With Martin's literary device, the reader sees the battle unfolding from three interesting viewpoints: from the leader of the army in the fortress (who is an ugly dwarf); from one of the captains of the ships, on the other side, attacking the fortress, as he leads in the ship and engages the enemy; and from a young girl who is a hostage in the fortress, under the watchful eye of the queen, in a room full of the important women who are just waiting around to find out if they are on the winning side, or if they are on the losing side and the enemy is about to break down the door and the knight will be ordered to kill them all so they won't end up as hostages.  So instead of seeing the entire battle from one of possibly two P.O.V.s, the reader gets three totally different viewpoints, and it just heightens the tension and suspense.<br /><br />Next in the series is A Storm of Swords, with A Feast For Crows due out November 8th, 2005.  As Martin was writing A Feast For Crows, passing the thousand-page mark a couple of months before the book was done, he was told by his publisher that they can't have one book be this long.  He'd previously promised that his next book would not be as long as A Storm of Swords, which was 1216 pages in the mass market edition.  Since he's going to long pass this, he negotiated with Random House to split the book in two.  What he's decided to do, and as I get further into the series I can't understand how he's going to do this, is have half of the characters in one book, and the other half in the next book.  Some of the characters can be on their own tangents, meeting different people, and not actually have anything to do with the other main character's whose heads the reader is in, but there are other characters who interact with each other quite often, and I just don't know how Martin is going to reconcile this.<br /><br />It's going to be interesting, that's for sure.  And the good thing Martin said is that the new book comes out soon, and the next one is already half done.<br /><br />Originally written on October 9th, 2005 Alex C. Telander.t end up as hostages.  So instead of seeing the entire battle from one of possibly two P.O.V.s, the reader gets three totally different viewpoints, and it just heightens the tension and suspense.  Next in the series is A Storm of Swords, with A Feast For Crows due out November 8th, 2005.  As Martin was writing A Feast For Crows, passing the thousand-page mark a couple of months before the book was done, he was told by his publisher that they can't have one book be this long.  He'd previously promised that his next book would not be as long as A Storm of Swords, which was 1216 pages in the mass market edition.  Since he's going to long pass this, he negotiated with Random House to split the book in two.  What he's decided to do, and as I get further into the series I can't understand how he's going to do this, is have half of the characters in one book, and the other half in the next book.  Some of the characters can be on their own tangents, meeting different people, and not actually have anything to do with the other main character's whose heads the reader is in, but there are other characters who interact with each other quite often, and I just don't know how Martin is going to reconcile this.  It's going to be interesting, that's for sure.  And the good thing Martin said is that the new book comes out soon, and the next one is already half done.  Originally written on October 9th, 2005 Alex C. Telander.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|First, this is a very well crafted movie. In my opinion the movie stands on it's own. Second, the plot  never looses momentum and Ceasar's character is one that nearly everyone can identify with in terms of  what happends when humans do not show undertanding and the good side of their humanity.  Personally, I like the part where Ceasar goes back to the Redwoods and tells the scientist that \\"he is home\\". The scientist agrees and leaves. This movie will not bore you. It does not drag on. The characters are the right ones to play the characters. In the end of the movie, Ceasar is the one with humanity, not the humans.
0307888681|5.0|I've read two books about zombies this year: one I found fascinating, incredibly interesting, and decreed it the best book of the year!; the other was formulaic, predictable, kind of failed in its goal, and ended terrible - one of them was written by Stephen King, can you guess which one?  Being an avid King reader (yes, I've read them all!), you would expect the King zombie book to be the former, but alas.  Cell was not good; World War Z is the best book I've read in a long time.<br /><br />The key to World War Z is in its execution not as a horror book - even though it's about humanity's struggling war against zombies, and even though it's most likely categorized as horror in every bookstore - but as a piece of thrilling and thought-provoking and contemplative fiction.  Brooks' greatness with this book is in using a quasi-journalistic format where the narrator is traveling around the world interviewing a variety of different people from different backgrounds and cultures on how they managed to survive the war with the zombies.  The book is set about a decade after World War Z, giving the reader the reassurance that we survived, and this book is about how.<br /><br />Brooks' first book, The Zombie Survival Guide, gave step by step preparedness for what to do when confronted by one or a host of zombies: it's a humor book meant to make you laugh and snicker at this outlandish situation.  World War Z is not a funny book, but a deadly serious one.  It's quite shocking to contemplate the extensive research Brooks must have done to find out crucial details not just about the thirty different countries the narrator visits, but to also find out specific slang and expressions to that country and culture, and to know how a member of the military would act as opposed to a ordinary person, or another specifically skilled member of society in that particular country.  He must have gained a wealth of knowledge about the different societies of the world in general.<br /><br />Brooks then takes it one step further in coming out with different operations and game plans for the different countries: what the government did, what the military did, and what its citizens did, all pertaining to the current regime of the time.  The book is set no more than twenty years from the present time, so we are all familiar with the regimes and different governments of this world: from Bush's conservative, military heavy America; to a clandestine and mysterious North Korea; to a potent and still racist South Africa.<br /><br />World War Z is a book about zombies that changes the way you think about the world and its people.  It makes you think about how we're all in this together, we're all the same - regardless of the world-threatening devastation, be it zombies, terrorism, or a pandemic virus.  World War Z serves as a guide book to humanity, so that when the \\"big thing\\" - whatever it is - happens, we'll be a little more caring of other people around the world, regardless of what god they believe in, or the color of their skin.<br /><br />Originally written on October 29th, 2006 Alex C. Telander.<br /><br />For more reviews and exclusive interviews, go to BookBanter:[...]ep further in coming out with different operations and game plans for the different countries: what the government did, what the military did, and what its citizens did, all pertaining to the current regime of the time.  The book is set no more than twenty years from the present time, so we are all familiar with the regimes and different governments of this world: from Bush's conservative, military heavy America; to a clandestine and mysterious North Korea; to a potent and still racist South Africa.    World War Z is a book about zombies that changes the way you think about the world and its people.  It makes you think about how we're all in this together, we're all the same - regardless of the world-threatening devastation, be it zombies, terrorism, or a pandemic virus.  World War Z serves as a guide book to humanity, so that when the \\"big thing\\" - whatever it is - happens, we'll be a little more caring of other people around the world, regardless of what god they believe in, or the color of their skin.    Originally written on October 29th, 2006 Alex C. Telander.    For more reviews and exclusive interviews, go to BookBanter:[...]
B000I0QK74|4.0|I am a huge James Taylor fan, listening to his voice is like listening to your dad sing songs just for you. His holiday album does not disappoint, a bit jazzy with some fun arrangements. Makes me feel like I am in a funky coffee shop.
B000BNX4MC|5.0|You can really count on Amazon to offer the best providers of products out there!  I was wanting to introduce my teenagers to Ferris Bueller since there had been so many references made of this movie.  We went to the local library and there was either a 4-person wait or the DVD was \\"missing\\".  We went to the local retailers and couldn't find it there either.  With one look up on Amazon we found it, ordered it and got to watch it within a week.  DVD was in the original packaging, priced great and was received faster than promised.  Thank you!
B003L77GRO|5.0|Really enjoyed the series... Cant wait for the next edition.  Plot keeps you on edge and begging for more. Amazon, you are the best for keeping the prices low.
B001HN6918|5.0|If you liked the first movie you will love this one. It's better than the 1st because it's action packed and you get some back story on the main character. The action is almost non-stop and the jokes are well placed and unexpected. Highly recommended for all ages,my kids and their friends love it-ages 7 to 12. and my wife liked it too. can't wait for part 3.
0321525655|5.0|I am a medical educator and used PowerPoint slides extensively in my talks.  This book is an excellent quick read for PowerPoint presenters.  Makes a strong case for keeping it simple.  Too many \\"Death by PowerPoint\\" presentation slides are simply word-for-word replications of what the speaker is saying.  The audience cannot read the slide and listen to the speaker at the same time.  The book provides simple rules for creating slides to support the speaker.  It emphasizes use of visual themes on slides to support the spoken content.  It is strong on specific examples of what works and what does not work, and why.  The book is short, which is good.  It is a good resource for the beginner, the intermediate and the experienced presenter.  Highly recommend.
B005NKIQ26|5.0|Bought this for my 7-year-daughter and we both have enjoyed it this Christmas. It has a great mix of Christmas classics and brand new songs. We love the JB touch on some of our favorite Christmas songs.
B0066W1AZK|4.0|I installed this on my fire and love it.  the most used app.  I just started playing and very nice difficulty levels
0307987647|5.0|This series keeps me glued to my audio player.  I like the life-threads approach to telling the story.  It gives me this sense of time that makes me get lost in the story
0439023521|5.0|Although recommended to me more than a year ago I put off reading this series because it was in the teen genre, and I typically can't stand those books.  I borrowed the kindle edition from the kindle owners lending library and was pleasantly surprised.  I seriously could not put this book down and finished it in a matter of days.  The story line of this book was unique to anything I've read before and I found it very engaging.    At first I hated that it is written in the first person because it made it obvious that the main character wasn't going to die, but I think the book would have been far less interesting written any other way.  Part of the reason it is so interesting is that you really only know what the main character is doing or thinking, so it makes everything a lot more suspenseful and the main character much more engaging.  Although the book ends with a bit of a \\"to be continued\\" there is enough of an ending to be satisfied.  I could not wait to get on to the next one so I'm glad this is a series and not just a single book.   As an adult I would be more than happy to let my teen read this series.  I feel like it is very appropriate for a young reader despite what some describe \\"brutal\\" or \\"graphic\\".  As compared to many many other books I've read... this one is very tame!  I highly recommend this one if you haven't read it... I can't believe I didn't pick up this series sooner and can't wait for the movie!
B004H4XLR4|4.0|I bought this toy for my Grandson who is three years old and loves all his cars.  He fell in love with this toy and played with it nonstop while visiting over the weekend.  Unfortunately, the small tires on the plane did not hold up well with all the pushing he did.  They came off the second day he played with it.  Although, he couldn't push it anymore, he still enjoyed putting his cars inside and pretending to fly them with him.  He had flown with his Dad to visit so he is really into airplanes as well as his cars.  I gave it a four rating because of the wheels.
B00689J512|5.0|I became a big fan of Rihanna's during the Good Girl Gone Bad era. I have grown to love her more and more with each album. Talk That Talk is her best album to date. I love 99.9% of this album. Trust me you will not be disappointed. Do not listen to the negative reviews most of them are hate for no reason.
B0066W1AZK|3.0|This is definitely the best looking chess app I've seen.  You can select the level you want before you play, and you can undo moves while playing.  I do wish they would display the pieces captured, I would pay for an upgraded version if they did that.  Minor concerns: Brown pieces are \\"white\\" and gray ones are \\"black\\".  I would have done it the other way around.  Would also like to see QUIT, SAVE, and RESIGN buttons (although it does autosave if you hit the HOME button.<br /><br />I tried this app on my Kindle Fire and it was a lot better than the chess game I had on my Kindle Keyboard (K3) Device.
B0052GACNM|4.0|I BOUGHT  THIS  CD  AND  WAS  NOT  DISAPPOINTED,  I  HAVE  BEEN LISTENING  TO  TONY BENNETTS  MUSIC  SINCE  I  WAS  A  KID...  AND  WOULD  NOT  OF  MISSED  THIS ONE  EITHER ... THE  DUETS  ARE  GREAT  LISTINING, I  AM  GLAD  I  BOUGHT  THIS  CD  AS  USUAL I  PURCHASED  THRU  AMAZON.COM  WHERE  I  BUY  MOST  EVERYTHING...
0547391005|5.0|My now first grader and I read through all of the Curious George stories when she was between 3-5 years old. She still likes to re-read some of her favorites every now and then, so I decided to get this 70th Anniversary edition to add to our home library.<br /><br />I was impressed at the quality of this edition. It is hardbound with two bonus CDs. CD 1 contains: Curious George, Curious George Takes a Job, Curious George Rides a Bike, and, Curious George Gets a Medal. All four have different narrators. CD 2 features: Curious George Flies a Kite, Curious George Learns the Alphabet, and Curious George Goes to the Hospital. This CD too has three different narrators performing the stories.<br /><br />The paper quality is very good with glossy looking color illustrations from the original books. There is an introduction by Leonard S. Marcus, a publisher's perspective, and a retrospective essay for adult readers/ fans to appreciate. The stories contained in this edition are all of the original stories:<br />Curious George<br />Curious George Takes a Job<br />Curious George Rides a Bike<br />Curious George Gets a Medal<br />Curious George Flies a Kite<br />Curious George Learns the Alphabet<br />Curious George Goes to the Hospital<br /><br />The bonus for me was the photographic album of Margret and H.A. Rey at the end of the book which provides a brief yet compelling visual history of the authors-illustrators. A great edition for collectors and fans of the precocious monkey!
B000YENUI6|4.0|Eastern Promises-<br /><br />A movie made, I believe, to rid Viggo Mortensen of his Lord of the Rings image. I feel he has been moving to escape this image since LOTR finished. With Eastern Promises he surely succeeds. He plays a wheelman (or does he?)for a Russian mob now based in London. His relationship with his Captain or the son of the big boss (played by Vincent Cassel of recent Black Swan fame) is purely self-serving as he, Viggo, wants to move up & become a full member of the family. The movie does explain why later on.<br /><br />He becomes embroiled in the lives of a nurse that works in the maternity ward of a hospital & a baby girl delivered from a young woman that was raped by the head of the gang. A recalcitrant Uncle of the nurse that pushes an old relationship with the KGB plays a small part too. There's a lot of male nudity in this one girls so if your wondering what Viggo looks like in all his glory this is for you but, even more very realistic violence. Lots of edged weapons & tools are employed in a very graphic manner. The blood & guts are the main remaining image by the end of the show.<br /><br />I should mention there is a thin love story here but as it doesn't really serve the main purpose of the movie it is left thin & not really convincing. I love Naomi Watts as an actress but her part in this is not really central I felt & was a waste of her talent. As a vehicle to shed Viggo of the LOTR image I rate this as a five star picture. As a complete movie I give it 3.5 stars. It could of been developed into a story as big as The Godfather but wasn't. The ending is cut-off unless they intend a sequel which is more than possible. I was really surprised when the credits rolled as I didn't think they were ready to finish the tale yet. I took a half star off for that alone. My wife was surprised too.<br /><br />Action movie fans will be thrilled by the first viewing of this & the small roles played by Law Enforcement are well done but there's too little of that. A better show the first time than a second viewing in my mind. (edit)I can now say I enjoyed the second showing more than the first. It is a nice look at Eastern mobs so Kudos for that. I'd call it a violence shocker but not torture porn.le of that. A better show the first time than a second viewing in my mind. (edit)I can now say I enjoyed the second showing more than the first. It is a nice look at Eastern mobs so Kudos for that. I'd call it a violence shocker but not torture porn.
B004SBULWE|5.0|I love this app because it doesnt allow things to run in the backgroud. I also get to pick what I want to run and when. i love it.
B000AWYOGE|5.0|This is a cool movie. Before buying it my husband and I never heard of Dark Water. Since I enjoy scare movies I bought it. We were happy with the buy. The end of the movie was a surprise. It didn't have a happy ending like most scary movies.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|This is a great movie and it really completes the series.  It is a Christmas present for my kids and I know they will like it.  I'm sure we will be watching it more than once.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I love my new Kindle Fire and this cover is great.  Does not add any bulk and has a strap to connect closed. I love the feature that allows you to prop the Kindle open and let you watch videos, etc. without holding the Fire.  That is the only part of the new Kindle Fire that was somewhat surprising was the increased weight from my original Kindle and the ability to set up alone is wonderful.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Friends told me that I should read this book but I put it off because I don't usually read the 'trendy' books.  However, it was available at the Kindle Lending Library so I checked it out.  The book was so well written and had such a great story line that I finished the book in one evening.  Now to finish the others...
B000069AUI|5.0|This is a gift for my granddaughter and it arrived as expected.  It was packaged well.  Would do business with again.
B004TACMZ8|3.0|Good product, but at times does not detect the exact position of the metal. Most of the time is right.
B001HN6918|5.0|Another gift to be given and item arrived as expected and it was packaged well. Would definitely do business with again.
B004PGNB1K|1.0|I liked this book. This book, and the series itself, were good. Really good, actually. But the Kindle edition is ridiculously overpriced, even for a new release. I bought the book in paperback for less than it costs here. An unfortunate decision made by the publisher, and one that will likely result in heavily decreased sales on the Kindle, seeing as it's one of the most expensive novels on here. Wait until the price drops to buy.
B0063IH60K|4.0|This app. has easy moving cards for solitaire game. Wish there were more options for scoring. I like it a lot!
B005LAJ1HW|5.0|Versions of Sophocles' King Oedipus has been used by clever writers for centuries. Flannery O'Conner did a brilliant spin of it in her short story The Lame Shall Enter First. I don't want to spoil anything for anyone that missed the second season. If you know the story of this very old tragedy, it will be easy to pick out the symbols early on in EB, or to pick it out in any film or story for that matter. If you see a young man with a wounded or crippled foot (or leg) that was raised by someone other then his biological father and mother. Perhaps some awkward and unusual sexual tension, or obsession between this young man and biological mother. You have the starting ingredients for King Oedipus. You might see \\"Oedipus\\" strike out against his surrogate parent(s) in an attempt to take over their \\"kingdom\\". Things will likely turn out badly for his biological father at \\"Oedipus's\\" direct hand. All of this eventually brings about disaster to himself and to those he loves--or not. The writer can play god. Sophocles makes his King Oedipus blind himself after the body count rises. Of course no one takes their own sight in season two, but rather some short sighted decisions by characters come back like bad karma. A potential death warrant signed by the hand of Margaret that will pit politicians against the Catholic Church and Nelson's hair trigger stunt that has him, baby abigail and her nanny living on the fringes under new names has left great openings for season 3.
B0001MIQMG|1.0|Very disappointed. Unable to view the movie as no matter which DVD player I place it in, it states \\"illegal format\\" and will not read the disc. I have reviewed the package and the original order and I am unable to find anything that explains why this will not play. I'm not sure if it's a European format or what, but I will be returning this.
B004V5QWU2|5.0|This is a great app totally worth the price! I really enjoyed the rain on a tin roof and the thunderstorms.
B0063IH60K|4.0|It's free. There are ads, but they are not annoying and only come up between games. It is sometime a little sluggish on the Kindle Fire, but that would probably be the platform, not the game. Also on the Kindle Fire, the deal button is impossible to use in landscape mode, but I have noticed this issue with a lot of apps on the Kindle Fire that have buttons in the lower corners when in landscape mode, so again not the games fault. You turn it to portrait and hit the button and get back to the game. Just as addictive as it is on the PC. Definitely worth installing.
B0064X7FVE|4.0|This is still the easiest way to figure out the weather. Pretty sure those who 1* this app only think it's bloatware or don't know how to uninstall it. Ignore the nonbelievers.
B000AGTPUU|5.0|I'm serious- this has become my favorite film of all time. It's not a kids movie. In fact, I can't believe there are people rating this so poorly. No matter what life throws at me or how I respond, I can always count on The Polar Express to remind me of what's real. Brilliant. PLEASE see it.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|There ARE a lot of references to the 80's and I'm sure if someone took the time to calculate the time spent by Parzival in devouring 80's music, films, TV, etc., it would far exceed his 18 years BUT that aside, this is one of the most purely fun books I've read in a while. I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it. I'm looking forward to seeing what Ernest Cline produces next.
0896898288|5.0|I have reviewed this quilt book but have not started making the quilt.  This is not for the beginning quilter.  Templates are included which makes for a perfect quilt block.  Also, it can be hand pieced or machine pieced.  If you like detailed quilt making, this is the book for you.
B004H6G0TI|1.0|i have played this game before and enjoyed it a lot.  I would rank it high if only it would run on my transformer.  It will force close whenever i try to open the app.
1609611543|4.0|This book has really helped my well being.  It was through his book that I discovered that most of my heartburn/acid reflux was probably caused by an allergy to wheat.  Since I have been mostly wheat free, this problem has been much better.  Some of the chapters are a little too much involved (over scientific) and it does cater to people who have diabetes or heart problems but I truly believe that wheat is the main problem in most of our diets.  My husband has also lost weight since he hasn't been eating as much wheat.
B005N1E8A4|1.0|As R.Perez 's review says, yes it is subpar to her previous concert videos.  I keep skipping tracks. The Grecian and Middle Eastern ethnic posing makes the whole going-on's half dead, lifeless, and yawnsome. Very dull. A huge disconnect with the audience and spectator.  I was expecting better going by her superb and spectacular X 2008 video, and all the youtube video's of appearances on TV shows.  I guess the plan was to reinvent and re-interpret what she did before, however it has come out the worser.  It only comes alive at 1:23 minute mark when she did the Mashup bit and then goes limp again.  Time to go watch Talking Heads' Stop Making Sense, now that is timeless and has endured countless and multiple viewings.
B004XN3FHA|5.0|This flashlight is friggin bright! It feels good in your hand and not too heavy. Also a bonus is it uses AA battery instead of the expensive cr123 lithium.  WARNING! DO NOT STARE AT THIS LIGHT ON TURBO MODE UNLESS YOU WANT TO SEE A WEIRD YELLOWISH SPOT ON YOUR VISION FOR THE NEXT 5-10 MINS. The best and most powerful handheld flashlight for around $130
0807126063|5.0|Ignatius, the degenerate and narcissistic main character is embedded with a politically incorrect cast in old New Orleans.  The writer's comedic timing brings the reader to uproarious laughter and affection for this gestalt.  The author presents these socially, educationally, and economically failed characters with warmth and a stricken tolerance of their foibles; as if, at some level, even he cannot believe what they are up to next.  Toole describes the unsavory underbelly of a decaying, corrupt, racist, and irrational old New Orleans, with such a fine hewn pen as to turn the city, and thus the story into a masterpiece.  This novel is a gift from a sensitive and tragically deceased author.
007174889X|5.0|This book was very well priced, a lot cheaper than my bookstore at my school. When I ordered it, it was shipped in a nice package and it was delivered very fast. It was exactly what I ordered so in was satisfied with my purchase.
B0050SYS5A|1.0|We have to re calibrate my kinect every time we turn it on, its all fuzzy around   frame and it does not work.
B003B96AOW|4.0|I purchased this Deadpool figure for my 5 year old son for Christmas. Although we haven't opened the item as of yet it came on time as guranteed by the vendor and in new condition as well. It's probably more of a posable collector's figure than a play toy but it's durable enough for a 5 year old's beating. I purchased it because of the deatil and considering his age I wanted a bigger figure rather thanthe small 3 3/4\\" figures sold everywhere else. All around good quality buy and I recommend this to anyone looking...
B0068FZ1C8|5.0|What's not to like about this film. It is a masterpiece in every way. It shows that a boy can participate in something that is generally reserved for girls and not be a homosexual. In fact Billy's friend was there to show that Billy was not gay but that he accepted his friend for who he was. It showed that even the most intolerant of parents can be turned to support their child once they see how much it means to them and what talent they have, even in the worst situations. All the performances where great from the adults to the kids. Jamie Bell was a master a \\"Billy\\". I'm glad to see that he has become an A-list British actor and that he is getting so many starring roles. He deserves it, his acting is golden. 10/10 all around for this move, which in my book is a timeless classic with a great message, and a must watch for anyone with an ounce of tolerance.
0345444051|5.0|An awe-inspiring novel, who's conclusion is beautiful, in a soul crushing sort of way. Deals with similar themes to 2001, but in a wholly different matter. Not one to be missed whether you typically read science fiction or not.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|This film was a great addition to the Apes mythology. I watched the special features and I applaud everyone from the actors to the computer animators. Everyone put a lot of heart and soul into the film and it really paid off. They created new techniques in CGI and motion capture and really took things to the next level. Can't wait to see a sequel or two.
B006LS7DQE|5.0|Graphics are great, the gameplay is perfect for the kindle fire, and this is the best price you're going to get for this game. My only complaint is the loading times....but you get used to them, especially when the game is this good.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I really like this case. The color is my favorite. It's sturdy and I don't worry about damaging the kindle fire while its in the case. Also, I love the fact that the case also has a stand built in [the cover folds up into a triangle when you bend it and put it in the crease]. It's very handy. Makes watching video easier.
B004FGMV0W|5.0|Despite the fun-loving (in yo face) punkish attitude one would expect from a punk rock artist like Avril Lavigne, we do get the notion that she is a bit more mature this time around.    There a great many ballads on this CD, but the edgy lyrics on songs like \\"Push\\", \\"Wish You Were Here\\", and \\"Smile\\" (one of my favorites) are undeniable, especially for the true rock fan!    \\"What The Hell\\" is also fun, cool and edgy, true to the spirit of her previous works!   The \\"Alice\\" (hidden track) is another gem, as it is the EXTENDED version of the original \\"Alice in Wonderland\\" soundtrack.   And yes, the LYRICS are included with the CD -- that's a plus in my book!  In my opinion, this is her best work yet!  So go for it!!  P.S. The opening track \\"Black Star\\" is a magical little tune.  At a running time of only 1:34, this piano piece leaves you wishing there was more of it to enjoy!  A great CD all around...
0439023513|3.0|This volume brings the hugely popular Hunger Games story to a somewhat rushed and not entirely satisfying conclusion.  It is a fast-paced page-turner like the others, but it lacks both the adrenalin-pumping drama of the hunt that characterized the first book, and the modest layering of political intrigue that was added in the sequel.  While the series is enjoyable (in a morbid kind of way) and it is easy to see why it was a hit, the problem with producing a compelling work, whether a movie or a novel, is that it is notoriously difficult to follow up with equal strength.  In the case of the Hunger Games, Collins has not been entirely successful in finding a success formula that would prevent each book from being a bit weaker than the one before, even as she adds a modicum of greater political and social complexity.  Still, even if the denouement seems rushed, there are many things about this concluding book that readers of the other two will enjoy.  The main character, Katniss Everdeen, remains a conflicted, reluctant hero.  The body count is high, and while the different ways of killing don't quite rival Homer, they nevertheless show grisly imagination.  And there are a few characters who don't make it to the final page that you really wish had survived.  So that's saying something, isn't it?
B004APVI1G|5.0|Loved it!  The voice overs were great with interesting accents, and the movie was really 3D.  I was impressed and you will be too!  I don't eventlike talking animal movies, yet I watched this one over and over.  The soundtrack was great to hear running in the background while doin other things ;-)
B0053JJLLC|1.0|I think Michael Crichton must have stopped writing at about page 30. The opening is intriguing, but the story rapidly deteriorates. Shallow, interchangeable characters. Predictable plot. Bad guys that are almost a charicature: when he plans to fake the death of some of the good guys, if they do happen to turn up later alive and ok, well that's fine because 'this is Hawaii and magical things happen here'. Great plan that. And one of the good guys hopes to catch out one of the bad guys by confronting him with an incriminating recording and getting him to confess. Bad guys in this situation are more likely to a) confess b) kill you. Very poor stuff. Really, don't bother.
B004K4IZ54|5.0|If you haven't seen this, wait to watch it on a nice sized 3D TV at home.  You will be glad you did!  Definitely worth the wait and having all the extras with the 4 disc blu ray combo is like ICING on the CAKE.  Happy birthday to me... and you when you get this!
B000ZECQ08|5.0|I bought this as as a gift for my mom for christmas, and she loved it! Even though she knew it was coming because I specifically told her not to go buy it!
B0055CJ8T2|5.0|One of the best purchases I have made this year ( along with Adele's 21).  Each song has something to offer, which is rare with a lot of music records made today.
B00005JPCF|5.0|Great value for the quality! Hope to find some more DVD's at such an awesome value... I will definitely be looking for more bargains
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this game is great ...a lot of fun. My nephews love it. Downloaded with ease to my netbook. g3tit you wont regertit.... plus its free.
B005HJWWW8|4.0|Honestly, I love the sound this unit puts out.  It does exactly as it says, it increases the quality of your sound, and it does this quite well.  The only complaint I have is that the sound output is mono due to the fact that the input into this device appears to be mono.  I bought the FiiO L3 LOD with this to use with my iPod, and the 3.5mm jack does not fully insert into the line in on the amp.  I have tried using multiple other cords, such as the 3.5mm male to male cord that comes with this unit, but nothing worked.  Honestly I didn't notice for a couple days until I was listening to a song and parts of the song were missing.  I would still recommend this device to anyone who wont be bothered by the mono output, but for me, music sounds much better in stereo.  I'm not sure whether this is a unique case or not, but I plan to return my amp and purchase another model.
B00006IXEE|1.0|Never got to watch it since I was sent one that wasn't from our region..  super disappointed.  I'm still new to Amazon and this is one of those \\"ooohhh this is what I thought might happen\\" moments.  It all had the too good too be true feel. I'm still going to try to return it, but its a lot of effort for something I probably won't see again anyway. :(
1594481717|5.0|Daniel Pink takes us on a developmental journey - from that which worked in the C20th/Information Age ie focus being on 'knowledge workers' through to what he strongly believes (and rationalises!) is required for success in the present/future ie the C21st/Conceptual Age. This age instead focuses on 'creators and empathisers'.<br /><br />In order to be successful in this age, Pink highlights that six aptitudes are required, namely: \\"Design, Story, Symphony, Empathy, Play and Meaning\\". What I really like is that these aptitudes can be applied at the organisational level and most importantly at the individual level.<br /><br />As ever, fascinating reading delivered with candour and a great sense of FUN! I would recommend this book to any Entrapreneur, forward-thinking HR/OD person, Line Manager and/or to anyone wanting to understand how she/he can more effectively drive her/his career forward.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This bible has everything that I need to understand God's word.  Great book.  It has easy access to any part of the bible that I need to go to.  It is easy to use in church, no heavy book to lug around.
B002PQ7JQK|5.0|The product came in a very timely fashion and my husband loved it! he is a huge star trek fan and this was the best package gift he said he got!
B004HO6I2E|5.0|By now, you've all read the details on `this is a switch of a family man vs a slacker' blogs. So this is a short blog on my appreciation for this hilarious film. Those who panned it are probably chicks.<br /><br />This is by far the best and funniest `switch' movie I have ever seen. All the others are chick flicks. THIS is not. It is a guy flick and funny as hell.<br /><br />First off, Jason Bateman gets to be the `guys guy'  FINALLY. He gets to swear, cup his coinpurse, and do everything he has never been cast to do. Ryan Reynolds is hilarious as Bateman's character trying to deal with his horrible slutty, slacker life, and Bateman does a great job playing Reynold's slacker character trying to deal with Bateman's button down collar life. Confused? WATCH THE DVD.<br /><br />Projectile baby poo in the face, a lunatic nympho preggo, a hot wife on the toilet cursing Thai food and advising a scented candle, woofing on your bud's co-worker, and peeing in a magical fountain causing a city-wide power outage....okay, does it get any better? This is NOT your typical `chicks changing places' mindless Hollywood touchy-feely drivel. We've seen those films and they are FREAKING LAME!<br /><br />Bateman and Reynolds are phenomenal. Their best bud chemistry is excellent, and I for one hope they get to act together again. Get a sack, and watch this dvd. It never stops being funny.
1400069181|5.0|Reading START SOMETHING THAT MATTERS is the perfect introduction to the world of social entrepreneurship. Blake Mycoskie is the perfect guide to introduce you to this new world because he practically is a pioneer of the field. Blake (and the whole TOMS team) has set the standard for creating a business with a social cause at the center of its business plan.<br /><br />My favorite parts of this book were the little things that Blake did while starting up. The book details everything from how he got his first interns on Craigslist to how he would wear mismatched shoes to help spread his story.<br /><br />If Malcolm Gladwell was rewriting THE TIPPING POINT, without a doubt there would be a chapter on TOMS. Their ability to grow so quickly, and so organically, is mind blowing. In  START SOMETHING THAT MATTERS, Blake gives the reader an inside look on how he made it possible.<br /><br />Overall, this a quick and fun read. You can probably finish it in a day or two, and you'll definitely walk away with a few new ideas on how to better shape your story to galvanize your business!
B0055SWM08|5.0|The game is beautiful and the music is very calming. The annoying reminders have been removed. I have not one complaint about this game. Very nice.
B005HXGE9G|5.0|Saw Peter and the New Blood Orchestra at SPAC in Saratoga this past summer. This is a great way to enjoy his great talent.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|Had the watch for a year; love it.  I have had no problems.  Picks up satalites fairly quickly. I use it 4-5 times a week.  The only thing I wish was better was the battery life and or length of time it will hold a full charge. Not big issues just need to make sure i charge it!
B005PKOOT8|5.0|I am in love with this guy's voice.  I haven't chased after a song since I heard Melody Gardot at the movies.  I found Pablo while watching videos of up and coming Latin artists.  My experience with Latin music is miniscule.  I love Paulinho Moska, Alejandro Sanz, the Gypsy Kings...and now Pablo Alboran.  I can't believe he's only 22.  His voice is just so mesmerizing.  I absolutely love this album.  I don't think I've stopped playing it since I bought it today.  If you're reluctant to buy his CD or MP3 album, then do a search on this guy on Youtube.  He released some acoustic songs from his current album.  They're all great and I'm quite sure you'll fall in love with his voice as I have.  First song you should listen to?  It should be \\"Solamentu Tu.\\"  Trust me, after you hear this song, you'll find yourself humming ...\\"y t&uacute;, y t&uacute;, y t&uacute;...\\"
1419702238|5.0|As with all the Whinmpy kid books my kids were entertained with it. I like that they want to read it over and over.
B0048GZWVY|5.0|Clucking doesn't work. Repeated words don't count. Make it fun! Who says you can't be a bumblewhale? All submitted reviews are subject to lice and termites.
0545265355|4.0|THIS WAS A GOOD BOOK FOR THE YOUNG PEOPLE TO READ.  IT GIVES THEM AS IDEA AS TO WHAT THE FUTURE COULD HOLD.  WE MEVER  SEE THE FUTURE UNTIL ITS TOO LATE.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I love this book!  To me, it's like a cross between futuristic Gladiator meets Twilight.  I can't wait to read the other two books in the series.
0439023521|5.0|I love this book!!!!!! LOVELOVELOVELOVELOVELOVE! LOVE LOVE LOVELOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVELOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE.....I LOVE IT AS MUCH AS I LOVE THE MAZE RUNNER! CAN'T WAIT UNTIL THE MOVIE COMES OUT!I HIGHLY SUGGEST YOU READ THIS. THE BEGGINING WAS REALLY BORING FOR ME BUT THE MIDDLE IS AWESOME AND THE END IS BETTER!IT IS A VIOLENT,ACTION,ROMANCE,NON-STOP PAGE TURNING BOOK! I LOVE IT! DON'T CARE ABOUT THE OTHER BAD COMMENTS. JUST TRUST MEH. IT IZ AWESOMMME!!!!!!!XDXDXDXD
0385737955|5.0|I LOVE THIS BOOK! COULDN'T PUT IT DOWN! IT SURPRISED ME HOW MANY PEOPLE RATED IT ONLY 2 STARS! I LOVED IT AS MUCH AS I LOVED THE HUNGER GAMES. THE ONLYBAD THING IS I DIDN'T LIKE THE ENDING. THE WHOLE BOOK WAS GOOD BESIDES THE ENDING. ITWAS WEIRD AND DIDN'T FIT IN WITH THE REST OF THEBOOK. ITWAS ALSO CORNY AND CHEESEY. EVERYTHINGELSEI LOVED THOUGH. I SUGGESTYOU READIT XDXDXDXD
B003F3NEBG|5.0|By now I hope everyone with even the most mild interest in period drama or Jane Austen has seen the BBC Pride and Prejudice production. I'll not re-hash what has been said in nearly 2000 positive reviews on Amazon other than to say this is easily the best adaptation of Pride and Prejudice available today. Now, with the restored version available on DVD and the Blu-ray versions available the picture quality is much improved over the original broadcast in 1995. The sound quality is also good, many of the scenes have music playing in the background which is clear, while not interfering with the dialogue.<br /><br />It's really an excellent deal, if you haven't seen it before then you really need to. If you haven't seen it since 1995 as was the case for me, you won't believe how much work has gone into updating the picture quality.
B005K0HDGE|2.0|I can only give this book two stars! Mr. King does not know much about history.  He did not say what happen to RFK.   Civil Rights were JFK idea not LBJ'S.   This book is a love story about two English teachers and Norm Mailers opinion of Lee Harvey Oswald.   This book was love story and I hate romance novels!  This book was two long.   He should not have Kennedy on the cover it was not about the assignation and what would have happen if he lived. The world would have been a better place with Kennedy in it. Mr. King says that he is a democrat but he writes like a republican.   I do not recombined this to any one unless you are a Steven King  fan. He has written better books. Deb
B000HEWEJO|3.0|Everybody raves about this movie, saying that Christmas wouldn't be complete without it, and that it is Jimmy Stewart's best role.  It may have a wonderful ending, but this movie scared me as a little kid.  In fact, it terrified me.  When he shows up at his house and his own wife doesn't recognize him because he had never existed, it was maybe the most terrifying thing that a young child could imagine.  And she even looks like a completely different person - a harpy, compared to his real life, sweet wife.  Up until the end, it was a dark and foreboding movie, portraying the cruelty and heartlessness of people.  And so I don't have warm and fuzzy memories of this movie, at all, nor do I even think it is a particularly good Christmas movie, in spite of the final few minutes.  He is dissuaded from jumping into the river by an angel, and says he wishes he had never been born.  How's that for warm Christmas spirit?  But people seem to love it, and their Christmas wouldn't be complete without it, and so, may they watch it in the total joy of the warm and wonderful Christmas season.
B00003CXFV|5.0|I enjoy the copy of the movie. It is a great image and audio. I would buy another movie from amazon. They always have great deals.
B000YDG5W0|4.0|I've been needing a good pair of casual boots for a while now. I looked at hundreds of pairs of boots from many different companies, and liked the look of this pair the best, and reviews seemed mostly positive as well. Not having owned a pair of timberlands in the past, I was slightly weary as to how they would hold up, fit, etc. Reading the reviews here helped immensely.   Appearance:   The first thing you notice right out of the box is that the boots are a softer, waxy type of leather. I would recommend buying a protector for this type of leather as soon as possible, as it will greatly lengthen the life of the boots. They are rather light in weight, which is nice, and look great.   Fit:  After lacing up the boots I noticed that the opening for your foot/ankle is rather small when you lace the boot up all the way to the top, if you have wider/thicker feet keep this is mind as I have actually had to leave the laces out of the top three lace eyelets just to get the boots on. If you have thinner feet and smaller ankles it shouldn't be a problem. Also, I wear a 10.5 in pretty much every shoe/boot I have worn, after reading other reviews, it seemed that these run large, so I ordered a 9... It fits my foot perfectly... So really to be safe I would recommend ordering either a size or a size and half smaller than you normally would to get a boot that fits right.   Feel:  Great! Almost no break-in period... Pretty much put these bad boys on and was good to go. The sole is quite comfortable and provides plenty of cushion and support.  Durability:  These ARE NOT a boot I would recommend for anything but casual wear. Rain, Snow, etc., they do fine, but hiking up the side of a mountain, or wearing to the worksite every day, I just can't see them holding up. Just from wearing them around town I am already noticing wear in the sole, and the leather, since it is soft and waxy, shows scuffs and scratches easily (again I recommend the leather protectant.)  Overall, these are great boots for getting around town in all seasons, maybe even light hiking use, but they aren't really what I would consider heavy use/work/outdoor boots. They look great, are comfortable, and I certainly enjoy wearing them around.
0439023521|4.0|It is a very good book. I picked it up every chance I could and read it in 5 days. I think it took me only 5 days because it is kinda short, in comparison to other books I've read. Had I known it would be such an easy read, I would have ordered the box set.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|This was an early surprise Christmas present! and it is GREAT!!!<br />Really soothing, relaxing & a great selection of Christmas songs.<br />Everyone should add this CD to their Christmas music.
0062101897|5.0|Well, this is a MUST album for any Harry Potter fan or a video photographer who likes to read about the complete behind-the-scenes secrets, techniques and much more!<br /><br />I'm myself a video photographer and I was looking for a resource I could read about the creation of the movies.<br />I purchased 'Harry Potter Page to Screen: The Complete Filmmaking Journey' along with the 'Harry Potter Film Wizardry' and I guarantee that you won't be disappointed! It's not a regular book - It's an ALBUM! I was amazed by the size of it in compare to an iPhone at the screenshots here at Amazon! Just the experience holding it worth every penny! It's like holding a very old 'magic' book with a lot of goodies inside! ;)<br /><br />Overall as I wrote in the title of this review it's a MUST album for any Harry Potter fan or a video photographer!<br />I give it 5/5 stars.
1593157134|5.0|I enjoyed reading this book and Success Magazine.  Darren will help you to jump-start your dreams and goals.  This is a must have book in your library.
0061997811|5.0|Well, this is a MUST album for any Harry Potter fan or a video photographer who likes to read about film-making secrets, unpublished photography, artwork and more!<br /><br />I'm myself a video photographer and I was looking for a resource I could read about the creation of the movies.<br />I purchased 'Harry Potter Film Wizardry' along with the 'Harry Potter Page to Screen: The Complete Filmmaking Journey' and I guarantee that you won't be disappointed! It's not a regular book - It's an ALBUM! Including a lot of material within the pages as you can see at the screenshots here on Amazon. I was amazed by the included Marauder's Map! I came across the 'Harry Potter Marauder's Map' individual product which costs alone $35.00! I can't say if it's the same one at the same size but I can tell you that the one included in this book is well convincing and it's not glued to the pages, you can take it apart if you like.<br /><br />Overall as I wrote in the title of this review it's a MUST album for any Harry Potter fan or a video photographer!<br />I give it 5/5 stars.
B000O76T8Q|3.0|i wanted the full screen version, but got letterbox/ widescreen & they wont swap me...saying full screen is no longer available...which is a lie......
B004SJ3AXI|4.0|The first App my husband downloaded on our new Kindle Fire was the Angry Birds game.  He became so enthralled with it, that I had to check it out too.  I found the Seasons version and downloaded it and it's ridiculously cute because it offers Christmas themes, St. Patrick's Day, Valentine's Day, Easter, and Halloween.  The little pigs are dressed in season-themed outfits and the structures are seasonally decorated.  It's a very cute variation of the original game.
0385338686|4.0|The Undomestic Goddess is a fast and cute read, but it has the tendency to be annoying.<br /><br />Samantha works at a huge law firm. She puts in tons of hours with the hopes of being made a partner, but poor Sam makes a mistake and, literally, has a meltdown and runs away. The going was good up until here, when she knocks on a strangers door and is mistaken as a housekeeper. I cannot get past how much this annoyed me. Sam is getting a tour of the place and the next thing you know she making up all these qualifications about being Cordon Bleu trained, how she is a whiz at laundry, really it's all just so very unbelievable. Even more is that her employers don't ask for papers and don't call to make sure she's not a crook.<br /><br />Get past that, and the story is actually endearing. Sam gradually becomes a person who is not so grating and can actually do the simple things like turn on a stove or read directions (she's a top layer, but can't even read instruction manuals!). And hunky gardener Nathaniel is just too hard to resist! Even her employers, while being stubborn, lazy, and eccentric, are loveable.<br /><br />There were times when I wanted to scream in frustration and the stupidity of some of the characters is overwhelming, but overall I enjoyed reading about Samantha and her adventure of becoming a happy person.<br /><br />I give it 3 1/2 stars.
0307888681|5.0|This book was \\"advertised\\" in another publication. The title alone was compelling enough for me to want to investigate further. I then read the brief introduction and was hooked.  I got the book and was very pleasantly surprised. This was not your normal zombie book. The approach that Mr. Brooks takes with this book was refreshing and insightful. Mr. Brooks definitely takes some jabs at society but also takes a look at the human impact when fighting an \\"impossible\\" war.  This was a book that I found difficult to put down and I think that this is a must read for any casual or hard core zombie fan.
B005TQAI6G|4.0|If you missed out on the femme fatale tour ? Everything is there on this dvd execpt the 2 songs.<br />He about to lose me and burning out but can't complain I still enjoyed it.<br />minus 1 star for that and having ninki manaj ruined till the world ends in closing for the concert.<br />But the bonus remix cd is cool. Get that edition while you can.
B000B5OD4I|1.0|since i got the watch is being slowing down (loose like an hour every day), i tough it was me (the watch works with your movement) that i wasn't using it enough, finally i contact the seller and they ask me to pay for shipment (fine) PLUS 20 dlls to get it shipped  back!!!!!!!!!, they receive it 11 days ago (i have the confirmation) and no word from them!!    i like the watch, but the seller is not committed to the costumer.  update: i just got this answer...  \\"According to our system we have not yet received your watch for repair. Can you please provide us with the tracking number you used to send the watch back to us? This will help in locating your package.\\"  thanks god i paid delivery confirmation..
B00005N6KG|3.0|I've bought a couple of these headphones before. They're decent for low end headphones,  especially good for people who can't wear ear buds. Unfortunately,  this pair shorted out on one side within a couple of weeks. They're quite delicate but they are very lightweight and unobtrusive if that's what you're looking for.
0446547603|5.0|I have read all of Nicholas Sparks' novels, and this book is one of my favorites. The book is very different from his previous novels, but in a good way.<br /><br />Of course, like he's classically known for, it's a book set in the South, and it's about two people falling in love. However, the book also dapples into some darkness. It's not just a happy love story.<br /><br />The main character, \\"Katie\\" comes to a new town to \\"start over.\\" She wants a new life and a new beginning in a new place. She walks everywhere, in the beginning, and then gets a gift by a local business owner, who decided that he would rather give her this gift than for it to go to waste.<br /><br />Slowly, her tangled web unravels, and Katie's past comes to surface with the locals. You start to really understand her character, and understand more why she feel in love with the guy she falls in love with. You see her explain her \\"behaviors\\" and you why she chose a secluded location, perhaps we'll call it her \\"safe haven.\\" She starts getting to know the local town, the beach, and her love interest in the story.<br /><br />The book starts out kind of slow though, but I think it's in order to use a lot of foreshadowing, because it's really important for the climax of the novel.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|i love the angry birds seasons. you can choose any holiday you want! Its awesome! Its very addicting and well worth it!!! Great game!!
1451627289|5.0|This is the first and only Stephen King book I have ever read for various reasons but his appearance on The Today Show and the ensuing discussion piqued my interest so I decided to give it a try.  I was NOT disappointed.  The book is lengthy, 840 pages?, but it's a fast read, almost conversational.  Since finishing it I haven't been able to put it out of my mind.  I keep mulling all the possibilities.  Thought provoking?  Check.  Entertaining?  Check.  Will it be made into a movie?  Almost certainly and I'll be disappointed if it isn't given justice.  The book and Mr. King deserve it.  Seriously.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Great app to get on my kindle fire. Very addicting and i love it! I would recomend this to anyone. Great game to kill time.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Great movie! I was shocked when I found it for $3.99! Not sure what more to say. If you like the series then you will like this one!
0307595579|5.0|I can't review the books, since I haven't read them yet, but this book set is fantastic, especially at the sale price.  It has four hardcover books in a box set.  The books lack paper sleeve covers, which is actually nice-- it gives the books an old-fashioned air.  It's an attractive set.  I hope it's durable, as I think the whole family is going to want to read these.  Note that it's heavy, as is to be expected with four hardcover books.  It was packaged well for shipping-- no damage at all.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Warfare brings out the best and the worst of mankind.  \\"Band of Brothers\\", which is<br />based on a true WWII story, depicts the best of a small group of U.S. soldiers.  These<br />men were not extraordinary to begin with, but war tested their mettle; and they met<br />the full measure of what was expected of them - bravery, courage, honor, patriotism,<br />dedication, and trust.
B0058PJ6NE|5.0|If it says &quot;FREE&quot; in the title, I expect the product to be, well, free. MicroMacro, you will never get my business. Have fun with the negative reviews because you make a crap product. Make it free again and redeem yourselves.
B003YL4LYI|5.0|This book has many unwarranted, poor reviews.  This book was a necessary, 1000 page set up for some bizarre and devious medieval-fantasy battles.  Nothing happened?  Oh please.  Just because King Robert didn't die again doesn't mean that \\"nothing happened\\".<br /><br />This was my favorite so far in the series.<br /><br />My life is meaningless until Book Six comes out!
B0045IHS2G|4.0|This was an adorable album full of great music that set my mind at ease.  I first came across Belle and Sebastian on KCRW and I rushed over here to get their album, and I regret nothing.  Not exactly the best music for every moment, but a great thing to listen when you just need a break from your hectic day.
0307946711|1.0|I'm another poor sap who read this for a bookclub.  We spent the evening laughing at how terrible we all thought the book was.  The characters were all completely unlikeable with no redeeming qualities.  Neither of the main characters ever evolves, all their other relationships are with people without any good qualities and the whole thing was pointless.  The author starts the book by only explaining what happens one particular day a year.  Okay, interesting method and gives the reader a chance to ponder what may have led to what is currently happening.  Unfortunately,  about halfway through the book, when we get to a particular year,  the author starts explaining everything that happened the previous year since we last saw the characters, completely forgoing the entire premise of the book.      Don't waste your time on this one!
B0040PYVTW|3.0|I bought this after KCRW played \\"I Need a Dollar\\" over and over again during their semi-annual pledge drive.  I must admit, that song is definitely catchy and cool.  However, I wasn't a fan of the rest of the album.  I'm certain there's plenty of you out there who are big fans of this sort of music, but it just didn't hit it off with me.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|For me, judging an alarm clock comes down to 3 things. This app passes all 3.<br />1.) I've used it everyday for months, and it's worked every single time.<br />2.) There's several choices that are actually LOUD enough to wake me up if I'm in a deep sleep.<br />3.) It looks pretty good (doesn't look cheap), and has good customization.
B003B2C92G|1.0|I wish now I would have waited for a US release of this no menu no special features and it's not even the R edition I will never buy another Canadian movie again!
B003EYVXV4|5.0|all three books were awesome I couldn't put them down.. I wish there was more to the set... Now I cant wait till the movie comes out.. and Im sure it will be just as good as the books..
B005DKLPF6|5.0|This is just a solid collection of rocking songs. At times I was reminded of the glory years (70s) of Kiss because the songs are so catchy and clever. One of the singers even sounds like Simmons at times. There are also elements of their prog influence here. Overall, I would recommend this one along with their last 3 studio CDs.
B005OGYH90|2.0|I am a big fan of Slash, but this release was executed so poorly that I will probably boycott his next album.  I was very excited for this live \\"film\\" which Slash promoted heavily for 6 months prior to the release.  When the \\"Made in Stoke Special Edition\\" finally arrived, I was in for a shock.  The DVD does NOT feature the entire show -- just 5 of the songs from his last album. Slash's own website says otherwise. That's the first strike.   Second of all, the show was not FILMED -- it was videotaped. The 5 songs on the DVD look terrible. This is not a concert film -- it is an in-house video feed and looks like a bootleg. It was NOT professionally filmed. The camera angles cut from one camera to another so fast that it's jarring. The camera never hovers on one player long enough for the viewer to get any feel of the show. It's not special. It looks like it was edited by a robot monkey. Very un-professional. It's really impossible to enjoy. As I said, the camera just jumps, chop, chop, chop, like you're watching a row of security cameras in the back of a convenience store.  The third strike against this release is the \\"Interview with Slash,\\" which is listed on my Special Edition DVD, but sadly, does not appear on the actual disc. WTF. When I tried to skip to the next chapter to find the interview, the disc played what sounded like a cassette tape being eaten or re-wound, and then the disc ends. What a piece of crap!  I feel taken advantage of and disappointed with this shoddy, amateurish release. I hope Slash does something to make this up to his fans. I won't be buying his next album. Fool me once - shame on you. Fool me twice - shame on me.
1609611543|5.0|Boy, this book is great! My daughter had first got the book and gave it to me to take   home. I learn so many things about how I was eating the wrong foods, etc. So, I  order one for myself.  I keep it beside my bed and read it almost every night. I would say that everyone should have this book.  It would make a nice gift.  Thanks  \\"Giddy\\" of Austin,TX
030788743X|5.0|I read this as part of my work book club, and it was awesome! Were you a kid in the 80s? Then you'll love this. If you weren't, you still might enjoy it : )  It reads like an 80s movie, with all the adventure and whimsy you would expect, along with some of the slightly-too-convenient-to-be-true-isms mixed in for good measure. It's a fast read, but very enjoyable.
0897502027|5.0|BEST BRUCE LEE BOOK OUT, MUST BUY THIS BOOK IT'S A NEW EXPANDED EDITION. MUST READ TAO OF JEET KUNE DO.
1594744769|3.0|OK, I read this book and really wanted to like it. Apparently many readers think it's just great, but what am I supposed to get from it? What is the take away point to the story? Help.
B004SUWR2C|4.0|Looks nice and plays well on my fire. No issues to report other than occasionally lack luster touch sensitivity. The low rating overall mystifies me.
0061801313|4.0|I have not opened this product since it is a Christmas gift; however, the books seem to be in great condition and still in the plastic wrap. One edge of the box is a little dented, but that's understandable. Also, the product arrived five days earlier than expected.
B0044RUSZM|5.0|I have been using this laptop stand for about a month now with a 15\\" macbook pro. It's fantastic. The height is great (albeit not adjustable). The stand is firm enough to withstand vibrations when I knock my desk, but not firm enough for me to comfortably type on. That's ok, I use an external keyboard and mouse alongside my external monitor when I have the laptop on the stand. There are friction pads on the arms that prevent the laptop from slipping. There is also a little extra lip at the end of each arm to physically prevent the laptop from sliding forward. I know that a previous reviewer complained about that. Perhaps I have a revision on the design he received. I have recommended this to a friend w/ a similar setup, and he is enjoying this as well.
0545128285|3.0|I am a very big Harry Potter fan, and was enthralled when I saw that more books related to the HP world had been written.  However, this book is already very small, and the print inside is large with very big margins.  This was maybe a 20 minute read, if that, and I did not find the \\"Dumbledore commentary\\" to enhance the book at all.  For a small child who absolutely loves the series, this would be a very whimsical addition to their bookshelves, but other than that I wouldn't reccomend it.  This book is the book that Hermoine was given in Book 7 - The Deathly Hallows.  It contains short stories that are like fairy tales, but for non-muggles.  Although you cannot expect the quality of this book to be at the same level of the previous books, children that love Harry Potter would definitely enjoy these short stories.
B004LUS390|4.0|Disclaimer: I hardly have an artistic bone in my body. I played with this and didn't get very far. My son is the artistic one. And I've been quite amazed and what he has been able to pull off with his phone. It is good for him while passing the time and tapping into his creative juices. It is a little bit hard to figure out how to get around in the app but once he got proficient he seemed to be able to fly between different activities.  We got this on the day it was free. We both have EVO 3D's and it worked just fine on it. Installed and opened without any problems. We have both never suffered from any forced closures. So this programming seems pretty steady.  If you are artistic, you should consider this with it being only two bucks. Get past the learning curve and I think you couldn't do any better with what is currently available in the market.
B0063IH60K|4.0|simple, smooth and the controls just work. never have problems with inaccurate touch detection. game loads fast and remembers last position. perfect for quick games on the go.
B0064BCNA4|5.0|You only get one octave and there is very little music that can be played in there. In fact, it seems that if you CAN play it then you can find it in it's little playlist that you can play along with. It is kind of nice, they light up the keys and you play along. I was surprised to see a few of those songs, like Aiken Drum! I think that is a feature that youngsters with an interest in piano might find fun to play with! My only wish is that it would actually play those songs so that they can get an idea of the correct tempo and rhythm to keep.  All in all, it isn't bad for a buck. I wouldn't mind seeing a few enhancements...
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|My 2 year old enjoys this as much as I do! We have so much fun making pictures together! Highly recommended!
B000AP04OM|4.0|Before all you classic movie lovers scorn my title, I'll disclaim my review by stating that this is merely my opinion and you're in no way required to put any stock in it.    So, I remember positively hating this movie as a child and, as a result, I've gone through my whole life avoiding it like radioactive waste.  I'm positive that I was well under 10 years old the last time I saw it and I'm equally certain that I fell asleep multiple times throughout it.  My brother has been asking for a copy for years because he loved it and I've even gone so far as to discourage other family members from buying it for him.  Pretty bad huh?  So, finally this year I bought him a copy for his birthday and finally he begged enough and I watched it...and I remembered why I hated it...but now I understand the reason better.  I hated the music!  If you're too young to understand the premise of the movie (the impending war, etc), what does the young mind focus on? The music!  I have to say, the music writers got away with very little work.  Having composed music and written lyrics myself, I understand how painstaking a process it can be, but having said that, these music writers had it easy. Every song in the movie is the same music and lyrics, repeated several times over for suitable movie musical length.  They are not melodically distinctive and frankly wander aimlessly in the boring note range.  Another disclaimer, THIS IS NOT A JULIE ANDREWS critique.  I adore Julie Andrews and think she did a great job with boring music material. The only remotely memorable tunes in the movie are Edelweiss  and the song about the lonely goat-heard.  Before you all say \\"everyone remembers \\"The hills are alive with the sound of music\\" line!\\", do me a favor and try to sing anything past that.  Unless you're a Sound of Music fanatic, that's all you're going to remember because the rest is BORING!  Unfortunately that's the way all of the songs are, they have one short part that you remember and the restis sleeping pill.    Moving on from the music, the story is generic, but charming. Although I have to say, and I'm sure I'm not the only one to have noticed, that this story is just the musical version of Jane Eyre with more children and set in pre-WWII Austria.  The transition of the main characters in the two stories is nearly identical as well, but if you do it right, that's interesting to watch. Upon first sight of Christopher Plummer's truly severe appearance, I wouldn't have thought they could melt him as quickly as they did, but I thought it was well done, if a tad sudden. Then by the end of it he appears almost dashing. Without the underlying threat of the oncoming war, the story would have no struggle, and would therefore just be intolerably \\"nice\\".  However, they did have some pretty good suspense there toward the end so that was a good touch.    My bottom line, purely ironic as it is: I enjoyed the movie, but not the music.
B006BDHAX0|4.0|I love this game, but it shuts itself down in the middle of a game. Please fix this problem.
B0064BCNA4|3.0|Not the greatest...but not bad either. Not a great app for musicians as you only get one octave. Sounds remind me of my old Casio keyboard from the 80's.  This is good for little kids and those who may find it entertaining to play children's songs.
B0006VBFM0|5.0|The product was recive in the time and in the conditions spected.  N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
B004GYY714|5.0|Cant think of a bad thing to say about it... I love techno and house music and theres almost too much selection of free radio stations around the world.. every station I tried so far was awesome, and decent sound quality.  Works great on my Samsung Galaxy S2.
B004J2TPSI|4.0|The range on bluetooth reception is a little less than I expected, if I have this plugged into the headphone jack of my LCD TV, I can be 10 feet away and it starts to break up a bit.  It could be just b/c of interference from the TV itself...overall though it pairs very easily and does as described.
B005NPLXJ4|3.0|I'm a huge Lou Reed fan and am at least favorably inclined toward Metallica too, though not a major fan. My expectation was this is a Lou Reed album with a kick-butt back up band. Considering all the compositions are originally written by Reed for a theatrical play, the overall piece is pretty experimental. Reed does this frequently (Metal Machine Music, The Raven), but I can understand if Metallica fans are underwhelmed. I like it, but it's pretty loud at times and it's not Reed's best songwriting. But as a fan of Lou because he is completely unique and keeps on evolving, I am happy to add this to my collection. Metallica fans should wait until the band releases its next one.
B001UHOWW4|3.0|If you're a fan of \\"Breakfast At Tiffany's\\" then this 2011 BLU RAY reissue will knock your socks off. For the most part, the fully restored print is glorious to look at - even in the scenes where too much sepia shading is placed on the leads for effect. The outdoor sequences with Peppard and Buddy Epstein are faultless, full of colour and incredible detail (clothing, scenery) - and look like they were filmed yesterday. There's decent extras too (interviews with Director Edward Blake, members of the cast) and the dreadfully washed out old stock print used in the \\"Making Of\\" segment gives you a very good comparison as to just how improved the restored version really is.<br /><br />But for me - that's where the good news ends. I watched this with my wife - and even with Audrey Hepburn exquisite throughout (especially on the balcony-outside-her-window scene where she is strumming her guitar and singing Mancini's famous theme song \\"Moon River\\") - the film is staggeringly dated - and at times terribly leaden. The party sequence in her New York apartment is awful - with square types trying to be cool. And the amount of times the word \\"darling\\" and \\"baby\\" is said will make you cringe and not giggle with affection. I can't help but think that Capote's novella about a socialite/hooker got seriously watered down into forced farce because that was an easier sell. And while George Peppard looks the handsome leading-man part - there's little real bite in him. The Chinaman impression by Mickey Rooney (even by Edwards own admission) is a derogatory mistake that rankers even to this day. But it's the vapid pointlessness of it all that leaves you cold. OK - Hepburn could light up any shot - even when she was overdoing the \\"darling\\" dialogue. But quite why this Sixties tosh is considered a classic is beyond me - because re-watching \\"Breakfast At Tiffany's\\" in 2011 is a painfully strained experience - and not nearly as loveable or as romantic as you remember it to be.<br /><br />The bottom-line is this - if you're a fan - or have any love for this 1961 kooky movie - then you NEED to own it on BLU RAY.<br /><br />But if you're undecided - then I'd say rent it first - before a nostalgia urge costs you a purchase you'll look at once and never watch again...<br /><br />PS: for other superb BLU RAY reissues (including full restorations) - see also my reviews for:<br />\\"The Italian Job\\", \\"Saturday Night, Sunday Morning\\", \\"The Loneliness Of The Long Distance Runner\\", \\"North By Northwest\\", \\"Cool Hand Luke\\", \\"The Dambusters\\", \\"The Prisoner - The Complete (UK TV) Series In High Definition\\", \\"Braveheart\\", \\"Snatch\\", \\"The Ladykillers\\", \\"The African Queen\\", \\"Chitty Chitty Bang Bang\\", \\"Back To The Future Trilogy\\", \\"Brief Encounter\\" and \\"Kelly's Heroes\\"if you're a fan - or have any love for this 1961 kooky movie - then you NEED to own it on BLU RAY.   But if you're undecided - then I'd say rent it first - before a nostalgia urge costs you a purchase you'll look at once and never watch again...  PS: for other superb BLU RAY reissues (including full restorations) - see also my reviews for:  \\"The Italian Job\\", \\"Saturday Night, Sunday Morning\\", \\"The Loneliness Of The Long Distance Runner\\", \\"North By Northwest\\", \\"Cool Hand Luke\\", \\"The Dambusters\\", \\"The Prisoner - The Complete (UK TV) Series In High Definition\\", \\"Braveheart\\", \\"Snatch\\", \\"The Ladykillers\\", \\"The African Queen\\", \\"Chitty Chitty Bang Bang\\", \\"Back To The Future Trilogy\\", \\"Brief Encounter\\" and \\"Kelly's Heroes\\"
B0054N73EY|4.0|I was concerned after the loss of guitarist John Frusciante, but the new guitarist is quite capable. The band itself is mellowing with age. Hey, they're about to go into the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame. I have every recording and love RHCP. This is very listenable and sounds like a solid start with the new line up. While mellow overall, the lead guitar work is a bit more edgy than John's work on previous albums. There's bit more dissonance incorporated in his relatively short guitar solos and more guitar dominated compositions. But dissonance is not necessarily funk. Only Flea and Chad seem to be laying down the funk here.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|This app works get on my kindle Fire, allowing me to access my home PC on the road as well as being able to access my laptop, from one room to the next, because although I love my HP laptop, only my kindle Fire goes everywhere with me.
1461190460|5.0|Yes, this is a children's book - but it is so much more!  The tale of the little prince is a look at our world and the values of society from the perspective of a bemused (and slightly confused) outsider.  Contained within the observations is a gentle love story with a surprising and satisfying conclusion.  The Little Prince is a beautiful work of art, a brilliant philosophical treatise and a wonderful story, all rolled into one very easy read.  The only slightly questionable part of the work might be the ending - which I won't spoil here.  I would not recommend this book for very young children, but highly recommend it for everybody else. . . and especially for adults!
B004Y1USV2|4.0|Yes without Jon Anderson couldn't be Yes. Who dare to discuss this idea?  Buying this album I was prepared for disillussion (even though I like Drama). How many bands are keeping their names while they couldn't keep their spirit and identity.  But that's not the case.  Here you are served with true Yes music.  One epic track - \\"Fly From Here\\" and 5 good songs.  \\"We Can Fly\\", \\"Sad Night in the Airfield\\", \\"Madman at the Screens\\", \\"Hour of Need\\" are the songs recorded with the highest Yes skills. Music is really magic and brings fantastic pictures to the mind of the listener. It's like breath of the fresh air in the world of modern music. Music reminds of classic Yes records and in the same time the sound is modern and progressive.  The music that heals and helps to live.  Of course Benoit David is far from Jon and couldn't be compared with him, but on this album he did his work well.  The result is the real Yes album.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|This is one of the best mini series done by the BBC. I suggest anyone who considers getting it to just buy it! =)
B004UHPU5E|5.0|Well, the album is labeled as music by King Krimson Projekt, Robert Fripp, Tony Levin and Mel Collins are playing here, but be warned - it's not King Crimson album, so if you are longing for something in style of \\"Elepant Talk\\" - you'd better wait for new release from the band.  But if you are fan of soundscapes from Robert Fripp - this record is real gift for you.   Jacko Jakszyk from Level 42 and 21st Century Schizoid Band is playing role of Adrian Belew here - and he doing it quite interesting.  First of all you'd be surprised - it's the most heartful, lyrical, relaxing and sincere album by Robert Fripp ever (that's why I gave it 5 stars).   4 ambiental soundworld ballads and two more dark songs in the end. In general I waited for more impressive final tracks, but I'm frequently listening again and again to this album.  On DVD you'd find 5.1 mixes of the album, alternative stereomixes of each track, two soundscapes improvised in time of album sessions, official video of title track. More than 1,5 hour of music.   Fripp sounds fantastic. I suppose he brokes the walls between classical and modern rock music. So - if you are soundscape and ambient man - this is your album.
B004LWZW7E|5.0|Whoever came up with the underlying idea for this film--time is currency--is a genius! I vaguely remember reading somewhere that this idea was once put forward in a short story some time ago--can't remember where or by whom--I may be wrong. But I just love the idea that was developed in this film that time is currency and one pays for everything with time. Another form of capitalism, another form of poverty, another form of wealth, another Robin Hood character and his girl stealing time to give to the poor!! The plot was brilliant. I love good films--but in this, graphics didn't matter nor filming technicalities nor was I looking for brilliant acting--it all seemed okay because what made this a stimulating, excellent film for me was its masterful, creative plot. Imagine breaking into a bank to steal time, or literally, physically robbing people of time! And a timekeeper is truly a timekeeper! Mind-boggling, so very symbolic; man in any world will always be man--rotten to the core, with a few good guys who will always sacrifice themselves for humanity. Brilliant!
0470876417|4.0|Excellent guide to review an existing or creating a new business model.  Used with the i-pad tool or just on a white board, the book approach advised is simple, allows to make many what \\"ifs\\", and makes the team think creatively without using any fancy theory.  Yet the results are amazing as an excelleny base to then deveop the corresponding business plan.
1451627289|5.0|Stephen King is once again able to tell an amazing story that leaves its mark on you well after you have finished reading.  He has a way of bringing his characters to life and making you sympathize with them. I love how he blends in pieces from previous books - in this case It.  I thought this was King back at his best form, which I was glad to see since I thought The Dome was a bit of a disappointment.  This is a must-read for all Stephen King enthusiasts. Can't wait till his next book comes out - when will that be?
B003L1ZXCU|5.0|I'm glad I had both Daemon and FreedomTM when I started reading Daemon.  Once I started reading I had a hard time putting it down, and I went straight to FreedomTM.  Excellent read and very thought provoking.  Hope Suarez writes another soon.
B004LOMB2Q|1.0|not that useful without being able to paste text into notes (using on a kindle fire)  seems like a no brainer
B005Z271Y6|5.0|It's rare nowadays to buy a music DVD for actual \\"Music\\" and on this Dvd it's only about the music, great music! Adele's voice is stunning, great audience interaction and the sound and picture quality are simply amazing. This is a MUST for those that loved her \\"21\\" and \\"19\\" albums. It won't disappoint at all i'm simply in awe!
B0058VW36U|5.0|pretty awesome app, beat it in 3 days, but lots of challenges, and is overall fun. id definatly recommend this app for only people who.have patience haha
B0041KKYEW|5.0|After I heard this was film very dark and centered around a ballerina I was hesitant to see it. I really did not know what to expect going in, but I was blown away leaving the theater. This film was easily my favorite movie of 2010 (an outstanding year by the way) and it stuck with me for weeks. This is a movie you will be thinking about long after you watched it. The acting was phenomenal, Portman certainly deserved her Oscar win. The intensity of this movie is off the charts, the final act is so good, I could hear my heart pounding when it finally finished. On top of this the score is incredible, the adaptation of Swan Lake is ingenious. This is a psychological thriller not to be missed, and if possible see it on the biggest screen you can with surround sound.
B005LAJ16I|1.0|This new series started on top,but with the nonsense last two episode :they killed it!!!!, I don't like the series that I have to see the complete season to know whats going to happen at the end,but like 24 I made an exception....Wrong decision! It seems they are going to make a few seasons before to know a few things ,my advice don't buy it if you don't want to lose your money and time,go for \\"Person of interest\\"  or \\"Hawaii Five- O\\" .I won't be watching season 2,i'm totally disappointed.
B0064BCNA4|5.0|I had the free version of this app on my phone and our Kindle Fire. It was fun even as a free app. so excited to have the full version now! My 2.5 year loves playing it in the free play mode on our Fire. (what little kid does love making noise?) Great app!
B000FC2L1E|5.0|I have been a HUGE fan of Diana Gabaldon for a long time now and really enjoyed The Voyager.  It's a great love story that surpasses time.  Filled with history, adventure, lost love, new love and just the right amount of sex.  The characters come to life with every turn of the page and it's very difficult to put down.  The love that is shared in this book left me craving for a man just like Jamie.  I highly recommend this book and the series.  I would warn you though, that the later books can tend to drag in places, leaving you wanting Diana to just get on with the story, but if you love the characters as much as I did you will want to continue reading.
B0064BCNA4|2.0|Clicks, static, hissing, and lag make this piano app seem unpolished and thrown together. hit a key and always second guess if you actually hit it because of the lag. doesn't handle multitouch well either. on a Droid bionic
B001UV4XHY|5.0|This is by far the best movie in the HP series! Put it together with the second part and you have hours of great movie watching ahead of you!
0312330863|5.0|great experience.  purchased the book for my dad.  he has really enjoyed reading it.  came in good shape.  good price.  good timing
0553328255|5.0|Sherlock and Watson are fun, interesting characters worth knowing. I found myself skimming the forward because an analysis of these characters meant little to me since I hadn't yet read any of the stories. It may have made more sense as an afterward. Ha!
B001UV4XIS|5.0|The Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part Two DVD I purchased arrived earlier than originally expected and was in great condition.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|a lot of complaints about ads... I downloaded to my kindle and the ads are very small and in the upper right hand corner. very ignorable and doesn't affect play :)  the same loveable birds we are all addicted to!
B0050PYNP8|1.0|So the lesson of this movie came off as \\"Atheism = smart\\" & \\"insert-religion(but especially Christian) = dumb as a rock\\"<br /><br />And one of Paul's assertions that all of Christianity could be proved false by the existence of an extraterrestrial, was about as moronic as the \\"banana being an atheists nightmare\\" (google it) since it proves the existence of God \\"because its built for easy snacking by humans\\" .<br /><br />I have enjoyed past movies with these actors... I thought they where above religious pissing contests... Oh well.<br /><br />As a Christian, I found this film offensive... it grouped all \\"God believers\\" into one backward hick frame of mind. And really? if you cut all of the religion bashing out, there wasn't much else.<br /><br />Its easy to laugh when the one being mocked is not your personal belief system. I generally try to stay away from belief/life-style bashing films. They degrade people and if this film had talked non-Christians being idiots and gays being [insert something offensive], there would be a lot less positive reviews.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Really enjoy this puzzle game. Music is soothing, all around good purchase. Had image rendering issues at first, but I re-downloaded it and everything looks great on my kindle fire.
B006MGDVFM|5.0|This biographical documentary is profoundly great on multiple levels.<br /><br />We learn something about racing, but more importantly we get a real sense of what kind of man Senna was: intelligent, reflective, articulate, and humble, but also very ambitious.  He couldn't be truly happy unless he achieved all that he knew he was capable of, compelled almost against his will to self-actualize - unfortunately in a sport where the penalty for small mistakes could be grave.<br /><br />We also learn about Senna's connection to other people, especially the people of Brazil, who were badly struggling at the time and needed someone like Senna as evidence that their country was capable of greatness and had hope.<br /><br />I found this documentary to be beautifully crafted and deeply moving, though of course also deeply saddening at the end.
B000FDEUFS|5.0|The Allman Brothers Band / Eat a Peach (Deluxe 2 CD expanded edition):  Listening to the Allman Brothers live is always a treat. Even those who have the 'Fillmore' CDs will find joy in owning this expanded 2 CD 'Eat a Peach' set.  The original Eat a Peach LP was wonderful, this expanded CD turns joy into ecstasy.  Five Stars
1451648537|5.0|In my opinion, this is among the most important business biographies ever written. Given the number of other reviews that have already appeared, there really isn't much left for me to say that has not already been said. However, I thought it might be helpful to those who have not as yet read the book to share my thoughts about the lessons to be learned from what Walter Issacson reveals about Steve Jobs as another calendar year begins.<br /><br />o Perfection is a journey, not a destination, and it should be pursued intensely in every domain of one's life<br />o There are no insignificant details<br />o Very Good is the enemy of Great<br />o Great is the enemy of Insanely Great<br />o Steal only the best from the best and then make it better<br /><br />Among the treasures he \\"borrowed\\":<br /><br />Make everything as simple as possible...but no simpler (Albert Einstein)<br />Vision without execution is hallucination (Thomas Edison)<br />Life is either a daring adventure or nothing  (Helen Keller)<br />The essence of strategy is choosing what not to do (Michael Porter)<br />God (or Whatever) is in the details and Less is more (Mies van der Rohe<br />The Devil is in vague generalities (Gustave Flaubert)<br />Graphical user interface or GUI (Xerox PARC)<br /><br />Issacson visited Jobs just before he died. They discussed death and the possibility of an afterlife. \\"I'll like to think that something survives after you die.\\" Then he fell silent for a very long time. \\"But on the other hand, perhaps it's like an on-off switch,\\" he said. [begin italics] Click! [end italics] And you're gone. \\"Maybe that's why I never wanted to put on-off switches on Apple devices.\\"
B00007KWHP|5.0|Yes / Fragile : This album was on the cutting edge of Rock when it was released in 1972.  It remains a challenging piece of music.  It falls in and out of favor from one year to another, but there is no doubt that this is a Masterpiece album.  Five Stars.
B000I0QK74|5.0|I bought this album (and a few others) to use for a Chritmas folk show I present on local Community radio, and have to say that James warmth makes it stand out from the rest. In concert, he always makes you feel that you are sharing the night with him in your lounge room, and he somehow has managed to also do that with this album. The songs are all familiar, but the warmth of his presentation, and the great arrangemants, give this CD his special touch.  Would thoroughly recommend
B000002J6F|5.0|Stephen Stills / Manassas: this was a double LP with each of the four sides given a title (The Raven, The Wilderness, Consider, and Rock N Roll is here to stay) and it is a classic in Country-Rock history.  This is Stephen Stills' Masterpiece.  This is a huge musical statement done to near perfection.  This album deserves a Sixth Star.
B002ZG4QB6|5.0|Having decided not to go to the concerts, I decided to have my own \\"take-home\\" version.   I was not disappointed!   Cliff's ususal totally professional presentation, The Shadows backings, and their own numbers, are all presented impecably, and I have already watched the concert a few times.  If you have enjoyed their music in the past, you'll love this video!
B000002KE2|5.0|Black Sabbath / Vol. 4 :  This was the last great BS album.  Most of the songs here are excellent; through they have sadly abandoned the imaginative nature of their \\"Master of Reality\\" album.  Still, the hard driving songs, and even the texture of the softer ones, earn this album Five Stars.
B000HBKCDC|4.0|While not all the songs are the ones you'd expect, this is none-the-less a great selection, and would be a very enjoyable background for your Christmas day.  I especially liked the arrangement of \\"War Is Over/Happy Christmas\\", and felt it was even better than the Lennon original, which is not often the case!  Would recommend.
B000E6EJAC|4.0|Mott The Hoople / All The Young Dudes:  The Bowie Title Track is the big hit here.  Hoople even manages to out do Lou Reed with their version of \\"Sweet Jane\\".  However, as enjoyable as the rest of the album is, it only manages to rate four stars.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|This book is addictive; I couldn't put it down because I had to know what was to happen next.  Ultimately though, as many have pointed out, the book is something of a pot-luck of other stories - 1984, brave new world, running man... It is a testament to Ms. Collins' story telling ability that she can take old ideas and make them exciting again.  Overall, these are entertaining books that do lack some originality, and suffer from some logical inconsistencies.  Why would a culture that has developed forcefields and hovercrafts with cloaking mechanisms depend on coal as an energy source?  The incorporation of genetically enhanced 'Mutts' is unnecessary and I found that this element took me OUT of the story.  If you are looking for a quick entertaining series of novels, these are for you.  If you are looking for a deep geniune introspection into the darker elements of human nature, look elsewhere.
B00006LLOG|3.0|Lou Reed / Transformer (bonus tracks edition):  \\"Walk on the wild side\\" is the big hit from this album.  Overall, this is not one of Reed's best works.  For all the talk of this being Reed's `glam rock' album, it just boring.  Three Stars
B004SUDQ4U|5.0|Love this movie!!!!! I wish that they would remake the the long long version over to the quality of this one. This bersion is much longer that the CD version.
B000001EQT|5.0|T. Rex / The Slider (1997 bonus tracks CD - Chronicles):  This is one of Marc Bolan's best albums.  There are only a couple of `hits' here, but the album is excellent.  The 1997 CD has the original 13 tracks (well remastered) plus the three bonus tracks, \\"Cadillac\\", \\"Thunderwing\\" and \\"Lady\\".  This is a Five Star album.
0395389496|4.0|Great edition of the original book.  Bound very well and excellent illustrations and type-face.  The red sticker on the cover is annoying and leaves glue residue when you take it off..we were lucky it did not rip the cover itself, which it could have possibly done.
B00001OH7P|5.0|David Bowie / The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars:  One of the biggest albums of the early 1970's, it still holds up all these decades later.  This is a Masterpiece album.  Highly Recommended.<br /><br />The best version to get is the RYCO, 5 bonus tracks CD (if you can find it at a decent price).
B000WMFZMY|4.0|I enjoy this movie EL CID.  One of Charlton Heston's good hero movies about the legendary medieval Spanish knight Rodrigo, an almost \\"pure knight\\", and Sophia Loren as Ximena his fiance and later relunctant wife who although must \\"hate\\" him due to him killing her father.  Great plot and a great villian make this a movie to enjoy.  Herbert Lom plays an \\"evil\\" Muslim Warlord and leader who wants to rid the \\"infidels\\" Catholic Spaniards out of Spain once and for all.  In the movie, Rodrigo shoes compassion for some Muslim WarChiefs he captures and so his \\"nicname\\" afterwards is \\"Alsayyid\\" meaning great lord or chief.  I won't go into the rest of the story since I don't do spoilers.  The music is great, the scenery of Spain is beautiful, and the other actors and actresses do a good job as well.  Okay, now to my complaints about the film.  Ready?<br /><br />I always feel like this had the potential to be a truely magnificent and timeless film like Heston's other works such as \\"Ben Hur\\", \\"The 10 Commandments\\", \\"Planet of The Apes\\", BUT I think due to some overacting on all the main actors parts, the movie just falls a bit short of that.  I don't know why except maybe the director is at fault in this film.  Herbert Lom and some of the supporting actors are outstanding in this film though.  Plus, I hope they clean up the photography, because when I had this on VHS, the photography was grainy and overdubbing at parts.<br /><br />Maybe I am being finicky, I just wish I could say this was an OUTSTANDING film instead of a GOOD film.  One of a few movies that could of been truely a well recognized classic but just falls short of its goal.  But hey, it is a good and historical film based on actual events in the history of Spain.  Like Heston says in this film, \\"FOR GOD, ALFONSO, AND SPAIN!!\\"
B003W5C0VW|5.0|The Rolling Stones / Ladies & Gentlemen... (DVD): Selections from the \\"Exile\\" tour, this is one of the very best Rolling Stones Concert films ever made.  The only one I've seen that was better was the IMAX film, but that was a different time and (in many ways) a different band.  This DVD of the Rolling Stones in concert from the 1970's has stood, and will stand, the test of time.  A five star concert film.
B0064BCNA4|2.0|In the absence of note duration indicators, an auto play feature for the included \\"learning\\" songs would be nice, if the app is really supposed to be \\"educational\\".  As it is, it's an OK noise maker for a few minutes, likely so even for the target audience.  2.5 stars, rounded down.
B0019K06WM|4.0|David Crosby Graham Nash: This is a very good album, but not a Great one.  \\"Southbound Train\\", \\"The wall song\\" and \\"Immigration Man\\" are the main reasons for buying this CD.  The other songs are good, enjoyable, but not great.  A four star album.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I find that this video is so emotional and heart warming. These soldiers gave so much. Their story was presented accurately in this movie.
B003CLVTZ4|4.0|The Doors / Other Voices & Full Circle (two albums on one CD):  After the death of Jim Morrison, the remaining members of The Doors made these two very good albums in 1971 and 72.  Finding no support from the radio heads and little support from their record company, the trio ended The Doors soon after the second LP.  It happened that the record company (and the remaining Doors themselves) decided to believe that these two good albums were a figment of their imagination when they released more than one Doors box set claiming to have all The Doors studio albums included, without including these two.  No, these are not essential albums for the Doors fan, but they are not bad albums at all.  Each album separately would earn a solid Four Stars.
B005DYOK4A|5.0|I knew it was going to be a great album even before I purchased it & I was right. 'Homegrown-Live in Lugano' will not disappoint fans of this great Swiss band. The only negative comment I have is that on the accompanying DVD, is that  the subtitles during the band interviews are almost impossible to read. That's the  only negative. The concert footage was great & you will tear-up at Steve's performance, knowing that he will soon no longer be with us. You can feel the love between the band & their fans. The music CD captures the band at their finest, which is performing live. It's not just a job with the members, it's their life & you can tell they love what they're doing. 17 great songs plus the unreleased studio track of 'The Train' makes this CD-DVD combo a must-have for fans of Gotthard. Can't wait for new stuff with their new singer, Nic Maeder.
B000001EGE|5.0|Elton John / Honky Chateau (bonus track version):  This feels less like an album and more like a simple collection of various songs.  Yet, what a great collection of songs!  Every song here is a memorable hit.  An easy Five Star release.
0446573019|2.0|This seems like a complete rip-off of Lee Child's series of books featuring Reacher.  The parallels are too direct and numerous for it to be a coincidence.
B00000612Q|5.0|Rod Stewart / Never a Dull Moment:  This one is nearly a good as his previous album \\"Every Picture Tells a Story\\".  This is a short album (even by LP standards) but there is no filler and so it is just pure entertainment.  Rod even does a very good job is Hendrix's \\"Angel\\".  This one earns Five Stars.
1402790546|5.0|Briefly, this is an account of a single RAF bombing raid on a town in Germany, written from the perspectives of a variety of major and minor protagonists, in the air and on the ground, in Germany and England. The story takes you from the morning of the raid as the characters wake, go about their daily business and prepare for the raid, all the way through the raid itself to the end of the night as the bombers land and the survivors crawl from the rubble.<br /><br />It is a truly fantastic story, written by a master storyteller and to label it as fiction doesn't do it an ounce of justice. It is so meticulously researched that you'll put it down thinking you've read a dramatisation of a real event which, I suppose, it is - an event that was played out almost every night for four or five years in the middle of the last century. Indeed the research goes so far as to provide a glorious description of the design and cost of the Lancaster bomber, a chilling exposition of the tactics and effects of a typical aerial bombing raid on a civilian town and an AtoZ of a typical RAF bomber station. Despite this detail it is no \\"technothriller\\" and the story concentrates on the personality, problems hopes and fears of the characters and you will find yourself sympathising with many of them and disliking others (regardless of whether they're British or German). I love how the mundanity of the events portrayed in the early chapters starkly sets off the horror of the raid itself and while I have every respect for the bravery of the RAF bomber crews (as does Deighton) the book brings home just how brutal, cold-blooded and even murderous the concept of area bombing really was.<br /><br />Kingsley Amis rated this as one of the best books to come out of the 20th Century. I am not literary genius, but it's hard to disagree. This is one of those rare books that has sat on my bookshelf for nearly 20 years and has survived countless car boot sale culls and been read many times. In fact I think I might pick it up again tonight!p again tonight!
B002ZG975Q|5.0|Not sure why. Perhaps Mary Kate Olsen's ingenius protrayl of a modern Manhattan witch. Watch to the end... her last scene is awesome. The man with the ugly insides becomes truly human not for the dumb reasons of love in Beauty and the Beast, but for his own personal character development. I wish I had seen this moview twenty years ago.Great movie for teens... very little violence. No sex scenes. I thouroughly enjoyed this movie. I was confused at mid-point as to why female lead has to go live with THE BEAST. Not sure I saw the why, oh well.
0439023521|5.0|One of the best books I have ever read! NO spoiler alerts here. Living in a near distance future, the United States has turned into a semi-post apocolyptic setting with 13 individual states. The rich and wealthy live life free of any problems, while the poor struggle for survival in these 13 states outside of the central capital. Murder, Deceit, love, passion, caring, and other emotions come into play during this amazing reading of a lifetime.
B000002LEM|4.0|Much has been written about this album, and also about the Hagar vs. Roth controversy; rather than repeat what's been said before, let me try to add something new.<br /><br />As you can read in Michael Anthony's forward in \\"Red\\", Sammy Hagar's autobiography, Sammy brought something to VH that Dave just didn't.  Sammy was much more musical than Dave, and I don't just mean that Sammy was a MUCH better singer and could play a mean guitar.<br /><br />My point begings with the idea that music is the medium through which humanity can express that for which there can be no words.<br /><br />While you consider that point, also consider this:  Sammy's musical gifts put VH's music over the top.  Hagar's work with the band can't be presented as being more \\"commercial\\" than Roth's; that's just haters and nay-sayers trying to explain away the fact that VH with Sammy Hagar sold better than it did with Roth (all four studio LP's went to number one).<br /><br />Rather than being more \\"commercial\\" (\\"Yankee Rose\\" isn't commercial?  \\"Goin' Crazy\\" isn't commercial?  \\"Just Like Paradise\\" isn't commercial?  Get real!!), Sammy could communicate with his audience through music in a way that Roth just didn't.<br /><br />To understand what I mean, just pick a Roth lyric, and read it, sans music.  Don't think about the music, just read the lyric.  Strip away the guitars, bass and drums, and just read the lyric.  Consider what you are reading.  You'll find that when you bring Dave's melodies and singing back into play, nothing has been added to the depth of the lyric.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong; \\"Jump\\" is a great song, but it's great because of Eddie's killer keyboard riff, compounded by a knock-your-socks-off awesome keyboard and guitar solo.  Dave's melodies and lyrics fit the song, to be sure, but they don't exactly take it past the place where Dave found it, do they?<br /><br />Sammy Hagar's difference is that his melodies, and the undeniable force of his singing talent, bring a depth to VH's music that was absent during Dave's tenure.<br /><br />Read one of Sammy's lyrics; I suggest \\"Mine All Mine\\" or \\"Dreams\\", but go right ahead and make your own choice.  Read the lyric, sans music.  Now listen to that particular song.  There's a big difference, isn't there?  Sammy's musicality brings the lyrics to a depth and an impact that is undeniable.<br /><br />That's why VH sold more albums with Hagar than with Roth; the music was just wayyyyy better.  Eddie and Sammy complimented one another quite well, at least until Eddie's alcoholism destroyed their musical partnership.<br /><br />Roth had his moments; yes, some of his lyrics really aren't bad.  Yet Sammy just had a much more significant musical gift to offer to the band.  \\"1984\\" sold quite well, but Sammy's solo tour during the year 1984 grossed equivalent $$ to VH's tour.  His post-VH solo career has been consistently good with respectable sales, but Roth rarely achieves gold sales status, let alone platinum.  Sammy can tour with respectable receipts, but the last time Dave made any serious ducats touring was when he went out with ... Sammy.<br /><br />Yes, Dave is a great showman, but as Eddie himself used to say, \\"Dave is the rock star, I'm the musician\\".  Well, Sammy was a rock star in his own right when he joined Van Halen (just ask David Geffen if you don't believe me), but he was, and remains, a strong musician too.<br /><br />All VH albums made with Sammy Hagar are very much worth purchasing; if you haven't already, do so.  Hagar's musicality is a force to be reckoned with.  Dave sings great, but Sammy is a great singer, and Dave is a great showman, but Sammy is a class act.mmy's lyrics; I suggest \\"Mine All Mine\\" or \\"Dreams\\", but go right ahead and make your own choice.  Read the lyric, sans music.  Now listen to that particular song.  There's a big difference, isn't there?  Sammy's musicality brings the lyrics to a depth and an impact that is undeniable.  That's why VH sold more albums with Hagar than with Roth; the music was just wayyyyy better.  Eddie and Sammy complimented one another quite well, at least until Eddie's alcoholism destroyed their musical partnership.  Roth had his moments; yes, some of his lyrics really aren't bad.  Yet Sammy just had a much more significant musical gift to offer to the band.  \\"1984\\" sold quite well, but Sammy's solo tour during the year 1984 grossed equivalent $$ to VH's tour.  His post-VH solo career has been consistently good with respectable sales, but Roth rarely achieves gold sales status, let alone platinum.  Sammy can tour with respectable receipts, but the last time Dave made any serious ducats touring was when he went out with ... Sammy.  Yes, Dave is a great showman, but as Eddie himself used to say, \\"Dave is the rock star, I'm the musician\\".  Well, Sammy was a rock star in his own right when he joined Van Halen (just ask David Geffen if you don't believe me), but he was, and remains, a strong musician too.  All VH albums made with Sammy Hagar are very much worth purchasing; if you haven't already, do so.  Hagar's musicality is a force to be reckoned with.  Dave sings great, but Sammy is a great singer, and Dave is a great showman, but Sammy is a class act.
0393338398|5.0|Who is Billy Beane? A former minor/major league baseball player who was over-valued and turned out to be a bust. Moneyball tells the story of how Billy Beane rose to be a top General Manager in the MLB through the Oakland A's Organization. Being given the least money of any team is hard enough, but be expected to make the playoffs is a LONG SHOT if not impossible. Billy found a way, even through his troubles with his family, and personal self. His being over-valued showed him the true potential of players and how to not judge a book by its cover. He changed the face of General Managers everywhere and paved the way for future GM's on how they conduct business and scout/value players.<br /><br />Life isnt always about baseball, but how is that possible when baseball is someones life? How do you let a player go without being attached? How do you see someone for what their worth, beyond the name recognition and over-valued stats such as home runs. On Base Percentage (Amount of times you get on base and give you team a chance to score runs) is the most important stat in the world, and surprisingly the most unused. Billy found a way to use it and now he has a movie and a book based on him.<br /><br />What Billy did WASNT LUCK, but passion and determination to succeed for love of the game.<br /><br />5 stars, Excellent!!
B000FVQLQQ|5.0|I've wanted to see this movie for some time and for very little money was able to purchase it.  The DVD was in excellent condition (it it weren't new, I could not tell the difference).  It also arrived before I expected it.
0307593495|4.0|It's difficult to review any book by the talented Henning Mankell .  Do you review the books in contrast with each other or in comparison to other authors?  This review is written per the others in his Wallander  \\"series\\".   This book was about the disappearance of a retired military officer while on a routine morning walk.  More suspense followed involving others in his family.  To report more detail on this might well dilute some of the impact of the story.  The family of interest is that of Wallander's daughter's live-in \\"partner\\" (the father of their new born child).  I thought this aspect dragged the story down a bit.  Still, it was a different twist and a way to bring the relationship between Wallander and his daughter to the forefront as a sub-plot.      I noted in some of the lower rated reviews that some reviewers had not read Mankell's other books in the series.  I believe that would make a difference in how this one \\"went down\\".  Wallander was continually portrayed as a serious, and in keeping with the title of this book, a somewhat troubled guy.  He makes no cute comments nor is he a single guy dating the overly perfect woman.  This is not a Robert Parker Spenser type guy.   As I assess this book, it seems Mankell knew there is a time to quit .. or ... he just ran out of interesting approaches.  I felt that he created a unique way to conclude the series in a conceptually realistic way.  I don't have the credentials to assess the technical accuracy of the approach he used (as one reviewer did) which may have made the ending more acceptable.   My guess also would be that readers might relate to the book very differently depending on where they are in life.  As an older adult, I wondered if perhaps it was a reflection of Mankell's  internalizing life in the later stages of his own very solid career.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|this app is amazing I did not expect it to be as useful or powerfull as it is. The only little problume I am havering with it is getting my Pc back to its fullscreen mode but that should be an easy fix. Overall I would say buy it while its still so cheep.
1419702238|5.0|My students love all of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid books, even the students who don't like to read. One student returned Cabin Fever a few days ago and ask when Jeff Kinney would write another Wimpy Kid book. They are funny books!
B004H83IM8|5.0|Both the box and dvds seem to be in excellent condition.  It will be given as a Christmas gift - I know my son will love it!!
0345444051|1.0|I am a fan of science fiction, and I wanted to read Childhood's End after hearing it is supposedly one of the best novels in the sci-fi  genre.  Maybe my expectations were too high, but I just didn't enjoy it.<br /><br />I won't belabor this review by posting a synopsis;  I'll just summarize my general impression of the book (SPOILERS ahead).<br /><br />First off, the characterization is extremely weak.  I understand that some science fiction is more plot driven than character driven, but I still think it is important to write good characters.  None of the characters in this book were all that dynamic or multi-layered.  The human characters were very similar to one another.  The same can be said of the aliens (the overlords).<br /><br />Prior to reading this novel, I was unaware that Clarke was an atheist.  However, his disdain for God and religion in general becomes clear throughout the novel.  The overlords are described as having horns and a tail.  It's interesting that the race that comes to save the humans from themselves is given the physical attributes of the devil.  After the overlords come to Earth, all religions are eliminated as false by the overlords (who are apparently omniscient themselves).  Here is a direct quote from the book regarding religion:  \\"Within a few days, all mankind's multitudinous messiahs had lost their divinity. Beneath the fierce passionless light of truth, faiths that had sustained millions for twice a thousand years vanished like morning dew.\\"<br /><br />Despite showing a level of condescension toward people who believe in God, Clarke seems very interested in the paranormal.  Despite the overlords having dismissed all religion as fantasy, they are extremely interested in psychic phenomenon.  At one point during the book, an overlord is sent to a man's home to stay so he can study the myriad of books the man has on the topic of the paranormal.  In the same chapter, this man has a party in which he and his guests use a Ouija board.  I found the whole scene (complete with a woman fainting) to be silly and it took away from the seriousness of the rest of the novel.<br /><br />My final complaint is with the book's ending.  We learn that humanity's final stage in evolution is for its children to join the overmind.  In joining the overmind (a vast cosmic intelligence), the children become essentially mindless zombies.  They lose all aspects of individuality and uniqueness.  Oh yeah, and the earth is destroyed.  I'm not sure how this is supposed to be humanity's triumphant evolution, as it just seems sad and fatalistic to me.<br /><br />While there were some interesting ideas in the book, it was just not an enjoyable reading experience for me.  I didn't relate to any of the characters (or care about them for that matter), I didn't agree with the author's dim view on religion and God, I thought the plot progression was slow for the majority of the book, and the ending was anti-climactic and downright depressing.  All in all, I would not vote for this book to be considered one of the best science fiction has to offer.  I might give Mr. Clarke another try, but this one certainly did not impress me.I found the whole scene (complete with a woman fainting) to be silly and it took away from the seriousness of the rest of the novel.<br /><br />My final complaint is with the book's ending.  We learn that humanity's final stage in evolution is for its children to join the overmind.  In joining the overmind (a vast cosmic intelligence), the children become essentially mindless zombies.  They lose all aspects of individuality and uniqueness.  Oh yeah, and the earth is destroyed.  I'm not sure how this is supposed to be humanity's triumphant evolution, as it just seems sad and fatalistic to me.<br /><br />While there were some interesting ideas in the book, it was just not an enjoyable reading experience for me.  I didn't relate to any of the characters (or care about them for that matter), I didn't agree with the author's dim view on religion and God, I thought the plot progression was slow for the majority of the book, and the ending was anti-climactic and downright depressing.  All in all, I would not vote for this book to be considered one of the best science fiction has to offer.  I might give Mr. Clarke another try, but this one certainly did not impress me.
B004EPZ06Q|1.0|Wish I could have taken a couple of Alan's roofies so I couldn't remember this movie.<br /><br />Most sequels are really an excuse to remake the first film but with less originality in hopes of capturing much of the same audience. There are exceptions of course to this rule; \\"The Empire Strikes Back\\", \\"Aliens\\", \\"Spider-Man II\\" are all popular movies where the sequel measured up to or outdid the first film that sparked it all but for every sequel that's good to exceptional there's 10 more that are just plain awful.<br /><br />\\"The Hangover II\\" belongs to the latter category. It's bad, really bad except for two brief inspired sequences that the rest of the film hangs off of like a poorly cut suit.<br /><br />The Blu-ray looks positively stunning with colors that pop, nice, sharp detail and depth but no matter how well you dress up a pig, it's still a pig or, in this case, a turd.<br /><br />Audio also sounds great with a nice 5.1 lossless audio mix has plenty of kick for a comedy and puts you right in the middle of the action.<br /><br />We get an \\"unauthorized\\" documentary by a \\"budding\\" filmmaker to uncover what REALLY went on during the shooting of the movie. It's funnier than most of the movie. Seriously.<br /><br />We also get featurettes on the director's style, shooting on location in Thailand, the monkey, \\"Action Mash-Up\\" which pointlessly compiles some of the action scenes from the movie, a very unfunny gag reel and a DVD with a copy of the movie (let's not even discuss what appears to be the reviled Ultraviolet \\"digital copy\\"). Unlike most folks I could care less about the \\"Ultraviolet\\" copy because I don't think I'll be watching this again. I'd rather watch paint dry. The fumes would be more entertaining than this film.<br /><br />\\"The Hangover Part II\\" does everything WRONG that the first movie did right and, with the exception of two amusing brief sequences is a complete waste of time. The film proves you can't go again or at least to Thailand without duplicating the same plot as the first film.<br /><br />I'd suggesting watching this only if it's free. Is there anyway I can get my two hours back?<br /><br />A summary of the plot follows (it'll save you two hours trust me on this).<br /><br />The plot is roughly the same as the first film except this time Stu (Ed Helms)is getting married (what happened to his first wife the stripper? We're never told). Stu has invited his friends Doug (Justin Bartha completely wasted here) and Phil (Bradley Cooper)his foul mouthed teacher buddy. Stu ends up inviting Alan (Zach Galifianakis)when he's pressured by Doug to his nuptials in Thailand. To insure that nothing goes wrong Stu has just one beer with his buddies but, of course, everything goes wrong. Stu, Alan and Phil wake up in a dive in Bangkok where they discover they've partied with Mr. Chow (Ken Jeong)and lost Stu's brother-in-law Teddy (Mason Lee).his only if it's free. Is there anyway I can get my two hours back?  A summary of the plot follows (it'll save you two hours trust me on this).  The plot is roughly the same as the first film except this time Stu (Ed Helms)is getting married (what happened to his first wife the stripper? We're never told). Stu has invited his friends Doug (Justin Bartha completely wasted here) and Phil (Bradley Cooper)his foul mouthed teacher buddy. Stu ends up inviting Alan (Zach Galifianakis)when he's pressured by Doug to his nuptials in Thailand. To insure that nothing goes wrong Stu has just one beer with his buddies but, of course, everything goes wrong. Stu, Alan and Phil wake up in a dive in Bangkok where they discover they've partied with Mr. Chow (Ken Jeong)and lost Stu's brother-in-law Teddy (Mason Lee).
B00004ZBVG|5.0|The movie is great.  Used to have it on vhs and then lost it so wanted it on DVD.  I got the DVD in the time frame specified.  No problems.
B004G600A4|5.0|Everyone will <3 this movie!! Great for all ages! I've seen it over 5 times! Its one of my favorite movies! Definitly recommend it!
1451648537|5.0|I am a real Apple fan and have owned several Macs and ipods.  One of the most interesting things about the book is the evolution of Steve Jobs!  In the early part of the book I was convinced if he was born 5 years earlier or later he would have been a bum.  But as the story progresses his real genius at negotiating and at perceiving what people want even before they know they want it becomes apparent.  I really enjoyed the book and would highly recommend it.
0060936223|5.0|For someone who was not around during this era, this is a great look into the past at A time when things were so much different.  Patti Smith's words are elegantly placed to describe the perfect picture of the creative world in New York City in the 70's.  Even if you are not a fan of her music this is a great read.
B0031RAOVY|5.0|One of the best videos I have evey watched,the second vidio was given to a friend who loves it as much as we do. A well made and presented video
B000FCKGPC|3.0|So far, this is probably the worst book of the series.  It seems they gradually get worse by the number.  I have yet to read \\"A Dance With Dragons\\", so I can't really comment on that.<br /><br />It starts out very slow, and a lot of it seems to just drag on.  You really just want to get the main points of the stories instead of just listening to a bunch of random dialog from the characters. I found out that since most of my favorite characters have all perished and the others not in this book, I was disappointed.<br /><br />If you are a big fan of the series, I recommend reading it to keep the story going.  If you didn't care for the previous books then I wouldn't bother.
0393338398|5.0|This is a must read for diehard baseball fans, a good read for sports fans and an interesting story for those that enjoy well-written non-fiction. In Moneyball, like with each of his books, Lewis is able to capture and describe his characters in a realistic fashion and make them come to life. The stories of the individuals in this book was more interesting to me than the heavy dose of stats and baseball history, but I did enjoy the chapter on Bill James and the beginning of sabermetrics. Overall, this is not my favorite Michael Lewis story, probably due to the wide range of topics he has covered over his writing career, but like any good author, he has delivered an entertaining product with Moneyball.
B005DMNS4A|5.0|Quadrophenia is in the running for the best Who album ever. I consider it definitively in the top three, along with Tommy and Who's Next. I really like this reissue. The sound is very good in my opinion. Quite a few reviewers here are complaining that it is not \\"faithful\\" to the original. Pete Townsend's liner notes to this reissue explain that he wanted to get back to the masters and deal with some of the limitations of early 1970's recording technology to bring out the music the way it was intended to be. Pete Townsend was the creative force behind the Who, so who better to oversee a reissue? I like the way that the individual instruments were brought out in the new mix. I had the original vinyl LPs and feel that this reissue improves the clarity of the instruments and vocals. In addition to the improved sound, you get all of the artwork and essays that Townsend wrote for the Quadrophenia album and a new essay about the 2011 project. Finally, you get several demos that Pete worked on for release. All in all, I think this reissue is a treat for Who fans and a nice reintroduction to the classic Quadrophenia album.
B00447G29S|5.0|I purchased this BLu-Ray in 3D in preperation for my upcoming Home Theater upgrade.  I haven't yet seen this movie in 3D, but the 2D version was a noticable improvement over the DVD.
B000002QWD|5.0|I own the original 33 1/3 Album of this, as well as the movie White Christmas and now I have the CD.  This is a wonderful compilation of Bing's greatest Christmas recordings.  You will not be disappointed. Especially with the additions of Chistmas in Killarney and Mele Kalikimaka as well as the lovely Christmas carols you remember from years gone by. This is a classic you must own!
0385523912|5.0|I have been interested in North Korea for quite a while.  This book was my first real glimpse as to what the poor people of that country have to endure on a day to day basis.  The stories in this book have stuck with me still to this day.  I travel across state lines a couple times a year and think of this book every time.  How freely we here in America can choose to travel yet in this book one of the subjects wants to travel.  She must apply for a permit.  Wait for approval.  Hope to catch one of the irregularly scheduled trains.  And hope to be able to fit on board.    This is just one of many many stores.  And most are more disturbing than this one.  These poor people deserve better.  And with the death of Kim Jong Il 2 days ago hopefully they will get that chance.
B005H0IW6W|4.0|This is my first Michael Buble' cd and it is terrific!  His voice just makes me melt!  His take on Santa Baby from a male perspective is really cute! This cd is made for a night by the fire with the one you love.  Merry Christmas!!
B0063IH60K|4.0|I love playing solitaire.  This is a semi-mindless way of killing time in airports and airplanes or during the ten minutes waiting for someone...fun!
0756405890|1.0|I read this a while ago, and I'm still angry. The description *lied*. And it looks like they used the same one for the second book, which I will not be reading. The story seemed so much more interesting in the flash forward parts where he's an innkeeper, but no, the author had to delve into the past I could not bring myself to care about the whore he was wandering around with when there was that much more interesting girl throwing herself at him. So he's a stupid, arrogant little jerk who had some issues as a kid. Get to the stealing of princesses from barrow kings and all the other interesting stuff you promised me! Kill some kings like the title Kingkiller Chronicles promises. Kvothe's origin story is BORING! Move on already! The whore/love of his life (for some reason) was BORING! Even the \\"dragon\\" turned out to be boring. Don't waste your money, it doesn't live up to its hype.
B0064BCNA4|4.0|Fun little app. Enjoy the follow along keys.<br />Only the piano sounds are enjoyable, the other instrument sounds are obnoxious.
B001GM28HO|5.0|All the hit singles she has with so many more great songs. Excluding the first four songs on the album, my personal favorites where 'Boys Boys Boys', 'Summerboy', and 'The Fame'. You really should listen to the entire album; sometimes I think her best works are the unreleased ones.
B000HEWEJO|4.0|When I received this dvd I was very excited to view it!  I was really, really upset to see a very long advertisement for a \\"Lady Gaga\\" movie that went on and on before this movie started.  I have to tell you I was very offended.  All I wanted in the privacy of my home was to see again this beautiful movie as close to the original as possible.  The movie itself was excellent and came across beautifully in this latest addition.  But I hated having all this advertisement blaring at me before it got started.  I would expect this perhaps in a movie theater  but not in the privacy of my home! I suppose this complaint will quickly be put in the \\"do nothing\\" file.  Maybe I am a purest, but I dislike something beautiful being corrupted in this way.
145551389X|5.0|The photos by Terry Richardson here are just lovely. I love how not all of these pictures are of Gaga looking gorgeous and fully made up; the photos manage to perfectly capture just the \\"normal\\" things Gaga does. Gaga being Gaga.
B001AR0DS6|4.0|The record arrived promptly and in perfect condition, without any scuffs or scratches. It was wrapped in plastic such that it didn't even get wet after sitting in our leaky mailbox for half a day in the rain.
B003TZ9EGO|5.0|Great music remixed into also great music. Would recommend to everyone.  My favorites are the Chew Fu Ghettohouse remix of 'Lovegame' and the Pet Shop Boys remix of 'Eh Eh'.
0553801473|3.0|I have been overall disappointed with this collection.  Although this book is by far in my opinion, better than the last two and in general I enjoyed the book, it still makes me mad the intentions of the author and this is just becoming an endless story by the looks of it.  There are by far too many characters, I have lost count by now...I used to enjoy in the previous books the Tyrion chapters, it was not the case for this book.  It is a 200 page waste (probably :) ) of Tyrion trying to reach Daenerys, please oh please Mr. Martin, I do beg!! for once, can you please not be so superfluous!!! sigh...<br />There are still interesting actions in this book and there will be events to come that I would like to read, I do hope however that the author does have an intention of not writing more than 100 books on this series...<br />I can't believe that some people out there even compare him to Tolkien, I find this as an insult for J.R.R. and for other fiction authors that have written much better manuscripts than this.  I have read for now more than 4,000 pages altogether, when will it end? I hope it doesn't come to the point I've aged and can't read anymore and there are still books of this series being released...
B005WZZRD8|5.0|Let's just say that this woman is the one person I would do anything for. Her music makes me feel good when I'm down, and she is one of the most amazing performance artists of the century. The HBO Monster Ball Special is a must watch.
B004NELBPC|3.0|There are not enough of the pages available. I read the food, travel pages a lot. I like to read the women page and the black, Latino, and gay voices pages. five stars when these get here.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|fun but its extremly hard to get 3 stars i love the orange bird so blah blah blah blah what ever else
B005L38QK2|4.0|The [[ASIN:B005L38QK2 SteelSeries Diablo III Gaming Mouse]] is a well-made and comfortable ambidextrous wired gaming mouse. In most respects, it works as advertised. It has seven fully customizable buttons -- the standard right and left clicks, two pairs of buttons on either side [*see note below], and a scrollwheel button -- plus a toggle button (with a red LED that also toggles) for changing between two adjustable dpi (\\"mouse speed\\") settings. While the device can be used for general mousing and casual gaming, it is very clearly aimed at mid-level-to-hardcore gamers who want high responsiveness, high configurability, flashy styling, and pretty lights.<br /><br />The \\"ENGINE\\" application (which must be downloaded separately) allows users to create macros for each button, change dpi settings, adjust polling rates, and modify the behavior of the pulsing red lights that illuminate the mouse. (Turning the lights off altogether is an option.) Users can create multiple profiles using ENGINE, and can configure ENGINE to activate a specific profile when a particular application program (game, browser, office program, etc.) is active. ENGINE does not communicate with the standard Windows 7 mouse control panel, and it is much less intuitive than the mouse configuration utilities provided by Microsoft and Logitech. It is usable, but I get the impression that more effort went into making it look cool (with Diablo III stylings) than into making it work well.<br /><br />Gaming performance seems good, but not being a hardcore gamer, I'm not a good judge. Like most early evaluators of this mouse, I did not have access to Diablo III, which had not yet been released, so it's impossible to say how good a fit the mouse is to the game. Whether gaming or in regular use, I frankly didn't notice much of a difference between this DIII mouse and my old wireless Microsoft wireless mouse ... except, of course, for the greater reliability of the wired DIII mouse. The DIII mouse never frustrated me by, for example, flaking out in a crucial situation because of low batteries or poor reception.<br /><br />I never switched dpi settings within a game because I didn't need to. I rarely used the side buttons because pressing any side button other than the frontmost button on the left (for righties) requires a shift in hand position, and because, not being very dexterous, I always feared hitting the wrong button. I followed the suggestion of a reviewer on another site and disabled the rear right-hand side button and programmed the front button to handle a low-risk function. (It still got me in trouble when I accidentally hit the button, but that didn't happen too often.)<br /><br />I had some problems with the mouse and the accompanying software. First, some games allow users to move by pressing the right and left primary mouse buttons simultaneously. When attempting this, I frequently found that one of the button clicks was lost, so I got single-button behavior. This might be a defect in the mouse I received; I have not yet contacted the manufacturer. Second, the resident portion of ENGINE did not seem to be reliable in switching applications. That is, if I had a generic browser-friendly profile set as my default, and then began playing a game that was assigned its own profile, ENGINE would not necessarily switch back to the default when switching from the game to a web browser. Third, the ENGINE application froze on me a couple of times: once when I deleted the default profile, and at least once when I did something else it didn't like.<br /><br />Bottom line: The DIII mouse seems to do pretty much what it was intended to do. Its main advantages over cheaper competition like the [[ASIN:B0055QZ216 Logitech Optical Gaming Mouse G400 with High-Precision 3600 DPI Optical Engine (910-002277)]] are ambidexterity and better macro definition capabilities. These come at the cost, however, of quirky software and (for those of us who are no longer in our teens) overly flashy styling.<br /><br />[*Note] For most users this will be a 5-button mouse, not a 7-button mouse. The second pair of side buttons -- the right-hand buttons for righties and the left-hand buttons for lefties -- are more a consequence of the mouse's ambidexterity than an extension of its functionality. These buttons are difficult to use reliably and should probably be disabled (which the software allows you to do).<br /><br />P.S. As a possible solution to the problem I mentioned with depressing the right and left main mouse buttons simultaneously, Steelseries tech support advised me to plug the mouse into the USB ports on the back of the computer rather than into a hub or the ports on the front. Having sworn off gaming for a while, I will not be able to test this.<br /><br />P.P.S. After about 18 months, the scroll wheel began behaving unreliably. The hardware warranty is only 12 months long, so ... I'm retiring the mouse. I may not use the scroll wheel in games, but I do use it all the time IRL.ashy styling.<br /><br />[*Note] For most users this will be a 5-button mouse, not a 7-button mouse. The second pair of side buttons -- the right-hand buttons for righties and the left-hand buttons for lefties -- are more a consequence of the mouse's ambidexterity than an extension of its functionality. These buttons are difficult to use reliably and should probably be disabled (which the software allows you to do).<br /><br />P.S. As a possible solution to the problem I mentioned with depressing the right and left main mouse buttons simultaneously, Steelseries tech support advised me to plug the mouse into the USB ports on the back of the computer rather than into a hub or the ports on the front. Having sworn off gaming for a while, I will not be able to test this.<br /><br />P.P.S. After about 18 months, the scroll wheel began behaving unreliably. The hardware warranty is only 12 months long, so ... I'm retiring the mouse. I may not use the scroll wheel in games, but I do use it all the time IRL.
B0064T6LV8|4.0|my husband likes this game. But I think there could be better changes and it would be better. but its okay.
1582701709|5.0|Great book-- not the best of the best- but an added asset to this philosophy and definitely gets to the core of the issues
B004EBT5CU|5.0|She will be another consistant talent, not a one album flash.  Her heart is in her music. I can truly relax and feel her emotions when she sings and it ia calming for me.
B006FS22Y8|5.0|Today is my birthday and I bought this as a gift to myself for surviving all of the uncertain, scary, rocky, hopeless years.  Amy expresses them all for me in this album.  The release couldn't come at a better time.  Godspeed Amy-I'll eventually meet up with you at the next level and I will be seated in front row center, orchestra.
B003MZ0I84|5.0|I was able to see this group in Toronto back in Octtober and they are awesome performers. The music makes you want to get up and dance to not just one or two songs but all of them. They are my new FAV.
0679745653|5.0|Great book! Very good read.  I love the movie and the book is just as good! Would recommend to anyone who loves a good read.
B0064BCNA4|3.0|When it worked! Let me play for about 10 minutes then one by one the buttons stopped making sounds :( is this can get fixed I will reinstall.
B005I6EU48|4.0|The verso cover is lovely. I received compliments right away. And the cover pocket is a nice plus. Looks like a real book.
1451627289|5.0|Easily my favorite Stephen King novel of the last decade or so.  I *LOVED* this, and look forward to rereading it again soon.  I have no doubt it will be a favorite that I'll pull down from the shelf every year or two.  I'm a sucker for time-travel to begin with, but I can't imagine how anyone could read this book and not love it.  It slows down in the middle, just as it should and needs to for the story to unfold properly, but the payoff is terrific as far as I'm concerned.  For me, it's perfect.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|like it!like it!like it! love it like it ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha  Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
B0061S073A|4.0|This app does what it says it does. It would be nice to be able to access Quick Settings on toolbar to adjust volume and brightness. Also, was a bit buggy with Kindle eReader app.
B0055SWM08|5.0|perfect game for killing time, whether it be a bathroom buddy or just a way to make your Brain boggle. finally I have a reason to review something besides angry birds
B000AGTPUK|5.0|This is now our family's must-watch Christmas movie, a warm and wonderful story of children and adults reaching out to each other with caring and support.  And the animation is striking.
B0026WNGBA|5.0|Awesome book. Changed my running style forever. Not a run goes by where I do not think about the techniques in this book.
0451197879|5.0|First things first : I'm a french man, so take my apologies for my approximate english. I've been a huge fan of Stephen King since the age of 12 (I'm 43 years old now) and I like almost every King book, except Insomnia, Rose Madder and Lisey's Story). Roadwork is one of my favorite, even if it lacks supernatural stuff. I love the mood of that book, the winter, the meteorological background, greyness, the 70's flavor, and I felt very concerned with (by ?) the main character. To me, it's pure poetry, but I can understand why many fans are not fond of it for it's not a typical King book.
B004HO6I4M|5.0|This video was not even out yet when I ordered it. I got it the same day it was released by pre-ordering. I paid an outstanding price for it compared to buying it locally. It was brand new. I recommend this item.
B0013TXA5Y|4.0|City of Bones by Cassandra Clare was, and still is, an enchanting book. I got this book back when it first came out, and to this day, I still read it. It's very original, and the plot line kept me hanging on the edge of my seat.    Of course, all books have flaws. I thought the names were very cliche. All of the Shadowhunters last names were basically compound words. (Ex: Fairchild, Lightwood, Wayland.) It kind of was expected and not surprising later to come in the next books in the series. Some of the sentences didn't make sense, and a few different word choices were drastically needed. But hey, I'm a pretty reasonable person, and pushed those aside.    Now that I got some of the flaws out of the way, it's time to focus on the strong points in the book. The first thing that stuck out to me, was that she created this whole race of Shadowhunters. How cool is that! And it was footprints in a tattoo shop that sparked the idea. Clare has quite the imagination. It must of took a ton of time to perfect the race, and make it her own.       Next, she has a well balanced list of characters. Clary and Jace, the stubborn and sarcastic ones in the group, really made the story funny and lighthearted. Simon, the hopeless romantic, enhanced the plot of the story, and added a love triangle, (used a little too much, but who doesn't love a love triangle?). Isabelle added the danger and beauty, while Alec added the secrets-people-hide-from-everyone senario, which can be related to anybody.    Clare, really thought these books out. Even if you didn't enjoy it, this is noticed to all. If I were to write books, I couldn't be able to be as creative as her!     In the end, I really love these books. It isn't perfect, but what book is? I would give it a shot, and hopefully you'll like it as much as I do! Have fun reading this book, and enjoy the many emotions you will uncover as the story unfolds.
B004EPZ0AM|3.0|MOVIE NOTE #16: HAPPY FEET TWO<br />Directed and Co-Written by George Miller (`Mad Max films) - who also did the first Happy Feet film - this film takes a more philosophical approach top storytelling. Mumbles (Voiced by Elijah Wood of `Lord of the Rings') is back - all grown up and now a father of the adorable Erik (voiced by the talented newcomer Ava Acres) and because of a natural iceberg `disaster' the entire Empire Penguins are cut off from their food supply.  Erik and Mumbles are separate from their mother (Mumbles wife), Gloria (Voiced by the pop star Pink) and the rest of the flock.<br /><br />Strangely enough, the dancing plays a very keen role in the solving of the movies major issue, but I got the impression that Millers intent was to give lessons of courage, self-confidence, perseverance and faith in the ability of oneself - with in the plot of two story lines. One story being a family trying to get back together and the other story is between two independent Krills (tiny shrimp-like creatures) learning that they don't necessarily have to leave home to be an individual.<br /><br />Will the Krill (Voiced by Brad Pitt of `Benjamin Buttons') and Bill the Krill (Voiced by Matt Damon of the `Borne' films) have a hysterical romp and exploration of the world outside of the swarm. Learning that you still can be individual amongst your home, family and friends.  Also back for the film is the ever love crazed Ramon and the team leader of the Empires neighboring penguins Lovelace (both wildly preformed by Robin Williams od \\"Mrs Doubtfire', `Aladdin'). Also we are introduced to  a new `penguin' the Mighty Sven (Voiced by the amazing voice of Hank Azaria of `The Birdcage', `The Simpsons', `The Smurfs') who has a really big secret!  And back again is the leader of the Empire Penguins Noah the Elder (Hugo Weaving of `The Matrix', `Lord of the Rings') who guides the entire population of penguins to trust Mumbles and his plans to save the entire emprire!<br /><br />The music is amazing just like the first film and contains a couple over really well done remakes of Queen's `Under Pressure' and `We are the Champions' - but the story doesn't hold my interests as much as it's predecessor did. Little Erik however is amazingly cute and sentimental and has this vocal Lament that he sings for his father that turns the `bad' sea walruses around and `save the day'. The choreography is impressive for animated mammals and birds....and the arctic snow and soundtrack are impressive too!<br /><br />I don't know if kids would get the story, but they certainly would get all the sight gags, ice sliding, deep sea fishing and amazing 3-D color effects that make the movie at least visually interesting for everyone watch. Not to mention the toe tapping music. Not quite like (or as good as) the first film, but something for the family if have already seen `The Muppets', `Arthur Christmas' or `Hugo' - in that order- first!film and contains a couple over really well done remakes of Queen's `Under Pressure' and `We are the Champions' - but the story doesn't hold my interests as much as it's predecessor did. Little Erik however is amazingly cute and sentimental and has this vocal Lament that he sings for his father that turns the `bad' sea walruses around and `save the day'. The choreography is impressive for animated mammals and birds....and the arctic snow and soundtrack are impressive too!  I don't know if kids would get the story, but they certainly would get all the sight gags, ice sliding, deep sea fishing and amazing 3-D color effects that make the movie at least visually interesting for everyone watch. Not to mention the toe tapping music. Not quite like (or as good as) the first film, but something for the family if have already seen `The Muppets', `Arthur Christmas' or `Hugo' - in that order- first!
0385535139|5.0|I read all of his earlier books, until he left the lawyer/coutroom scene. It may be  me, but I hated his recent books. The characters in this book seem  believable and real. I am not an attorney so I do not know how real these lawyers and courtroom scenes are, certainly hold my interest. I do believe that not all attorneys do well and some struggle to make ends meet.   Mr. Grisham, continue in this mode and you will keep me as a fervent reader.  I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMMEND.....READ THIS ONE
B004LWZW9M|5.0|MOVIE NOTE #15: NEW YEAR'S EVE<br /> What a really wonderful movie. It has real humor, great complex characters and humongous heart. Don't miss this. Another great script from Katherine Fugate in the same vain as last year's \\"Valentine's Day\\" (which she also wrote)- this film has the same concept of 20 characters with 5 story lines that all end up in the same place and crossing each other's paths! Directed by Garry Marshall himself (\\"Pretty Women\\", \\"Valentine's Day\\", \\"The Princess Diaries\\", \\"Beaches\\") - the film takes the lives of a depressed and self-deprecating worker (Michelle Pfieffer of `The Fabulous Baker Boys') who is challenged and amazed by a young currier carrier (Zac Efron of `High School Musical') - and - a negatively scarred young comic book illustrator (Ashton Kutcher of `Two and a half Men') and a confident yet fearful background singer (Lea Michele of `Glee') forced to learn about each other in the confines of one space for hours - and - a mother (Sarah Jessica Parker of `Sex In The City') and her daughter (Abigail Breslin of `Kitt Kittridge') learning that although they have each other...they need to expand their own hearts to the opposite sex - and - a first-class Chef (Katherine Heigl of `Roswell', `The Ugly Truth') in a cross romance with a career driven rock star (Jon Bon Jovi of `Ali McBeal')...<br /><br />And - a lonely man (Robert De Niro of `Raging Bull') who's dying is befriended by a sympathetic nurse (Halle Barry of `X-Men', `Monsters Ball') with a major hole in her life - and - two pregnant mothers (Jessica Biel of `The A Team', `7h Heaven' and Sarah Paulson of `Serenity')with their husbands (Seth Meyers of `SNL', Valentine's Day' and Til Schwieger of `The Three Musketeers', Inglorious Bastards') competing for the births of their babies to happen before midnight New Year's Eve - and - a project coordinator of the New York New Year's Eve celebration at times square wh has a morale and social delema working through her job and her heart played by Hilary Swank (`Million Dollar Baby', `Boys Don't Cry') with the confused life of Josh Duhamel (`Transformers')...<br /><br />And - sprinkle in the memorable performances of actors like Cary Elwes , Hector Alizondo, James Belushi Sophia Vergara, John Lithgow, Russel Peters, Larry Miller, Jack McGee, Yeardly Smith, Ludacris and Penny Marshall (Garry's younger sister!) - you a very entertaining movie. You will literally, laugh and cry - sometimes at the same time too! Great family film with a ot of real-life typr situations that make all the characters believable. The best part - you think you know who is going to do what - and then - wrong! Great writer because of a strong story lines and believable characters. 12-2011ary Swank (`Million Dollar Baby', `Boys Don't Cry') with the confused life of Josh Duhamel (`Transformers')...     And - sprinkle in the memorable performances of actors like Cary Elwes , Hector Alizondo, James Belushi Sophia Vergara, John Lithgow, Russel Peters, Larry Miller, Jack McGee, Yeardly Smith, Ludacris and Penny Marshall (Garry's younger sister!) - you a very entertaining movie. You will literally, laugh and cry - sometimes at the same time too! Great family film with a ot of real-life typr situations that make all the characters believable. The best part - you think you know who is going to do what - and then - wrong! Great writer because of a strong story lines and believable characters. 12-2011
B002G1K82Q|5.0|I was doing some last minute christmas gifting and pushing it down to the last minute. i ordered i t friday for the two day deal. It was scheduled to arrive on Tuesday when i needed it already wrapped and ready to give. It came on Monday in the morning! Thank God! I will definately come back to this one in the future!
B00025E1UI|5.0|Great CD, probably my favorite soundtrack from the entire series. I was worried when I saw Uematsu wasnt the only composer, but it turns out the other guys were able to do a great job with their pieces also. Only song I dont like is the Otherworld track. I reccomend this.
6304711891|4.0|Everything I read about \\"The Rock\\" says the ratio is 2:35 to 1 but it sure looks narrower than that when I play it! Anyone else notice this? Tracy
0345529057|4.0|I'd watched a few episodes of the HBO series and hurried onto Amazon to purchase the books!  (By the way, they did a great job adapting the books onto TV!)  They are well-written and the story is amazing... I'm totally sucked in!  Right now I'm on the second book, \\"A Clash of Kings,\\" and I cannot stop reading!  My only criticism of the books is that there are soo many characters that sometimes I can't keep up, but that's ok.  WINTERFELLLLL!
1419702238|4.0|It was exactly what my son needs for Christmas and a great way to get him to read.  The series is excellent for kids 4th grade to 6th and even past that.  This is not only for kids that like to read but the reluctant reader.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|A must... The best way to record thoughts, pictures, business cards... Anything you need to remember. All in one place and backed up to your Web account.
B0057VDGNK|4.0|I really enjoy the first 4 songs with lyrics, after that, tracks 5, 11, and 19 are the only ones that are worth listening to, the rest of the music is simply ambient background noise. It really does remind me of Blade Runner (though not nearly as melodic or emotional) while still retaining Martinez's \\"Contagion-pace\\" as I call it (constant, steady and sometimes very compelling). Nevertheless, if nothing else, it's good background music to do homework or house-cleaning to.
B005JLN9ZI|5.0|Love it! It shows his maturity and why he stands out at a individual artist! He has that confidence that is sometimes unexpected as a Canadian rapper/lyricist. I love that he can shrugg off the \\"haters\\" and sing to the ladies :)
B0050SYS5A|2.0|bought zoom for same reason others would. same issues. it does make space required much smaller. the screen that shows the plaer is super fuzzy and tracking is bad. i did call customer support and the are next day mailing me a new one. INTERESTING NOTE: the customer rep told me that often the lens INSIDE the zoom gets fudged loose so i hope tha'ts the case with mine. but does maximize space and 2 can play in space 1 used too.
0385535139|2.0|I'm normally a big fan of John Grisham, and was excited to read his latest, The Litigators.  However, I found myself wondering when it was going to get good...I made it for about 80 pages, and then just gave up.  I was very disappointed, as I loved The Street Lawyer and The Firm.  Hopefully he'll go back to what he was one of the best at, suspenseful legal thrillers, and soon!
B0063GORYU|5.0|I finally get this game, and this app makes it so fun! Perfect format. Definitely get it, it's free for God's sake!
B004OZOTSQ|1.0|I use this with Lenovo A1 tablet (much nicer than a Nook or Fire in the same price range).  it needs a progress meter and an off switch, but every feature it does provide is tops.<br /><br />Update:  With the advent of Microsoft Skydrive for Android app,  this is now pretty much obsolete.
B004EC5IUW|5.0|The movie is simply amazing to put it shortly.  Lacks extra's and the packaging is inconsistent with 1.11, a bunch of orange flakes came off my cardboard sleeve.
1451648537|2.0|This book is overly detailed. Why Isaacson thinks writing about how Jobs couldn't find his VHS copy of \\"Platoon\\" is beyond me.  Certain product launches were retold in excerpts line by line.  Sometimes certain phrases, stories, or even exact quotes are repeated verbatim in a manner that insist Isaacson believes his audience has a truly low reading comprehension.   At first, I thought Issacson painted a fair picture; his words show jobs at his most brilliant and brutal. But by the end, his love for Jobs and Apple overpower the rest of the book.  The last chapter in particular is borderline unreadable; it's sounds like a fanatical fanboy's Apple love-rant.  He again recounts Job's inventions in a list, as if you already forgot.  Each chapter follows a certain chapter in his life, but with no respect to linear storytelling. One chapter can span 30 years and then the next chapter starts back in 1985. The result is a story that doesn't flow as well as it should.  Overall, the book is not balanced, well written, or intelligent.  Isaacon comes out and tries to paint Jobs as the most brilliant CEO of our time.  If you're looking for that book, read up on Jack Welsh.  I think being in love with Jobs and Apple in a prerequisite for enjoying this excuse for a biography.
B001H9MWW2|4.0|Great CD. My husband isn't a Coldplay fan so I play the CDs in my vehicle when I'm driving but I love their music and will buy what I can find from Amazon. I haven't had one problem from Amazon after receiving any CDs I've bought or Kindle Downloads since I purchased my Kindle May, 2011. Keep up the great work.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This is an excellent app that allows you to create, save and access notes and lists from all your devices.  Everything is synced.  Highly recommended.
B0053YGYO4|4.0|Where do they get these CD Names? LOL Coldplay is one of my favorite groups and I've purchased as many CDs as I can find from Amazon at very reasonable prices because they are so easy to buy with one click. I travel with my work away from home and I listen to CDs everytime rather than the local or whatever radio station I have to search for in my vehicle where you have to listen to what they play, not what you want to hear al the time. This CD by Coldplay is a great CD to listen to while driving long distances and I will continue purchasing more CDs from Amazon without complaint.
0307959856|4.0|As soon as I heard of the combination of James and Austen, I just knew I had to try it. And I'm very glad I did.  Things James got right:  -- The characterization is very good. She does great with Darcy in particular, fleshing him out somewhat while keeping him fully in character. Jane and Bingley are just right. Wickham is just as malignant as ever, and Lydia just as selfish and stupid. And some of the characters who make only brief appearances, like Lady Catherine and Mr. Bennet, are nonetheless delightfully true to their old selves.  -- She captures Austen's tone beautifully.  -- The mystery is fascinating, plausible, and not too easy to guess; I was able to figure out only part of it.  -- The Elizabeth/Darcy relationship hits just the right note, sweet without being saccharine. There's enough romance to make one feel pleasantly sentimental but not enough to be nauseating.  Things that were not-quite-so-right:  -- There's too much exposition and repetition. I don't mind things like the P&P recap at the beginning, especially since it lets us see the events of that book through the eyes of the gossipy neighbors, which is fun. But after that, she occasionally falls prey to including big awkward chunks of exposition in dialogue (I cringe when someone says, \\"Remind me . . .\\" and then someone else has to rehash facts that the first person knows perfectly well).  -- We don't get much of Elizabeth's wit, although that may easily be explained by the circumstances of the story.  -- There's not enough dialogue. In particular, we hardly get to hear from Lydia at all. While she's an obnoxious brat, she IS an integral part of the case, and it would have felt more natural to hear directly from her more often. As it is, we never figure out the extent of her involvement and how much she knew.  -- James occasionally gives the characters views that are a little ahead of their time and don't quite ring true.  -- She also has Elizabeth reflect that she might not have married Darcy ifhe were poor, because she wasn't prepared to handle poverty. I'm not so sure of this. Of course, the temptation to tease the hardcore Darcy fangirls a little must have been irresistible, but I don't know how well it reflects Elizabeth's character as we came to know it in P&P. She was, after all, prepared not to marry at all if she couldn't marry for love, and that might easily have condemned her to poverty, or at least near-poverty.  So there were some flaws, but on the whole, it was excellent and I really enjoyed it. No one but Austen could do these characters total justice, of course, but of all authors living, I think James comes closest to being able to give them their due.
0393338827|5.0|I am not a financial person.  In fact, I always viewed the stock market and the financial industry in general as one big gambling scheme, with the game rigged for those at the top.  Moreover, I found the very topic dull and never bothered to learn much about it.  Recent events made me re-think my stance.  I was curious as to how the collapse of our economy came about.  I watched \\"Inside Job\\" but I learn by reading than by watching something on a screen, and I did want to learn more.  Based on the reviews (skimming, I mean, jeez I don't have all day to read these lengthy treatises ;-)), I checked this one out of the library.   It was a fascinating read, even for a neophyte such as myself.  Michael Lewis has a gift for breaking down complicated concepts and distilling them into language a layperson can understand.  In fact, after reading this book, I was amazed at just how simple it was to tank an entire economy, and am dumbfounded that none of the supposed experts could have seen this coming, while anyone who was halfway paying attention could have seen it coming a mile away (Paulson, Eisman, Burry, etc).  I was disgusted at the amount of gross negligence involved, the willful ignorance, the blatant fraud, and the fact that there have been so few repercussions for those involved.  Of course, reading Matt Taibbi's work on the subject explains why so many were able to skate away scot-free.  Not only does Lewis explain what happened in easy to understand language, he gives us enough of a backstory on many of the players involved so that it not only makes for an informing read, but an entertaining read.  Honestly, I can't believe how much I enjoyed this book.  I'm now reading \\"The Greatest Trade Ever,\\" and when I've finished, I'll read Lewis' \\"Liar's Poker.\\"  I also went ahead and after returning the book to the library, bought a copy of \\"The Big Short\\" to keep, as I will definitely read it again.  Michael Lewis has gotten me interested in the world of finance.  Will wonders never cease?
B0064BCNA4|2.0|I agree with the reviewer who said xpiano is better.  this was ok, but you can't even press 2 keys more than twice in a row. having multiple octaves is nice on xpiano as well.  installing now.
B0000CDJPQ|1.0|The 800 slot in this adapter could not hold the 800 plug, which kept working its way outward and falling out. Spend just a little more and get a 400-800 cable. My adapter has gone to the dump and good riddance.
B005IZLPMY|5.0|I bought this movie to watch on the boat will fishing, and it turned out to be really good. really enjoyed it.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I have Evermore on my Pc, laptop,smart phone and Kindle. I use it to organize my research and my life. I love the ability to sync all my devices and the ease of staying organized. I love the ability to capture web info and input it into folders. Other apps may serve the same functions but I've been so satisfied with Evermore - why change?
1416955070|4.0|It was hard to decide if this was 4 or 5 stars. It was seriously that good. Clare is brilliant! I love it when an author can catch me by surprise, which she did. Plus, I love her use of words and descriptions. Can't wait to get through this series to see what happens next.
B004H1V5RU|5.0|Fascinated by the Perplexus, I decided to order the Perplexus Epic.  It is very challenging compared to the Perplexus, and I took it to my office for others to try. The Epic is frequently picked up, and it is fun to watch the concentration on the face of each person who tries it.  Once it is set down, it doesn't take long before the Epic is picked up again by someone else to see how much further along the maze they can get.  The Perplexus Epic is great for those who enjoy something more complex, with more obstacles to get through than the original Perplexus.
B001P5HI4A|5.0|After much time spent looking for \\"Yentl\\" on dvd..... I was SO thrilled to find it on Amazon.  I absolutely love this movie.  Thus far I have had only great experiences with my Amazon.com purchases.  Thank you for providing a secure site.
B003L77G8I|5.0|I Love Love this show.. season 6...made me cry made me laugh... .. made me wait 6 yrs for them to jump into bed and they dont show anything not even a kiss.  So worth buying ... love it.
B004EPYZQC|5.0|love this movie! bought it for my husband who has every other fast and furious movie. this one by far is the best one of them all, definately a must when buying for anyone who loves these movies!
B000000WJZ|5.0|Really the best of their albums, it can be played from start to finish without skipping any lemony tracks.  Underrated, if that's possible.
B001NLKXK2|5.0|A remarkable account of Early Onset Alzheimer's Disease. Alice's journey is very human, her friends and family loving, frustrated, full of humor at times, alternately angry. Everyone including Alice, learns in the process how to live with this complex disease. A thought provoking read.  [[ASIN:B0036QN98K Genova's Still Alice (Still Alice by Lisa Genova (Mass Market Paperback - Dec 29, 2009))]]
B0063IH60K|5.0|works great. I would definetly recommend it. it even lets you win sometimes.  my kids even like to play it.
B004UXUUDA|5.0|This is an excellent DVD that I would recommend to everyone. I had never even heard about this incident and was appalled to know what the French did to so many Jews.
B0064BCNA4|5.0|Nice piano app for a phone. It keeps things simple and easy to use. Good for my little one. For a free app with no ads there is no reason not to get it.
0439023521|5.0|Everyone on here writing One Star reviews for The Hunger Games don't seem to be very open minded. You may not like some of the things Collins did with the story; doesn't mean anything was wrong with it. Some of the reviews on here talk about how it's a shame that it was from Katniss' view, and not just generally narrated; the fact that you didn't get to know more about the other characters and what they were feeling and going through. THAT'S THE POINT! Have you ever been in certain situations and not know what other people are feeling or thinking at all times? Happened to me!!! hard to believe...I know!! ......... come on people!!!!   So aside from the one star reviews, yes, this is a magnificent story! I mean, again, the story is told from the perspective of a 16 year old girl and I think the author does a fantastic job of capturing her adolescent behavior/emotions. Some of the reviews dissed the author's \\"word usage\\", saying it was \\"too simple of a read\\"..again, how sophisticated would you expect a 16 year old from a broken down nation to be? I think the dialogue of the novel throughout is spot on. It doesn't take away from the story at all...it adds much more endearment and charm to the characters with just how smart they actually are. You don't need dialogue of Shakespeare to develop a complex story line! And the fact that there's not necessarily a full-out happy ending that everyone knows and loves is just asking for too much. After going through something as traumatic as killing other human beings for entertainment, you're never going to be the same...EVER AGAIN! You have to know this is fiction, and for the most part, fantasy. A lot of people can't seem to place themselves in said situation and understand the psychological repercussions of your actions!   SOO...I kind of just wanted to post this for all to see and understand the close-mindedness of the One Star reviews. This is really a great story for all ages. Everyone says it's directed towards young adults, but so was Harry Potter and look how well that did amongst people of all ages! ;) Again, just doing a bashing of my own on the One Star-ers. There's a reason you'll come across 2800 5 star reviews...it's well worth it. Oh, and I don't know if it's just the Kindle version I got from my friend, but I found quite a few spelling and grammatical errors in the first book, so I'd recommend purchasing the physical book. If that doesn't bother you a whole lot, then the Kindle version is just fine. Hope this was helpful!! And this is my first review on anything on Amazon. Just felt compelled to defend this series!!! GET ALL 3 BOOKS!! :D  Aaron
B0058VW36U|5.0|Excellent app. Music and graphics are the best. Great physics on the falling candy. My 2 year old and I can sit and play together. Great fun!
B0064BCNA4|4.0|I do not see much difference except for the replay button from the free version. Was hoping for a couple extra songs. This is for fun. Not to play Bach. I get a kick out of it. Not something I play for long periods but fun to waste a few minutes. Kids would love it.
B0050KEVO6|5.0|Had this on my old Droid but I lost all of the data and needed to start over. Some combos make no sense and you will become frustrated but it is still a good game to kill some time.
B004WDRT1Y|5.0|Before going to Disney World, we showed my daughter the Lion King movie and she loved it.  The music was the best and now it's constantly playing in our house.  This definitely helped prep her in enjoying more of the characters and shows they were playing at Disney.  We try and only get DVDs with Digital Copy.  It was so easy to setup on our iPad and iPhone.  We load as much as 5 different movies on our devices from Digital Copy.  Having to occupy 2 kids under 4yrs old on the go can be tough.  And having choices instantly on our iPad or iPhone just makes things a little easier!
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Michael Buble has lent his wonderful retro voice to a great collection of Christmas (secular and sacred) songs.  It's like having the \\"Rat Pack\\" at your holiday party!
B004FOA84A|1.0|bought this app today and I am at a standstill finding additional clues. no hint or help button. this game is torture like the title indicates! wish I had never purchased it.
B005FVA3LK|5.0|Lamentablemente no puedo ser objetivo por mi fanatismo por estos pibes irlandeses, una sola cosa me deja un sabor amargo... esperaba que el documental tuviese glastonbury en vivo... estuvo excelente ese recital!  Saludos desde Argentina, y no dudes en comprarlo si sos fanatico de U2.. sobre todo porque es definitivamente su mejor disco!
B004LWZW4M|5.0|While searching for a cure for Alzheimer's disease for his father, a young scientist makes a discovery of a new drug and is testing chimpanzees.  The drug not only looks like a possible solution but it also enhances the brain activity and intellect.  A baby chimp (Ceasar) is born by the prize lab chimp and it is taken home by the scientist (James Franco) after the mother chimpanzee dies. The advanced intellect passes onto the baby and so begins the end of man's dominance of the world.<br /><br />An aerosol version of the drug is developed with a more aggressive virus carrier and it has dangerous side effects, but only for humans.  While it enhances the intellect of apes it is deadly to mankind and can be spread like the flu to end civilization.<br /><br />Caesar learns of the cruelty of man and his hatred grows against those who would imprison, hurt or experiment on apes.  This is a great story of the beginning of the \\"Planet of the Apes\\" series.  The realism is fantastic and it has great visualization of the special effects and the story line is well written.  It makes you cheer for the apes.<br /><br />It is a great Sci-Fi movie and you will enjoy it!
B0021L8V0W|4.0|If you enjoyed the Fugitive, you should enjoy Salt.  Lots of good, well executed, and exciting action scenes.  The story also kept my interest and involves secret agent ~ double agent aspects and you're never quite sure whose side a character is on or what his/her motivations are.  One minor complaint (***possible spoiler ahead***) was that I didn't understand why Salt was able to go on a flight as if nothing happened with the Russian guy even after killing a boatfull of Russians.  Maybe I missed something, but I rarely rewatch movies so I'm not going to go back and watch again to see if I can figure that out.
1451627289|5.0|Mr King at his best...Constantly wanting to know what will happen next...That is what makes a person loose sleep, you just can't put it down
B0053YGYO4|5.0|I've loved CP for a looong time, and one of my fave things about this band is how they don't take themselves too terribly seriously although they do champion sustainability, etc.  This album is a fun mix of dancy upbeat songs, a few nice mellow trax, and a few old fashioned rockish/British pop stuff.  I really enjoyed the music, much to my surprise.  It is a lovely thing to see a band try new tacks and ideas though I must admit I am so fond of their old stuff as well.  Good show lads.
B0064BCNA4|4.0|sorry if you don't know the rythem if the song.  Google for an mp3 and play it.  sounds great on vizio tablet.  keys are big enough to push.
4770031246|4.0|I bought this to go with my new Mr. Bento because I wasn't sure I'd have enough ideas of foods to go into the various containers for day after day at work without getting bored.  This cookbook has great recipe ideas but sometimes the ingredients are hard to find or the measurements don't seem to make sense.  It's a good guide for the person new to eating Bento-style but it has flaws, too.  Worth the read for the price, though.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|totally functional, organized, easy to use... more than I could ask for. love it, it helps keep me organized and I appreciate the fact that I can access all my notes from anywhere.
0439023521|5.0|I picked up the book simply to see what all the hype was about and I was transported into an unexpected world. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It is such a great story of perseverence. This book reminded me of Ender's Game but better. I recommend to everyone!!
B0058VW36U|4.0|I didn't expect much from this game, but I have gotta say, it's pretty good. I agree about it needing the updates, but I got the game on free app of the day a while back, so I won't dock it.
B005HSL626|2.0|k...this game is a great time waster....only problem is the fact it keeps force quitting......I am playing off a kindle fire.....but this still shouldn't happen....uninstall
B004LUS390|4.0|Got this free for app of the day. Good app. Good and full features. Can create good images. UI is meh. Looks clean.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really like this app I'm glad I found it. I really like that you can chose a winning game.
B0009NCQJ6|5.0|Good quality of music. Lively modern mix of classical and rock music. If you like electrified classical music you will like this.
1451648537|5.0|I have always wanted to know how to read, write and use a computer. Sadly I do not.<br />Even typing I cannot do. I feel like steve jobs would have taught me.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game so far. It has great graphics and very easy to use. Would recommend to anyone. Fun and easy on the go game.
B0064BCNA4|3.0|This is not any different from the free version and doesn't do multi touch on a Samsung Galaxy S II very well. Still fun to play with.
B0031SCV46|4.0|If you're looking for a good midi-keyboard/controller (knobs, sliders) and need a few more keys to hammer out those scales, but don't care about the quality of the keys then get this.  Personally I would pay extra for better quality keys as even my yamaha midi has better responsiveness however, I use this everyday and never get tired of it.  I hardly ever use the controller aspect to this since everything can just be easily automated with a mouse, but it's always nice to know I can if I ever need to.  Overall its not bad, just not Great.
B003ZHR6RK|5.0|Sorry for such a late review of this film however this is not my type of movie. I shy away from any kind if institutionalized films. Never being institutionalized I can only assume that it is the way the films they picked it and do not normally want to waste my life watching this sort of thing. However the opportunity arose and I have great respect for the main actors including Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman. I was surprised at how well acted this movie is. Even the period costumes in the background music matched so well that you forgot you were watching the movie. Now I guess the only thing left to do is to read the book.<br /><br />Barring the twists and turns and subplots of this story is basically about two imprisoned men and how they bond over a number of years, surviving the many institutional foes. The question is not will they, but how they find redemption.<br /><br />I'm glad that I watched this movie till the end and I suggest that you do the same.
B005ZUR724|1.0|I'm not sure why its called kindle fire edition if it isn't compatible with the kindle fire. doesn't make any sense to me
B005K17RU0|4.0|this is my favorite weather app, and trust me ive tried them all on my phone. the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stares is because on my kindle fire it wont change orientation to the way I'm holding the kindle. due to the location of the power button, I usually hold it upside down, most apps have no problem with this. this app forces me to rotate.
0670022950|1.0|I wish I could say I was surprised by this fascist diatribe masquerading as a scholarly work. What does surprise me is the praise heaped upon it by critics who should know better.<br /><br />The author's main assumption that violence has declined is a sound theory, backed by credible data. It seems almost self explanatory for a student of history. It's when the writer tries to explain modern changes in violent behavior that his political aims show through.<br /><br />The author attests that the decline in violence after the 1980s was caused by increased rates of imprisonment, and the tightening up of social norms after the 1960s. Yet, as the author points out himself, most of the rest of the world saw a decline in violence without an increase in incarceration as we had in the US. He gives this only a hand wave, and says it doesn't really mean anything. Except it does. Second, he provides no data whatsoever about changes in social norms. I would bet that he would find an increased liberalization of social conventions across the board, if he ever bothered to check. But since that doesn't fit his theory, it is easily ignored.<br /><br />All data and historical evidence supports the writer's main thesis, that violence had declined. However, he really needs to go back and really think about his theories of causation. Which I suspect her will not because they do not fit his political agenda.<br /><br />It's really a shame because he is an engaging author, and knows how to get a point across.
B0041I8UYU|5.0|Received item in good condition and enjoyed the dvds. Was so good I ordered the second season. Would recommend both seasons to any one who  likes watching vampires.
B000002J03|5.0|Led Zeppelin II (1969) is the album that really put Led Zeppelin on the map.  Loaded with hits and memorable guitar riffs, this album is one of their hardest and most commercial sounding.  It's also one of the great hard rock albums of all time.  With a wide variety of music types, there's something for everyone on this album.  John Bonham's drum solo, \\"Moby Dick\\", is an example.<br /><br />I find myself listening to \\"Whole Lotta Love\\", \\"The Lemon Song\\", and \\"Bring It On Home\\" the most.<br /><br />This album belongs in the collection of all Led Zeppelin fans and fans of hard rock in general.
B004VMUS9G|1.0|I had hoped to get an app which would give me real control about alarm sounds so that I could get whatever volume and sound pattern I needed.  Instead I found it did nothing unusual and just used routine sounds available to other alarm apps.  I uninstalled shortly after installing and am now trying to figure out how to stop the Amazon Marketplace from reminding me about updates.
B0064BCNA4|4.0|Good app for Droids, it's fun and you might learn something! Please add two octaves for tablets so we can have more song options :)
B00362FO0K|1.0|This order was supposed to contain the Blueray Disc and a DVD. That's what was advertised and that's what I paid for... only got the Blueray Disc. The content is great, I just didn't get what I paid for.
B003L77G8I|5.0|I suppose if you are looking to order Season 6, you are already hooked on Bones.  This season continues with Bones and Booth's relationship, some odd cases, clever humor, and squints that make a dictionary nearby useful.  Overall, just as good as other seasons; I see no lessening of the show's quality.
1569242739|5.0|I had tried several recipes from this book and had hesitated on buying this for a long time, but I am so glad I did.  There are wonderful recipes and super helpful tips on how to make the best cupcakes...and you will after making cupcakes from this book.
B005VGYA68|5.0|I have DVD's from other region zones and PAL DVD's and they all play on my Blu Ray....why wouldn't this one? Someone who has gotten this and is playing it on a US Blu Ray player, please respond!
B003UMW68Y|5.0|Love this movie! Wanted it to replace one lost during moving and a great price for both Blue-ray and DVD.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|The initial reviews that I read for this case worried me.  I'm glad I waited because the original prices I saw (pre - Fire release) seemed excessive. Handling the Kindle Fire for a week with no case gave me the time to decide what I really needed (wanted) in a case.    This is a nice slim case that does everything that I expected.  It protects the Kindle Fire from scratches and smudges and serves as a decent stand to watch videos.  This is a minimalist case that doesn't get in the way of the Kindle Fire's functionality in any way.  It is very easy to put on and remove.
0525423281|5.0|Lola and the Boy Next Door was a positively wonderful companion novel to Anna and the French Kiss. While Anna will always have a special place in my heart, I did love Lola and the Boy Next Door almost as much. Filled with quirky characters, an entertaining plot, sweet romance, and cameos from two of my favorite characters- this was a 5 star sophomore novel!<br /><br />Lola Nolan was a fantastic main character. Her love for costume made her such an interesting person to read about and her personality was great, too. I adore unique characters and Lola certainly fit the bill. Stephanie Perkins made her so real and believable that I couldn't help wishing she really existed! While Lola did frustrate me at times, I ended up really connecting with her by the end.<br /><br />I especially love when family has a key role in a story and Lola's parents did not disappoint. Her dads were well developed and were not just random, flat parents- they were there for a reason and supported Lola in so many ways. There were many secondary characters that I enjoyed getting to know and not one of them was underdeveloped.<br /><br />While there were many characters I adored in Lola, the one that stole my heart was Cricket Bell. He was a sweet and dreamy guy and was the perfect match for Lola. His own family had a large part in the book, as well, and I liked getting to know them. Their romance was very real and believable and Lola and Cricket were adorable together.<br /><br />As I mentioned before, Anna and St. Clair returned in this book! Yay! I wasn't sure what role they were going to play, but it turned out to be a rather large one! I loved getting to see how they were doing and to see them through the eyes of someone else. I am anxious to see what characters from Anna and Lola turn up in Isla and the Happily Ever After.<br /><br />Contemporary YA is most definitely my favorite genre and Stephanie Perkins has proved herself as one of my favorite contemp authors. Her character development, adorable romances, and unique plots keep me hooked and I am always left with a warm, happy feeling after reading one of her books. Even if you haven't read Anna and the French Kiss, I highly recommend picking this up. Her books are brilliant and lovely and I am anxiously awaiting the release of her next novel!<br /><br />Overall: 5 out of 5 starshooked and I am always left with a warm, happy feeling after reading one of her books. Even if you haven't read Anna and the French Kiss, I highly recommend picking this up. Her books are brilliant and lovely and I am anxiously awaiting the release of her next novel!  Overall: 5 out of 5 stars
B0061S073A|5.0|My 2 1/2 year old son plays with our Kindle Fire mostly, and up until a few days ago I had no concerns about him purchasing videos or music.  Somehow he was able to find Spongebob videos and purchased a full season without me finding out until the next day, and when I thought I figured out how to stop him from doing it again he bought another Spongebob video with me sitting right next to him!  After he purchased an MP3 album I already owned the physical CD of, I took the Kindle away from him and was afraid to let him use it again.  This morning I was browsing new apps in the app store and found this app that seemed too good to be true after my unexpected charges and thought I'd give it a shot since it was free.    It works great!  I am able to block all wireless communication so no more accidental downloads through the music store or video store.  The strange thing that doesn't make sense about this option, though I'm not going to complain about, is that I have some kids music on the cloud drive in a playlist for my son.  He was able to listen to his music from the cloud drive with this option enabled but could not access the music store because it said wireless was not turned on.  If you try to turn it on, you get the Kids Place screen that basically says you're not allowed to do that, which is exactly what I want to see.  I was also able to select the apps that I wanted my son to be able to access and locked the Home button to go the Kids Choice Home page, which shows tiles of the selected apps.  My son does not like this option because the Home button no longer brings him to the regular home page so he can flip through all of the history.  He'll eventually get over it because from now on this is the only way I will hand over the Kindle to him.  He can't exit out of the home screen either without the password, and though my son is very clever with electronics, even he can't figure that out yet...  Thank you for creating such a useful app!
0385535139|3.0|Overall, I'd say that it was a fun read but the story was neither captivating nor compelling. The characters were entertaining. Wally was by far the funniest and made me laugh out loud several times. But I found the story line to be dull and at times not believable (for example, how David Zinc whimsically decides to work at their firm, simply not believable). So it was a fun read but I couldn't say that it was a solidly constructed plot. Not to mention the fact that you know how the book is going to end after the first 100 pages. So there was no suspense either. but despite that I still found myself looking forward to reading it.
B006INDMEE|5.0|Great movie. very suspenceful story line.  acting was very good.  I was on the edge of my seat the whole movie.
B0057R5XRG|5.0|I've owned the DVD trilogy for a while now and wasn't sure what to expect as far as a difference between the two versions and let me tell you the Blu Ray is amazing.  The sound and video quality is amazing, and with movies like Jurassic Park the sound is a vital part of the experience!
B00008OE4W|1.0|I have been out of town so recently watched and the disk is faulty in ever so many ways; jumps, returns to early story etc. Hope to return but have not accomplished that this busy season.
B0064BCNA4|3.0|This is a VERY simple app that does a few things well. It's great as a 'free' app but it may need some more bells and whistles if the developer expects satisfied paying customers.<br /><br />FEATURES<br /><br />- One (and only one) keyboard octave on the screen.<br />- Multiple key-presses supported.<br />- Choice of 'instruments': piano, trumpet, guitar, bells, percussion<br />- Keystroke guides for 10 simple melodies (Mary Had a Little Lamb, Jingle Bells, etc.)<br />- Landscape only, very large keys on a 10&#34; tablet, okay size on a phone.<br />- Completely non-intrusive as far as 'rights' to your phone/tablet.<br /><br />MY EXPERIENCE<br /><br />This is fun for playing simple songs. It does not replace real keyboards and you can't go beyond the one-octave but it can be good practice for any absolute beginner who can try to figure out 'Yankee Doodle' or 'Oh Susanna'. When one of the 10 supported melodies is picked, the app will highlight the next key you are expected to press but you are free to do anything you want, including making up some 2 or 3-key chords if you want. I like it.<br /><br />GOOD<br /><br />The strongest features are the app's simplicity and extreme ease of use plus its not attempting to take control of your phone or tablet.<br /><br />BAD<br /><br />Too few instruments and too few melodies (10) supported, inability to pick a different octave and zero flexibility as far as your instrument's features. Also, some may miss the usual 'community' capabilities: can't record, Tweet or email your performance. On a 10&#34; tablet, there is sufficient room for more keys (the one-octave set is huge) but the app doesn't allow for that.<br /><br />RATING<br /><br />3 stars means the 'It's okay', but only within the context of a 'free' app. As a paid app, I'm not sure. I'd expect more (see above).
B006G2124E|5.0|I didn't read the book \\"the Help\\" was based on but i am so glad that i watched the movie!  It's thought-provoking, insightful, and well worth watching.  Movies like these remind us of the horrible mistakes made in our history and will hopefully keep us moving forward till racism is gone for good.  Too much power in the wrong hands is a terrible thing; this movie shows that with such strength.  No-one regardless of color, sexual orientation, gender, spirituality, size, or status should be marginalized or treated with such shameless cruelty.  Watching this movie actually made me ashamed to be white, to know that some of my ancestors who lived in NC could have been the same as the wretched red-head (i didn't pay attention to her name as i was a bit annoyed that the \\"bad guy\\" was once again a red head, as am i, and wishing that they could have picked a different hair color for this antagonist since red-heads tend to be portrayed in a negative light in movies and TV and we're not really all that bad!).  I loved seeing the bonds formed between the help and the writer.  And the courage all these women had reminds me (and i hope others as well) how important it is to challenge social norms and mainstream ideals, to be free-thinkers, trust our hearts, and make right decisions for ourselves when we know the path will surely be difficult.  So, i agree with one of the other reviewers: if you watch one movie this year, this once should be it...
B003DZX3US|5.0|Well of course it's a great! Blu ray & DVD combo, one of my favorite Disney films Beauty And the Beast, I already had an old DVD version of this film but the disk did not upscale very well, I don't know why it didn't upscale well, whatever but I decided to go ahead and buy the film on blu ray disk and also get a better standard DVD version also, and I saw the Three disk Diamond Edition right here on Amazon and I thought it would be a great choice to cover me and my familys love of this Disney classic  The three disk Diamond Edition includes two blu ray disk, and one standard DVD and all disk include some nice extras in particular blu ray disk one has the feature with all available version of Beauty and the Beast with audio commentary, and documentaries   Blu ray disk two has a lot of extra features, and finally disk three is Beauty And The Beast in standard DVD format but still of digital quality it upscales so much better than my prevous standard DVD, and it also includes extras   Whats not to like?...um..well maybe one small thing it's not a big deal but the disk are not in widescreen as I hoped unless my blu ray settings are wrong the film disk and special feature disk seem to be in full screen only let me know if I'm not playing it right or need to adjust my blu ray settings, lol but over all just an Amazingly Sharp picture and a fun film. this blu ray set is well worth buying if your like me and prefer the best picture and sound with a side dish of extra's with your Beauty And The Beast.
B004TI5N38|5.0|i think right from the start, this book is not only thrilling but exciting. because baldacci really puts everything together(mystery, suspense etc.)
B002N5N5LG|5.0|I love community, it is one of the best written and well acted shows on TV. Dan Harmon has a created one the best satires with heart on television.
0307593312|3.0|My college age son is reading the book right now & then my husband & I will get to read it. The author comes highly recommended!
B002C6K7N0|5.0|this is another good dave mustain collection of songs.  lots of guitar riffs very challenging for the shredder.  the preview of tunes is all i needed to hear to decide i wanted this.  I try not to compare countdown to extinction but i cant help it i think that's one of his greatest and endgame comes real close. Listining to it reminds me of marty friedman but this new guitartist is very good and has something to say indeed. So overall this megadeth cd is worthy of a listening and fans should enjoy this very much, thats all folks. I hope i spelled daves last name right let alone any other words.
1439153663|4.0|An honest depiction of how life was back in the late 1700's and early 1800's.  The struggles between the black and white worlds were well portrayed.  When I finished one chapter I was eager to read the next.  The main charecters were a white woman who was first raised among blacks but then brought to live with white people but yearned to be with the \\"real\\" family she knew.  The other main character was a woman who was half black and half white.  She did not desore freedom but the black family she was with wanted her to be free and move away.  The house described in the book is a true plantation of the south and the family for which the blacks work for is of wealth.  You come to find out that money does not always buy happiness.
B0064BCNA4|5.0|The description of the app says it all. Very simple and fun. Normally I'd give it four stars but it deserves more stars then its rated at. I do wish it had support for tablets though
0689835604|3.0|This is a very cute book. My one year old loves to lift the flaps to find the hidden picture. The only problem is the flaps bend way too easily so they no longer lay flat after only a few weeks of use. He also tore out an entire flap in his excitement of opening it. This is definately a read with supervision book and I wish there was a way they could have made the flaps less destructible.
B0058VW36U|2.0|This is one of my favorite games on my phone. But there have been no new updates in a long time.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|This is a nice case for the Kindle Fire.  It provides a lot of protection without adding a lot of bulk, it still fits in my coat pocket.
0811876373|5.0|This is the best cake pop book so far great ideas love it.  Very nice give tons of ideas I just got into make these cake pops
B001NEK2GE|5.0|My biggest regret with the G13 is that I didn't buy it years ago. I'm starting to use it for more than just gaming. The scripting functionality is fantastic. I've used it for everything from command line commands, chat macros, AFK scripts, etc.  Forgetting all that, it's still a very comfortable, easy to configure gaming device. The joystick is easy to use and well placed - clicking it is difficult but aside from that, it's great for fully replacing the keyboard.
B001LNOOG6|5.0|A modern day take similar to The Count of Monte Christo, and a fantastic job. The characters are well drawn up and believable, the story flows along fast and furious, and there is that longing for revenge which is so sweet at the end.....great book from the master!  Stephen W. Ayers - Author of The Taba Convention  [...]
B0064BCNA4|3.0|It's not terrible, but xPiano and xPiano are much better keyboard apps. Look for them in the Market if not here on Amazon.
B004FRB3OQ|5.0|I have a Sony EX-1 camera, and needed 64GB recording capacity.  A regular SXS card was not economically feasible, and I needed to be able to record long-form videos (i.e. lectures, etc 2 hours or more in length, with no cuts.)  I got this along with a Transcend 64GB SDHC class 10 card, and it works PERFECTLY.  I haven't lost a single frame over multiple projects.  I'm going to get another so I will be able to record a full day's worth of lectures without having to change cards in the camera!
B0064BCNA4|2.0|You wont be showing this app off to your friends. 8bit quality graphics with blinky keys. The app icon looks OK though.
B004MC8CA2|1.0|This app runs at startup automatically and slowed down my device.  You cannot stop this behavior.  Only option is to uninstall.  This is unacceptable for a bible app.  Not recommended for this reason.
B002UZ5CHO|5.0|I really enjoyed this film. It is packed with information on how we get our food. It had a wide range of credible sources - it didn't really have any major food processors, but not from lack of trying.  I will would both recommend and watch this again.
B0050DZN4K|5.0|Problems with Google reader have been corrected. This is the best news app for the Kindle Fire, so far! This a must download for all kindle fire owners.
0553582038|3.0|I made the mistake of reading \\"A Dance with Dragons\\" before this one and that may have affected my opinion of that book, because I enjoyed this one more than I thought I would. It was fairly fun and intriguing and the characters were, for the most part, interesting.
B0064BCNA4|5.0|For free, this app is great. It is a fun little piano app that isn't anything special but is fun if you don't already have one.
B005HSG3TC|1.0|This might be a very nice case if they could ship it. Ordered in Dec.1 and many promises and up dates but still not shipped and this is the case Customer Service recommends. Sad they recommend something they don't have. NO MORE Amazon for me.
140191716X|5.0|My girlfriend uses this everyday...Daily Guidance from Your Angels: 4-Color Gift Edition!...the best birthday gift I could of given her~I would buy again and give to others as gifts!~
B004ZN9UZO|5.0|Out of all their classics in their career, Animals is their masterpiece. Dark Side Of the Moon and The Wall are generally considered their best and are both excellent albums but for me, the 2 that came between Dark Side and The Wall are the best. Wish You Were Here was very popular also but Animals was generally overlooked. It made a change to their sound, WYWH was very atmospheric with a lot of synthesizer which gave it a unique, ethereal sound. Animals comes a long way from their early psychedelic roots though. It's very heavy, guitar driven and more upbeat with a faster tempo. It was the late '70s and punk rock was getting popular, Pink Floyd were fading but experimented with a more modern sound at the time and it put them back into the mainstream. Animals is very progressive and dynamic but not too bloated either, the perfect album they did and it's a masterpiece in music. The lyrics are very intelligent also, expressing views between politics: \\"Dogs\\", \\"Pigs\\" and \\"Sheep\\". It also was poorly received at first due to the lyrics being too political and there weren't any radio hits but it eventual became a classic and a landmark in their career. Only thing I have against the album it that it's a bit short in quantity but every moment of it is either perfect or near perfection.
B00005JKHN|5.0|my daughter still loves this......Sleeping Beauty (Special Edition)...Disney DVD always the best and the price on Amazon almost always beats out Walmart....Classic cartoon that still entertains!~
1451627289|5.0|I began the book the day before Thanksgiving, intending to get a start on it. I finished it by Sunday. One of his best. This is one I know I'll re-read in the future. I highly recomend this to everyone.
B00275EHJG|5.0|Good movie DVD....We love owning movies my daughter takes them to college and switches them out this was one we felt was worth owning for years to come!~
030745455X|5.0|It is very easy to shop on Amazon even for a non- computer - wise older person like my self! I had read the first novel in this series and am going to go to the movie in a week, so decided to get the second. I will get the third one also , probably from your site when it is a used paperback and less expensive. Thank you for making the whole process so easy!
B003Q6D2B4|5.0|Good movie DVD....We love owning movies my daughter takes them to college and switches them out this was one we felt was worth owning for years to come!~
B0049P1VHS|5.0|This is an excellent show. I thought I would watch a couple of episodes a week but when I started I could not stop. Six hours later I am eager for season two. The show creates characters that you care about and hope for their success in survival. If you enjoy well written shows that are intense and provoking then you will enjoy this show.
B004AKCME8|5.0|Good movie DVD....We love owning movies my daughter takes them to college and switches them out this was one we felt was worth owning for years to come!~
B004JZBGWI|5.0|I have a *terrible* time keeping track of things.  Ideas, chores, groceries, apps and books folks recommend to me. . .all seem like a random jumble (you should see my desks).  With ColorNote plus my device's voice recognition, I capture, prioritize, and set reminders for these things with great ease just as they occur to me.  After a few weeks of consistent ColorNote use I'm getting the right things done at the right time, much to the appreciation of my family and co-workers.  ColorNote is by far the most frequently used app on my phone; its home panel is dominated by ColorNote widgets.  My friends and colleagues get a kick out of picking the note's color when I jot something down they need me to remember. If any single app can help build good organizing habits, surely it's ColorNote!
B0036TGSIK|5.0|Good movie DVD....We love owning movies my daughter takes them to college and switches them out this was one we felt was worth owning for years to come!~
0545265355|5.0|These books were amazing. I just finished reading them about 5mins ago! I decided to check them out after seeing the trailer for The Hunger Games movie.<br />I couldn't imagine livig in a world like Panem. So much sacrifice, death, misery. The Games themselves are barbaric.<br />These books are well written and I found myself not wanting it to end. I was actullay really said when finished the epilouge. Can't wait for the movie. I can only hope it lives up to all of our expectations<br />May The Odds Be Ever In Your Favor
B0021L8V0M|5.0|Good movie DVD....We love owning movies my daughter takes them to college and switches them out this was one we felt was worth owning for years to come!~
0006136656|5.0|Our library mystery book discussion group selected this mystery to read and discuss.  I had read it as a teenager one summer and thought as a somewhat sophisticated and seasoned reader I'd find it lacking.  Not a bit. It was as much a delight to read as an adult as a teen.  When you read Christie you discern why she is the best-selling author of all time except for Euclid who didn't write fiction.  If you're looking for one of Christie's best books to introduce yourself to her work, this is classic Christie and a great introduction to her work.
B0034G4P7G|5.0|Good movie DVD....We love owning movies my daughter takes them to college and switches them out this was one we felt was worth owning for years to come!~
0062073567|5.0|Our library mystery book discussion group selected this mystery to read and discuss. I had read this mystery as a teenager one summer. I thought as a somewhat sophisticated and seasoned reader I'd find it lacking. Not a bit. It was as much a delight to read as an adult as a teen. When you read Christie you discern why she is the best-selling author of all time except for Euclid who didn't write fiction. If you're looking for one of Christie's best books to introduce yourself to her work, this is classic Christie and a great introduction to her work.
B000N6TX1I|1.0|I am a huge fan of the dystopian genre and rented this with great anticipation. But I was deeply disappointed. How is it possible to start with such a gripping idea and result in a film so slow and dull, devoid of drama and excitement? There was no pacing, no heart, no great dialog, nothing that brought me into the story and caused me to empathize with the characters. Before I put the DVD into my player, I cared deeply about the concept of the story, but I couldn't sustain that interest while watching Cuar&oacute;n's rendition of it.<br /><br />Quite a few reviewers are positioning this film as an \\"art film\\" and as a \\"masterpiece,\\" and some fans are posting scathing comments on one-star reviews implying or even saying outright that those who hate this film are lacking in culture and education. I would like to say in response to this that it is possible to love art films and dislike this film intensely. I am a huge fan of art film in general but this film was not to my taste--nor would I even have thought to put it in the art film category at all.<br /><br />In an art film I look for amazing visuals, brilliant editing, great dialog, marriage of music and images. When one or all of those factors are present, I don't care if the plot is not fleshed out or paced well. In fact, if I'm entranced enough by the images, I don't hardly need a plot at all to make me happy! Here, and I know it's a matter of taste, but personally the images did nothing for me. They were the visual equivalent for me of overracting...just too overdone--like someone was shouting, 'hey, you see it? it's dank and dismal and these people are miserable.\\" For me, emotional impact is highest when there's more subtlety and less pandering. From my perspective, Children of Men succeeded neither as Hollywood fluff nor as an art film.<br /><br />For those who like to know if reviewers have compatible tastes to their own, I'll say my favorite dystopian film of all time is Gattaca. I was gripped from the first scene until the final credits rolled. For film in general, my favorite living director is Almod&oacute;var. As for my favorite dead director, there are so many: Clouzot, Truffaut, Fellini, De Sica, Hitchcock, Orson Welles. As for this idea that Cuar&oacute;n is a new and rising auteur and one of the greats, I\\"m sorry but I don't see it.until the final credits rolled. For film in general, my favorite living director is Almodvar. As for my favorite dead director, there are so many: Clouzot, Truffaut, Fellini, De Sica, Hitchcock, Orson Welles. As for this idea that Cuarn is a new and rising auteur and one of the greats, I\\"m sorry but I don't see it.
B004U52VPS|4.0|Although my three and four year old don't play it right with the cards, they play it constantly and totally love building and knocking the towers down. It is one of the few games they can play with little help or fighting. Well worth it and I love that they prefer it over the app version.
0385341008|5.0|I loved this book!  If you had told me that I would have enjoyed reading a book composed of only letters I would have said you were nuts!
B000L53D4O|4.0|We had several different walking aides... this one by far beat them all! While it can go pretty quick and all 3 of our kids landed face first at some point I absolutely think it helped them learn to walk and made the process quicker. No one got hurt and once they took a few steps they would cruise with this thing!! It held up over 4 years and 3 kids too! If you are a \\"let them fall and learn\\" sort of parent this is ideal for teaching babies to walk. (All 3 of my kids walked before 12 months and both of my daughters walked by 9 months)
1451648537|5.0|Be it Mac or Windows lover this book is for everybody. Steve Jobs before he passed wanted his kids to know more about him then what his relatives could portray. His struggle, his sucesses and his failures all in one. This book does a great job at showing the life of one of the greatest technological innovators we know today. Without exposing the book. Steve Jobs provides a open door for the writer to interview past employers, friends, family and lovers to give the reader a never before seen 360 view of Steve Jobs. You'll be suprised about Steve Jobs past while being inspired all at once. This is a great book to read if you want a non-bias look into a CEO/Innovators mind and life.
B005HNG1S0|3.0|Helene Grimaud may be a fine virtuoso pianist, but she does not yet excel in Mozart.  Her piano playing is hard driving and harsh in the outer movements.  One can offer a strong, magisterial style in these concertos; one need only listen to the recordings of Rudolf Serkin.  Moreover, she would have done well to hold on to Abbado.  She cannot yet both play and conduct at the same time, as could Perahia.
1451648537|4.0|I'm not even half through with the book but find it very compelling. I've learned a great deal about Steve Jobs and am looking forward to reading and learning more!
B0041KKYBA|5.0|Both film cover lots of ground, but with respect to the 2008 financial crisis, Inside Job goes into much more detail on the Lehman Brothers collapse, while Moore's film focuses more on the $700 billion bailout. (Interestingly neither film covers the much larger Federal Reserve loans, estimated between $2-16 trillion to the same players - Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, et. al. There is a 60 Minutes episode on this, and House sub-committee hearings in which Ben Bernanke is questioned by Bernie Sanders, Alan Grayson et. al. can be found on youtube.) From Capitalism A Love Story you get the impression the bank bailout was just a giveaway to the financial firms. From Inside Job, you learn about the shock waves caused by the Lehman failure worldwide -- manufacturing jobs wiped out in Asia, millions in investor losses in the UK. Some interviewees suggest additional failures might really have collapsed the global financial system. Maybe those weren't just scare tactics after all. Then again, maybe that would have been the best thing that could have ever happened.   Highest recommendation for both films.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great app.  hard to stop playing!!! def download!!! makes ya proud to own an expensive deck of cards!! the end
B005OCFGTO|5.0|When I saw this product on Black Friday, I couldn't avoid to buy it. I got just what I expected: 8 amazing films! everything else is vanity :) I was concerned about subtitles, but when I receive the DVD, I cleared my doubts. It came with subtitles and audio in spanish and english.   I'm really happy to have this collection. Now the journey is completed (with Deathly Hallows 1 and 2 included).   Long life to Harry Potter!!
1451627289|5.0|Best book Stephen King has written, with a well thought out plot that makes it difficult to put the book down.  I believe readers of all genres will get more than a satisfying read out of 11/22/63.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Gave this to my daughter for her birthday and she absolutely loves it and keeps it in her c.d. in her car and listens to it all the time.  thank you  great doing business with you...
1582701709|5.0|The book was in excellent condition was delivered within the time expected. I will buy more used books in the future this way.
B00005QGAV|5.0|this cd was incredible. every song was great!!! i could listen to this everyday!!!michael did a great job with this.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Wow. I was unable to put this book down. I have to say, I have no idea how a story with this much description could have lured me in so quickly. It had me on the edge of my seat. Can't wait to read the second!
037571457X|5.0|For those crunched for time, this is a must read.  This was the first book I read in comic book format and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  The author writes well and her illustrations add additional context and meaning to the text.  I can't wait to read more of her books!
B005KJZDXK|2.0|I am confused over all the hype regarding this album.  There is nothing memorable and I won't be playing it over and over.  The reviewer, Sarah Phillips and I must be related in some alternative universe, because her review (which I should have listened too and saved $10) was spot on.  There is just nothing about this album that is great.  I buy several Christmas CDs a year and look for something original and memorable, this is not it.
B004I1AGTC|5.0|One of those movies that you can always put in and enjoy when you sit there staring at your 450 qty dvd/blu ray wall. Great acting by Donnie (he is like the Asian Denzel or Brad to me) his on screen mannerisms and prescence has to have him as one of the top Foreign actors... no? Screenplay, direction and overall viewing quality is top, but who cares - you want 2 see some action. Well this one is one to see. \\" I wonder if he really movees that fast?\\" You will ask - If U are pondering what to get in martial arts, and this is one of your options... opt in of Ip Man!!
B0064BCNA4|4.0|fun app. entertaining for myself and my toddler. its limitations (single octave, sound quality) are forgivable in a normally $1 app.
B000059H98|5.0|The dvd arrived in the mail 2 days before i expected it, and was every bit as good as i hoped. I'm really glad i made this buy!
B000Q6GUW0|1.0|WARNING! Possible Spoilers:  I wanted to like Dexter. I enjoy a good vigilante and like justice when the judicial system fails. What I could not get behind was the graphic torture and sadistic way Dexter passes judgment on the people he considers to have escaped their just desserts within the system. It's one thing to quickly remove someone from the gene pool because that person has committed such heinous crimes that they have no considered worth to society and, in fact, are detrimental to society, know the logic that it was what had to have been done, and be OK with it. It is another thing altogether to slowly and methodically torture that person to death, using the excuse that the torturer \\"doesn't feel anything\\", as Dexter does. Since I cannot find any valid reason for Dexter's extreme actions (except that he has extreme mental issues) and do not enjoy torturing anything myself, I couldn't enjoy the show at all. I could not relate to Dexter, or really anyone on the show. The \\"mystery\\" of Dexter wasn't that intriguing, probably because I didn't care about the character. It's not that I didn't \\"get it\\", as so many proponents will spout. I \\"got it\\" just fine. I just couldn't find anyone to root for, to care about or to identify with. Your mileage may vary.
B005DOL0R0|2.0|Product is overpriced.  I had to order another protective cover which fits with the product.  Zip sleeve is not what I expected.
0060873027|1.0|I known Michael Crichton died before he finished this book. And I will miss his books so much!  And I miss that he didn't finish this one! I mean, it is INCREDIBLY obvious where he stopped and Preston took over. Above and beyond the fact that the main character abruptly shifts from one person to another, the whole tone, writing style and character portrayals change.   I don't know if it was bad editing or what. I don't want to blame Preston, but man, was this a bad book -- and I made the mistake of buying it.  I have read other books finished by another author for one reason or another, or even written by two different authors, and most of them are seamless. I can't tell where one ended and the other began. I am just so disappointed that its so easy to see in this book.  I think Michael Crichton deserved better, and I am so very sorry that this piece of junk will be seen as his last book, and not one of the other wonderful books he wrote.
B000002J27|5.0|I like all the Genesis releases from their first album to their last, and even Calling All Stations isn't bad.  However, there's something special about A Trick Of The Tail - in my opinion the best album they ever made, closely followed by Wind and Wuthering.  Some early Genesis could alienate listeners not used to progressive music (despite it being by far less experimental than some other bands), but this one has all the prog ingredients without really ramming them in your face or going out of it's way to be clever.  Just fantastic, my favourite album of all time by any group.  One word of advice, the remasters are pretty horrible over-amped affairs and a lot of the sound seems out of balance, do yourself a favour and get the original Virgin/Charisma release, they sound much better.
1934356476|3.0|Metaprogramming Ruby puts non-obvious and non-trivial content together into a coherent whole.  The technical content of this book is very, very good. The book explains much of the basic structure of ruby (object model, class definitions, blocks, method lookup, etc) in such a way that common idioms that I have previously used without understanding their underlying mechanisms now make complete sense, and my understanding and command of some of the more powerful features of ruby have greatly improved.  Real-world code examples drawn mostly from ruby gems are included, and these are excellent illustrations of ideas presented.  As with many technical books, many of the non-real-world code examples are extremely simple and contrived. For the most part, this is acceptable, but there are instances where the tests/sample output provided for exercises were incomplete -- in the sense that you can come up with a flawed and incomplete piece of code which will still make the test pass.  The thing about this book that drove me up the wall is the insipid story line: You have started a new job, and you have an incredibly chirpy and annoying coworker with whom you must pair program, and who lectures you about the ruby object model, etc. The dialogues are awful; Bill The Asinine Coworker \\"exclaims\\" and \\"shouts\\" much like characters in bad romance novels supposedly do. The text is littered with irrelevant and distracting details about sipping coffee and grabbing keyboards and ignoring whiteboards in favor of napkins.  This is possibly the best exposition of the ruby object model available, however, so if you are frustrated by the piecemeal information available on the web and you don't have a chirpy co-worker by the name of Bill to mentor you, I would highly recommend reading this book.
1451648537|5.0|An incredible tale of a business genius.  The book is a must read for all entrepreneurs and marketers.  Jobs's unparalleled thinking and reality distortion field drove innovation at Apple and Pixar.  Such a creative and driven mind is rare and responsible for some of humankind's greatest advancements.
B005MYEQ9U|5.0|If you are an opera lover - buy it without hesitation! World best female leads, great music, staging - everything in this production is a true delight!
B0064BCNA4|4.0|This is a fun app, I don't see much difference between this and the free one though. I wasn't expecting much but a little app allowing you to press a few keys, and entertain yourself or others for a little while. I was surprised that there was more sounds and even a song guide but wish there was a tempo guide also. My daughter who is almost 2, loves this app and that's enough for me.  Superman75 who would have guessed that this app is not the best choice for the hearing impaired? This just in the visual impaired rate the Kindle as the wort device ever.
1603420398|5.0|I've already made a number of motifs from this book, and every single one is awesome. The charts are very useful, as well as keeping to a basic color scheme for the samples. I love the spiral binding, too. More crochet books should be bound this way, it is so convenient to have the book stay flat without ruining it.<br />There are no examples of finished projects, which for some may be a turn-off, but that doesn't really bother me as I bought this book more for inspiration than for projects.<br />The only thing I would have liked to see was approximate sizes for the sample blocks (something along the lines of \\"7-inch diameter in worsted weight\\"). Then again, I enjoyed making the sample motifs so perhaps I shouldn't complain about that.<br />If you are looking for ideas & inspiration, this book is definitely for you!
B00021HBGS|5.0|Great toy. I bought it for my two-year-old who is into means of transportation right now, and he loves to place the stickers on the bath tub wall. It is very colorful and entertaining. I would also recommend another set of toys for the tub from the same Alex company. It is a bag with a truck, an airplane, a car, and a boat. Very cute. My son has so much fun taking a bath that he doesn't want to leave.
B0064BCNA4|3.0|Won't open on my DroidX2.  Uninstalled. Wish it had opened...  .granddaughter would have loved it. Reinstalled three times... still no luck.
B002I0J5FG|5.0|Excellent port of two Playstation 2 classics. If you have not played these games, now is the time to get them with crisp HD graphics.
B004AHNIGM|5.0|Gregg Allman's music has been influencing my life since I was 14 and I'm 56 now. Gregg and his music have taught me a thing or two, traveled with me, outlived my son, my brother, my marriage and a very special man. Sorry to get so personal, but Low Country Blues has hit me square in the heart. I first heard it today. No wonder it was nominated to win a 2011 Grammy for Best Blues Album. Gregg, producer T-Bone Burnett and all the fine performers have made themselves an excellent, memorable album. Love that dobro, just love it.<br />Gregg's vocal abilities are in top form in this album. He uses a sexy growl in a few of his songs that is the blues, not rock n roll. Gregg's career has far exceeded my expectations. Of course, when I was a teen-ager, those expectations were admittedly too low and unschooled. This \\"traveling companion\\" continues to grow and has a superb album here. My impression is that Gregg Allman is being true to himself and his gifts. Long may you run.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|I know I'm in the minority when it comes to Deathly Hallows pt.1 because many don't like its pacing but I do.  I love the fact that Harry, Ron and Hermione are off on their own, a quest for the horcruxs, a sort of twisted road trip capped off with a brilliant animated sequence telling the tale of the 3 brothers and the deathly hallows.  Also, Voldimort is in truly wicked form as evil has descended on the wizarding world.  It stands alone as a great addition to the Harry Potter franchise and of course sets up the grand finally of part 2 and grand is an understatement!  I like watching parts 1&2 back to back...good times!
B004LWZW4W|4.0|I've never been a huge fan of the \\"Planet of the Apes\\" franchise, but I remember the first one being pretty good and the 2001 Tim Burton remake so-so.  Given the \\"Batman\\" and James Bond recent reboots however, this prequel had my interest.  Eschewing actual animals, director Rupert Wyatt and the producers elect to go with motion capture that was so effective in \\"Avatar\\".  It works!  In fact the star of this cerebral action film isn't the standard human cast headed by James Franco, but Andy Serkis as the primate Caesar who grows to become the leader of the ape rebellion.  I'm not sure if the movie would have held up without the chimps, gorillas and orangutans showing human emotion.  This is likely only workable with current technology.  Frowns, joy, sorrow and fear can only be successfully portrayed with expressions and facial contortions.<br /><br />In this story which predates the original by 2000 years or so, a scientist named Will Rodman (Franco) working in a large \\"big phama\\" company, develops a drug that may have implications of curing Alzheimer's disease.  Will's father (John Lithgow) is in advanced stages.  After a chimp gets violent at the plant, the project is shut down, but Will rescues a newborn chimp and names him Caesar (Serkis).  Through a series of accidental and purposeful mistreatment, Caesar gains mental powers to complement his animal strength and dexterity.  Freida Pinto co-stars as Will's girlfriend but the 2 interact so distantly, you would think they are brother and sister.  This relationship is never developed.  I guess Pinto was hired to be just eye candy.  The film ends with the induced virus strengthening the apes, but alas becomes fatal to the world population.  Thus Earth becomes the planet of the apes and is their jumping off point to rise to species superiority.
B0001MIQHQ|1.0|The DVD was not set up to play in the US.  When prompted to choose a regional setting, the US was not even a choice, I can't watch it, I wasted my money.  Never buy videos from Amazon.
B005J6LKVI|4.0|A relatively unknown director, Tate Taylor pulls a rabbit out of the hat with this surprisingly good film.  Admittedly the film is pointed at followers of Oprah as it never overplays the police violence, the murders, and the church desecrations of the black churches.  There are incidents but they are kept off screen for the most part.  Instead the film focuses on the mental abuse of black maids working for middle class whites in 60's Jackson Mississippi.<br /><br />A young writer played by Emma Stone manages to get a gig writing a book about maids in the south.  She struggles to get interviews with \\"the help\\" as they do not want to jeopardize their jobs or their lives.  Eventually they give in.  I didn't live in the South during this era, but the events seem pretty authentic to me.  Black maids raise children and the children eventually grow up and become the maid's bosses or the maid's daughter's bosses as their \\"ownership\\" is passed down.  The movie at well over 2 hours moves along briskly as we continue to root for maids in their effort to highlight their lives to the rest of the country.<br /><br />The filmmakers do a good job differentiating between the characters.  Every white person is not evil.  Every black person isn't an angel.  Of the evil white ladies, none is more evil than Hilly, nicely played by Bryce Dallas Howard.  Celia (Jessica Chastain) on the other hand is a sympathetic girl of \\"white trash\\" origins.  While Stone has a nice scene with her mother (Allison Janney), the real stars are Viola Davis as Aibileen, the first maid to come forward and her best friend Minny (Octavia L. Spencer).  Both give Oscar-worthy performances.  I was especially taken with Ms. Spencer who gives great depth and dimension to her character.
B004O3YGMC|1.0|Forget about this app! Get PocketCloud instead of this junk. PocketCloud is FREE, it works better, faster, more securely and has better built in tools. There, I told you! You're welcome.
B00664AM5C|4.0|Unlike many horror films, this dramatic depiction of a deadly virus on the move worldwide is very scary.  If the stars weren't so recognizable you might think this is a well done documentary about how biological infection occurs.  Let's hope the terrorists aren't paying attention.  Steven Soderbergh manages to assemble a fine cast of actors in this globally interwoven story of the infected and those fighting against it.  Several \\"A\\" list actors give up their glamorous status and even die.  What is most interesting is that Soderbergh never loses focus on the identifying the cause of the disease and its location.  We see panic in the streets as the preventative vaccine finally arrives.  The doses are distributed based on a lottery system, but we see favoritism and criminalist activity prevail.  It all seems a little too real.
B001974DG0|5.0|This book was fantastic! Parts of it (especially toward the end) are emotionally wrenching, but it is so good that I stayed up until 3 AM on some nights simply because I couldn't put it down. It literally is surprising down to the very last page... literally. You think you've figured out the ending, but you haven't... trust me. This book is especially enjoyable if you love dogs, but I think almost anyone would enjoy it, dog lover or not!
B004UA8D1O|2.0|Following the filmmakers school formula, a group of thrill-seekers explore \\"the last undiscovered place on Earth\\".  That being a cave in the South Pacific.  Our adventurers are trying to figure out how all the rainwater that comes in through a giant hole in the ground makes its way to the ocean.  Couldn't all this energy and money be better spent on finding a cure for cancer or a better way to avoid traffic?  Why would anyone care about rain finding its way through a cave?  The thrill is the journey, I guess.<br /><br />We start out with the grizzled expert played by Richard Roxburgh (\\"Moulin Rouge\\"), his teen-age son, his financier (Ioan Gruffudd) and his girlfriend, and an assortment of guides and long time companions.  We know that a tropical storm is approaching, but since it's a day or two away, what the hell, let's go diving!  Now we know based on the filmmaker playbook only one or two will make it out alive.  Sure enough, the storm comes quicker than expected - nice communication - and the flooding begins, cutting off the explorers escape route.  We can pretty much pick off the casualty order although it is more difficult with this film because of the unknown Aussie cast.  So then we have to watch for each cast member to do something stupid that will effectively cause his or her doom.  The script is full of clich&eacute;s and we have a lot of yelling.<br /><br />The movie does have its moments however.  When the actors manage to shut up, there are some pretty tense scenes squeezing through small openings, getting tangled, getting lost and getting frustrated.  The film also contains some beautiful photography.  Some is underwater and some in real and artificial caves.  The film is rated \\"R\\" because of a few too many \\"F\\" bombs.  I suspect it might have done better in theaters with a PG-13.  At least with the \\"R\\" they could have gone forward with the wet suit changing scene between one of the dead female divers and the hot live one (Alice Parkinson).  Unfortunately they fumbled that opportunity as well.  The movie isn't totally awful, but it pushes the envelope.opportunity as well.  The movie isn't totally awful, but it pushes the envelope.
B004LWZVZC|4.0|I'm not exactly sure what possessed me to rent this but I'm glad I did.<br />Without giving anything away the whole movie is about Lincoln's assassins.<br />Primarily about Mary Surratt.<br />Either you're interested in the time period or you're not.<br />I found the entire thing fascinating.<br />I wasn't too sure how historically accurate the movie was so I'm rereading my history books as I write this.<br />The movie was beautifully directed.<br />Wonderfully acted.<br />Pacing, score pretty much everything was excellent.<br />People may find the whole thing rather dull as I've read in other reviews.<br />I for one really enjoyed the whole film and found it neither dull nor uninteresting.<br />A powerful film about a tumultuous time in America.<br />A must watch for period buffs.<br />I recommend it.
B003Y5H4YI|4.0|The story revolves around 3 Israeli Mossad operatives who infiltrate Soviet held East Berlin to capture a former Nazi doctor.  He had performed gruesome experiments on Jews during the War.  The film begins in 1997 with Rachel Singer (Helen Mirren) celebrating the release of her daughter's book about the events leading up to Dr. Christensen's capture.  As Rachel reads a passage from the book to the audience, her mind and the movie revert back to 1966 when she (now portrayed by Jessica Chastain) and her partners, David (Sam Worthington) and Stefan (Marton Csokas) plan the doctor's kidnapping.  Their plan is to return him to Israel for trial.<br /><br />The film does a few flips back to the current time to force us to realize that things are not what they seem.  Rachel's former husband, Stefan (now played by Tom Wilkinson) is concerned about David (now played by Ciaran Hinds) for some reason.  Most of the film involves the capture.  It is grippingly thrilling for the most part.  A subplot involving the romantic triangle comes into play and is important as we will find out in the more recent time period.  Without giving too much away, there are loose ends that must be tied up.  The 3 older actors are brilliant as usual and the 3 younger ones hold their own.  I am especially taken with Chastain who we saw recently in \\"The Help\\".  She is a real comer.  Directed by John Madden, \\"The Debt\\" is a top notch spy thriller with enough twists and turns to keep us guessing.
B006IGZWB2|5.0|This is a captivating movie, about important issues.  Its funny at times, while also full of tension and emotional intensity. Excellent acting and story.
B005J4TLO8|3.0|Well, it looks like the hard \\"R\\" comedies are making a serious comeback.  Obviously the 17 year old threshold isn't what it used to be.  Here we have Jesse Eisenberg who made such a splash in last year's \\"Social Network\\" dumb back down to the kind of movies he was making before.  I suspect he was paid a bunch.  He plays Nick, a pizza delivery boy with a life going nowhere.  Nick, during a routine delivery is confronted by a couple dimwit minor league criminals who are intent on raising $100K to hire a hitman to kill one of their lottery rich fathers.  Rather than rob a bank themselves they strap a bomb-vest onto Nick and give him 10 hours to complete the task or they will remotely blow him up.<br /><br />These 2 idiots are played by Danny McBride and Nick Swardson and the idea that a.) they would come up with the idea itself and b.) they could build the bomb is in itself ridiculous.  These guys are lucky to find the bathroom.  Nick and his best friend Chet (Aziz Ansari) aren't much smarter.  \\"30 Minutes\\" has some funny stuff, little of which is the beyond the oh-so-common \\"f-bomb\\" vocabulary.  Most of the humor is supplied by Ansari who does a lot with what he is given.  One of the funnier side stories is that Nick has a thing for Chet's twin sister Kate (lovely Dilshad Vadsaria).  Nick confesses to Chet that he had a one night stand with her several years earlier and hasn't gotten over her.  This leads to an off and on again reconciliation that plays throughout the rest of the movie.  The film has some very funny lines which make up for some of the low brow humor.
0740797719|5.0|This book did not disappoint, in fact it is one of the best books I have ever read so far. Art is a subjective process where you rely more on a hunch and instinct to get things looking good. To find an artist who is conscious enough to explain all the workings of color and light is not easy since it is like putting a formula to emotions.<br /><br />Chapter 1 Tradition<br />In the first chapter, the author wastes no time and delved right into how the great masters did it in their time with the limited pigments and how they made up for the limitations with skill.<br /><br />Chapter 2 Sources of Light<br />In the second chapter, the quick basics of light is briefly explored from direct sunlight to window light. In the later part of the chapter, James Gurney gives accurate descriptions on rare occasions where there is a hidden light source or light sources that emits from objects.<br /><br />Chapter 3 Light and Form<br />The third chapter covers all the lighting from each direction and all the various types of shadows.<br /><br />Chapter 4 Elements of Color<br />This is where it gets interesting. There are some articles and books on Color that are either too technical or too brief. In this chapter, we are introduced to the basics of color and there is a sub-page on the history of color wheels that is very enlightening. You must be thinking, \\"Color Wheels again..\\" but I can assure you that most of your questions about how the wheel came to be and other variations of the wheel is all covered here.<br /><br />Chapter 5 Paint and Pigments<br />After the introduction to color, we get right into traditional paint and pigments. Here, the techniques for color mixing and pallete arrangements are introduced. You can't help but feel that the author is being very generous with his knowledge really. He also briefly covered a warm underpainting in this chapter.<br /><br />Chapter 6 Color Relationships<br />The 6th chapter is a prelude to the coming chapter. It is basically a demonstration that color information changes depending on the adjacent colors that is placed next to that color. It is all about color relationships and how the warm and cool colors differs from each pallete.<br /><br />Chapter 7 Premixing<br />The core of the book lies in Chapter 7. It covers the all important color picking or in the traditional sense, premixing. It teaches the reader how to restrict their color pallete in order to create more harmony in a painting.<br /><br />Chapter 7 Premixing<br />In this chapter, gamut mapping and masks is covered with examples of how it would look like in an actual painting.<br /><br />Chapter 8 Visual Perception<br />Next, there are some exceptions when it comes to all the rules of colors and here it is covered in the Visual Perception chapter. Tricky situations like moonlight color and color constancy is covered in depth.<br /><br />Chapter 9 Surfaces and Effects<br />The final chapters are filled with techniques to render all other forms of effects like scattering, hair, caustics, motion blur and highlights.<br /><br />Chapter 10 Atmospheric Effects<br />Finally, the rest of the book covers all the atmospheric effects of sunlight and certain materials like snow, water, rivers and underwater. If you are expecting to be spoon fed with palletes and sure fire methods of handling color then you are mistaken. However, after going through this book, you will be armed with an understanding of color like never before<br /><br />..more at [...]ation that color information changes depending on the adjacent colors that is placed next to that color. It is all about color relationships and how the warm and cool colors differs from each pallete.<br /><br />Chapter 7 Premixing<br />The core of the book lies in Chapter 7. It covers the all important color picking or in the traditional sense, premixing. It teaches the reader how to restrict their color pallete in order to create more harmony in a painting.<br /><br />Chapter 7 Premixing<br />In this chapter, gamut mapping and masks is covered with examples of how it would look like in an actual painting.<br /><br />Chapter 8 Visual Perception<br />Next, there are some exceptions when it comes to all the rules of colors and here it is covered in the Visual Perception chapter. Tricky situations like moonlight color and color constancy is covered in depth.<br /><br />Chapter 9 Surfaces and Effects<br />The final chapters are filled with techniques to render all other forms of effects like scattering, hair, caustics, motion blur and highlights.<br /><br />Chapter 10 Atmospheric Effects<br />Finally, the rest of the book covers all the atmospheric effects of sunlight and certain materials like snow, water, rivers and underwater. If you are expecting to be spoon fed with palletes and sure fire methods of handling color then you are mistaken. However, after going through this book, you will be armed with an understanding of color like never before<br /><br />..more at [...]
B0034G4P9E|4.0|I remember watching the trailers for this movie several months ago and not being terribly excited about another \\"fighter\\" movie.  Especially so close to \\"The Fighter\\" late last year.  Add in a couple foreign actors I didn't know much about and a washed up Nick Nolte and really, do I want to see this?  And then this really isn't boxing, this is mixed martial arts.  The art being where 2 guys try to beat each other to death using any means necessary outside using a weapon.  Hell, they even use a cage.  But then I remember \\"The Wrestler\\" from 2008 which was a very good movie, so what the hell.  I liked this movie from the opening bell as it were.  We see WARRIOR spelled out in screen-filling dimensions, followed by no credits.<br /><br />The film has 2 characters on a literal collision course to a potential $5 million payday.  One is a former MMA fighter who was described by one analyst as being \\"memorable for being unmemorable.\\"  He's currently a physics teacher at a suburban Philadelphia high school but is on the verge of losing his house to foreclosure.  The other character is his estranged younger brother Tommy played by \\"Inception's\\" Tom Hardy.  He has just returned from the Marines having served in Iraq and Afghanistan.  He returns to Pittsburgh where his father (Nick Nolte) is a reformed alcoholic.  He obviously never received any father-of-the-year awards driving Tommy and his mother away to Oregon years earlier.<br /><br />Tommy wants his father to train him for the tournament like he did when Tommy was a stellar high school wrestler.  As bitter as Tommy is about his dad, he's even more so about his brother who stayed behind. He was just 16 and was in love with the girl he would eventually marry (Jennifer Morrison).  We know how the tournament will evolve, having seen everything already in the many trailers.  Brendan (Joel Edgerton) will fight his brother in the finals.  Nobody knows they are brothers because Tommy adopted his mother's maiden name.  Now, \\"Warrior\\" breaks no new ground.  It has all the fighter clich&eacute;s, going back to \\"The Set-Up\\" from 1949 to \\"Killer's Kiss\\" (1955) to 1976's Rocky to \\"The Fighter.\\"  It's the underdog or in this case underdogs struggling to overcome their weaknesses.  It is a common theme.  That and many other clich&eacute;s are not dodged by director Gavin O'Connor.  In fact they are embraced.<br /><br />What makes this movie different and yes, better are the actual words coming out of the actor's mouths and the actors who deliver them.  Tom Hardy gives a performance that you can't forget.  And Nick Nolte?  Who knew he had it in him?  Put him on a short list for Oscar consideration.  I found myself getting involved and ultimately committed to this story and its characters.  The fight scenes are very realistic although I admit I couldn't figure out some of those submission holds.  Watch the movie for the emotional conflict, the personal drama and the fine acting.  The fight action is just a bonus.ew ground.  It has all the fighter clichs, going back to \\"The Set-Up\\" from 1949 to \\"Killer's Kiss\\" (1955) to 1976's Rocky to \\"The Fighter.\\"  It's the underdog or in this case underdogs struggling to overcome their weaknesses.  It is a common theme.  That and many other clichs are not dodged by director Gavin O'Connor.  In fact they are embraced.    What makes this movie different and yes, better are the actual words coming out of the actor's mouths and the actors who deliver them.  Tom Hardy gives a performance that you can't forget.  And Nick Nolte?  Who knew he had it in him?  Put him on a short list for Oscar consideration.  I found myself getting involved and ultimately committed to this story and its characters.  The fight scenes are very realistic although I admit I couldn't figure out some of those submission holds.  Watch the movie for the emotional conflict, the personal drama and the fine acting.  The fight action is just a bonus.
B003YL4LYI|1.0|I'm not sure what happened here. I can only guess that Martin has lost interest in this, and is dragging himself through the pages on the whipping insistence of his editor.<br /><br />There are flashes of what I enjoyed in the first three books, but those flashes are quickly snuffed by pages and pages of monotonous slush. Not even Tyrion can save this one.<br /><br />I've learned a lesson here. If you start a series, tell your story, and finish it promptly. Don't do... this.<br /><br />King did the same thing with The Dark Towers series. Fool me once...
0767803434|4.0|The film is reminiscent of many an airplane, ship, railroad and, probably, even ferry boat, terror-hostage-'noted individual at risk' film; however, making it the President, gives it an extra bit of  pizzazz. Of course, Harrison Ford does his usual professional job, the nasty guys are suitably nasty, the good ones are suitably heroic, and one forgives them their excesses in the name of thriller necessity. Thriller it is, and, a good one. Lovers of the genre, accustomed to forsaking reality for the sake of enjoying a film, will like this one. I liked it. The only thing which marred it for me, occasionally was the lurking thought which would rise to the  surface before I firmly repressed it; what if we really had a President in a crisis who also ignored his oath of office so readily, had no sense of his duty to the country, what if we really had a Vice-President so unwilling to do the hard but necessary things. Never fear, President Harrison Ford will triumph as will V.P. Close. Never fear, the United States does not collapse into anarchy.
B00267N3DQ|5.0|This is a classic Disney video that is not available through Disney at this time.  I was pleased that I could get it for my granddaughters for Christmas through Amazon.com. It came in plenty of time for me to send it out, in perfect condition, for my grandchildren to enjoy on Christmas day.  Thank you very much.  Robin
0767821769|3.0|The parentheses are because I believe, can't be sure, that this sub-genre has been erased in some form of political correctness; at any rate, \\"weepy woman's picture\\", which is what it is, is accurate in its descriptive power, if not in its acceptability. Julia Roberts, naturally, is very good to look at, Susan Sarandon is not bad either; despite this, they play the parts of the wife-to-be and the ex-wife excellently. The modern, hip, touch is that the wife-to-be is living with the ex-husband and husband to be, Ed Harris, in the role of step mom to his children, who, in the course of the things, will become her step-children.  Ed Harris, manages to keep smiling ,playing fifth significant person to the two women and, in point of fact, to his 12 year old daughter and ca, 8 year old son. This is the kind of film in which men are just a backdrop to the two women (as in the days of Davis and Hopkins).  The film goes on too long for what it has to say, becoming tedious by the Christmas Day ending. Whether it will seem tedious to viewers who like this sort of thing, I cannot say. At any rate, as far as I can tell, those who like this kind of film, will like this one.
0062011847|5.0|For those who cannot get enough of Sam Vimes.  All the usual characters make an appearance, but only briefly.  I am going to sorely miss Terry Pratchett's Discworld if he ever fully succumbs to Alzheimers, but for now, he's still sharp, witty, and has a better memory than I have to keep all the details straight in this latest adventure involving goblins, mayhem, and general fald-i-ral and fiddle-dee-dee!
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|I got this app for my 3 yr old to use on my phone and on a 7 inch tablet.  He found it before I was going to show it to him and he loves it! It is very simple yet so robust!  I have already e-mailed his saved artwork to family.  It us a must-have!
B002HJ9PTO|4.0|It works fine, but remember this is a mono plug, if you plan to use it with most inexpensive video cameras they have stereo, you must use a converter plug. the cable is small night mare it tangles, and there is no led light to tell you is in or off.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games is captivating from the moment you read the first chapter. Almost instantly, you are introduced into a world of adventure. I just ordered the second book in the series: [[ASIN:0439023491 Catching Fire (The Second Book of the Hunger Games)]]  Thank you Suzanne Collins for writing this! I encourage and recommend this book to anyone regardless of age. Let The Games Begin!
B0042X9L6A|5.0|I am an amateur photographer, yet I understood how this flash works pretty fast. Just 10 minutes with the manual and I was set. Gives really well balanced light, there's a setting for every kind of photo. It makes a HUGE difference, even when I think \\"Oh I don't need flash,\\" I still use it. Photos come out SO MUCH SHARPER and really crisp. Color correction is also easier when things are lit well so in Aperture it takes less then 20 seconds to make an awesome photo look even better.
B0064BCNA4|5.0|Is really fun obviously is not a professional app or anything but I like it a lot. And is fun too :)
B006C45MRE|3.0|This is a typical Alien movie set in the Old West.  Character development was good, there was a little twist in the middle but nothing too surprising.  If you like a good old fashioned Western meets Aliens this is worth the $4.00 rental but don't expect to talk about it at the water cooler tomorrow.
B005K17RU0|4.0|great free app for current weather and weather forecasts. easy to install, unobtrusive, and accurate.  only wish the topline bar had daily forecast in addition to current weather, but not a big deal to open the app for more details.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|This gave is very addictive.  We love it. My husband starts playing and I can't get my Kindle back from him for hours.  It's a great game to pass the time.
B0064BCNA4|5.0|I love this app I don't know how to play piano but with the buttons highlighting themselves it makes it fun for me
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is a great app, easy to use and read, I also like it because you can download and read different forms of the Bible offline or online. God bless you all.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|extremely useful. use this app everyday for shopping, at work, and general note taking. two thumbs up. serious users will find a lot to use this for
B004JZBGWI|5.0|this app is amazing, very extensive.  Has an awesome calender, and several other very helpful tools tools to help you organized.  Great at keeping track of time and keeping you organized.  Great app.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|Awesome! The quality of the DVD itself excellent. The movie was great, though didn't follow all of the details of the book. You have to appreciate it on its own without comparing them.
1419702238|5.0|My boyfriend's son asked for this book before if had been released. Came to Amazon to pre-order. Not only did I get it at the best price around but it shipped on the drop date and came right to our door. Now that is what I call service!
1442346272|4.0|Loved the book, but several of the cd's were defective.  This made them difficult to hear.  Except for this annoyance I enjoyed listening to the book.
B003Y5H5FG|4.0|OK, I WAS SKEPTICAL ABOUT THE QUALITY OF THIS MOVIE WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT IN THEATERS.  HERE WE GO...YET ANOTHER REMAKE, \\"FRIDAY THE 13TH\\", \\"A NIGHTMARE ON ELM ST\\", \\"MY BLOODY VALENTINE\\", \\"BLACK XMAS\\"...AND THE LIST GOES ON.  I DIDN'T GET THE CHANCE TO SEE IT IN THEATERS AND DECIDED TO WAIT FOR DVD.  HONESTLY, IT WASN'T THAT BAD. IT PUT ME IN THE MIND OF THE MOVIE \\"DISTURBIA\\" WITH SHIA LABEOUF.  THEY DID WELL WITH TRYING TO MATCH SCENES FROM THE ORIGINAL, NOTEABLY CHARLIE IN HIS ROOM...WATCHING FROM THE WINDOW AS A 'STRIPPER' FALLS VICTIM, SCREAMING DURING THE NIGHT, THE COPS, CLUB SCENE, AMY BEING TURNED, AND THE JERRY DYING IN THE END.  THEY ADDED SOME THINGS WHICH IS WHAT TOOK THE MOVIE OVER THE EDGE IN A RIDICULOUS SORT OF WAY, (ED'S ATTACK ON CHARLIE AND AMY IN VINCENT'S MANSION).  THIS SCENE COULD HAVE BEEN LEFT OUT AND WOULD HAVE MADE FOR A BETTER MOVIE.  STILL, THE MOVIE IS WORTH BUYING IF YOU LIKE/HAVE THE ORIGINAL JUST TO COMPARE.  NOT GREAT, BUT DECENT.  IT'S JUST THE ORIGINALS HAVE A NOSTALGIA THAT THE REMAKES CAN NEVER DUPLICATE.
1466208686|4.0|As a software engineer that's either looking for a job or looking to diversify your own interviewing technique, I would recommend this book.  It provides both a high level overview of interviewing styles and a lot of questions to work through that can be immensely helpful to someone who's been out of school for awhile.
B000JIJPZY|2.0|The toys are velcro on. The Toys are also very high up and hard to reach. My child is 6 months and I bought this as another thing for her to do. She could barley reach it and she is tall for her age. The hanging Zebra is hard to work. The only thing she liked was teh butterflys, which she yanked off withing hte first 5 minutes and started chewing on. Fisher price can do better.
B005IZLPME|5.0|Great movie, enjoyed it very much - only super hero movie I can think of better is X-Men: First Class. Very good!
0446547654|4.0|It's been a very long time since I read a Novel.  This novel was very pleasant to read, love that each charactor describles what they are thinking and feeling.  Beautiful love story, full of adventure and suspense. The ending was very well done and the message is that LOVE never dies.  Well Enjoyed.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|excellent note taking program, works wonderfully on the kindle fire.  I can easily switch between my Pc my phone my kindle and my ipad 2!
B000EZMIC4|5.0|I not only love this DVD, it holds a special place because I saw the tour in Birmingham AL. Excellent show. One of the best ever. I have to concur with the other reviews in the fact that the original set was 2 discs, any other is most likely bootleg. And the one with the flashing light was the audio cd set. Both of which I still own to this day.  :)
B000OVLBGC|5.0|It seems that most reviewers harp too much on the East German secret police theme. Yes it's there and obviously the creators meant it to be a big deal--deliberately setting the date for most of the action in 1984. But the bigger story is this slow turning of a man from being dead--for all intents--into being alive and human. It is also a story of the power of art to enliven lives. Pay attention to how this is handled and you will get even more out of the story, than just a polemic about how bad Socialism is (which I agree with, but it's secondary here).
1451648537|5.0|Walter Isaacson's biography of Steve Jobs lands with a solid, weighty thud.  In fitting tribute, it is a painstakingly-designed product that conveys the Steve Jobs experience.  From the discomforting Jobs stare on the front cover to the final chapter that insists on giving Jobs the last word, it looks and feels like Jobs.<br /><br />Isaacson does the usual bio stuff.  We get capsule sketches of Jobs' birth parents, of his adoptive parents, and of some influential adults from his childhood.  Anecdotes from the teen years uncover the roots of his interests in technology, his love of good design and careful craftsmanship, and his near-obsessive attention to detail.  We see the roots of the darker Jobs, too.  He was a black-and-white thinker, seeing everything as either \\"$#!+\\" or insanely great, sometimes in rapid alternation.  Steve Jobs saw people this way, too.  Although there are examples of his sensitivity, they are outnumbered by episodes of manipulation, confrontation, and even cruelty.<br /><br />No matter how outrageous his behavior, we overlook it, minimize it, even revel in it.  And we try to understand how it underlies his achievements.  The Macintosh, iPod, iPhone, iPad...revolutions in personal computing, computer animation, and the music industry.  And--clich&eacute; that it is, it has to be said again--starting Apple Computer in a garage and shepherding its growth into the largest and most profitable company on the planet.  Isaacson's book helps us understand Steve Jobs' personality, his management style, his design philosophy, and his relentless drive for perfect products.<br /><br />A brief story gives a sense of Jobs, his friend-and-foe relationship with Bill Gates, and the book's overall tone.  Soon after iTunes for Windows was released, Jobs told the press that it was like \\"offering a glass of ice water to people in Hell.\\"  Infuriated by this latest swipe at Microsoft, Gates encountered Jobs behind stage at a conference.  \\"So I am the representative from Hell?\\" he fumed.  Jobs was startled, then grinned broadly and handed Gates a chilled bottle of water from the nearby refreshment table.  And Gates laughed.<br /><br />I don't know what Steve Jobs thought of this book.  I suspect he approved, then disapproved, then demanded a chance to do it over completely.  And then suddenly he loved it and believed he wrote it himself.  Well, he did, really.  Nicely done, Walter Isaacson.  Nicely done.<br /><br />This book is highly recommended to everyone influenced by Steve Jobs and his creations.artled, then grinned broadly and handed Gates a chilled bottle of water from the nearby refreshment table.  And Gates laughed.  I don't know what Steve Jobs thought of this book.  I suspect he approved, then disapproved, then demanded a chance to do it over completely.  And then suddenly he loved it and believed he wrote it himself.  Well, he did, really.  Nicely done, Walter Isaacson.  Nicely done.  This book is highly recommended to everyone influenced by Steve Jobs and his creations.
0385534639|5.0|Despite the fact that I am an avid reader, I've never before felt compelled to write a book review. Perhaps, it is because The Night Circus is Erin Morgenstern's first novel that I felt moved to do so. The Night Circus, as other readers have said, is absolutely magical.  I was particularly impressed with Morgenstern's stunning imagery. Although each character is nuanced and believable, it is the circus itself that is most enthralling. With the description of every tent came a sensory experience so vivid that it was, in fact, jarring to look up from the novel and realize I was actually riding the train home from work and not a reveur at the circus. I was certainly sad to come to the end of The Night Circus, but I am hopeful that Morgenstern's next novel will provide entry back into her magical world.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|it is a great app and is very helpful in finding a translation thats easy to understand and is nice the help finding the book chapter and verse
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Great game. Previously enjoyed on d2 but freezes on galaxy nexus with ics. Fix and this game deserves six stars not just five.
1935597760|4.0|Ms. McKenna has a wonderful voice and does a wonderful job defining her characters. I know them as well as I might know my neighbors. I can see the Irish setting, hear the lilting speech patterns, visualize even the minor characters...all from her writing.<br /><br />There were terrible parts of the story I didn't enjoy. Such places as the horrific orphanages Ms. McKenna writes about actually existed, and the ugliness of that reality isn't easy to learn about. But to balance things out, the characters got into situations where I laughed out loud.<br /><br />When farmer Jamie becomes depressed after being left alone with his farm and its animals to care for, his friends decide he needs a good woman.<br /><br />When schoolteacher Lydia gets out for the summer, her friend gives her something to look forward to besides remaining at the beck and call of her widowed, ailing mother.<br /><br />This is not a romance, even though it sounds like the beginnings of one. It's a reminder of how inhumane caretakers of children can warp lives. It's also a portrait of how hope is an integral part of the human character. It's also a story of how strange life can sometimes be.<br /><br />Great book.
B0068AWQQ2|1.0|If you haven't seen the original and you like cheap cgi filled monster flicks with little to no plot you'll like this film.  I'm not sure why they chose to remake this movie instead of just making their own vampire flick but they failed horribly.  The original was great horror film with plenty of very scary scenes and a great plot, this movie threw out the plot, every scary scene, the nudity, and all the great make up work. Instead they replaced it with a straight to dvd plot and a ton of cheesy cgi that made it seem more like a cartoon than a horror movie.  Skip this one and rent the original, you'll be happy you did.
B003VS0CX8|5.0|I don't usually write reviews but this one truly deserves one...I've never seen something that has been as beautifuly restored on Blu-ray as this film has. My hats off to the team that gave justice to such a classic film. The hills are truly ALIVE!!!
B00005V9IL|5.0|I saw this movie on opening night August 9th, 1989 and in over 20 years it still stands as my most memorable movie-going experience. I sat in the center front row of an abnormally gigantic theater screen and was totally lost in the underwater world James Cameron had created. From the beginning shots of the military submarine to the end credits my mind had completely forgotten I was a person sitting in a chair miles from any body of water, my suspension of disbelief was absolute. As an example of this I distinctly remember holding my breath along with the main character Virgil as he swam with his wife's limp body in his attempt to get her back to safety and revive her. I remember being so out of breath that I was involuntarily panting and had to blink my eyes because I was \\"seeing stars\\" from lack of oxygen. The Abyss may be one of the most underrated movies in all of filmmaking and probably deserved to make the money that Titanic and Avatar later would. This movie is a must have - which begs the question, \\"why haven't they released it on Blu-Ray yet?\\" This is my plea to 20th Century Fox and Mr. Cameron: Please release this movie in Blu-Ray!
B0064BCNA4|1.0|It made my Galaxy Tab continuously force-close, and made the Tab have severe problems recognizing my SD card. After I uninstalled, no more problems.
B002ZG99G8|5.0|why pay 10 to 15 to go to the movies when you can just go to amazon to buy the movie, and more this way you are in yoor own home you can stop it and play it when needed, wow great and my movie came fast, thanks amazon
B005STGJDA|4.0|I have anxiously waited for the Foo Fighter albums to be released / reissued on vinyl. Now that they have arrived, I am very pleased. Listening to this album on vinyl gives me the same feeling I had when I first heard it on CD years ago.  I wish there was an insert with lyrics and/or liner notes, but beggers can't be choosers.  It also would have been nice if they had pressed these on chunky 180gram vinyl.... but again, I will take what I can get.
B0046MOVD0|5.0|Great movie, awesome bluray! I don't know what it really is but I can watch this movie over and over and never get bored. I really feel the same for all of the RE movies. Plus, its perfect for bluray and Amazon has great prices.  A perfect buy all around. A+++++++
B005STGJHQ|4.0|I have anxiously waited for the Foo Fighter albums to be released / reissued on vinyl. Now that they have arrived, I am very pleased. Listening to this album on vinyl gives me the same feeling I had when I first heard it on CD years ago.   I wish there was an insert with lyrics and/or liner notes, but beggers can't be choosers.   It also would have been nice if they had pressed these on chunky 180gram vinyl.... but again, I will take what I can get.
B00081U7HC|5.0|I love this movie, found it for a great price, There was noting for with this order.Received also quickly. I will recommend this product.
0385534639|4.0|I am very pleased with this product. The price was very fair, and the packaging was very nice as well. Thank you
B004EPZ084|4.0|We have watched this three times already - once at the theater, then bought it on DVD and watched two more times! Not really for the kids, but a funny movie.
0307593312|5.0|Just finished reading 1Q84 and it's worth reading every single page of it.  The writing is great, the tranlation too and you find yourself mesmerized for most of it being jolted between the sort of scifi fantasy world of Orwell/Lewis Carroll and the page turning thriller \\"what comes next\\" aspects of the plot.  Loved it from beginning to end.
B005SJIP2S|1.0|Please let Benoit go.  He is not of the same skill as Jon.  I am not comparing it, but you can't expect that guy to sing Jon's song.  Weak.  Weak<br /><br />I am sorry for saying this.  I am a YES Purist.  Not into nostalgia, but I gladly moved with them with keyboard changes over the years.  Yes has had many incredible keyboard players.  Wakeman, Moraz, Igor Koroschev, Kaye and Downes.  I don't mind any of them.  You cannot however replace the guitars or vocalist in this band.  The off stint with Drama with Horn on vocals was very good, but the overal perspective of YES is something higher.  Anderson's voice is angelic, strong and he interjected basic ideas and concepts into the material which were integral on the final product.<br /><br />Yes at this stage is a bit of a parody of themselves.  The Material on Fly From here with a few exceptions from Howe's contributions are terribly weak.  They developed a song that sounded as if it was bled from the former smaller tune for which was never released prior with YES.  I don't like the direction the band is going in here.  I am more than happy having Downes in the band.  I think he has all necessary skills to do something even better with Yes, but we can't have a mediocre singer in YES.  Guys, lets put this part of Yes in History and please get Anderson back and write new material ASAP.  Jon is healthy again and ready.
B0064BCNA4|2.0|I loved it, till the sound decided to stop working on it. No It's not just my phone, cause everything else still has sound, just not this app. So there is no use in having it if it has no sound!
B0049P1VHS|3.0|Love episode one, even if it borrowed heavily from 28 Days Later. 5-star episode. Episode 2 was fun. 4-star show. Then the extraneous plotlines and long stetches without zombies started to dilute the unrelenting dread needed in a zombie show. Glad I watched in via Netflix, but not a show I need to buy. Overall a 3-star program with moments of briliance, especially early on.
1592536913|5.0|I am very pleased with this product. The quantity for the price was very fair, and the packaging was very nice as well. Thank you
0671027387|2.0|This could have been a good read. Never mind that Dan Brown's writing is generally trite. He's readable enough.<br /><br />But, before sending all his US military types, spies and scientists off to Ellesmere Island, he might have checked a map and maybe noticed that Ellesmere Island is CANADIAN and Canada is a sovereign nation. Of course, compared to the mighty US, we are a much smaller nation, but one that the US government would still need to cooperate with (as opposed to murdering the country's geologists). Moreover, as close allies, the US government would never so much as entertain the idea of 'invading' Canadian sovereign territory.<br /><br />In one particularly bizarre scene, the protagonists \\"import\\" beer from Greenland, a Danish protectorate and then complain that the beer is Canadian. Huh?<br /><br />Brown has always been accused of playing fast and loose with facts. I can tolerate a reasonable amount of artistic license in what is, after all, a work of fiction, but such blatant errors as this point to a very lazy researcher and a writer that has little respect for his readers.
B001UV4XJ2|3.0|I would have bought the movie with just the bluray only if I knew I couldnt watch the digital copy away from wifi. I loved the movie and the kids did too it was the best of them all. My only fault with the purchase was the digital copy format. :(<br />Heather
B006KSAPV0|4.0|The most important thing I can tell you about Pedro Almod&oacute;var's film, The Skin I Live In (original Spanish title: La piel que habito) is that you should avoid as much as possible knowing anything about it beyond the most basic setup before seeing it. This is one of those cases where spoilers truly can rob you of the full experience of a film. I say this as someone who went into the movie knowing little about it beyond the fact that Pedro Almod&oacute;var directed it and that it had to do with a plastic surgeon obsessed with a mysterious female patient.  And that really is the best way to see it.<br /><br />Adapted from Thierry Jonquet's novel Tarantula (original French title: Mygale) by Pedro Almod&oacute;var and his brother Agust&iacute;n Almod&oacute;var, The Skin I Live In is a complex and, as the background layers are peeled away through revelation, deeply disturbing and chilling film.<br /><br />It begins in the present day where we see Robert Legard (Antonio Banderas), a prominent plastic surgeon and medical researcher who, because of the tragic death of his wife in a fiery auto accident several years earlier, is obsessed with creating a new kind of skin superior to the skin we're born with, one that is not only both tougher and more resistant to burning and injury but also heals quicker and with little to no scarring. In his mansion, Dr. Legard has a special patient under his private, personal care, a young woman named Vera (Elena Anaya), on whom he is trying his new skin out. Our first impression is that Vera is a burn victim that Legrand is caring for, but it quickly becomes clear that Vera is more prisoner than patient. But just who is Vera? And how did she come into Legrand's rather questionable 'care'? And why does she so strongly resemble Legrand's dead wife?<br /><br />As in so many his films, The Skin I Live In has many of Almod&oacute;var's almost trademark themes running all through it:  complex familial relationships; the intertwining of family and personal secrets; the nature of desire, brutality and obsession; the lengths to which individuals can and will go; how actions can have the most unexpected and sometimes devastating consequences, and how, ultimately, we can never escape our pasts.<br /><br />The performances are pitch perfect, most particularly Antonio Banderas' controlled and controlling - and casually chilling - Legard, who has his mansion wired so that he can observe his 'patient' from almost any part of the house, and Elena Anaya's Vera with her perfect face and body and the haunted eyes that peer out from the skin she lives in, always aware that she is being observed. Added into the mix - and subtly working in other elements from classic standards of horror - are Marisa Paredes's Marilia, Legard's old housekeeper who serves as a kind of matronly Igor to Legard's Victor Frankenstein, fiercely loyal but openly disapproving; Roberto &Aacute;lamo's Zeca, a brutal criminal on the run who serves as a kind of Hyde to Legard's Jekyll - lust, rage and animal cunning to Legard's cool controlled calculation. And last but not least, Jan Cornet's Vicente, a callow young fool whose impulsive self-indulgence triggers a chain of events with consequences more dire than he could imagine. All of whom are bound to each other in ways known and unknown.<br /><br />The only reason I rate this four stars instead of five and call it a near-masterpiece instead of an all-out masterpiece is in how the final acts play out. After taking the viewer through a series of ever deeper and increasingly disturbing revelations, Almod&oacute;var seems to settle for what I felt was a disappointingly conventional resolution. But that said, the film still stands out for all of the unexpected places it did take you before that slip back into the expected. There may be times when you'll think you've seen this movie before and you know what's going on, but I assure you, you haven't and you won't until the revelations have been made.<br /><br />Highly recommended for any fan of Almod&oacute;var's and for anyone else who likes well-crafted films that really push the boundaries.s that really push the boundaries.
044654146X|5.0|REceived this book very quickly, no issues at all.  was exactly what I ordered. no additional charges. everything was very good.
B0063IH60K|5.0|i love to play this game.  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 2 3 4 5 6 v
B0010T3UUC|5.0|I recomend this product. Its great. This is cofortable and excellente for the work in the kitchen. Congratulations for Amazon y Im from Ecuador and I hope to buy another pair. Thanks
034537410X|5.0|This book is amazing. It is informative, interesting, and the author definitely knows what he is talking about.   As an experienced Oneironaut and a person who is well educated when it comes to lucid dreaming, I think it is safe to say this book is amazing. It first teaches you the basics of lucid dreaming and starts at a good pace. The tutorials are excellent and very well written. They also have heaps of information as well. As you read further in LaBerge continues with the other aspects of lucid dreaming like advanced dream control and how to better your life using lucid dreaming.   Even if you are already a pro at lucid dreaming, I would still get this book. It is a joy to read and is very informative. It may even teach you some tips and tricks as well.  I would definitely buy this book. Compared to other books about lucid dreaming, this one tops them all. This is a must buy for ANY oneironaut, new or experienced.
B005ZUR724|5.0|What can I even say here? I've wanted this from the second I got my Kindle fire, and at 99 cents this is a DEAL. The graphics on this game are AMAZING considering this is on a Kindle Fire! Blew me away!
B003U9KZ80|5.0|I bought the 2-cd set of Teenage Dream,wich I recommend.<br />Well,it smells good when you open it,just like candy!<br />The songs have a fun vibe to it,Katy is having fun here,my only complaint is that her vocals are little annoying,other than that,its all good.<br />I like all the songs alot,the 2 cd,Dream On: has some really good song and the remixes are way awesome too!<br />Good sophmore cd for Katy,I do believe her 3rd cd will be even more succesful than this one.<br />Katy also co-writes her songs here so she does display a little bit talent.<br />Good albumn!
B000002AH9|5.0|I have loved this CD since I first heard it--I can't remember how many years ago.  In reading many of the Amazon reviews of this record--I was moved by the effect this album has had on so many.  The best records always play as if they were one cut--One concept--And this CD is no exception.  All the tracks on this album are outstanding, unique takes of jazz standards that Holiday thoroughly makes her own.  I love the orchestrations as well as the haunting space age vocals which provide a pristine contrast / counterpoint to the ravaged weariness of Billie's voice.  I was going to compare Abbey Lincoln's take on &#34;For All We Know&#34; and Chet Baker's version of &#34;I Get Along Without You Very Well&#34;--Both of which are classic and fabulous--To Billie's interpretations of those tunes on &#34;Lady in Satin&#34;.  But frankly--To compare those versions by the aforementioned singers to those of Billie--Would be an injustice to the magnificence of her work on &#34;Lady in Satin&#34;.  Billie's interpretation of  &#34;For All We Know&#34; is heartbreaking--It is my favorite track on this CD--And truly a tragic farewell.  In essence--This album can be eerie, even ghostly--While at the same time being inspired, inspiring and transcendent.  There is no question that this is one of the greatest records ever made--In a way that defies analysis.<br /><br />Stephen C. Bird, Author of &#34;Any Resemblance To A Coincidence Is Accidental&#34;
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Adele is the best, great balance on this production if you are a fan will enjoy a lot. CD full of energie and great music
B001OQCV6A|5.0|It was fine. Came on time.  the rain in spain falls mainly. on the plane . I'm so tired writing this review I am going to stop right now .
B005O64VH8|5.0|It has been a while since I have purchased a CD created by White Stones.  I love their music and this new one, \\"Winter Poem\\" is no different.  The songs are exactly what I expected and more.  The entire CD is a gem.  If you need to decompress, or just want to be transported to a more peaceful place, this CD will do just that.  My only concern is that this CD doesn't play on my Sony player like all my other CDs,  but plays on my blu-ray player.  Is if formatted differently than other CDs?  I tried all 4 CDs and they play on everything else.  It is a mystery.  It's a great CD though!  Just love it and have played  and given it as gifts.
1451627289|5.0|Just finished reading book, and I am very pleased.  he keeps the writing simple, and poignant.  People have complained about his apparent lack of editing (for length), but I only wish he would have kept writing more.  I found myself caught up with \\"George's\\" adventures back in time.  For lovers of King, you will also find subtle connections to his other work.
0316098329|5.0|This book was interesting right from the start.  Such an interesting narrative perspective for such a disturbing crime.  Rave reviews from my book club as well!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love this app its fun and easy to play. The best  solitaire game I've ever played. Everyone who enjoys solitaire should get this app.
B0064BCNA4|5.0|Download/Install: ok Rating based on play, not the weird stuff. Force... OPEN?  Bizarre.  I had played with the app, the returned to the &quot;bookcase&quot; screen, turned the Kindle back to a vertical position and the app open again.  Weird.  Otherwise, this is a cute app that kids will enjoy and a good time waster for adults.
B005IY3DP2|5.0|This band has been sorely overlooked in the US and deserves a much wider audience. This is a great album full of intricately subtle but complex tunes. People you need to listen to this!
B005RAO0GS|5.0|Pretty much love this album. I've loved Florence for a long time, and am excited that the second album lives up to the promise and awesomeness of 'Lungs.'   Favorite songs are 'Only if for a Night,' 'Shake it Off,' 'Lover to Lover,' 'Never Let Me Go,' and 'Breaking Down.'
B000001FB6|4.0|Just got this album in the mail and it sounds awesome. Mk 2 reunite on this album and they made a great comeback here. As for the cd, I ordered the polydor release off amazon and it sounds very warm. All the instruments can be heard perfect, and when you turn it up it doesn't sound annoying. If you want to buy this on cd, DO NOT GET THE REMASTER. People think \\"Remastered\\" means it is better sound quality, but that is a lie(or maybe just my opinion)but the remasters sound like crap. If you like Deep Purple or good classic heavy metal and rock music you should get this album.
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|My twelve year old grandson had read \\"The Hunger Games\\" and really enjoyed it. He recommended the book to me. I read it and did enjoy it, but the violence protrayed in the story is pretty intense. I enjoyed it because I thought Collins was very  imaginative and describes a post World War United States that engages the reader through its use of gladitorial contests.  I then went on to read \\"Catching Fire\\" which I enjoyed but not as much as the first. I  then bought and read \\"Mocking Jay.\\"  I became more disappointed as I read, because as the violence increased, the main characters became more callous toward death. In one sequence, Katniss kills a woman from the Capitol who she came upon and startled. The woman is eating a sausage at the time, and as she looks wide eyed at Katniss with grease on her cheeks, Katniss simply mows her down and then doesn't show a morsel of morose or concern. This book is intended for young adults? To me it sends the wrong message. The ending is very bleak, nothing has changed even though the rebels have taken over. My daughter won't let my grandson read Mocking Jay and I agree with her. Another problem is that I would use creative to describe \\"The Hunger Games\\" and \\"Catching Fire\\", but would label Collins last book simply more of the same so by the end you become completely jaded.
B001EYU1VO|1.0|The spring on this stick is way too stiff - and the hatswitch worked only half the time when pointed to the left.<br /><br />Don't waste your money on this overpriced junk.<br /><br />ps, after a few more months with this - this thing is torture because of the stiff spring. The hatswitch doesn't work at all for left views. More buttons stopped working.<br /><br />I wish I could give this one ZERO stars.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|i love every song, it's a great listen and i would recommend to anyone that wanted to hear some good music.
1400079276|2.0|Kafka on the Shore is heavy-laden with interesting and unusual characters.  The most important ones are well developed and engaging; they people it's easy to like and with whom one can readily identify.  Yes, there is one really unpleasant, even frightening character who casts a long and malevolent shadow, and whose motives are unclear.  Nevertheless, from page to page, the folks with whom the reader spends most of his or her time are, even if a bit off-beat, quite charming: the charm of innocence, the charm of uncorrupted youth, the charm of easy going self-acceptance, the charm of one whose eyes are opened to the wonders of the world for the first time.<br /><br />These intriguing and attractive people, moreover, are doing interesting things, engaged in endeavors and exploits that hold our attention and keep us guessing as to what will happen next.  Surprises, most more or less pleasant, but some sad and confusing, are common occurrences.  Until near the novel's end, moreover, these are not the sort of events that wreck the flow of the narrative; the author avoids leaving the reader thematically lost and guessing just what is going on and where we are headed.  It's true that even early on there are some pretty odd occurrences that defy easy interpretation.  Given their context, however, they seem to fit, sometimes precisely because they are so unusual and even funny.<br /><br />From the beginning, Kafka on the shore is a vehicle for mysticism.  The protagonist and narrator, a fifteen year old boy who has adopted the name Kafka, is advised and urged on by an unseen character referred to as \\"a boy named crow.\\"  For better or worse, this mysterious source of unrefined wisdom recurs, though not frequently, throughout the novel.  It's difficult to get a handle on just who or what he is, maybe an alter ego for Kafka, or just Kafka advising himself.  After all, Kafka's just a kid, and throughout the book we are repeatedly reminded of the importance of metaphors, and some of them are pretty obscure.<br /><br />Mr. Nakata's ability to speak with cats can be construed as another unexplained mystery that we learn about early in the story.  Given Mr. Nkata's naivete' and history, however, we might be inclined to dismiss this as just an eccentric response of a lonely old man to a world he doesn't understand very well.  It's true that an incident from Mr. Nakata's time in elementary school stole his memory, but that misadventure, too, has been attributed, at least in a tenuously speculative way, to a variety of natural causes.<br /><br />The farther we go into the novel, however, the more difficult it becomes to explain away mysteries as just idiosyncratic responses of the naive, the inexperienced, the stressed, or the thoroughly puzzled.  Or as metaphors.  In some places, these inexplicable events are easy to ignore because they are innocuous.  More and more, however, a parallel universe of mysterious encounters and phenomena comes to occupy a central and consequential role, in some cases dealing with instances of life and death.<br /><br />For a time the mysterious, the spiritual, the unexplained and seemingly inexplicable add to the interest of the novel.  But this is premised on the assumption that understanding will eventually be in the offing.  After about three hundred solid pages that hold the reader's interest and seem pretty coherent, we expect the stories of Kafka and Mr. Nakata to merge in an interpretable way, and we expect the unexplained and increasingly important and lengthy ventures into mysticism to be explained.  Instead, however, the novel's characters repeatedly tell each other, as well as the reader, that some things can't be explained or understood using ordinary language.  So why write a novel?  Novels ARE words! Quite a disappointment.<br /><br />Much  of he last hundred or so pages of Kafka on the Shore leave the reader wondering why we have to venture so deeply into the realm of the spiritual, and how this partof the story is tied to the rest of the book.  There are connections between the everyday world and the world of mysticism, but while they are obvious they are also undeveloped, and some mysteries are simply dropped.  Maybe we all should spend more time attending to things spiritual in our daily lives, but this is difficult when we understand the spiritual world so poorly and when it's hard to grasp thematic links between the spiritual and the ordinary.<br /><br />The last third of Murakami's novel, a gratuitous and undisciplined celebration of the mystical, is ultimately unsatisfying and never really brings closure.  It may be trippy or New Age, but however one characterizes it, the reader is left confused, guessing as to their meaning, guessing as to what it was that Mr. Nakata was supposed to complete, guessing as to what Hochino had accomplished in his battle with the amorphous alien, guessing as to what Kafka's sojourn into the woods was all about, and guessing as to what had really happened to his father, as well as his mother and sister.  Too many things are characterized as intuitively understood by the characters but inexplicable in everyday language, sort of a sloppy literary contrivance used to pad the book.<br /><br />Murakami writes skillfully, but he doesn't seem to know how to tie together the disparate but related themes of Kafka on the shore.  The ending, no doubt fraught with metaphors that I missed, leaves diffusely scattered bits and pieces, as well as irrelevant and unexplained events and ideas that a good editor would have gotten rid of.  Kafka on the Shore has a strong beginning and hums along pretty well for roughly three hundred pages, but then it fizzles out, as the author seems to lose his way.of the story is tied to the rest of the book.  There are connections between the everyday world and the world of mysticism, but while they are obvious they are also undeveloped, and some mysteries are simply dropped.  Maybe we all should spend more time attending to things spiritual in our daily lives, but this is difficult when we understand the spiritual world so poorly and when it's hard to grasp thematic links between the spiritual and the ordinary.<br /><br />The last third of Murakami's novel, a gratuitous and undisciplined celebration of the mystical, is ultimately unsatisfying and never really brings closure.  It may be trippy or New Age, but however one characterizes it, the reader is left confused, guessing as to their meaning, guessing as to what it was that Mr. Nakata was supposed to complete, guessing as to what Hochino had accomplished in his battle with the amorphous alien, guessing as to what Kafka's sojourn into the woods was all about, and guessing as to what had really happened to his father, as well as his mother and sister.  Too many things are characterized as intuitively understood by the characters but inexplicable in everyday language, sort of a sloppy literary contrivance used to pad the book.<br /><br />Murakami writes skillfully, but he doesn't seem to know how to tie together the disparate but related themes of Kafka on the shore.  The ending, no doubt fraught with metaphors that I missed, leaves diffusely scattered bits and pieces, as well as irrelevant and unexplained events and ideas that a good editor would have gotten rid of.  Kafka on the Shore has a strong beginning and hums along pretty well for roughly three hundred pages, but then it fizzles out, as the author seems to lose his way.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|TO listen to Adele sing her well chosen lyrics with such a masterful voice at such a young age brings shivers to my body!
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|A solid app that keeps my 4 year old entertained for hours and even my graphics designer wife finds it enjoyable to play around with.<br /><br />Kindle Fire
B005D0RDKW|4.0|I am a life long fan of Rush. I have seen then about 50 times, begining with the Moving Pictures Tour. I like this DVD alot. These guys never skimp when it comes to production values. The Video is as crisp as it can be, and the 5.1 stereo is great if you have the equipment to play it.   I enjoy shutting off the lights and my phone and watching the performance, it is the closest to actually experiencing being at the show.  I really enjoyed some of the obscure stuff like the Camera Eye, Witch Hunt, and Vital Signs.  I think this would be a good way to initiate some of the youngsters, which I do see at the concerts with their Dads.  My only complaint (and I use that term very lightly) Id Gedd's vocal performance. It seems better on the DVD than on the CD. He cracked a few times, which most people wouldn't catch  Buy the DVD Buy the CD and anything else with the Rush brand on the cover
B005OTGS4E|3.0|\\"Your orders were to get me home or to shoot me if you couldn't. If you stay here your gonna die & I'm not gonna shoot myself.\\" The true story of a WWII unit that would later become England's SAS. A squad is formed to infiltrate Norway and retrieve an anti-jamming device the Nazi's have and bring it back in order to study the technology. When the mission goes south it is up to a wanna by captain to lead them to safety. This is a very good war movie, but it went on too long. I am not opposed to long movies if it holds your attention. This movie was very entertaining and exciting for about the first hour and a half, then I started to get a little bored and began to lose interest. So much so that by the time the ending happened I was disconnected with the characters and I don't think the ending had the same effect that the film makers wanted. Much like the way I felt about \\"The Way Back\\". Overall, this is a movie worth watching, but you have to be in the mood. I give it a B- (because I lost interest).
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|I have heard a few people saying that they did not like this album very much. Some have said that it was not quite so good as \\"EndGame\\"......which I say is an awesome album, but this one is not a let-down by any means. From owning and listening to virtually every album by Megadeth, I must say that \\"Thirt3en\\" is great. Dave Mustaine keeps on proving again and again that he is definitely the king of thrash metal. After first listening to \\"Thirt3en\\", I immediately noticed that it was nothing like EndGame. How can anyone expect Dave to record an album that sounds exactly like it's predecessor? I am glad that he goes for something unique and different every time. \\"EndGame\\" was a masterpiece and I must say the same for this one, it's just a different type of masterpiece. I like looking at \\"EndGame\\" as a resurgence of the sounds found in classics such as \\"Peace Sells...But Who's Buying?\\" or \\"Rust In Peace\\". \\"Thirt3en\\" takes me back to the sounds found on \\"Countdown To Extinction\\" and \\"Youthanasia\\". I must say...Megadeth is still the best thrash/speed metal band of all time, in my opinion.
B0064BCNA4|5.0|Work fine on my Galaxy SII. To play a song, the key you are supposed to play next is blue. If it remains blue, and it simply means you have to play that note again. The app is not broken, and or lame!
B005PR2FD8|5.0|Hello and welcome to my review. Between all the fighting games I have played, Tekken is number 1. First it was Tekken the motion picture, then the recent live action film, both great films. Here we have Tekken Blood Vengeance, did it succeed?<br />  The story is about a High School girl Xiaoyu who first appearence was tekken 3. She gets expelled and sent to another school located in Kyoto. As she is there, she bumps into a girl named Alisa Bosconovitch who is a human android, They hang around with this guy shin who they both happen to like, ahh a love triangle! In any case, Shin went to the same school as jin, It turns out shin has a rare gene that the mishima clan obtains. As the two beauties are having fun together, Shin gets kidnapped. As usual, Anna and Nina williams, our two lovely irish princesses are bickering. Xiaoyu spends most of her time traveling with the cute a furry panda. Xiaoyu and Alisa are both out to stop the Mishima clan from going to war, kinda similar to what Jun Kazama tried to do to Kazuya in Tekken the motion picture. In the end, the entire Mishima clan has a massive butt-kicking battle. Jin, Kazuya, and Heihachi are each fighting to own the devil gene. After Jin knocks Heihachi down, Jin and Kazuya unleash the devils within them. After Jin defeats Kazuya, Heihachi comes back with a giant mokujin, Jin defeats it. After Alisa's fall, Jin revives her and Xiaoyu and Alisa live happily ever after!<br />  So that pretty much sums it up.The special features include multiple trailers, the making, and an interview with the writer Dai Sato and Katsuhiro Harada. The visuals are terrific 10/10, Story 10/10, fights 10/10, english dub 3/10. A true tekken fan must have! All in all I give it two thumbs up. That's my review, Thanks for reading!
B005N0PJJO|5.0|This book was a great followup to fifty shades of gray.  I am just frustrated that I have to wait a few months for the next book.  I loved the two fifty shades books and it is always a let down when you get to the end and realize you have to wait for the author's next release!
B00007K02F|1.0|This version of Jane Eyre is not the version to watch. It SUCKS!!! It does the book absolutely no justice whatsoever. There is no story between Jane and Mr. Edward Rochester.  First Jane is not supposed to be boring. Charlotte Gainsbourg never has any emotion on her face. She never smiles or shows that she is happy. That is not what Jane Eyre is like. She is supposed to show emotions, but Charlotte Gainsbourg does't. Don't even get me started on William Hurt as Mr. Rochester.  William Hurt is not the one who should've played Mr. Rochester. Also Charlotte Gainsbourg was not the one to play Jane either. But back to William Hurt. He should've had more emotion as well!! He was supposed to fall in love with jane slowly, but he didn't. One minute he didn't like her, then the next he was head over heels. There was just not enough story between him and Jane.   This version just is not the one to watch. It isn't. If you are a Jane Eyre fan, a big Jane Eyre fan, then do not purchase this one.
B0034G4P94|4.0|\\"You don't knock him out, you lose the fight. Understand me? You don't knock him out, you don't have a home.\\" After being away from home for a long long time Tommy (Hardy) comes back to see his father Paddy (Nolte). Across town his brother Brendan (Edgerton) is having financial troubles. The only way the two brothers can find a way to make the money they need is by fighting in an MMA tournament. Tommy asks his father to train him and the family dysfunction grows until the tournament. Regardless of what I say here this is a great movie. My problem with this is that I think my expectations were too high. Any movie that draws comparisons to \\"Rocky\\" gets my hopes up (like \\"The Fighter\\"). Much like \\"Rocky\\" though, this movie has the fighting as a secondary plot to the family struggles that are going on. This movie is very interesting in the way that you are not sure who is the \\"good\\" brother and are not really sure who to root for the entire time. If you have seen \\"The Fighter\\" you may agree with me when I say that the movie was good but Christian Bale's performance made the movie. Nick Nolte gives that kind of performance in this one. He takes a part that could get glossed over and makes it stand out enough that to me he is the front runner for an Oscar. Overall, a very good movie but my expectations were too high to love it as much as I wanted. Of the last \\"fighting\\" movies to come out I would have to say this is 3rd on my list. After \\"The Wrestler\\" and \\"The Fighter\\". Still very much worth watching though. I give it a B+.<br /><br />*Also try - The Fighter & The Wrestler
B001UV4XI8|5.0|Finally, the moviemakers behind the Harry Potter films did the right thing and broke up a book into two movies, something that should have been done from the very first book.  Given that, this is still a long movie, clocking in at almost 2.5 hours, without any additional footage separate from the theatrical release.  This film is part action, part suspense, part drama, with a little comedy and romance thrown in.  There is magic, but not so much of it as to overwhelm the plot lines, of which there are several.  First is the quest of Harry and friends to find the Deathly Hollows.  Second is the relationship between Ron and Harry both over Hermione and with regards to each other.  Then comes the separate tragedies of the various wizards and muggles as they fall prey to Voldermort.  Last, but not least, is Voldermort himself, and his quest to find Harry Potter.  Mixed in is a very original and effective retelling of the Deathly Hallows story narrated by Hermione, some key deaths, and further insights into Dumbeldorf's past.  Overall, a great movie and well worth the purchase, especially considering the news that Warner Brothers will remove all the Potter DVD's from store shelfs early 2012.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|I bought the entire series from Season 1 to Season 3. Season 4 has just finished on FX and I will be purchasing that CD as soon as it's out.  The cool thing about going back and watching the older series is that I am picking up on some episodes that I missed. In addition, my \\"old lady\\" was not into watching the TV series but she has really gotten into watching the episodes back to back on the CD's.  Now she is hooked!
B005Y423ZC|5.0|Easily the best Live DVD I've ever watched, and I'm not a fan of hyperbole ;-) \\"Someone Like You\\" might be the most emotional performance I've ever seen. If you have any interest in Adele or pop music, buy this DVD.
1589949811|5.0|This is a very fun game! I've been playing TCG's for over ten years and thought I'd try something different. This game is really easy to pick up and the product quality is phenominal. Fantasy Flight Games makes some very quality stuff.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|I am an ardent fan of Sherlock Holmes. I love the original stories by Doyle, having read quite a few of them. And I must say that this film contains the most accurate rendering of Doyle's famous detective I have ever seen on screen. Ever. That's not an exaggeration, either.<br /><br />The Holmes in Doyle's stories was not just a man of peerless intellect - he was also a boxer, could shoot and fence well, and knew an early form of martial arts. He also had serious bouts with depression, was often unpredictable and blunt, and kept an untidy apartment. It may sound odd, but Holmes was the epitomy of oddness, and this film shows him as such.<br /><br />The people who complain about this are generally the ones who haven't read the original stories. They're just drawing on what they know from the 1940s feature films starring Basil Rathbone. Not cool. Rathbone is a fine actor, but his representation of Holmes as an austere, ultra-thin brainiac is disappointing at best.<br /><br />The movie also scores points with its accurate portrayal of Dr. Watson. In the aforementioned TV series, Watson was depicted as a bumbling fool who kept getting in his partner's way. Not so in this film: Watson is a muscular, intelligent Army doctor... just like in Doyle's stories.<br /><br />Of course, it's not a perfect adaption - I don't think Holmes ever encountered that many explosions and fist-fights during a single case, and the character of Irene Adler is much different than the one Doyle created. Everything considered, however, it's a refreshingly satisfying mix of action, adventure, mystery, and humor.
1423140591|5.0|Riordan is just as entertaining in this second book of his Heroes of Olympus books as he was in the first--The Lost Hero. He escalates what's at stake--the entire planet. In this book, Percy must earn the trust of the Roman demigods, just as the Roman Jason had to establish trust with the Greeks in The Lost Hero. Along the way, Riordan uses generous portions of his imagination to create new characters, new tribes, new monsters and much more. This book kept me turning the pages. It may not be great literature, but it earns my five stars for being vastly entertaining.
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|I bought the entire series from Season 1 to Season 3. Season 4 has just finished on FX and I will be purchasing that CD as soon as it's out.  The cool thing about going back and watching the older series is that I am picking up on some episodes that I missed. In addition, my \\"old lady\\" was not into watching the TV series but she has really gotten into watching the episodes back to back on the CD's.  Now she is hooked!
B004I8WD6E|4.0|This case feels very durable and fits great.  It has enough of an edge around the screen of my verizon iphone 4 to make me believe it will survive a fall face down.  I also love the way that the back of the case showcases the \\"apple\\" on the back of the phone.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 is because it's a little bit difficult to get the phone in the case.  With a little finagling it fits great and looks just as good.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|I have two of these, one for each of my computers (right next to eachother), they are awsome. Custom macros, custom LED colors, everything in confortable reach. All I would add is a program to make your own or edit existing GamePanel LCD displays.
B002BWP49C|5.0|This movie is the best movie that their is! Their is no other movie like it; if you like romantic, fun loving action pact movies this is the movie for you! I can't wait until Breaking Dawn part two comes out!!! I'm so excited!!!!!!!  You also need to read the books cause they left out a lot fun, interesting and exciting parts in the movies!!!
0385534639|5.0|A complete world that I had barely left a full day after I finished the book.  I'm a plot junkie, and read as a life necessity (i.e. I read daily for escape, and only occasionally for more \\"high brow\\" reasons).  I usually find myself skimming or wanting to skip over long passages of descriptive text or sidestreets from the main plot. (Unless the book is terribly good in which case I sometimes \\"force\\" myself to not miss a word.)  I never felt like skipping a phrase of this book, though it is not particularly plot driven.  It is the feel of the book, of the circus which pulls you in and along, more than any plot element. I could've spent chapters more just exploring the tents. I'd love to revisit any world which this author creates.
B000W796OM|5.0|Shipped quick, and as far as quality its a dvd just like any other dvd works when you play it!
B001PJRAUS|1.0|I'm of the belief that great literary characters should not be ripped apart.  Why Darcy would ever fall in love with this crude girl is beyond me.  Elizabeth is one of my favorite characters, and she's nearly completely absent.  Amanda DID NOT make up for her absence.  This could have been a good movie if Amanda spent her time trying to get the book back on track rather than falling in love with Darcy herself.  I think it's ridiculous that every man that comes into contact with Amanda instantly falls under her spell even though she's everything men of that period would dislike and disapprove of.  I thought Mr. Darcy of all men would have better sense. I believe in creativity, but I also believe in characters remaining true to their original character, and the characters in this movie do not.  I did not cheer when Lizzie stayed in the future, and Amanda stayed with Darcy.  It was a big disappointment.  Also, it's bizarre that Lydia is the youngest yet looks older than all the sister put together.  Basically, I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.  Just stay with the original Pride & Prejudice.  It's MUCH, MUCH better!
0141439572|5.0|THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY is one of the most elegant novels in the Gothic canon; that it is also one of the most sinister is hardly surprising given Oscar Wilde's curious aptitude for tempering the macabre with the sensuous and the frivolous with the fatalistic.<br /><br />A considerable scandal upon its publication in the early 1890s, the novel still reads as slightly homoerotic, even if only in the most clandestine and aphotic of ways. Woven through its themes of beauty, decadence, age, and the nature of art is a thread of shimmering doom that becomes more poignant the longer one spends with DORIAN GRAY and the more one considers its relationship with its author.<br /><br />It is a peacock's fan of luminous wit and glimmering color, dripping with venom and smelling of strange perfumes. We are all familiar with the general flavor of things: an innocent and exceptionally beautiful youth has his portrait painted one fateful afternoon; upon viewing the piece, he is paralyzed by the sudden revelation that one day he will be old and hideous while the painting will retain its beauty and life. In a devil's bargain, he wishes that it would be the other way around. And then, under the influence of a particularly deleterious gentleman, Dorian Gray begins to change: his innocence gives way to corruption and his beauty seems apt to languish under the spell of opium, cruelty, and languor. One day Dorian notices that the painting has begun to transform, while he himself retains all the beauty of an innocent despite the ever-swelling ocean of his sins...<br /><br />Few works of literature are as effervescent as DORIAN GRAY and just as few are as utterly pessimistic; that it is capable of fusing remarkably disparate parts into a whole that is absolutely cohesive is a fascinating example of its author's gifts. Like Wilde's SALOME, DORIAN GRAY is as colorful as it is bleak, and even its weaknesses, in context, seem like strengths.<br /><br />Seldom is an artist's most famous work also his most erudite and brilliant: this is one of those works. I have approached it perhaps six or seven times in the last five years, and each reading has left me more enraptured than the last--which is high praise for a novel that relies a great deal on suspense and aesthetic splendour. I consider it one of the finest things I have ever read--daring, sultry, venomous, eloquent, and radiant in its own decay.<br /><br />(From my Gothic fiction blog:[...]liant: this is one of those works. I have approached it perhaps six or seven times in the last five years, and each reading has left me more enraptured than the last--which is high praise for a novel that relies a great deal on suspense and aesthetic splendour. I consider it one of the finest things I have ever read--daring, sultry, venomous, eloquent, and radiant in its own decay.    (From my Gothic fiction blog:[...]
B005JU5JTI|1.0|This is an ugly movie, it wants to be a irreverent black comedy, unfortunately it falls flat. Which is a shame because it does have some wonder actors in it. John Michael Higgins, Jason Segal and Lucy Punch make the movie not terrible, but it is a one big joke movie and I was disappointed. There are some fun parts, but if you watch the trailer, you have pretty much seen them, so just give this movie a pass. To sum up: Plot - had potential. Execution - poor. Performances - Leads, lacking, Supporting cast - decent with what they had to work with.
0439023513|5.0|I recommend the Hunger Game Series to everyone! I know this series is intended for adolescents, but I am a 20 year old girl and I thoroughly enjoyed the entire series. I have been recommending it to everyone, and so far everyone feels the same way. If you like Harry Potter, have any interest in science fantasy, or just enjoy a strong fiction story with amazing characterization, this series is for you. Definitely try to finish the first one before the movie comes out in March of 2012!
B005DOKL3E|1.0|I actually returned was not what I expected.  I thought it would open completely and did not realize it was just a sleeve.  I did however find the perfect cover for my Kindle Fire.
B005FISBTO|1.0|Dexter Season 6 was boring. This will be the first season that I will not purchase. The episodes were just all over the place- choppy and sloppy. In Season 6, Debra's personality is watered down, Dexter's character does not grow at all- he continues to interfere with investigations, which almost get him, and his family killed (same storyline as always). Maria is promoted, so she is rarely seen. Quinn has a melt down when Debra turns down his proposal. The doomsday killer- Colin Hanks, is a religious sociopath who is delusional.
