B0018AK9RA|3.0|First I grew up with this band and have several of their albums,  so when I heard the original group got together to record a concept album I was ecstatic.  Some of the local rags - those that bothered to notice - wrote this off as a Spinal-Tap move, and I was looking for them to be proven wrong.  Unfortunately, this album is everything promised - in a negative way.    First the good - The musicianship, particularly the guitar work, is excellent.  KK and Glenn shred their instruments better than ever, and Rob Halford's voice is in top form.  There are no songs good enough to buy the record for, but there are a handful of worthwhile songs - 4 actually - out of 23.      #9: Death,   #11: Conquest,  #12: Lost Love, and  #17: Shadows in the flame.    Now the not-so-good.    The whole album was recorded with a production style that was very eighties - lots of reverb, gated drums, bass buried - I don't feel nostalgic for that sound at all.  That type of production originally was used to cover up for lack of technical ability on many early heavy metal albums and morphed into a fad that even better bands used later.  Many of those bands are now re-recording their best work without that production style, and rightfully so.    Unfortunately, the writing is not remarkable either.  Most of the songs sound like Iron Maiden knock-offs, particularly the annoying and pointless \\"#8: Pestilence and Plague\\", which sounds like something that would have been left on the cutting room floor for an Iron Maiden album (post-2000, not when they were relevant).  You will hear something that sounds roughly like Rob Halford screaming \\"La A-Tense-Ion-ay\\" in your sleep at night.  After 8 songs, you'll feel like putting in the far superior \\"Defenders of the Faith\\" or \\"British Steel\\" and - God forbid - even \\"Turbo\\".    It's clear that by releasing a special vinyl edition and 3 different editions of this horribly disappointing album Sony hopes to sell them to die-hard fans who are more into the D & Dalbum cover than the music contained in it.  What a horrible testament to an group that once were deservedly regarded as one of the founders of heavy metal.  3 generous stars.
B000HWZ4A2|2.0|Ayn Rand wrote herself the script for the film that features Gary Cooper as Roark and Patricia Neal as Dominique. Thanks God, she had condensed her bloated manifesto of individualism and brought it down to the reasonable size. Ironically, by cutting off hundreds of pages from the novel, the movie often does not make sense at all and in many scenes is unintentionally comical, exaggerated, and full of loud speeches that would never be heard in real life.  The only interesting character of the book, Gail Waynad did not have any development, and we did not learn anything from his past, and about his way from Hell's Kitchen to the position of giving the public what it wants and creating single-hand the public opinion.<br /><br />Both Gary Cooper(very attractive but too old for playing Roark) and Patricia Neal are very good actors and you can feel how uncomfortable they are doing their best and trying to stay serious and sincere while saying the most ridiculous lines of dialogue ever committed to celluloid. When the dramatic and moving (supposedly) scenes make me giggle uncomfortably and feel sorry for the actors on the screen  I believe it was a bad movie. The scene in the court that was supposed to be Roark's triumph and celebration of Ayn Rand's philosophical ideas left me lost and confused about the way the criminal justice system worked in the Rand's utopian world. The only redeeming value the film has well two actually - truly magnificent buildings of New York City and the running time 112 minutes. Enduring the novel was much more difficult task that is  suited for the masochists.
0553381687|5.0|After taking off a decade and a half from the genre I decided to try out some relatively recent fantasy books but by and large I've been disappointed. It seems like there are generally lower standards for fantasy books particularly your typical middle ages, swords and sorcery sub category. `A Game of Thrones`, on the other hand, is one of the best books I have ever read regardless of genre.<br /><br />I figure it must have been fate because normally I would have ran away like a little girl at the sight of an 800+ page book. And if I'd have known that this book is the short one in the series I would have shrieked like a two year old. Instead I forged ahead blissfully ignorant of the enormity of the task ahead of me and a good thing I did because this is a great book. What was most amazing was that even at 800+ pages the story never seemed bloated or padded out.<br /><br />Although it's a fantasy story the fantasy elements (magic and mythical creatures) are used extremely sparingly. There is mention of dragons from the past but none are ever seen (or are they). About the only magic in the book is animating dead. Where the book shines is in characterization. I would contrast it with another book I just read by Margaret Weis where the fantasy characters play like typical two dimension cardboard cutouts, an unfortunate trend in fantasy stories. George Martin was able to develop fully fleshed out characters that seem real and act realistically. He also creates events that feel real. This is the key to putting the reader into the story.<br /><br />I can't wait to start the next book. I hate to sound clich&eacute;d but this is riveting stuff. It isn't your classic black and white story. Sometimes the bad guys win and sometimes characters you grow fond of die. The author has created a very rich, nuanced world with many shades of grey. Unlike most stories, particularly fantasy stories the author actually spends considerable time on both sides of the conflict and the \\"villains\\" aren't just shown cackling in their stronghold. The \\"villains\\" are sometimes shown scared and desperate, often more victims of circumstances than perpetrators.<br /><br />There is no ending to the book. Like life it just continues and I assume that the next book in the series will pick right up. Finally a truly great fantasy book. I give this book my highest recommendation.\\" aren't just shown cackling in their stronghold. The \\"villains\\" are sometimes shown scared and desperate, often more victims of circumstances than perpetrators.<br /><br />There is no ending to the book. Like life it just continues and I assume that the next book in the series will pick right up. Finally a truly great fantasy book. I give this book my highest recommendation.
B0016HNOXQ|1.0|The first album in over a decade from Portishead is a puzzling disappointment. Did they suddenly forget that they make trip-hop somewhere in the last 10 years?    This album is meandering and and dull, but many apologists will classify it as \\"experimental.\\" This is a prime example of how fame or notoriety can make people will themselves into liking something. If this album were released by a no-name group it would be slammed, but because it happens to be a \\"Portishead\\" album it receives immediate praise.     Where are the drums? Where are the haunting yet catchy melodies? I WANTED to like this album and even gave it some repeat listens to see if it would grow on me, but no matter how much you spray perfume on crap it still stinks.     Another thing about this release that leaves a bad taste in my mouth is that Portishead seem to have become elitists. In the recent Remix Magazine interview they basically slam tons of artists saying that their music sucks, directly naming names. They then proclaim how they are they one of the few keeping it underground. This self congratulatory attitude makes me despise this release even more.     Either their success has gotten to their heads or they just plain lost it with age. This is my #2 huge letdown of the year after the latest Indiana Jones film.
0553381687|5.0|I've now read this book 3 times (no mean feat, because it's HUGE!) and it holds up just as well the third time as the first.  Wonderful characters, fascinating storyline, fast paced and fun.  Easily the best fantasy series ever written.
1569242739|3.0|It's a lovely book and will be a useful guide in getting the dairy out of baked goods, but I have to say I'm a bit stunned that a vegan cookbook is so full of white flour and white sugar.  There are just so many healthier sweeteners and flours to use that I can't imagine why the recipes weren't developed to be really healthy instead of simply dairy free.
B00133KHCY|5.0|My wife and I just watched August Rush last night and we completely loved it. Music, romance, magic. We both thought it was absolutely perfect. I don't have a clue as to why some people dislike this movie so much (and why the critics didn't give it better reviews). Anyway the music was a joy to listen to, the romantic thread was perfect, the acting was great (and the actors were right for their parts). The story had an interesting feeling of growing more and more connected as the music drew the characters closer and closer together in unusual ways. We actually want to see it again soon, which is rare.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|\\"Love, Actually\\" could have been titled \\"Love, Almost\\" with an American director.  With new fewer than eight couples vying for attention in this cameo-laden romantic comedy, you need a score card to keep up--and yes, everyone does win, more or less.     We start at the top, brand new Prime Minister (Hugh Grant) just moves in to fall in love with the girl who brings him coffee. Liam Neeson is helping his grade school stepson win the heart of the very young woman he loves. Emma Thompson is on the bittersweet end as she tries to wrap her head around the idea that her husband, Alan Rickman might be cheating with an office girl.     And that's not all...The stories are heartfelt with just enough British irony to keep you laughing instead of falling into a sucrose induced coma. Kudos for producer, Curtis, for giving this story enough spice to keep it real and interesting.     Rebecca Kyle, June 2008
006112429X|5.0|I'm not sure this is exactly a recommendation as I don't think most of the population is is even worthy of reading this amazing piece of literature. In fact, I'm not sure that I was worthy, but luckily the difference between being able to appreciate something and create it can be wider than an ocean, as our narrator might say.     Written from a smart female perspective(that I wouldn't call feminist as it is more personal than political), Kevin is an exploration of the human experience for any thinking person. The protagonist, Eva, tells a story that cannot always be trusted as her perceptions seem downright paranoid, at times. Or it could be that she is just easily recognizing character traits in her child that are so similar to her own. What is scary about Kevin is not that he is a foreign monster. What he says makes sense, but what he does is something else completely. You wonder if any thoughtful person wouldn't come to the same conclusions about existence that Kevin has come to; the only difference being that he is lacking empathy(the one thing that stands between most of us and sociopathology). Kevin cannot be so simply labeled a \\"bad seed\\" or an anitsocial and tossed aside; his is not a completely inaccessible character.    I read from beginning to end completely enthralled with every word. I found the ending riveting and revealing, but not because of what might be thought of as major events(those were well foreshadowed, if not outright stated), but because of some of the small events.     To those who thought the novel should be shorter, I can only say that I wished it had been longer. To those who thought that it was flawed because Kevin did not get psychiatric help, I suggest a reread and some investigation into the the efficacy of \\"therapy\\" with the characterologically disordered. And finally to those who thought it too \\"dark\\", I suggest some serious self reflection as well as a closer investigation of the world around you. To Lionel Shriver, I give a heart-felt thank you.    PS I found it hard to believe that Eva was not an atheist or that she never thought of herself as \\"particularly bright\\". Still, considering the talent and intelligence of Shriver, I can only assume that my disbelief is due to some error on my part as opposed to one on hers.
B001AUEMFS|1.0|First off, let me state that I'm a huge Coldplay fan.  \\"A Rush of Blood to the Head\\" was a remarkable album virtually exploding with delicious pop hooks and memorable songs.    That said, Viva La Vida is a pompous overblown self indulgent piece of music that was coincidentally stolen almost note for note from Joe Satriani's \\"If I could Fly\\".  A fine hook, it just isn't THEIR hook.
B000O89UG8|5.0|All David Baldacci books are fascinating. They have suspense, believability, and enough action to keep your interest throughout. I wish I could write like he does.
0316067601|5.0|The thing is about liberals, who write reviews like those seen here, they never even buy the book or read it. They thumb through the book that they checked out from the library, never read it in its entirety, but maybe skim through it, they then try to make people believe they are writing some unbiased review to deceive people to not buy it.     This book was excellently written in a very engaging manner. I felt like I was there with him and simply could not put the book down. I enjoyed him recounting different stories from his growing up, like his brother wrestling alligators. I was there with him as he was going through hell in his naval seal training... and it was intense being there with him, as his friends, and fellow frogmen died.    Thank you for telling your story, I only wish there were more politicians and Americans worthy of the blood that you all have shed on our behalf. Unfortunately, our freedoms and rights as Americans are being systematically destroyed by both major parties in Washington. Global communism, or its slightly more humane socialism, is continuing to gain in power through most of the media, education system, and by both parties. Fortunately, truth WILL win out in the end.
B00005JPS8|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie! I went to go see it the weekend it came out and I enjoyed it so much!
B000002GQE|1.0|I don't know where this CD was made, but it is a terrible recording.  Not worth the free shipping.
B000YGIIQI|5.0|The book itself is a breeze to read on the Kindle. It is fairly short but doesn't come across that way on the Kindle. The pictures that he included in his book were definately a nice touch, 95% of them came out perfectly fine. The remaining 5% either came out pretty horribly or didn't come out at all. I am a big fan of his show and have had to explain to people in the past that he is doing some of the things that he does in part because he is looking out for the participants themselves. The only way to learn sometimes is to have a lesson become implanted because their is an unpleasant memory that is attached to it. His own personal history is so rough that I can see where he gets his drive to succeed in life. Anyone can make it in life we just have to not give up. And that lesson is worth infinetly more then the price of this book.
0060512806|4.0|When you're in a bookstore the CRYPTONOMICON doesn't look all that intimidating. You've seen tons of books this thick by Tom Clancy and Robert Jordan--and probably read some or all of them with no problem.    But online here at Amazon you only see the page numbers--a whopping 1100 + !!!    Now for the important question: Is it worth your time turning all these pages?    LOCATIONS: A book this thick has to have some interesting locations, and it does: From pre-WWII Shanghai, the jungles of the Philippines, England, Italy, Sweden, Japan and Australia. I've never been to the Philippines but I felt like the author did a good job of describing it.    CHARACTERS: There are several main characters (all male) and the author takes turns telling each of their stories, which is a good way to break up any monotony. I wasn't able to really visualize what the characters looked like, but their individual actions and adventures more than make up for that. Some characters are of the nerdy suit-and-tie type and others are of the practical military-gear toting-type.    FUN: Is this a fun book to read? If you like humor and geeky \\"Gee Whiz\\" sort of information every now and then, this book has plenty of it. I especially found the part about Van Eck Phreaking really interesting--and something only the most paranoid of people would worry about. There is lots of history, most of it dealing with the Pacific Theater of WWII that I did not know before, since most games and books seem to dwell on the European side of that War.     OVERALL: If you want to read a book with some variety in location, rich in history and sub-plots that don't seem connected until much later, then I definitely recommend this book. It's a jungle of a book, but sometimes the jungle is where you find the rarest treasure.
B0018OAPAW|5.0|All of the things I loved about their previous albums seems to be combined to make this one. Every track from beginning to end plays beautifully with Half-Truism and Takes me nowhere being my favorites.    Great album, glad to see Offspring back. Needed an old school band to release an old school style album with the plethora of garbage out there today.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|Duffy's music, especially Mercy is soulful and emotionally potent.  She belts out her songs with no apologies and takes no prisoners.  Her voice has a high tone but unlike some reviewers who think she screeches, I think it is unique and quite appealing.  She can hold her notes. I am highly recommending this album to all I meet and cannot wait for her next album.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I never saw Pride & Prejudice when it was in the theaters.  In March I saw it for the first time on a cable tv program and was absolutely enthralled!  The storyline is great, the actors/actresses were all superb and the scenery was breathtaking.  I know that Keira Knightley was nominated for best actress that year and I can see why.  She is amazing. I also think that Matthew MacFadyen brought just the right touch to his portrayal of Mr. Darcy.  He was sexy, dreamy, and sensitive. I bought this DVD so that I could watch this romantic movie whenever I wanted and I would highly recommend it to anyone who wants to get caught up in another era.
B000002GQJ|1.0|I don't know where this CD was made, but it is a terrible recording.  Not worth the free shipping.
B000YKE87W|5.0|I have been a huge fan of operatic tenors for nearly all of 75 years.  I own numerous recordings of the great operatic recordings from \\"live from the Met\\" which I started listening to when I was about 12 or 14 years. Carreras and Domingo have been my favorite for years.  I was looking thru \\"operatic tenors\\" on Amazon music when I listened to the recording of Jonas Kaufmann and I am as smitten as I was when I was a romantic teen.  What a wonderful voice!!! Would love to hear him record some of \\"Phantom of the Opera\\" music, some of the Mario Lanza songs like \\"This Is My Beloved\\". Besides having a great, wonderful voice, he is pretty neat to look at also.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|I was really excited to hear the new Coldplay album was out, and rushed out to the store to buy it.  But after giving it a listen, I can tell you it's not their best.  Honestly, this album sounds exactly like X&Y only not as good.  Only get this album if you're a Coldplay fanatic, but if you're not, then save your money.  I just wish Coldplay would try to vary their style a little.  Like the variation between Parachutes and A Rush of Blood to the Head...Both albums were fantastic in their own ways and I could actually differentiate between the two releases.  I can't really do that for Viva La Vida.
B000002KIK|4.0|Look, if you want sludgy distorted doom metal, do yourself a favor and go back to listening to Paranoid or Masters of Reality.  I see no point in a band remaking the same album over and over again.  Ozzy Era Sabbath's early albums broke the mold for that style, so why should they have continued remaking the same thing again and again?    No, if you want some good music and have an open enough mind not to demand a certain sound just because there's a certain name printed on the cover, then Never Say Die is an incredible album.    Never Say Die - This opener is really high energy, the production is really great.  All of the instruments are clear, great rhythm that's almost Iron Maidenish.  I just love it.    Johnny Blade - Despite the very brief synth opener that I never cared for, this song has a great rolling drum line, some of Ward's best work with the band.  The lyrics are great, a departure from the occult oriented lyrics of earlier album with some social consciousness added in.  The guitar work is very reminiscent of Sabbath Bloody Sabbath.    Junior's Eyes - Wow.  Some jazziness in the intro, a nice downtempo song.  Iommi is rightfully known for his riffs, but is highly underrated for his melodies.  Some great wah work, great subtle leads as well.  Probably one of Ozzy's best vocal performances of all time.    Hard Road - A strange little song, but a good one.  Sounds almost like Thin Lizzy at times.  Only complaint is that its too long at 6 minutes for something of its tone and tempo.  If it had been shorter it would have belonged on the radio.    Shock Wave - Reminiscent again of SBS/Sabotage era.  The vocals at points forecast Ozzy's solo career.  Probably my least favorite on the album    Air Dance - anticipates the melodic sensibilities of the Dio years.  Some really wonderful piano work throughout, and Iommi has some nice jazzy overtones.  If you can't hack the delicacy of this kind of music, just skip it, but it's still great.  I love the solo midway through the song.      Over to You - This again could have been lifted from Sabbath Bloody Sabbath.  Similar in tone to A National Acrobat, etc.    Breakout - This albums instrumental.  It has an unexpected sax solo.  A lot of people whine about this as if its some jazz thing.  There is more jazz to Air Dance than this.  The sax is very bluesy.  Sax has been used in a lot of rock bands.  This song runs right into...    Swinging the Chain - Bill Wards second vocal attempt.  He actually has a really good voice.  I always thought his showing on Technical Ecstasy was shockingly one of its high points.  This song returns to their blues roots, with a nice touch of harmonica, I think the first time since their debut album that they used a harmonica.  Shame Bill never sang lead vocals again.    The band really stretched out a lot on this album musically.  As a person that likes to see a band grow and experiment, I think this was an excellent way to end the Ozzy era. I would have hated to see them whimper out with a retread of their most popular stuff.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|While previous works from Coldplay found themselves permanently installed into my CD player, this effort does little to inspire me. After a few listens, I just sort of drifted away from it with little desire to go back. Clearly these guys are extremely talented, and I normally marvel at the depth and textures of their music. This CD just doesn't do much for me.
0062515675|3.0|I enjoyed this book, with reservations. It's an odd blend of (mostly) Buddhist philosophy with the sort of self-help pep talk preferred by corporate go-getters. At times it reminded me of reading the Dalai Lama, at others, a Franklin-Covey leadership session.     The parable is a little facile, and the dialog naive-- but the overall thrust benign and even helpful. It may well be a doorway to a better path for many who read it. If you've never encountered Eastern philosophy before but are already a fan of corporate pep talks, you may find this a real treat.
B000002GQG|1.0|I don't know where this CD was made, but it is a terrible recording.  Not worth the free shipping.
B000J5XS3C|5.0|Giving the low price of this Mixer.  It's a very nice one for entry level use.
B000OVLBF8|3.0|If, like me, you're unfamiliar with the comic, here's the story: Johnny Blaze, motorcycle daredevil, sells his soul to the devil (Peter Fonda) in exchange for curing his father's cancer. His father's cured, all right, but he dies anyway, and Johnny Blaze is stuck with owing the devil.    Knowing the devil could return at any time, he leaves his girlfriend and becomes a recluse, emerging only to do more and more dangerous stunts, taunting the devil who's keeping him alive.    Then his old girlfriend reenters his life, and at the same time, the devil returns to collect. Johnny's mission is to retrieve a scroll, and to do that, he can become the Ghost Rider, who also ends up having some crime-fighting abilities.    Along the way, he meets a mentor (Sam Elliot), who explains all the Ghost Rider lore.    It was a nice way to spend a couple hours--not a great movie, but not terrible, either. I'd probably have found the flaming skull less silly if I'd been a fan of the comics, but it's just one of those things you have to accept or they'll spoil the movie.    The story made sense, and was acted believably. Nicholas Cage fits as the resigned loner, though the haircut (bad wig?) made me cringe every time I saw it. And thank goodness it was a DVD and we watched it at home, because I think my incredulous burst of laughter when he appeared shirtless onscreen at the fake-looking abs (seriously, they looked like foam strips glued to his stomach) would have irritated other theatergoers.    Sam Elliot was wonderful, of course--he always is. And I'd probably have appreciated Peter Fonda more if I'd ever seen Easy Rider. Ah, well.    Basically, it was a fun movie, but there was nothing to really make it stand out.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|The degree to which the people of East Germany were monitored and spied upon by their Government is chillingly captured in this movie. Focusing on a Stasi agent who is being pressured to set up a playwrite by his superiors, the story is a compelling thriller but at the same time a remarkable peek into what life must have been like behind the iron curtain.<br />Well written and acted this is a story that will stay with me for some time. A great film on a unique subject.
0385751532|5.0|I had to read this book for school and honestly wasn't looking forward to it.<br /><br />The book is very powerful, and has a central theme of humility and the ultimate value of human life. I was amazed with the ending - it was not what you expect, but had a lasting impression on me.<br /><br />I like how the author used the fence to symbolize the division between Jews and Nazis - it was something young children could understand but that adults would also find interesting.<br /><br />I would definitely recommend this to someone.
B0002OERI0|5.0|First of all, let me begin this review by saying that I'm not a diehard Green Day fan. I've always been more of an \\"old school\\" punk fan. And Green Day's usually too commercially accessible for my taste. However their 2004 album, American Idiot is an amazing punk-rock opera. It's probably their best effort yet. For me it's probably the first punk album since The Clash broke up that I've not only liked but actually loved. The lyrics are more overtly political in content than any of their previous releases and their musicianship has matured dramatically since Dookie. The album is unique in that each song can be listened to individually but when listened to in its entirety it tells a story. It's the story of two disillusioned and disenchanted American youths who feel abandoned by their peers, their parents, and by society in general. It allows the world to be seen from their perspectives and this makes for an interesting experience.  If the \\"message\\" of this album had to be summed up, I would say that at its heart it's about the need for young people to be more socially and politically aware and for the older generation to be more... well, just more.    Songs include:  1. American Idiot  2. Jesus of Suburbia Parts I-V  3. Holiday  4. Boulevard of Broken Dreams  5. Are We the Waiting  6. St. Jimmy  7. Give Me Novacaine  8. She's a Rebel  9. Extraordinary Girl  10. Letterbomb  11. Wake Me Up When September Ends  12. Homecoming Parts I-V  13. Whatsername    So join the rebellion and rock on!
B000001ELR|5.0|THIS  HAS  TO  BE  THE  MOST  UNDERRATED  LP  OF  ALL  TIME  , IT  IS SIMPLY   SUPERB  FROM  ERIC  CARRS  AMAZING  DRUMMING  TO  THE  BRILLIANCE  OF  THE  SONGS  AND  PERFORMANCE   FROM  PAUL  STANLEY  &  SIMMONS  !!
0385720920|2.0|It started out interesting so I kept on reading it.  I noticed the book had no point or anything interesting, but I thought since every talks about how great Chuck Palahniuk's book are. Towards the end the was so bad and weird I just stopped reading it.
0307387178|5.0|I first picked up this book because of all the hype around the movie.  I had not seen the movie and decided that I really wanted to check out the book before hand.  All I needed to do was read the author's notes in the front to know that I had to read it.<br /><br />Jon Krakauer's words stopped me from putting it down until the book was finished. I enjoyed how the book was woven together for good and bad on Chris Mc Candless's relationships. It made me appreciate my own experiences with people and helped me to understand how our approach to life has influences on those around us. Even when relationships are brief the outcome can be life altering.<br /><br />Into the Wild is a great read.  I could not put it down and I was happy that I read the book before seeing the movie.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001BC0ZLU Organic Catnip Leaf (Small)]][[ASIN:B001BC4YIK Eco Friendly \\"Flower for Cat\\" Organic Catnip Toy: Willow/Bear]][[ASIN:B00196MY3K Eco Slumber Pet Bed (Small)]][[ASIN:B001A4DWLY Robbie Dawg Organic Dog Biscuits: Peanut Butter & Carrot]][[ASIN:B0019LWJ9O Zisc Flying Disc Dog Toy: Granny Smith]]<br />[[ASIN:B00198XXCE Organic Earth Friendly Bumper Pet Bed (Small)]][[ASIN:B001ANSQ98 Tux Dog Treat Chew Toy: Tangerine]]
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|I was intrigued by the concept, but after five minutes fast forwarded through the whole thing in about 20 minutes. BTW, this also avoided the whole nausea thing. What a piece of junk. Can't any film maker working today in the science fiction genre realize that a GOOD story is a prerequisite for a quality movie.
B000JJRIP2|5.0|REALLY  BEAUTIFULLY  PUT  TOGETHER  THIS  SET THE  BOOKLET  ON  ITS  OWN  IS  WELL  WORTH  GETTING  !!  BUT  YOU  ALSO  GET  ALIVE  REMASTERED  AND  ON  ONE  CD  !! PLUS  ALIVE  11  &  ALIVE  111
B000001GPX|5.0|Carlos Kleiber is known for his obsession for perfection. He made few records, but everything he recorded is in excellent quality. He has become a legend of the regency.    But this recording of Beethoven's 5 e 7 Symphonies is not only the apex of his career, but the classical and Imortal record of this works.     If you want one performance of this music, it's your choice.
B000OVLBF8|4.0|This is a great action movie.  I would not show it to children under 10 but my older nephew and I really enjoyed it!
B000VS6P9Q|1.0|I looked forward to seeing the movie; but, quite frankly it sucked! More artsy-craftsy contortions than a ballerenic pretzel. And the covers of Dylan's music all turn out to be lame and lifeless just like the movie. Read Chronicles or Suze Rotolo's memoir: much, much better.[[ASIN:0767926870 A Freewheelin' Time: A Memoir of Greenwich Village in the Sixties]][[ASIN:0743244583Chronicles: Volume One (Chronicles)]][[ASIN:0825634520Bob Dylan: No Direction Home - The Soundtrack]]
0786948523|5.0|The Good: The new monster manual helps the DM where he needs it most, giving hundreds of easily read and usable monster statblocks. These statblocks seem to be evenly distributed along all 3 tiers and all 30 levels. Additionally, the new rules for creating and modifying monsters mean that you can alter many of these on the fly.    The Bad: Some of the extra \\"crunchy\\" content comes at the expense of \\"fluff\\", meaning that sometimes you only have a picture and a couple of sentences describing each monster. Some claim its an advantage (because that allows you to better integrate a given monster to your campaign), but I kinda miss the more detailed descriptions of old.    The Ugly: Some art was reused from 3.5 books... very likely a result of the art director disliking some new commissioned pieces.
B00004XQJX|5.0|I have heard the Diabelli Variations over the years. I have heard Richter, Barenboim, Sokolov, etc..     No recording impressed me as much as that of Pollini. It is so convincing that I forgot performance of all other records.     It is amazing how Beethoven, which requires an obsession for perfection, it falls well in Pollini.     I recommend
0399245030|4.0|I usually buy children's book for it's illustrations. This was totally the case with this book. It was, 'must get it for myself' kind of book. But my 3 years old daughter loves it as well. It's one of her favorite book and she just likes to look through it even when I'm not reading it to her. The story is so touching too but I think if the picture doesn't attract a child, no matter how great the story is it wouldn't cut it. This book totally succeeds in that aspect.
B000EYK4GW|5.0|Dumbo is a movie I remember as a child watching and watching, again and again.  I believe I truly drove my family mad with the constant replaying.  It has however been many years since I watched it.  However I am reliving my childhood as I slowly expand my Disney DVD's for my child.  Dumbo is a film that gives a good message of it is ok to be different and you should not allow bad things to hold you back.  It is packed with a delightful range of characters from cheeky birds to loving and mean elephants.  I would probably not recommend for very young children as the pink elephant sequence could scare them but if your child has loved other Disney movies I would say get it and they should love it too.  Before you know it they will be singing along with all the songs.  So sit back and enjoy!!
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica are one of those bands that have given us a sound that can last a life time, no matter who you're talking to or where they're from everybody has at least heard of Metallica. Their music is loud, they're energetic and they're truly something great and James Hetfield along with Lars Ulrich gave us possibly their most famous song with Enter Sandman. They are genuinely a cult status band and have a fan base that would possibly even go as far as dying for this band and that's no surprise as they are truly at the status of being god-like.<br /><br />One awesome album and is one that would really express the true greatness of Metallica's work and this is expressed through the fact that commercially this is their most successful album.<br /><br />My Top 5<br /><br />1. Enter Sandman<br />2. Holier Than Thou<br />3. Of Wolf And Man<br />4. Nothing Else Matters<br />5. Through The Never.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is exactly the workout I've been looking for.  I work out on a regular basis, but this is a video that will really rev you up and get your body in great shape fast.  I've been doing the workout for almost 30 days and have defintely lost pounds and inches.  This is not a workout for the weak; you have to decide you are going to do it and then get it done.  Due to the 20-25 minute workouts, I can do this every day and fit it in my lifestyle and it works.  I feel empty if I don't work out with Jillian every day now. The DVD is changing my life. I have more confidence in what I can accomplish and finally a workout that pushes me to new heights.
0060775858|5.0|A classic bed-time book that shows the psyche's of a child who doesn't want to sleep. What's a child to do when they want to postpone sleep? Say goodnight to everything from kittens to mittens and when you can't think of anything, say goodnight to nobody. A classic example of what happens when a great writer collaborates with a genius illustrator. There are so many things going on that the first few times you read it there is something new you discover. The gradually darkening of the room, the bunny turning around to say goodnight to the bears and the mouse! Where is the mouse? A somber book made fun....
B000J3OTSM|5.0|This was a really great movie. I had watched it at the theater before. It was nice to have a copy of my own. The product arrived in great shape and I have viewed it about three times already too.      The dancing and story for the film are really phenomenal. If you enjoy a feel good tale of young city kids- this is for you. Entertaining for anyone 13 and up.
B0017U7PT6|2.0|Admittedly looking at the basis of the story and the historical inaccuracy of it all you could be put off right away from this film, as it appears to be a typical Roland Emmerich piece of over the top CGI and not enough depth. Let me be honest when I tell you that it is what it may have appeared, it is the typical Emmerich piece and it lacks serious depth and contains some terrible acting along with ridiculous dialogue. At times the CGI simply doesn't blend into what's actually taking place, during a scene where one of the tribesmen is running with a hoard of Mammoth there are parts where you clearly see that when one of the men is looking up at the Mammoth, you clearly see he's looking in the wrong direction and mistakes like this occur during the entire movie constantly ruining the illusion. With these mistakes however it's not to say that this is the worst film I've ever seen as, at times it is a very exciting picture and something that can entertain you for the runtime duration, the CGI although with the mistakes is impressive and does have your imagination running wild, which I guess is a good point.<br /><br />The story is of an ancient Eurasian mountain tribe known as the Yaghal who in order to survive must hunt and kill wild Mammoth. One of the young hunters known as D'leh meets his true love Evolet and they become instantly attached, but one day that relationship is torn apart when a tribe of horse riding Warlords invade their village and kidnap Evolet. Following this D'leh and a small troop of hunters set on a quest in order to rescue Evolet and punish the warlords, but along the way they face dangers like Sabre-Tooth Cats and Terror Birds. Further on their journey they encounter other tribes who have faced the same wrath of the warlords and they all band together to form an army which will take on the \\"God\\" who has taken Evolet as his slave to build pyramids that reach into the skies.<br /><br />As historically incorrect as it may be, it's still a worth while entertaining movie, but all you have to manage is to put the fact that you're watching terrible acting and try your best to ignore the dialogue.ing movie, but all you have to manage is to put the fact that you're watching terrible acting and try your best to ignore the dialogue.
1600241824|4.0|I liked this book, although it is a bit different from some of his others. I heard him read a few of these stories while he was on tour a couple of years ago and was delighted to be able to get them on audio.  I bought the book, but prefer to listen to the CD because his delivery adds a great deal to the story.  The short essay about beating the nine year old swimming is some of his best material.  I found myself laughing out loud several times.<br />While the format is different, it is still entertaining and funny.  Those who find it to be \\"pornography\\" should stick to Christian lit.
1577314808|5.0|This book is life changing.  The insights given are phenomenal and right on.  Don't miss his next book,\\"A New Earth\\"!
B0000640VO|4.0|Here is a film which relies on a star in a way which has not been seen for decades. I am reminded of Audrey Hepburn in the fifties and Louise Brooks in the twenties. It proves that often, nothing changes!<br /><br />\\"Amelie\\" is an enchanting piece of porcelain which relies almost completely on the gamin charms and range of expressions of its star Audrey Tatou. Tatou does not give an acting performance in the conventional sense, but the director Jean Pierre Jeunet subjects her to endless closeups smiling at the camera and the story relies on her  ability to seduce us into her fantasy world. Fortunately, she succeeds. While at times the complicated web of stories become convoluted and overlong, an invaluable and droll commentary keeps things in check. For 2 hours we are transported into Amelie's world. There are endless visual tricks along the way, some enchanting, others pretentious but this is the ultimate feel good film and all plot points, however hard to follow, are neatly tied up.<br /><br />The copy I have watched was a special edition with some good extras including a commentary from the director in heavily accented English, an interview with him and a few members of the cast who barely get a word and some cute bits like auditions and a series of stills, behind the scenes and otherwise.<br /><br />The Special Edition DVD package is OK value.
B00168OINK|5.0|Kung Fu Panda is one of those movies that comes along once every couple of years, it gives you a good message without being patronising in the Disney movie type of way. It shows you a positive outlook on life while giving you genuine laughs without shoving slapstick comedy in your face. I would generally consider constructing my reviews on a pros and cons basis but it's difficult to do that with a film that is simply perfect in every way. I will, however, give you a list of my favourite points of the movie and discuss them in a bit more detail.<br /><br />The Cast: Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman, Angelina Jolie, Jacky Chan, Lucy Liu and many more. I don't think you can get a more star studded cast than this and they all deliver their own special brand of humour and great voice acting to the roles. Some characters are less funny than others which with a movie like this is to be expected. Together they all make this movie even more memorable.<br /><br />The Animation: With a fully CGI movie it's going to get put in the same category as films like Shrek and Toy Story for the simple reason that it's a fully computer animated movie. Of course if you're going to make a movie about a panda who wants to learn Kung Fu, CGI is an inevitable way to go in order to bring this story to life. The animation for this movie is incredible, it gives us a slick blend of cartoon animation and detailed surroundings which helps make the movie that bit more realistic.<br /><br />The Comedy: From one of the first opening lines being \\"He blinded his enemies with his awesomness\\" you knew this movie would be a high quality comedy. Jack Black as the lead character, Po, makes this movie great as he brings his typical silliness and projects it through his voice and into the character. At times I could genuinely believe Jack Black would be capable of playing the physical role of Po as the slapstick moments are something you can imagine Jack being a part of.<br /><br />The Story: The story itself from the get go you can sort of work out where they're going with it. Po, a clumsy Panda bear works for his father making noodles but he dreams of one day becoming a Kung Fu master. Meanwhile up in the jade palace current Kung Fu master Oogway decides he must choose a Kung Fu warrior to receive the dragon scrolls which are believed to be the key to becoming the greatest Kung Fu warrior in history. Po must see this ceremony and whilst trying to get over the walls of the jade palace he finds himself being chosen as the one to receive the scrolls but first he must be trained by Shifu.<br /><br />Overall it's a really good movie and when finally released on DVD is something that everybody must own.rk out where they're going with it. Po, a clumsy Panda bear works for his father making noodles but he dreams of one day becoming a Kung Fu master. Meanwhile up in the jade palace current Kung Fu master Oogway decides he must choose a Kung Fu warrior to receive the dragon scrolls which are believed to be the key to becoming the greatest Kung Fu warrior in history. Po must see this ceremony and whilst trying to get over the walls of the jade palace he finds himself being chosen as the one to receive the scrolls but first he must be trained by Shifu.     Overall it's a really good movie and when finally released on DVD is something that everybody must own.
B0001NBMEE|3.0|The \\"Prince Valiant\\" series (taken from the comics section of the newspaper) could be the basis for a great action movie.  This version, starring a young Robert Wagner in a \\"really\\" bad page boy wig, is not that movie.      The plot is straight forward.  Valiant's father lost his kingdom to the evil pagan Vikings.  He and his family are in hiding in King Arthur's England.  Valiant is sent to court to become a knight.  He befriends and becomes the squire of Sir Gawain.  Through his own pig headed stupidity he screws-up everything he touches (romance, friendship, being a squire, etc.) until he finds out that there is a traitor in Arthur's court and the traitor has delivered Valiant's family to the Vikings.  Valiant saves the day and all is forgiven.    As much as I wanted to love this movie, I couldn't.  The action scenes are well done and the castles and costumes are fine.  Unfortunately, the plot, dialogue, acting, etc, all were sub par.  The quality of the acting is particularly disappointing given the cast, all of whom are fine actors.  The fact that the language and dialogue all sounded more \\"1950s malt shop\\" than medieval was certainly part of the problem.  (The actors at your local Renaissance Festival all sound better than the one's in this movie . . . and given the quality of \\"accents and acting\\" at Renaissance Festivals, that's saying something.)    Unless you are desperate for a \\"medieval movie\\" fix or a movies you can laugh at while you watch it, look for something better.
0452289963|5.0|This book is even better than Tolle's first one, \\"The Power of Now\\"! Tolle gives even more clear and indepth teachings about staying in touch with reality - the real you!
B000001DZM|5.0|You can't help but want to get up and dance when this soundtrack is playing!
B0014Z4OQG|5.0|We all know of the hype that surrounded this film and that was even before we even knew the name of the film, once we found out the name we became more pre-occupied with the Monster but we never really got to see the monster up close and personal. Even when the movie was released we're never really given a clear shot of the monster itself leaving more to the imagination, which I think makes it all the more special. The story tells of Rob Hawkins (Michael Stahl-David) who's about to leave New York city to start a new life in Japan, during his goodbye party he has an argument with his girlfriend, Beth (Odette Yustman) and she leaves while he has to attend the party with other things on his mind. By about this time the cameraman for the movie is Hud. (T.J. Miller) As the night progresses the party is shaken by an almighty roar for which they suspect may be an earthquake but after a news report we come to learn it's something so much more frightening.<br /><br />There have been many complaints about the concept of the movie being Blair Witch-esque and being shot entirely by a handheld camera, but let me be honest when I say that it makes it all the more realistic and even more frightening. This is definitely a monster movie on the scale of the 1998 Godzilla but with one huge difference... OK maybe two and they are, we know nothing about the monster or where it comes from and we don't really come to know what it looks like. This is definitely big budget and the first scene in which the monster first attacks the city gives us the frightening vibe of the 9/11 attacks and the hysteria that the people felt at that time.<br /><br />If the initial attack and the monster itself wasn't enough to scare the life out of you, then the little creatures that fall off the monster are seriously something to make you wet your pants with fright. They have the cringe factor of a very large spider, they're fast, they're crazy and if they bite you, you explode. We're never given any explanation about what's going on with the monster or the little creatures, we never find out why the people explode and indeed whether something in the Alien movie fashion jumps out. The lack of information we're given is really something that makes the whole film special as the less you know, the more your mind starts to play tricks and the more you start to think \\"well maybe this is what happens, or maybe that's it\\" you just don't know and that's what makes it an incredible film going experience.<br /><br />This is something that you really should try, don't be put off by the wimpy claims of motion sickness or the pathetic ramblings of not being able to see much and the camera always swerving away from the best bit, as that's the point. It's more a movie for your imagination and let me tell you your mind really does play tricks. There is a sequel on the way and we have no idea how this is going to turn out, whether this will be a typical movie sequel or whether this will be another video camera movie from another point of view. The soldiers had cameras on their helmets so it's possible that the sequel may be from a soldiers point of view, I know I can't wait for the sequel but if you have yet to see the first movie, you really should try it out.'s going on with the monster or the little creatures, we never find out why the people explode and indeed whether something in the Alien movie fashion jumps out. The lack of information we're given is really something that makes the whole film special as the less you know, the more your mind starts to play tricks and the more you start to think \\"well maybe this is what happens, or maybe that's it\\" you just don't know and that's what makes it an incredible film going experience.     This is something that you really should try, don't be put off by the wimpy claims of motion sickness or the pathetic ramblings of not being able to see much and the camera always swerving away from the best bit, as that's the point. It's more a movie for your imagination and let me tell you your mind really does play tricks. There is a sequel on the way and we have no idea how this is going to turn out, whether this will be a typical movie sequel or whether this will be another video camera movie from another point of view. The soldiers had cameras on their helmets so it's possible that the sequel may be from a soldiers point of view, I know I can't wait for the sequel but if you have yet to see the first movie, you really should try it out.
B000EGEVZK|5.0|DISC 1:  1) Now I Wanna Sniff Some Glue (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, September 15, 1974)  2) I Don't Wanna Go Down To The Basement (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, September 15, 1974)  3) Judy Is A Punk (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, September 15, 1974)  4) I Wanna Be Your Boyfriend (Live at Max's Kansas City, NYC, USA, April 18, 1976)  5) 53rd & 3rd (Live at Max's Kansas City, NYC, USA, April 18, 1976)  6) Chain Saw (Live at The Club, Cambridge, MA, USA, 12, 1976)  7) Havana Affair (Live at Max's Kansas City, NYC, USA, October 8, 1976)  8) Listen To My Heart (Live at Max's Kansas City, NYC, USA, October 8, 1976)  9) I Remember You (Live at My Father's Place, Roslyn, NY, USA, May 13, 1977)  10) Carbona Not Glue (Live at My Father's Place, Roslyn, NY, USA, May 13, 1977)  11) Blitzkrieg Bop (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, June 11, 1977)  12) Sheena Is A Punk Rocker (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, June 11, 1977)  13) Beat On The Brat (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, June 11, 1977)  14) Now I Wanna Sniff Some Glue (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, June 11, 1977)  15) Rockaway Beach (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, June 11, 1977)  16) Cretin Hop (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, June 11, 1977)  17) Oh Oh I Love Her So (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, June 11, 1977)  18) Today Your Love, Tomorrow The World (Live at CBGB, NYC, USA, June 11, 1977)  19) Rockaway Beach (Live at the Second Chance, Ann Arbor, MI, USA, June 26, 1977)  20) Carbona Not Glue (Live at The Second Chance, Ann Arbor, MI, USA, June 26, 1977)  21) Pinhead (Live at Ivanhoe Theater, Chicago, IL, USA, July 6, 1977)  22) Suzy Is A Headbanger (Live at The Ivanhoe Theater, Chicago, IL, USA, July 6, 1977)  23) Commando (Live at The Armadillo, Austin, TX, USA, July 14, 1977 - earlier show of the day)  24) I Wanna Be Your Boyfriend (Live at The Armadillo, Austin, TX, USA, July 14, 1977 - earlier show of the day)  25) Now I Wanna Be A Good Boy (Live at The Armadillo, Austin, TX, USA, July 14, 1977 - later show of the day)  26) 53rd & 3rd (Live at The Armadillo, Austin, TX, USA, July 14, 1977 - later show of the day)  27) Today Your Love, Tomorrow The World (Live at The Armadillo, Austin, TX, USA, July 14, 1977 - later show of the day)  28) Loudmouth (Live at Liberty Hall, Houston, TX, USA, July 15, 1977)  29) I Remember You (Live at Liberty Hall, Houston, TX, USA, July 15, 1977)  30) Gimme Gimme Shock Treatment (Live at Liberty Hall, Houston, TX, USA, July 15, 1977)  31) Oh Oh I Love Her So (Live at Liberty Hall, Houston, TX, USA, July 16, 1977)  32) Today Your Love, Tomorrow The World (Live at Liberty Hall, Houston, TX, USA, July 16, 1977)  33) Loudmouth (Live at Don Kirshner's Rock Concert, USA, August 9, 1977)  34) Judy Is A Punk (Live at Don Kirshner's Rock Concert, USA, August 9, 1977)  35) Glad To See You Go (Live at Don Kirshner's Rock Concert, USA, August 9, 1977)  36) Gimme Gimme Shock Treatment (Live at Don Kirshner's Rock Concert, USA, August 9, 1977)  37) Swallow My Pride (Live at Camera Mart Stages, NYC, USA, September 3, 1977)  38) Pinhead (Live at Camera Mart Stages, NYC, USA, September 3, 1977)  39) Sheena Is A Punk Rocker (Live at Camera Mart Stages, NYC, USA, September 3, 1977)  40) Blitzkrieg Bop (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  41) I Wanna Be Well (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  42) Glad To See You Go (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  43) You're Gonna Kill That Girl (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  44) Commando (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  45) Havana Affair (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  46) Cretin Hop (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  47) Listen To My Heart (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  48) I Don't Wanna Walk Around With You (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  49) Pinhead (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  50) Do You Wanna Dance? (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  51) Now I Wanna Be A Good Boy (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  52) Now I Wanna Sniff Some Glue (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)  53) We're A Happy Family (Live at The Rainbow, London, England, December 31, 1977)    Bonus features:  - Dee Dee and Joey - The Beginning (Interview)  - Tommy - Forest Hills High School (Interview)  - Danny Fields - Revelations (Interview)  - Joey & Dee Dee - Influences (Interview)  - Joey & Danny - Artistic Growth (Interview)  - Violence? (Interview)  - What is Punk? (Interview)  - Tommy - How I learned to play drums and we got a record deal (Interview)  - Dee Dee - Coffee And Cigarettes (Interview)  - Johnny - Hard To Stop (Interview)  - Argentina - The First Time (Interview)  - Mandagsborgen (Interview)  - Sha Na Na Shenanigans (Interview)  - It's Not My Place (In The 9 To 5 World) (Video)  - Somebody Put Something In My Drink (Rare Video) (Rough Cut)  - Photo Galleries (Also Ramones fans got chance to send photos taken by them to the DVD).        DISC 2:  1) Rockaway Beach (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  2) Teenage Lobotomy (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  3) Blitzkrieg Bop (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  4) Don't Come Close (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  5) I Don't Care (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  6) She's The One (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  7) Sheena Is A Punk Rocker (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  8) Cretin Hop (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  9) Listen To My Heart (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  10) I Don't Wanna Walk Around With You (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  11) Pinhead (Live at Musikladen, Bremen, Germany, September 13, 1978)  12) Don't Come Close (Live at The Old Grey Whistle Test, London, England, September 19, 1978)  13) She's The One (Live at The Old Grey Whistle Test, London, England, September 19, 1978)  14) Go Mental (Live at The Old Grey Whistle Test, London, England, September 19, 1978)  15) Don't Come Close (Live at The Top Of The Pops, London, England, September 28, 1978)  16) I'm Against It (Live in Oakland (Jari-Pekka's notice: correct might be Winterland, San Francisco?), CA, USA, December 28, 1978)  17) Needles And Pins (Live in Oakland (Jari-Pekka's notice: correct might be Winterland, San Francisco?), CA, USA, December 28, 1978)  18) I Want You Around (Live at The San Francisco Civic Center, San Francisco, CA, USA, June 9, 1979)  19) I'm Affected (Live at The San Francisco Civic Center, San Francisco, CA, USA, June 9, 1979)  20) California Sun (Live at The San Francisco Civic Center, San Francisco, CA, USA, June 9, 1979)  21) Rock'N'Roll High School (Live at The Old Grey Whistle Test, London, England, January 15, 1980)  22) Do You Remember Rock'N'Roll Radio? (Live at The Old Grey Whistle Test, London, England, January 15, 1980)  23) Baby I Love You (Live at The Top Of The Pops, England, January 31, 1980)  24) Rock'N'Roll High School (Live at The Sha Na Na Show, Los Angeles, CA, USA, May 19, 1980)  25) We Want The Airwaves (Live at Mandagsborgsen, Stockholm, Sweden, October 26, 1981)  26) This Business Is Killing Me (Live at TV Musical Express, Madrid, Spain, November 17, 1981)  27) All's Quiet On The Eastern Front (Live at TVE Musical Express, Madrid, Spain, November 17, 1981)  28) Do You Remember Rock'N'Roll Radio? (Live at The US Festival, San Bernardino, CA, USA, September 3, 1982)  29) Gimme Gimme Shock Treatment (Live at The US Festival, San Bernardino, CA, USA, September 3, 1982)  30) Rock'N'Roll High School (Live at The US Festival, San Bernardino, CA, USA, September 3, 1982)  31) I Wanna Be Sedated (Live at The US Festival, San Bernardino, CA, USA, September 3, 1982)  32) Beat On The Brat (Live at The US Festival, San Bernardino, CA, USA, September 3, 1982)  33) The KKK Took My Baby Away (Live at The US Festival, San Bernardino, CA, USA, September 3, 1982)  34) Here Today, Gone Tomorrow (Live at The US Festival, San Bernardino, CA, USA, September 3, 1982)  35) Chinese Rocks (Live at The US Festival, San Bernardino, CA, USA, September 3, 1982)  36) Teenage Lobotomy (Live at The US Festival, San Bernardino, CA, USA, September 3, 1982)  37) Wart Hog (Live at The Old Grey Whistle Test, London, England, February 26, 1985)  38) Chasing The Night (Live at The Old Grey Whistle Test, London, England, February 26, 1985)  39) Blitzkrieg Bop (Live at Obras Sanitarias, Buenos Aires, Argentina, February 3, 1987)  40) Freak Of Nature (Live at Obras Sanitarias, Buenos Aires, Argentina, February 3, 1987)  41) Crummy Stuff (Live at Obras Sanitarias, Buenos Aires, Argentina, February 3, 1987)  42) Love Kills (Live at Obras Sanitarias, Buenos Aires, Argentina, February 3, 1987)  43) I Don't Care (Live at Obras Sanitarias, Buenos Aires, Argentina, February 3, 1987)  44) Too Tough To Die (Live at Obras Sanitarias, Buenos Aires, Argentina, February 3, 1987)  45) Mama's Boy (Live at Obras Sanitarias, Buenos Aires, Argentina, February 3, 1987)  46) I Don't Want You (Live at Provinssirock Festival, Seinajoki, Finland, June 4, 1988)  47) Weasel Face (Live at Provinssirock Festival, Seinajoki, Finland, June 4, 1988)  48) Garden Of Serenity (Live at Provinssirock Festival, Seinajoki, Finland, June 4, 1988)  49) I Just Want To Have Something To Do (Live at Provinssirock Festival, Seinajoki, 1988)  50) Surfin' Bird (Live at Provinssirock Festival, Seinajoki, Finland, June 4, 1988)  51) Cretin Hop (Live at Provinssirock Festival, Seinajoki, Finland, June 4, 1988)  52) Somebody Put Something In My Drink (Live at Provinssirock Festival, Seinajoki, Finland, June 4, 1988)  53) We're A Happy Family (Live at Provinssirock Festival, Seinajoki, Finland, June 4, 1988)  54) Do You Remember Rock'N'Roll Radio? (Live at The Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY, USA, October 8, 1988)  55) Wart Hog (Live at The Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester, NY, USA, October 8, 1988)  56) Psycho Therapy (Live at the Rolling Stone Club, Milan, Italy, March 16, 1992)  57) I Believe In Miracles (Live at the Rolling Stone Club, Milan, Italy, March 16, 1992)  58) I Wanna Live (Live at the Rolling Stone Club, Milan, Italy, March 16, 1992)  59) My Brain Is Hanging Upside Down (Bonzo Goes To Bitburg) (Live at the Rolling Stone Club, Milan, Italy, March 16, 1992)  60) Pet Sematary (Live at the Rolling Stone Club, Milan, Italy, March 16, 1992)  61) Animal Boy (Live at the Rolling Stone Club, Milan, Italy, March 16, 1992)  62) Pinhead (Live at the Rolling Stone Club, Milan, Italy, March 16, 1992)  63) I Don't Wanna Grow Up (Live at The Top Of The Pops, London, England, June 29, 1995)  64) I Wanna Be Sedated (Live at River Plate Stadium Estadio Antonio V. Liverti, Buenos Aires, Argentina, March 16, 1996)  65) R.A.M.O.N.E.S. (Live at River Plate Stadium Estadio Antonio V. Liverti, Buenos Aires, Argentina, March 16, 1996)  66) Blitzkrieg Bop (Live at River Plate Stadium Estadio Antonio V. Liverti, Buenos Aires, Argentina, March 16, 1996)
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Coldplay is back better than ever.  They have introduced some Middle Eastern and Latin influences into their music and it only serves to enhance their efforts.  It took several times of listening to the entire CD to really appreciate the depth and complexity of the music.  I'd hear something new every time in terms of the lyrics and the music.  I love the fact that they aren't just repeating what worked in the past but growing beyond the repetitive, soaring anthems that seemed to dominate X&Y.  If you don't like change and always want music that sounds the same, you won't like this CD.  If you appreciate good, innovative music, you will be listening to this for a long time.
B00006F2TV|5.0|This review will be split into three sections, they will be The Story, The Characters & The Verdict. This will give you a fair and true description of the movie and its characters and will give you my personal opinion of the movie which should help you make an informed decision on whether to watch this film for the first time or whether to stay away like you have already done for six years.<br /><br />The Story: Tobey Maguire plays Peter Parker an aspiring photographer who one day is taking pictures of his crush Mary Jane Watson for the \\"School Newspaper\\" when he's bitten by a radioactive spider. After the incident Peter goes through a change and gains powers that are similar to a spider, he can walk up walls, shoot web, he gains super human strength, agility and has the ability to sense danger before it comes. One day after Peter uses his powers to take part in a wrestling event to try and win some money, his uncle Ben is shot dead, Peter discovers that his uncle was shot by the man he'd let pass by after stealing money from the wrestling promoter who'd cheated Peter out of money. Peter tracks down the criminal and through a series of incidents the man is killed for which Peter makes the decision to become a superhero, thus giving birth to the phrase \\"With great power comes great responsibility.\\" The best friend of Peter, Harry Osbourne is the son of the CEO of Ozcorp Industries Norman Osbourne. Ozcorp industries develop weapons and other experimental devices for the United States Army, they're also working on an experimental treatment that would increase the speed and strength of soldiers. One night Norman tests this treatment on himself, but something goes wrong with the treatment and it develops an alternate evil personality that we come to know as the Green Goblin.<br /><br />The Characters:<br />Tobey Maguire as Peter Parker was a genius choice to make and at the time he was chosen, Tobey was very much an unknown actor but he's now an A-Lister and it's thanks to his stellar performance as the troubled Peter Parker. You gain this sympathy for Peter as he's the typical geek who always gets the worst of everything, you begin to feel like you really want him to succeed in getting the girl and getting the great career being a photographer for the Daily Bugle.<br />Kirsten Dunst as Mary Jane was again a genius choice of casting as the chemistry between the two was something inspirational. Kirsten is a really good fit for this character and through the movie you expect her to go with Harry but you know she really wants the excuse she's looking for to get with Peter. To be able to convince the viewer that you're going to go in the opposite direction than is obvious for the story to progress is something special and I hope if there is a Spiderman 4 then these are the first two to get re-signed as the main characters.<br />Willem Dafoe: I've never really been familiar with Willems work and I think a lot of people went into this movie and said \\"who the hell is he?\\" when he first came on the screen. After about the first half hour and after first seeing him play the psychotic Green Goblin, we came to realise that although to many casual movie goers he may have been an unknown we came to recognise that he was the perfect choice for this part.<br /><br />The Verdict: Many would agree that the Spider-Man character is Marvels greatest creation and the mainstream success of this movie would not dispute that in the slightest. Personally I loved this film, the action sequences between Spidey and the Goblin are intense and something that although they're minimal they get the job done in establishing the characters and the story. The relationship between MJ & Peter is at times heart wrenching as you first see that Peter is starting to win her over then when he saves her as Spidey she's won over by him. Peter becomes stuck in sort of a four way relationship and one of the other people he's competing with is himself. Because of the reason he can't tell MJ he's spidey it becomes heartbreaking to see her love struck by him and yet Peter can't tell her that he's Spiderman. This is a really good movie that gives us a great blend of both character development and action. It takes a completely fantasy element like an average man getting superpowers and puts it in the real world setting with real characters that people can relate to, this is something Stan Lee set out to do when originally creating the spiderman character and this is something that is carried on with the movie.s heartbreaking to see her love struck by him and yet Peter can't tell her that he's Spiderman. This is a really good movie that gives us a great blend of both character development and action. It takes a completely fantasy element like an average man getting superpowers and puts it in the real world setting with real characters that people can relate to, this is something Stan Lee set out to do when originally creating the spiderman character and this is something that is carried on with the movie.
B0015XHQTE|5.0|This is by far one of the best box sets I have owned. There are a total of 7 DVD's. All 5 movies get their own seperate disc and there are 2 seperate discs: Dirty Harry disc 2 (The long shadow of dirty Harry) and Clint Eastwood: Out of the shadows.<br />  There is a high-grade hard cover book included and my favorite: Inspector Callihans police badge replica (easily a $15 value).Loads of reading materials, post cards and a map of San Francisco and much more.<br />  Own it today if your a Dirty Harry fan.
B0015519VS|2.0|Usher is a talented cat who has the voice and moves to be around  for a really long time, but alot of the time on his albums he settles for average material that doesn't always compliment him and his range. he would be so well stronger musically with doing a couple of covers or songs that challenged him as to sounding like what is already out there,etc... I like the title track and for my money that is the kind of material I feel he should be aiming for as to Love in this club which sounds like any and everybody else out at this time. he has superStar Potential but settles for alot of what sounds cool for a ringtone as to what will be remembered in the bigger picture.
B0018QCXGY|2.0|Cloverfield has to be the worst movie of the decade. This movie could have been made using standard filming and still would have been bad.  The story is so predictable and \\"Deja Vu\\". A pure disapointment for me. The only thing it has going for is the special effects and the unusual ending (Everybody dies). Total waste of time and money.
B00004RF9B|5.0|I have been fascinated with this movie since I first saw it decades ago.  My love for it hasn't changed.  The special effects were especially good for that age of this film.
B0011ZNAIC|5.0|I rarely, if ever, notice what MPAA Rating a film has received as it is something I have NEVER had to worry about. I used to go to drive-in movies to watch [[ASIN:B0000524CY The Exorcist]] and [[ASIN:B000HCO86I The Omen]] when I was but a fragile fawn in the woods collecting twigs. But when I saw that it was rated PG for 'mildly suggestive humor', it caught my attention. I thought: That's something you don't see everyday.<br /><br />So, maybe it was the scenes where the angle of the viewers perspective was beneath the beautiful young girl's long legs and curvaceous body with that short, short skirt and her huge blinking eyes and wry smile. Maybe it was the many slick references to [[ASIN:B00000F798 The Graduate]]. I was a little too reminded of all the much-more suggestive Japanese Anime that I've ingested in the last decade watching the first fifteen minutes. I guess at some point, the inclusion of \\"suggestive\\" material would have to happen to mainstream Western animation, too. We export so much \\"suggestive\\" and \\"explicit\\" material, it goes without saying that even a Dreamworks movie would someday co-opt a little of that market as well. For that, I guess as a thirty-something -- I'm thankful. I've never seen Renee Zellweger looking so trim and glowing and 'come hither'. Being a married man and having to understand the basic frailties of my wife and the way she looks, I'm sure Renee was probably intensely satisfied with her characters appearance as well. It was a highlight, even if they put most of the suggestive material on the front-end of the movie.<br /><br />The second half of the movie then turns into a message-driven cautionary tale about Mankind's exploitation of bees, which is probably a long time coming and a good message for kids. I can understand the frustration of one reviewer, seeing that he's a bee farmer and that the film wasn't \\"correct\\" in all its descriptions of a real bee's life and the nomenclature of its existence. But the truth is, even if you do get your bread and butter from bee farming, being socially aware of our impact on the world of bees is a good message, no matter how you slice it. And, oh yeah, I think we all know that bees don't speak English (or Spanish), don't sip latte's, wear sweaters or study legal documents and seek to litigate for labor law violations and community infraction.<br /><br />I laughed out loud and followed this movie in rapt attention from beginning to end as did my wife, who couldn't help saying that \\"it's so cute\\" numerous times. I was very impressed with this and will probably watch it again, adding it to the short-list of animated films that I keep out for repeat viewing.<br /><br />And anybody that can work in an angle to put Sting on the witness stand and give him a lecture about his nom de plume has my vote ... very funny stuff. Gord Lord ... Gordon Sumner!read and butter from bee farming, being socially aware of our impact on the world of bees is a good message, no matter how you slice it. And, oh yeah, I think we all know that bees don't speak English (or Spanish), don't sip latte's, wear sweaters or study legal documents and seek to litigate for labor law violations and community infraction.    I laughed out loud and followed this movie in rapt attention from beginning to end as did my wife, who couldn't help saying that \\"it's so cute\\" numerous times. I was very impressed with this and will probably watch it again, adding it to the short-list of animated films that I keep out for repeat viewing.    And anybody that can work in an angle to put Sting on the witness stand and give him a lecture about his nom de plume has my vote ... very funny stuff. Gord Lord ... Gordon Sumner!
1400082773|3.0|Anyone interested in knowing more about a person that may be our next president would benefit from reading his own written material. I do not think he is qualified to be president but I wanted to know the facts and skip the rumors.
0061537934|5.0|(Kindle Edition) The format is fine; no errors that I could detect. The text is a little large in the TOC, but the links are fine.<br /><br />Since I live in the Pacific Northwest, had ties to the racing scene, followed F1 in the Senna-Prost years (although I might have been more of a fan of the gentleman Professor) and I adore my dogs, this book couldn't have been targeted at me any better. Light and whimsical in many places yet dealing with some dark topics, Enzo takes us on a journey in the lives of his family. The lessons of the Rain Master, the zebra and the crows are wonderful in context and in the broader view. Adored the book.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|I give this album 4 stars because A Rush of Blood To the Head is my all time favorite and this one doesn't top that . . . . I'll admit I wasn't sure about this one at first. Viva la Vida is about as close to a catchy melody as you're gonna get, but each song is still solid regardless. I love the different sound and different instruments. Coldplay lets this album breath. Many of the songs have instrumental breaks and transitions that certainly hold their own without vocals. This album gives us a new sound from Coldplay, but they still mix in the old sound that we love. If you are looking for a copycat of the old albums, you will be disappointed, but i think true fans will love this one! A must have!
0452289963|5.0|I feel that Tolle's book, A New Earth, is an enlightening work that not only gives the reader information about the inner workings and dysfunction of man, but also tells him what to do about it. Tolle is very clear on the new consciousness of our era where man is seeking for more in every area of his life.<br />Tolle also gives background on how we, humankind, have reached this current egoic state with many references to the collective time periods of the past, including the Inquisition and mass genocide throughout historical ages.<br />I found the book inspiring and enlightening and feel that it is invaluable material for anyone truly seeking a \\"new\\" personal as well as collective earth.<br />One major point that Tolle explains with complete clarity is the \\"inner body\\" and knowing that we are so much more than what we perceive about our life. For all to grasp the understanding, not only in their head but also in the heart, that each and every one of us is more than the physical, more than the material, and more than the intellectual combination we associate as \\"self\\" has potential to change the world and give each individual a clear path to their inner purpose and the connection to divine.<br />I give this 5 stars and would recommend it to anyone who is a \\"seeker\\" of truth.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|It definately is not trying to fit in with the more modern metal styles and i personally think that's a wise choice because i like SINGING and MUSICALITY not just \\"plow through tough guy rubbish with yelling over it.\\"
B000067CPX|5.0|this is by far the best rhcp album ever.i listen to every track of this cd.each track is filled with awsomeness.people diss this beacause ''its not like the chili peppers to make this kind of album'' it is awsome.i highly recomend.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|This is an intensely theatrical album.  It's a good thing too, because the melodrama is the thread that strings the albums many moods together; Priest cover a lot of ground on this one.  The album is triumphant at some points, then suddenly sinister; at times quite beautiful, and at others-- Monstrously Heavy!  Halford carries the day with his heroic performance.  It's inspiring to hear the old man howl his heart out!  The rest of the band make a thrilling sound throughout the record.  Not a perfect album, but a very entertaining one.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|Having played both the older version and the new one I will say that I like the addition of the linking outer edges.   They can be problematic though - mine tend to not lie perfectly flat and therefore don't hold the inside tiles together like they should.    Also the old version had wooden dice, and the new one has very ugly bright red and yellow plactic dice - not sure what the point of that is when all the other game pieces are wooden or cardboard.  The gameplay is amazing though, and the same for both versions.  Every time I visit friends and family they require that I \\"bring Settlers!\\"
0140120416|2.0|I chose to use this book as the textbook for my Russian class because it was cheaper than Golosa or Nachalo.  That was a mistake.  The book includes all the grammatical information that you need to speak Russian, but a beginning Russian student needs more than just grammar.  I don't know the author of this book, but I'm guessing that he doesn't place much importance on teaching.  It seems he still adheres to the grammar-translation approach to teaching Russian.  The organization of the book is confusing, neither thematic nor grammatical.  The exercises are brief, and could have easily been lifted from a Russian textbook that was printed in the 50's or 60's.  Frankly, I don't know why this book has gotten such rave reviews, unless it's being compared to not having any book at all.  It's a lot cheaper than a real textbook, but there's a reason why it's cheaper.  If you want a cheap way to learn Russian, check out the Berlitz Self-Teacher from the library.
B000ICL3KG|5.0|The very fact that all the points Mr. Gore makes in this thrilling film, he painstakingly backs up with undeniable and verifiable historical and scientific proof, makes this film worth seeing. I say painstakingly because I can only imagine the opposition he must have encountered while making it.    The film is both haunting and captivating. I'll bet you'll catch yourself sitting on the edge of your seat at some point duting the movie, if not during most of it.     Everyone should set aside their biased political views for just a couple of hours and watch this film. Don't forget the popcorn and soda to make it a night to remember. Yes, Mr. Gore is passionate about his work but, so what, everyone should be.     So, go for it- set politics aside for once and see the film. It'll probably be the first part of the rest of your life.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Few bands attain the level of equalized love and hate like Coldplay, this was especially evident during their last album, 2005's \\"X&Y\\" which sold bucket loads but was also slammed as a repetitive recycling of old gimmicks. For \\"Viva La Vida\\" the band decided it was time to not lose their identity, but start exploring new avenues and soundscapes, for this they employed Brian Eno, who's work with Roxy Music and U2 is legendary. And the results are impressive. Eno has helped recraft this band into a powerhouse of sound and mood that gives us more than one flavor in \\"Viva La Vida,\\" we get everything from church organs to Middle Eastern violins. This is a fresh experiment for the band with a fresh feel.    Fans of the group will not be disappointed, Chris Martin's usual tastes for despair, gloomy romance and Bono-like quest to find God in something are all here, but with a better defined, broader sound. The album even opens with an instrumental, \\"Life In Technicolor,\\" which dumps Coldplay's signature piano sound for an Iranian instrument that creates a rainy feel. This then leads into \\"Cemeteries Of London,\\" a dramatic, haunting gallop of a song that evokes ghosts, God, war, witches and curses. Unlike previous Coldplay efforts, this doesn't then connect with some track that recycles what we just heard in a lower key, instead we get \\"Lost!\\" Here Eno takes the band into the same kind of gospel-pop territory he crafted for U2's \\"The Joshua Tree.\\" A clapping rhythm decorated with a church organ-vibe creates a wonderful, visceral atmosphere.    There is a great feeling of experimentation in \\"Viva La Vida\\" as Coldplay tries different flavors and colors, sometimes mixing it all up as in \\"42\\" where a mournful piano-driven opening suddenly spirals into an ecstatic expression of drums and guitar. \\"Yes\\" features a low, very low Martin vocal that is suddenly accompanied by a Middle Eastern string section. Eno has taken the band to orchestral heights in this album with tracks that sometimes feel more symphonic than pop, consider the title track which is a cascade of violins and bells as Martin sings about a fallen king besieged by revolutionaries who want his head on a plate. The band even tries a little bit of harder, glam-rock type of material with \\"Violet Hill\\" which thumps and grinds with visions of dead soldiers and menacing Decembers.     \\"Viva La Vida\\" is one of the year's best pop/rock albums because it gives us something fresh and original from a band usually known for repitition and gimmicks. The usual Coldplay album features one or two solid tracks, think of \\"Clocks\\" and \\"Speed Of Sound,\\" but then usually descends into the realm of filler. But here we get one impressive track after another, all retaining the Coldplay spirit but with new twists and turns, going from European moods to world music experimentation. As with U2's \\"Achtung Baby,\\" Eno here has helped a band that was beginning to lose flavor find new colors to play with and soundscapes to explore. \\"Viva La Vida\\" is fun, moving, and never boring.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|Amazing vocals! The craftsmanship and quality of this music is intense! Rob gives some of the best vocals he has done in a long time. People are bashing this record because it doesn't have alot of poppy \\"catchy\\" tracks but if there were then they would have criticized the album as being to soft. This double cd is deep, dark, heavy and simply amazing! You DEFINITELY get your money's worth.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|I am very disappointed with this CD. Priest has always been the pioneers of change throughout their career. Some has been good and some not so good. When I buy a Priest CD, I expect heavy metal. This disc is totally different from anything they have ever done. For me though, I think this disc stinks. This CD sounds like &quot;Star Wars&quot; theme music in the background layered over with Halford's vocals. Halford should have stayed solo. His solo material and &quot;Fight&quot; discs blow this away. If they want to try new stuff, that is their perogative. I don't have to agree with their change of direction and experimentation.
B000BEZQ0Y|5.0|I was slightly shocked when I read Amazon.com's review of this.  \\"A monochromatic beige\\"?  I think not.  I have bought numerous other soundtracks in the past, hoping to love it as much as the movie it provided a background for; I have been, therefore, unhappily surprised when I couldn't even remember hearing the pieces from the soundtrack from the movie.  This is what, to me, defines \\"failing to acquire a personality of its own.\\"  However, this soundtrack, I feel, is so integral to the beautiful spirit of the movie itself, one cannot help but be drawn back into the movie when they listen to it.  I think it would be safe to say, though I am certainly not trying to put down any other part of this wholly fantastic movie, that the soundtrack made this movie what it was.  It made the whole movie for me.
B0012QE4Q2|1.0|This movie was TERRIBLE!!! I completely understand that it was historical fiction, and that is not what bothered me- my issue is that it was supposed to be based on the novel by Phillipa Gregory. I read the book just before seeing this movie and I do not think the two are connected AT ALL!!! I loved the book, but the movie was atrocious. I think the biggest issue was that they tried to turn a 660+ page book into a 2 hour movie- that just does not work. They skipped over too many important details (like that in the book Mary has 3 children by the King, and that Anne miscarries 3), and they changed too many more (in the book Anne and George do sleep together, and Anne conceives by George but miscarries the monstrocity that results). All-in-all, terrible script, terrible acting.. the only redeeming quality of this film is the constumes. Don't even waste your time- read the book instead, or watch The Tudors.
B0012QE4Q2|1.0|If you have read the Philippa Gregory novel, watched \\"The Tudors\\" on Showtime, or know anything about Anne Boleyn, you will be throwing bricks at the screen within five minutes.  Philippa Gregory tries to \\"fill in the gaps\\" in her novels, but essentially doesn't mess around with history.  Hollywood, for some reason unbeknownst to me, cheerfully rewrites history to suit its own ideas of character development or conflict.  Please.  When you are dealing with one of the most compelling chapters in all history, you don't have to rewrite it!    I was really looking forward to seeing this film.  I couldn't have been more disappointed.  The acting was lackluster, the direction disjointed, and the pacing erratic.  Please, Hollywood, if you can't do it right, leave it to A&E or someone else who will actually tell the story right.
0307265730|5.0|Jhumpa Lahiri maintains the level of disciplined detail she's demonstrated in both of her previous texts. Her stories are emotional without ever devolving into melodrama. A very satisfying read.
B000A7DVRC|5.0|I didn't know what to expect from this movie to be honest.  Upon finding out I was 3/4 German and studying behaviors of Nihilists, my friend said I would probably like a part of this movie with a ferret and three German Nihilists.  I also watched a Youtube Poop (comedic videos of cartoon shows with overdubs and other material on youtube) where the \\"Is this your homework Larry?\\" scene's audio was overdubbed on a few scenes of \\"Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog\\" which depicted an angry Dr. Robotnik and Grounder the Robot interogating Sonic about his homework and the stolen car and money. My friend said it was also made by the succesful Coen Brothers who also made one of my favorite movies, \\"No Country For Old Men\\". With the main character as an unemployed slob (Jeff Bridges) who does pot, drinks white russians, gets mistaken for a multi-millionaire with the exact same name, and hangs out with a Nam vet (John Goodman) and an oblivious master bowler (Steve Buscemi), I was laughing at the movie's comedic value and amazed at the compelling story and great plotline. I recommend that everyone watch this movie at least once, because it would be a shame to miss out on this funny and well-done masterpiece. If you like heists gone wrong, angry cripples, friendly porn company owners, hot trophy wives, german nihilists, and nude feminists, this movie is for you.  In other words, I give this movie a 5/5 for being original and funny.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|I am an old school punk rocker who has generally favored East Coast hardcore and punk to West Coast stuff, but this album is SOLID.<br /><br />The songwriting is so good in fact that you don't HAVE to like punk/pop punk/skate-core, etc... to appreciate the ingenuity and ferocity Offspring bring to this album.<br /><br />I have been playing it almost straight through for a couple days, rewinding it, and playing parts for friends, etc... It kicks a**.<br /><br />Favorites are \\"Trust in You,\\" \\"Hammerhead,\\" and \\"Takes Me Nowhere.\\"  Not a fan of the music to \\"Kristy,\\" but Dexter's lyrics are powerful and moving.<br /><br />After reading the lyrics to \\"Trust\\" and \\"Takes Me Nowhere,\\" I have to wonder if Dexter has had a religious conversion? He's clearly talking about spiritual matters and I applaud his courage to do so when mockers will mock - - - but that's what Punk is about - not worrying about what the conformist mob will think of you for speaking your mind.<br /><br />Romans 12:2<br /><br />W. Clay Asbury<br />Richmond
0312995423|3.0|Ensei Tankado is a brilliant cryptographer who used to work for the NSA (National Security Agency). However, when his conscience tweaked him about his work, he was ousted and publicly humiliated so he created the unbreakable code that none of NSA's computers could touch. Then, he offers to sell it to the highest bidder. Unfortunately, in the very first chapter of this book, he dies of a heart attack while vacationing in Spain.<br /><br />Well, actually, no. You see, he was killed. And he kind of figured out that someone was trying to kill him, so he takes a ring that he wears, which has some codes on it and passes it on to the passersby who are attempting to help him. One of them takes the ring, buth as no idea what it is and so the NSA sends a professor of languages to recover the ring.<br /><br />Hmmm .... this is starting to sound familiar:  A professor of some musty and not very useful skill is plunged into a world of cloak and dagger? where did I see this before???  OH! Da Vinci Code and Angels and Demons have the exact same premise! And just like those, this book has incredible action and a resolution within 24 hours that will just blow your mind. In line with the subject - cryptography - we learn a little bit about the subject but then are underwhelmed when the whole smart defense and intelligence industries cannot solve the simple problems that are posed for them while the outside - professor - and his girlfriend come up with all the answers.<br /><br />If you like misdirection and answers to questions that are really just questions of their own, then this book and its fast pace will really excite you. In my own case, I thought this was just as overwrought as his other \\"thrillers\\". It is good for a quick read at the beach, or for a long-delayed flight, but I would not spend any serious reading time on it.<br /><br />The convoluted plot line involves all kinds of secrets, people with agendas, hidden agendas, and hidden agendas that are hidden from the agendas. There are many preposterous scenes and events and in the end the good side wins - or does it? The book does pose some serious questions about privacy rights vs the responsibility of governments to protect their people, but it deals with this issue by having caricatures spout off lines that no one could possibly believe. We also have the case where a brilliant man who is approaching retirement throws his life away because he is secretly in love with a young woman different than his wife and all kinds of fun sexual peccadillos are conducted by a bunch of other characters who are never developed into anything but caricatures.cenes and events and in the end the good side wins - or does it? The book does pose some serious questions about privacy rights vs the responsibility of governments to protect their people, but it deals with this issue by having caricatures spout off lines that no one could possibly believe. We also have the case where a brilliant man who is approaching retirement throws his life away because he is secretly in love with a young woman different than his wife and all kinds of fun sexual peccadillos are conducted by a bunch of other characters who are never developed into anything but caricatures.
0452289963|1.0|If you are interested in seeing an excellent sermon refuting the claims of this book [...].  The message is delivered by Dr. Mark Walker of the Mt. Paran Church of God in Marietta, GA.  While calming to present new spiritual insight this book is actually a repackaging of \\"New Age\\" thought which is totally at odds with the God described in the Bible and Who is definitely not \\"us.\\"
0786948523|1.0|1. Monster powers are simplistic. Pitfiends used to grant wishes, Phanes could summon duplicates of party members from alternate time streams to fight against you. These cool, imaginative ideas have been replaced by monsters that belong in Diablo I.<br /><br />2. Computer Games have cooler baddies than the ones found here. Actually, this is an expensive video game manual for a table top video game.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|This album makes me want to re-read my book of quatrains!!! For all you haters out there metal does not have to be \\"go for the throat\\" 24/7 in order to have thrust and power. This is some of Priest's most thoughtful material ever. Everyone remembers how bad \\"Jugulator\\" and \\"Demolition\\" were I'm sure. Those albums were total sophomoric crap!!    \\"Nostradamus\\" however, is very well thought out, and sequenced. The Metal God, KK, Glenn, Ian, and Scott have put their collective all into this and they are the only metal band that could've pulled this off!!    LISTEN!!
B0018RWM9G|5.0|I just wanted to let everyone know that the Vinyl (LP) version comes with a full CD as well.      The album is great, there are a couple of acoustic versions of both Lost (on Japanese version) and Lovers in Japan (itunes download) that are definitely worth listening to.  I like them better than the album versions.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|This CD is wonderful.  It has a great beat and the lyrics are easy to understand.  They tell a story.  Some moving ballads and some trendy stuff the kids will love. I really enjoyed listening to it.  Even better, as soon as I put it on my eight-year-old daughter screamed, \\"I know her\\" and immediately got up and started to dance.  It is not often that I find music that both of us can agree upon.  A must have for family entertainment.
1594489505|5.0|A Thousand Splendid Suns is one of the most beautiful stories I had ever read in my entire life. I believe women, especially, should pick this book up. It deffinetly opens your eyes and your hearts to the middle east and what that country's people have survived through.
B0014I4KH6|5.0|The Taylor Swift CD has a lot of her good songs on it and I even enjoyed the ones that I didn't recognize.  I recommend it to anyone that's heard a song of hers and liked it!
B0014I4KIK|5.0|Ok, I have to admit I've been hearing the buzz about Duffy for a few months now. However, I had completely forgotten about her until her video for Mercy appeared on VH1 when I was getting dressed for work. Without hesitation, I ran to my pc, went to amazon.com and ordered this cd, along with Adele's cd, 19.<br /><br />This cd is simply a great album. It does have the retro, or classic feel to it. Duffy, or Aime' Duffy, has a rich, wonderful voice and it comes across loud and clear. She's the grown-up man's Brittany Spears. In fact, I have to agree with another reviewer that said take 7 ounces of Dusty Springfield, mix 7 ounces of Petula Clark, but I'm gonna add mix another 7 ounces of Lulu and  4 ounces of Sade, and you have, whoila, the original Duffy.<br /><br />Now, let's talk about the album. It simply is an amazing album and the U.S. is sparing no expense with promoting her or Adele. Why, you ask? Well, Duffy, and Adele represent a clean-cut purity that Amy Winehouse seems to lack. Yes, we love Back to Black, but it's that whole drug thing that has Americans worried. Not so here. Duffy grew up in a normal home and managed to avoid drugs. She caught a bus, for gosh sake, two hours to and fro to write this album.<br /><br />This album starts off with Rockferry, adds in Warwick Avenue, Mercy, Stepping Stone, Syrup and Honey, Dreamer and a few other great songs, and you have an instant classic. Yes, this album was a collaboration and I admire Aime' Duffy for acknowledging that very thing. She's a humble lady and is on a major rollercoaster ride.<br /><br />Lastly, buy the dang album. This is one incredible cd that you won't be able to stop playing. It has been in my cd player since it arrived and all of her videos are bookmarked as favorites in my youtube account. I don't know what else to say. I'm not going to get technical on you. This is a great album. Duffy has got it all: looks, a great voice, and a great talent to fill out the package. Yes, she is very easy on the eyes guys. In fact, she's darn pleasant to look at, but even more fun to listen to. You can hear the passion she has for singing and creating a tune.darn pleasant to look at, but even more fun to listen to. You can hear the passion she has for singing and creating a tune.
B0007MWZEK|1.0|Well, most of the positive reviews here are based on short usage, I think. Make no mistake this thing is as delicate as a flower. Within a month the stick broke in the middle. I returned and got a replacement from Bed Bath&Beyond. After 2 months the battery won't charge anymore. Too bad the warranty is good for only 90 days. Now you know why.   Pros.  -Worked OK when it worked.  Cons.  -Very delicate  -Battery dies in  approx 3 months.  -Forget about customer service
0553381407|5.0|I read this book when it first came out in the early 90s.  It made me realize that my sister and I were not crazy - our mother was!  Our mother caused us a lot of pain with her belief that her needs always needed to come first.  We eventually both broke off any relationship with her and led much happier lives.  Incredible book.
0684865130|5.0|Although [...]. It had an incredible affect on me. It is incredibly funny, yet very sad in parts. Especially for example when you do finally find out what happened to the gunner, Snowden, in the mission to Avignon. Or when Yossarian walks through Rome.     The ideas concerning the ridiculuous nature of war are as topical now as they were in the 1960s. Actually, of course, Joseph Heller's presentation of the insanity around him predated the Vietnam War, and I wasn't around at that time to truly judge the feeling then.    The dialogue is laugh-out-loud funny at times, as is the juxtapostion of events, as for example when Clevinger complains of confusing cause-and-effect in staring at the bomb-line on the map south of Bologna, willing the line to move itself and for the squadron to not have to fly the mission. In fact, the whole chapter in which this incident occurs, \\"Bologna\\" was the funniest in the book for me, with the rain beating down and the mission continually cancelled, Chief Whitehalfoat stealing a jeep to drive home, and Yossarian telling his pilot to turn around. And then, of course, Bologna was a milk-run; no glue gun there.     Anyone who has not read this book and is mystified by what is going on at the moment and since 2003 should read this book. It's not going to change the world, but it is food for thought.    Also highly recommended are the next two of Joseph Heller's novels, \\"Something Happened\\" and \\"Good as Gold.\\"
0307265730|5.0|I absolutely loved this set of stories and I look forward to reading more from this author. I've read her two previous.
0156027321|1.0|I am the only one in my bookclub who didn't like this book. Maybe I was just in a bad mood when I read it. But the man-eating islands and a few other parts were just too weird and/or slow for me. It did have a real shocker of a twist ending. Just too much to slog through to get to it.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|I realized when the only two songs out of 23 from this album I had on my IPOD were Prophecy & Nostradamus that I had missed something.  I relistened to the whole album and the two stars I give it now represent the two great songs on this album and thats being generous.  I have been a Priest fan for 15 years I have all their albums, listen to all their meterial all the time including the Ripper Owen's era and I loved Angel Of Retrobution.  This album truly falls short and makes no sense.  This is actually hard to type as Priest are my fav. metal band and this is my first ever negitive review of their work. Priest needs to come back with something solid after this, this is just an insult to their metal godleyness.  This album was a waste of studio time, Halford's vox are excellent espessially on Prophecy and Nostradamus tracks but are wasted on bad lyrics.  Come on Priest, give us the Screaming Heavy Metal we crave!
1577314808|5.0|If everyone read and practiced what is in this book, the world would be different.
B000OV170W|5.0|Fabulous story that not only was entertaining but thought provoking as well. Deftly told with not alot of vulgarity nor sexual content. something a teen could read comfortably. Brings to the forefront todays medical issues vs moral correctness. Highly recommended.
B00080ZG10|5.0|An incredible film that I have found very re-watchable. A brilliant cast, who I am sure, received brilliant direction from Martin Scorcese. Leonardo Dicaprio did an outstanding job in his portrayal of Howard Hughes. This is a thorougly engrossing film that comes highly recommended.....a SOLID 5 stars.
B000K15VSA|5.0|this is the best value for a true lover of this film,  if you can get the the HD version but the DVD version will do just as good.
B001BEATZA|5.0|This was my first Maiden slbum.  I receieved it shortly after it was relased and still love it!
B000UBMWG4|1.0|I gave up buying DVDs four years ago, and switched to renting as I got sick of all the messing about from the studios. I bought my original BladeRunner dvd back in 1999 and it is a truly terrible transfer. I viewed it once and has sat on my shelf, and continued to use my 20 year old vhs copy.    I was looking forward to bluray releases in the hope the studios would get their act together. Have ordered the 5 disk collectors edition, and waiting for it to arrive. Before I get hold of the disks, I discover the special features are standard dvds, not bluray disks.    It is not clear on the sleeve, or on the details on the web sites. Sure, Bluray players will play standard dvds, but all the hidef tvs are terrible at playing standard def footage.     So not doubt Warner wanted to get this release out of the door, and skimped on coverting the extras; more likely just padded the release with dvds as they are cheaper to produce. I hate this messing about, only to see a year or two from now, they re-release the set with what should have been there in the first place.    I really don't see any point in buying this stuff anymore, much better to rent with all the re-release of material all the time.
0060555661|5.0|Having being for some time a small investor with mixed results I was trying to learn more about the dynamics of the stock market. Benjamim Graham makes an excellent case for value investing which distinguishes true investors from speculators. It is as actual today (if not more then) as it was first written several decades ago. If you only read one book about stocks, be sure you pick this one. Highly recommended!
B0018J48QO|5.0|Great gift for the Dexter fan. My wife loved it and has been through the entire DVD with no issues.
B000F8O2PG|5.0|I really enjoy watching Stargate SG1, these are more of the high quality shows that we have grown to love.
0062515675|5.0|For anyone to tell you what to do would be absurd.  We all have different situations.  What Robin Sharma has done is create a way to enlighten yourself through the characters in his fable.  I have been very pleased with his books and have bought them as gifts for my friends.  It's not Zen but it creates an opportunity for you to review your life, your influences, your past and the contemplation of your future.    Through his book \\"The Monk who sold his Ferrari\\" I have found that I don't need someone to tell me the direction I need to go.  I can do it on my own through introspective analysis.  Call me crazy but I left a 150K a year job to become a school shop teacher.  His books are about figuring it out for yourself.  I've found my happiness teaching my hobbies.
B000MRA5NS|5.0|In my opinion, this was one of the best bond movies I have ever seen. The opening chase sequence is just amazing. I thought the plot was pretty good in this film. I enjoyed how they showed the love interest causing Bond to turn completely into a purely heartless idividual. This is the Bond I want to see. No emotion or pity for anyone or anything. Of course, he will still have his charming ways with the ladies, but other than that, he is just ready to follow orders and kill people....awesome!  The movie was made during the huge poker wave that swept the nation, so the idea of the tournament in the movie captured a much larger audience. My dad watched the movie purely because of the poker aspect, and ended up loving the movie as a whole.       I have to address the people giving this movie 1 star. Wasn't the idea of this movie to show Bond's introduction into his 00 status as an agent? The plot was great in this movie at showing his transformation into the Bond we all know from the past. The love interest side of this movie at times was a little awkward, but it was designed to show that he becomes a ruthless secret agent after her little swim. I would much rather see this Bond than others that throw out cheesy one liners and have rocket launching leg casts, laser watches, fire proof tuxedos, and any of the other thousand rediculous gadgets that Bond had in any of the other movies. If you look at any movie with nothing but critical eyes, you will always spot things that you don't like or that dont make sense. But .....it's a movie.....the point is that it doesnt have to make sense. If the idea that a load of cash can't be fit into a briefcase bothers you about this movie, do any of the gadgets make logical sense? They are thrown in there to get a laugh in most cases, and this movie isn't about that at all. It's too good to have to get enjoyment from cheap laughs.        Just watch the movie. It is a really good film. The next one should be even better, and I can't wait !
B0000DZ3HM|5.0|There are a lot of reviews on this DVD. I will make it  short. This is a once in a lifetime event. The line-up  of artists is top notch. The documentation, execution,  the visual, audio is superb. If you don't own this one,  you must. It will bring tears of joy, god bless blue  note records for this DVD.
0345404475|5.0|Androids is my favorite sci-fi book of all time & is the inspiration for one of the best movies of all time, Blade Runner. The movie & book are very different. Androids deals with future competing religions, the extinction of all animal life & humanities' use of android pets, mood enhancing technologies & other aspects that Blade Runner does not even touch. However the \\"bad guy\\" Roy's character (played by Rutger Hower) is much more nuanced in the film; we genuinely empathize with this complex character, even while he is committing unspeakable acts. Finally, the cinematography & music of Bladerunner are unmatched.
0060974176|5.0|Lean production (now frequently called Lean manufacturing) has melded into several industries here in the United States, but back when this book was written, it was just catching on.  Many of the concepts are still worthwhile in this book, both for the historical significance as well as the lean ideas presented.<br /><br />The Machine that Changed the World is a fascinating book that teaches what the Japanese learned and how to apply their ideas to the US auto market.  Competition is always tough, but these tools provides a competitive advantage to those companies who embrace them and make them part of doing business. Not all ideas are applicable to every application, but there are plenty of diamonds to be farmed here.<br /><br />Well trained employees,  a commitment to excellence by everyone (from the janitor to the CEO),  teamwork, flexibility of skill sets, and  learning lessons from successes and failures are all important elements of lean manufacturing.  Setting up manufacturing lines efficiently, working closely with suppliers, line smoothing, encouraging innovative and cost saving suggestions and much more are also critical lean concepts.<br /><br />Lean manufacturing doesn't happen overnight and a company and its employees must be diligent in their efforts to put high quality products at reasonable prices out the door.<br /><br />The Machine that Changed the World is highly rated by many people and should be.  It has timeless ideas to produce higher quality products and recommends never being completely satisfied.  Well written and researched, this is a top notch book!<br /><br />[[ASIN:0595437087 The Re-Discovery of Common Sense: A Guide to: The Lost Art of Critical Thinking]]
0805079831|5.0|Klein's style is what makes this tome so precious to any reader who is tired of both the 'establishment source' corporate media and the dry cross-referencing assault of the previous generation (Perkins, Chomsky, Phillips, et al.).  Klein weaves a brilliant and cohesive narrative which pegs the precise points of evolution for both the theories on individual shock treatment and economic shock treatment, relating them in ways that no ordinary scholar can manage.  While relying on broadstroke imagery and anecdotal evidence, Klein creates a convincing picture without sacrificing credibility; virtually all of us know what she's writing about and those specific interviews and in-depth studies she conducted get right to the heart of her thesis without muddying the waters of logic or the 'aha' moments for a reader, which are triggered by her verbal cues related to well-known events of recent history.<br /><br />As for the conlusions, they are completely uncontroversial.  The laboratories of Chile, Uruguay, Argentina and post-Gorbachev Russia are complete humanitarian disasters with far-reaching consequences for all but the fortunate few who already had the capital to earn profits from their neo-liberal shock treatments.  And I was completely stunned by the Israeli section before Klein's conclusion; the piercing logic, backed by offical statements and a clear chronology, can confirm suspicions that Israel has morphed into a warhawk/security state under Sharon's Likud leadership, and that without intervention Palestine is doomed to perpetual imprisonment.  The only counter to Klein's argumentation is ideological - and she's done a fine job of indicting that ideology at every turn in this study.<br /><br />Not since Foucault's \\"Discipline and Punish\\" has there been a more important piece of writing relating the state's abuse of a body to the state's abuse of the body politic.  I was, in one word, flattened.  That sort of easy intellectaul display in composition is a rarity, especially in the age of modern anti-intellectualism, and completely non-existant in the sphere of economic theory (if you don't believe me read some of the dry nonsense these Chicago-school types write).  My only issue is her rosey portrayal of the Marshall Plan, but when set in contrast with the Bremer/Rumsfeld plan it looks rosey indeed.  Bet you thought you'd never have to look up from a book and say, \\"I bet those people wish they were post-war Nazis\\".<br /><br />On a personal note, I had to chuckle at the seething intellectual disdain she shows for Milton Friedman, a person whom I've been taught (having been raised in the age of Reagan) to revere.  This little Cannuck is Friedman's intellectual superior in every conceivable way, and she's not afraid to let it show.  Who cares if you believe in economic liberalism?  Read this book anyhow - it's engaging, humorous and entertaining.ge of modern anti-intellectualism, and completely non-existant in the sphere of economic theory (if you don't believe me read some of the dry nonsense these Chicago-school types write).  My only issue is her rosey portrayal of the Marshall Plan, but when set in contrast with the Bremer/Rumsfeld plan it looks rosey indeed.  Bet you thought you'd never have to look up from a book and say, \\"I bet those people wish they were post-war Nazis\\".    On a personal note, I had to chuckle at the seething intellectual disdain she shows for Milton Friedman, a person whom I've been taught (having been raised in the age of Reagan) to revere.  This little Cannuck is Friedman's intellectual superior in every conceivable way, and she's not afraid to let it show.  Who cares if you believe in economic liberalism?  Read this book anyhow - it's engaging, humorous and entertaining.
B000WMQGVI|5.0|Lean production (now frequently called Lean manufacturing) has melded into several industries here in the United States, but back when this book was written, it was just catching on.  I read the book in 2000.  Many of the concepts are still worthwhile in this book, both for the historical significance as well as the lean ideas presented.<br /><br />The Machine that Changed the World is a fascinating book that teaches what the Japanese learned and how to apply their ideas to the US auto market.  Competition is always tough, but these tools provides a competitive advantage to those companies who embrace them and make them part of doing business. Not all ideas are applicable to every application, but there are plenty of diamonds to be farmed here.<br /><br />Well trained employees,  a commitment to excellence by everyone (from the janitor to the CEO),  teamwork, flexibility of skill sets, and  learning lessons from successes and failures are all important elements of lean manufacturing.  Setting up manufacturing lines efficiently, working closely with suppliers, line smoothing, encouraging innovative and cost saving suggestions and much more are also critical lean concepts.<br /><br />Lean manufacturing doesn't happen overnight and a company and its employees must be diligent in their efforts to put high quality products at reasonable prices out the door.<br /><br />The Machine that Changed the World is highly rated by many people and should be.  It has timeless ideas to produce higher quality products and recommends never being completely satisfied.  Well written and researched, this is a top notch book!<br /><br />[[ASIN:0595437087 The Re-Discovery of Common Sense: A Guide to: The Lost Art of Critical Thinking]]
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|HI ! IM A GREAT FAN OF DONNA SINCE 1975,I OWN ALL HER RECORDS AND CDS,I BOUGHT ON CD NOW  15 DAYS AGO CRAYONS AND I LOVE EVERY SONG,THE ENTIRE CD,BUT THE RECORD COMPANY ISSUED HERE IN MEXICO THE SAME CD BUT WITH AN EXTRA TRACK  (13 ),SONG:  (ITS ONLY LOVE),THAT SONG ITS GREAT!!! ,I  REALLY DONT KNOW WHAT IS THE REASON THAT THEY DONT INCLUDE THAT ONE IN THE U.S.A CD,IF YOU CAN HEAR THAT SONG YOU PROBABLY LOVE IT.    THANKS DONNA,I WAITED.... 17 YEARS, BUT IT WORTH IT !
0805066691|5.0|Makes me ashamed of what my people did.  Why this book is not required reading for high school students is a tragic mystery.  An entire section of American history that needs to be understood by all citizens.
B000000WJZ|4.0|I love this CD! It only rated 4 stars because of \\"playability\\". You really can't listen to it over and over. Gotta take a break from it for a bit or the songs all start to sound the same.
B0002Y4TOM|5.0|I began purchasing Gilmore Girls for my daughter last year. I am a single mom and she and I have a relationship like the characters. I highly recommend this set to any single mom with a daughter.  It's GREAT!
B000X1R4S2|5.0|This book is somewhere over extraordinary.  King's characters are well developed and the reader almost develops a tangible bond with each of them.  Although this book is tremendously long, King gives enough action at the perfect times to keep the audience attentive.  However, even if he did not do so the writing alone would keep my intrigued.  I highly recommend this epic book, and is by far the best Stephen King book that I have ever read (of about 20).    P.S.  I will never eat fortune cookies again
B000GUJZ4G|3.0|just wonder about what happened to the original extra featurettes of this movie - that I saw in an italian version of the DVD I didn't like because the english audio version had useles italian subtitles on it. The movie is still the movie I enjoyed when I first saw it years ago!
0385335997|5.0|Okay, I'm going to keep this review brief.<br />This is after all the third book in this series and chances are if you've read the other two you'll probably read this one as well...<br /><br />I am so happy to have found this series, I love it.  I think it's great fun...well that is if you like to be kept hanging on the edge of your seat.  I love the characters and the history and the storytelling is great!<br /><br />Last night I was getting to the end of the book and feeling disappointed that it would be over until I remembered that there are three more books in the series! and more on the way!
B000I2J2X6|5.0|GREAT MOVIE FOR THE HARRY POTTER FANS.  GREAT BUY, ARRIVED QUICK WITHOUT A SCRATCH.
B000FC1LOC|5.0|I thought the book was absoultly amazing and I will look forward to reading another one of her books very soon.
B000W796OM|5.0|THE DVD IS GREAT.  IT ARRIVED QUICKLY WITHOUT A SCRATCH.  I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH PURCHASE.
0756404746|5.0|this was an excellent book. fast paced, likable characters, building intrigue and even some comedy. from the way the pace picked up as i read the first book i know that the second will be even better. i can't wait.
0743487591|5.0|It's amazing.  I love the plot, the characters, and the suspense of knowing that Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy should be together but their Pride and Prejudice and overall \\"first impressions\\" are keeping them apart.<br /><br />Also, the language is beautiful.
B0012QE4Q2|4.0|The King of England (Eric Bana) has had bad fortune - his wife has miscarried a male baby and left an absence where an heir should be.  With the need of succession, the King soon tires of his queen, and it becomes rumored that he may desire a mistress who can conceive a baby boy.  In walks royal sycophant Thomas Howard (David Morrissey), a power-hungry family tyrant who just happens to have two gorgeous, young nieces and ambitions of pseudo-royalty.<br /><br />In a matter of no time, Howard convinces Sir Thomas Boleyn (Mark Rylance) to pimp one of his daughters.  Together they choose the precocious Anne (Natalie Portman) to seduce the King, mainly because she's the daughter who is not married, during a stay at the Boleyn family home.  Their plan for Anne to whore herself in anticipation of royal favor, much like giving away livestock, soon fails as Anne leads a group of men - along with the King - on a hunt gone awry, producing an injured King and a family decision to let the other daughter Mary (Scarlett Johansson) nurse the monarch back to health.  With his pride and dormant libido revived by Mary, the King soon gives her a job at the castle; and along with the job for her husband, the way is paved for a marriage dissolved and an illegitimate child to be born.  Anne quickly feels slighted, and a sibling rivalry ensues.<br /><br />Subertfuge, betrayal, secrets, and a royal-political chess game on the grandest of stages soon leads to an intense story in which \\"the other Boleyn girl\\" soon becomes a phrase that defines this movie's struggle, where the difference between being revered and beheaded is only a single moment or decision away, and where sisters engage in a sibling version of Desperate Housewives proportions while destroying the country.<br /><br />A very dark, twisted storyline mixes perfectly with the bright, vibrant, incredible cinematography and costume design that vividly highlights the romantic flair and scenery during that period, as well as the battles often associated with the ascent to royal supremacy.  While this adaptation may have historical inaccuracies, the surprise twists to the well known ending and the pairing of two of Hollywood's most beautiful starlets makes a worthwhile, entertaining movie.h the ascent to royal supremacy.  While this adaptation may have historical inaccuracies, the surprise twists to the well known ending and the pairing of two of Hollywood's most beautiful starlets makes a worthwhile, entertaining movie.
0440238609|5.0|These books are well-written.  The action moves fast.  While they are supposedly children's books, they are definitely for mature children, and adults will find them very exciting.  Some people have religious issues with the books, but this was not a problem for me.
0140187537|5.0|I was strolling the bookshop at the Monterey Bay aquarium and saw that book that I hadn't read in many years.  I am recommending it, because as a seasoned adult I was able to get a whole different reading experience from it, this second time around!
B001AU8ZLK|2.0|If you must know one thing before you buy this album is it is a big letdown. One of the reasons I have always been a big Coldplay fan is that they have always been able to take simple beats and turn them into something unique.     From the highly infectious \\"Don't Panic\\", \\"Yellow\\", \\"Clocks\\", and \\"Talk\\"  they always have had a keen eye in turning what could be mundane chords into something special. And with each album it seemed there was aways a distinct purpose. \\"Parachutes\\" marked the building ground with its dark and melodic beats that would mellow you down before bringing you back up. \\"Rush of Blood to the Head\\" carried along these lines and is probably one of the best road trip albums I have ever heard. Even \\"X&Y\\" had more of a electronic inspired background, it still held together those simplistic, yet intoxicating rythms that I had come to love. In a market filed with over layered music, it was nice to hear an artist that took an almost minimalist approach.     All of these things that I love about Coldplay are absent in this CD. It seems as though the point of this album is to try and transcend what they are all about. The first clue is to look at the cover art. Where in previous albums the covers had been simplistic, this one shouts for attention. Then once you start to play you can tell that Coldplay has departed from all the likable things into a very busy, self indulgent band. The only tracks worth buying in my opinion are \\"Lost\\" and  \\"Lovers in Japan\\". All the rest remind of so many bands that try and create an epic album and fail.     In short if your looking for a very busy, non-simplistic, over-anxious, self-indulgent, album that seems to try and make and ode to itself, then this is the album for you. However if you are looking for that simple, methodical, mellow, and down right great Coldplay, then pop \\"Rush of Blood to the Head\\" and hope for a better showing in 3 years.
0786948523|2.0|The new edition of D&D is headed for some problems, in my opinion.  The Monster Manual is not the worst of the three core rulebooks - that honor goes to the Player's Handbook, without a doubt.  The MM and the Dungeon Master's Guide are duking it out for second place.      I rated this book at 2 stars, so there must be something good about it, right?  Well, yes.  Actually many of the individual monster entries have interesting features that could be mined for use in other games.  The art is mostly very good, and the monster stat blocks are clear and easy to read.  Unfortunately this book has the bad luck to be part of the 4th Edition rules, which are broken in many fundamental ways.      The goal with 4E was simplify, simplify, simplify.  Regrettably Wizards of the Coast seems to interpret \\"simplify\\" to mean \\"eliminate options for players and DMs,\\" and that shows here as it does throughout the new rules.  There's little or no cultural information given on most monsters.  In fact generally there is not even a physical description.  If the DM can't come up with a good one based on the art, he's out of luck.  Everything has been cut out except for combat abilities - because 4E has almost no support for anything that happens outside combat.    For most monsters, of course, combat information is all you absolutely need - the bare minimum.  However 4E takes this to extremes, and it is really glaring in the case of monsters that used to be oriented toward non-combat.  Subtlety is gone from the 4E Monster Manual. Mastermind and manipulator monsters are either gone or revised into combat opponents now.      A shining example is the succubus.  Those who remember earlier editions (or even basic mythology) will recall that the succubus was never really a combat monster.  She was a string-puller who worked behind the scenes.  A big part of an adventure involving a succubus used to be just figuring out who your opponent was, because her powers were all about deception, seduction,and temptation.  She controlled other NPCs and made life tough for the player characters from afar.  No longer.  The 4E succubus has few if any abilities that are useful outside combat.  Even her \\"charming kiss\\" (which used to be a charm monster effect in 3.5) now has one and only one effect: it causes her victim to step in front of an attack directed at the succubus and take the damage that was meant for her.  It has no non-combat uses at all, and can't even do any more than that in combat.  As for seduction and temptation, the 4E succubus is literally no better at that than a pretty barmaid.      This has happened to the succubus, the vampire, the lich, the mind flayer, all demons and devils, djinns, even those old schemers, the Drow.  A DM who wants to build an adventure around a devious mastermind who avoids combat will have to make it up himself - and at that point why pay for this book?      Also gone from the rules is any pretense at internal logic or verisimilitude.  Monster abiities often work by completely different rules than PC abilities.  For example an \\"encounter\\" power works only once per encounter for a PC, but many monster \\"encounter\\" powers can \\"recharge\\" on a successful die roll.  PCs don't get this ability.  Even if a monster happens to be of a PC race (such as an elf or dwarf) it still gets abiities that player characters do not get even with feats.  No explanation is given for these differences; the game simply treats monsters as collections of powers for PCs to fight, and their connection to the larger universe is never considered.      Players and DMs who like the World of Warcraft experience may not be bothered by this and similar rules issues in the game, but those who like an immersive experience that makes sense internally will likely find it jarring.    My advice is to skip 4th Edition.  Perhaps pick this book up second-hand, or download the PDF from a torrent site, and mine it for ideas for your 3.5 game, but save yourself some money.
0765356139|5.0|Brandon Sanderson has been called upon to finish Robert Jordan's master work for a reason, his world-building is innovative and compelling, his characters are well-fleshed and developed and his plotting is near flawless.  In this, the second of the Mistborn series (write faster!), the question of what happens when the dark-lord is vanquished is answered as the heroes of the first find themselves struggling to maintain control over the events they created.  And maybe they did not know as much as they thought...    Since this review is very early in the sequence of what will undoubtedly prove many favorably ones to come (or see hardcover edition), I'll avoid the spoilers, and again simply call on Mr. Sanderson to get us the next in the series as fast as possible -- my only caveat is that I want Memories of Light (the last WoT) book too.    I recommend this series without reservation, and suggest likeminded readers treat themselves to Sanderson's Elantris as well.
B00164DWEA|4.0|(Even though I'll try to be as spoiler alert as possible, chances are it might not be close enough, so consider this your warning. Also, my rating/review is solely based on the theatrical movie by itself, not a DVD release)<br /><br />So today I saw what many has stated to be the proper return of Marvel's The Incredible Hulk to theatres. But could it erase the bad memories of Ang Lee's 2003 over drawn-out film?<br /><br />It comes real close, but.....<br /><br />First off, this is definitely an improvement to the 2003 version. It's story is more to the point and more exciting. Ed Norton does a fantastic job as Bruce Banner. In fact to say his performance was based more on Bill Bixby's than anything else would be an understatement. And as the Ross' this time around, Hurt and Tyler do just fine replacing Elliott and Connelly, making you even think they're basically the same people. So cast here, with Tim Roth as the baddie in tow, isn't a problem.<br /><br />In fact, if you missed Lee's movie don't worry, an edited reworking of it (with the new actors of course) appears under the opening credits. But it pretty much starts off where Hulk 1 left off with Banner hiding out in Brazil while IM communicating with a scientist stateside concerning finding a cure. After a freak accident at his job at a soda-pop factory(?), he of course is found and let the Hulking begin! Along the way he returns stateside to find this doctor that he has been communicating with (his name is Samuel Sterns, does that ring a bell?) and an aging military man by the name of Blonsky who undergoes a similar process as Banner's, and becomes Hulk's only real competition, The Abomination. There, I think I said enough.<br /><br />Overall, I as a Hulk fan, enjoyed this movie. But did I freak-out over it? No. While this film is fan-boy's dream with cast, character, and quote cameos all over it, it's main appeal, The Hulk himself, still has one big flaw: He Looks Fake. No matter what advances in CGI we have done in the past fifteen years Hollywood still can't re-create the human form believable enough. During long-shots he looks decent, but on close-ups he doesn't even look like he's on the same screen. This was very distracting at first, and by the time the movie's flying a thousand times a second, you either get used to it or think you're watching just an expensive cartoon. I should state at this point that this film as a whole draws more from the actual comic books than anything else. At times in the beginning, the 70's TV show is a big inspiration, but towards the end all I could think of was \\"this really is like the comic book\\". If that was a good thing or not I'm not sure.<br /><br />In conclusion, The Incredible Hulk is a decent movie. It is better than the first film, but it won't be the next XMen or Spider-Man either. Put it a few notches above The Fantastic Four. I do feel it will be better on the small screen than the big one, and in maybe an extended version as well. Some might recall that Norton was very unhappy with the final cut of the film, and I can see why. It did look like scenes were missing (alot of them made the trailers, but not the movie?), and it's acting portion is what to me saved the flix in the first place. I saw it for free, glad I did see it, and will watch it again on disc, but suggest for you to wait for that third option. You'd probably like it even more than I did.<br />(RedSabbath Rating:7.0/10)ywood still can't re-create the human form believable enough. During long-shots he looks decent, but on close-ups he doesn't even look like he's on the same screen. This was very distracting at first, and by the time the movie's flying a thousand times a second, you either get used to it or think you're watching just an expensive cartoon. I should state at this point that this film as a whole draws more from the actual comic books than anything else. At times in the beginning, the 70's TV show is a big inspiration, but towards the end all I could think of was \\"this really is like the comic book\\". If that was a good thing or not I'm not sure.     In conclusion, The Incredible Hulk is a decent movie. It is better than the first film, but it won't be the next XMen or Spider-Man either. Put it a few notches above The Fantastic Four. I do feel it will be better on the small screen than the big one, and in maybe an extended version as well. Some might recall that Norton was very unhappy with the final cut of the film, and I can see why. It did look like scenes were missing (alot of them made the trailers, but not the movie?), and it's acting portion is what to me saved the flix in the first place. I saw it for free, glad I did see it, and will watch it again on disc, but suggest for you to wait for that third option. You'd probably like it even more than I did.  (RedSabbath Rating:7.0/10)
B001DTPZNY|3.0|2008's &quot;Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull&quot; resurrects everyone's favorite action archeologist for one final mission.  Harrison Ford reprises his role as Professor Henry &quot;Indiana&quot; Jones. Karen Allen returns as Miriam Ravenwood from &quot;Raiders of the Lost Ark&quot;.  Shia LeBeouf is an angry young man named Mutt who seeks out Indy's help in the case of a missing professor (a shaggy John Hurt in a nicely demented role).<br /><br />The movie opens in the Nevada desert of 1957.  A group of KGB thugs break into a government warehouse, with Indy dragged along at gunpoint to help them search for a mystery crate containing a crystal skull.  Indy will escape, right into the path of a nuclear bomb test...<br /><br />Indy next gets pulled into a search for Mutt's missing mother and Indy's old colleague Professor Oxley, who may have found a long-lost City of Gold somewhere in the Amazon jungles.  Mutt and Indy are off to Peru, an improbable partnership that leads to the missing city, the missing people, and the KGB, who have their own agenda...<br /><br />Harrison Ford plays Indy as an older and crustier version of his character.  It's nice to see Karen Allen back in the series, although she isn't given much to do.  There is some suggestion at the end of the movie that the Shia Lebeouf character is meant to pick the franchise.  The trouble is that the franchise has been passed by newer versions of itself, such as the &quot;National Treasure&quot; movies.  An even bigger trouble is that not a lot of effort went into the plot and characters of this movie, which depends too heavily on its special effects and not enough on the suspenseful plots and archeological puzzles that used to drive the earlier movies.<br /><br />Fans of the Indiana Jones movies may enjoy one last look at the characters; newcomers may wonder what all the fuss was about.
B000VWYJ86|4.0|\\"Ultimatum\\" is mostly a nonstop, slam-bang action movie with some eye-popping chases and a well-staged fight scene. This is both its strength and its weakness - it is fun to watch, but ultimately no more believable than a Wile E. Coyote cartoon. If you've seen the first two installments in the series, this final entry is well worth your while, and you might enjoy it even if you haven't seen the prior segments.
B0012GTZFC|5.0|What an amazing book. Infact this is far more than a book it is a guide to creating and building great teams. If you have ever wondered why some team building events don't work this is a must read book. My sincere thanks to the team who put this together.  This book will change the way Organisational Development/HR specialists and Performance Consultants go about their work. It is that influential. Like all the best material, simple to understand and powerful in the way it insightfully helps you to see things for what they are.    I have worked in organisational design/business performance and HR for over 20 years and this is one of the most imformative and best books I have ever read. It has reinforced my long held views about the need to understand the dynamics of what makes for a great team. If you also ever wondered why you felt automatically part of some teams and others almost rejected you before you even got started, then this is a 'must read' book.  I have become a raving fan and will enthusiatically introduce the concepts and methods, as I have the fortune and privalage, in my day to day work, to make a difference to the lives and work of the thousands of people I come into contact with.     Mark Pym  Director of Reward Matrix & Great Teams
B00164DWEA|1.0|It's a bad sign when you hear members of the audience groan! But its not hard to figure out why! This movie was marketed as appropriate for adult audiences, but if the filmmakers were honest they would have marketed The Incredible Hulk strictly as a child/young teen flick, instead.<br /><br />It's been a long time since I seen such a boring and tedious film! Even Iron Man with all its many flaws was better than this sorry story! And what's up with Edward Norton? His acting was so bad it felt like he was reading off of a teleprompter! It was incredibly distracting.  Was he drugged, or something? - One things for certain: Bill Bixby, he ain't!<br /><br />I also got a laugh out of Hollywood thinking an American audience is so dumb about world geography they would believe the teeming slums of some major city in Brazil is next to the Guatemalan/Mexican border! - Let's say you are in Northern Brazil. To make it to the Guatemalan/Mexican border you have to go through either Venezuela, Columbia or both! Then you must cross through Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua and then Honduras.  Quite a distance! But the Incredible Hulk, who has neither wings, nor magic, nor teleporting abilities or a private jet,  makes it all the way to the Guatemalan/Mexican border in less than a night!<br /><br />Memo to Hollywood: I know you're going for the quick buck after losing so much money during the Writer's Strike! There have been so many awful movies this past Spring (2008) that I'm getting worn out! But I'm an optimistic person. Could you please, please, make your next Comic Book related film as brilliant as Spiderman #3, X-Men #2, the last Superman film or as good as any of the six Star Wars films? Is that asking too much? There are adults who like a good story just as much as you (Hollywood) like to make a ton of money!<br /><br />[[ASIN:1931397155 Trail Guide To World Geography (Geography Matters)]], and [[ASIN:174104443X South America (Shoestring)]], and[[ASIN:0195121872 The Slum (Library of Latin America)]], and [[ASIN:1843532883 The Rough Guide to Central America 3 (Rough Guide Travel Guides)]]ASIN:1843532883 The Rough Guide to Central America 3 (Rough Guide Travel Guides)]]
B000UVT3OI|5.0|Garth is the guy who brought pop country music to the masses in America and also in the outside world in a way no other singer has made before. The simplicity and the beauty of his songs are compelling to the most. Hard to resist. A reference. Period.<br /><br />The success of \\"The Ultimate Hits\\" is a proof that Garth, even when he's out of scene, never loses momentum. Every one of his previous studio and live albums are multi-million sales records, and even this one, which is just a compilation of his previous songs (with three new ones, in fact) follows the same multi-million sales track. Yes! You got it! Three songs made a lot of people buy again what they probably already had. New fans, like me, had a real grasp on what Garth is all about and I am looking for more.<br /><br />The \\"Ultimate Hits\\" does not carry the word \\"ultimate\\" without a reason. It is also \\"The Ultimate Package\\" because it is a bundle with 2 CDs and 1 amazing DVD (containing both music videos and live performances of all the songs on the CDs) for the price of one CD. A value for the money that you just don't find anywhere. So that's no questions: Garth hits the Target again. Well Done!
B0018AK9RA|1.0|I was excited to get the new Judas Priest album NOSTRADAMUS, as it coincided with a road trip a group of friends was planning. The open road, friends and some great new music from a band we all enjoyed. A can't miss formula for good times right?     This CD was perilously close to being chucked out the window twenty miles down the road. How could the band that wrote the triumphant \\"Heading Out to the Highway\\" screw up a soundtrack to a summer roadtrip? To put it succinctly:     1. The Concept. Nostradamus was an interesting historical figure, no question. Does that justify a concept album clocking in at a turgid 100 minutes? Debatable. Does the average Judas Priest fan care at all about the man? Doubtful.     2. The Music. Slow, dirge-like passages that go on for entirely too long and never seem to *get* anywhere. The first disc is not salvageable. There are two or three songs out of twenty three that are somewhat interesting, but only because everything around them is just so tepid. Judas Priest should NEVER make anyone sleepy, and they do a good job of that here.     3. The Production and Performances. The CD is washed out in orchestration and synths. The guitars are mixed weakly, while Halford turns in an earnest but dull vocal performance, hampered by bad lyrics. His voice is \\"showing\\" wear and it's evident in the studio now. Ian Hill is M.I.A. here and Scott Travis is just cashing a check. His drumming talents are put to waste, as he works on material most session players could handle with a yawn.     This whole endeavor feels like something a European power metal band would take on, and probably do better as this vein of concept music fits their style better. Judas Priest built their legacy on lean and mean guitar riffs, stripped down production and fun lyrics that were at turns filled with sci-fi imagery, sexual innuendo, and just plain fun times living the rock lifestyle. NOSTRADAMUS brings us a band that is too self-aware of their own place in the metal pantheon, and trying entirely too hard to deliver the EPIC they think they need to put out to blow everyone away.
B00164DWEA|5.0|Watch out, because when Bruce turns into that giant green creature called Hulk, no one can stop him.<br /><br />This is just another MARVELLOUS (get it?) movie that, together with Ironman, could be the one of the greatest action movies of 2008 in every sense. Incredible scenes, very well produced. Basically, the story is about a guy (Bruce, played by Edward Norton) who have suffered a kind of genetic mutation due to a frustrated experience with gamma radiation and is striving to keep himself away from being angry, otherwise he can turn into a diabolic monster who crashes everything and everyone on his way, except his longtime lover (Betsy, played by Liv Tyler).<br /><br />The end of the movie strongly suggests that there will be a sequel soon to be seen, possibly for the next year. Let's wait and see.
0767020308|5.0|I love Jane Austen!  EMMA is a wonderful movie.  Please read the book and see the movie....it's great to see the characters come to life.    I prefer the full screen to the wide screen versions though.
B000RRDC4C|5.0|The basic story is that Colonel Kurtz (Marlon Brando), who was sent to Vietnam (60's era) to correct a problem, now sees the problem differently and has exceeded his authority in the correction. Therefore Captain Benjamin L. Willard (Martin Sheen) is dispatched to dispatch the colonel. In this Joseph Campbell (&#34;The Hero with a Thousand Faces&#34;) type adventure, he meets with many situations that help him grow and understand the problem that Colonel Kurtz faced. Will he complete his mission or succumb to the came forces as the colonel in the heart of darkness?<br /><br />The Redux version should have been the version to begin with as it explains why certain things appear out of nowhere and why the people have such attitudes towards each other. There was no fluff to cut out as it is the crucial ideas behind the whole story that was cut out. The Redux version replaces much of the mystery with purpose and is intriguing itself as the story or mission progresses.<br /><br />I purchased both versions and must say it is worth the price. I only hope I do not find a third version with a missing hour.<br /><br />This is basically an updated version of Joseph Conrad's book &#34;Heart of Darkness&#34; with a lot Francis Ford Coppola thrown in. The location is Viet Nam, instead of Africa, and as with any update; they thought it would be more relevant than trying to explain the Congo. Toss in some songs from the 60's era (&#34;The Best of the Doors&#34;- `The End'), and some classics (Wagner - &#34;Die Walkure: Ride of the Valkyries&#34;), and you have a movie. Too bad it is not that easy.<br /><br />I would not worry too much whether this looks like Vietnam or if certain events really take place, as that is not the point of the picture or the intent of the story telling. The feel of the book was conveyed. And I would not worry if it does not match the book story word for word as this is a different media. If you come away with the question &#34;what would I do if it were me?&#34; it worked.<br /><br />Not to distract from the movie review, however I was in Viet Nam (1967-1968) in an armed reconnaissance organization. And the Vietnam I was in did not have the surrealistic scenes. We did get to see Bob Hope and Martha Ray &#34;The Big Broadcast of 1938&#34; (1938). Before that I always thought it was a bunch of hype. However it did make a difference having them take the time to go there. So I could see something as weird as the bunny scene happening.<br /><br />Besides the movie there are the Scenes of the destruction of the Kurtz compound set. They were required to clean up after the movie was made. Coppola says that these scenes were removed from the end of the movie so people did not think that it was part of the story. However I saw this on TV and they left the scenes in and I did think it was part of the story.<br /><br />Another movie interpretation of, &#34;Heart of Darkness&#34; was made later. Not quite as moving as Apocalypse Now, but you should see it to compare to the original, &#34;Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death &#34;(1988). Adrienne Barbeau is Dr. Kurtz.ract from the movie review, however I was in Viet Nam (1967-1968) in an armed reconnaissance organization. And the Vietnam I was in did not have the surrealistic scenes. We did get to see Bob Hope and Martha Ray \\"The Big Broadcast of 1938\\" (1938). Before that I always thought it was a bunch of hype. However it did make a difference having them take the time to go there. So I could see something as weird as the bunny scene happening.<br /><br />Besides the movie there are the Scenes of the destruction of the Kurtz compound set. They were required to clean up after the movie was made. Coppola says that these scenes were removed from the end of the movie so people did not think that it was part of the story. However I saw this on TV and they left the scenes in and I did think it was part of the story.<br /><br />Another movie interpretation of, \\"Heart of Darkness\\" was made later. Not quite as moving as Apocalypse Now, but you should see it to compare to the original, \\"Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death \\"(1988). Adrienne Barbeau is Dr. Kurtz.
0800141660|5.0|Again, the movie brought the characters to life.  Please read the book, wonderful introduction to the movie.    Emma Thompson, as always, gave a great performance.
B000RPTQ1C|2.0|This was a mistake.  It's obvious that the album contains a lot of input from those outside the band.  There is entirely too much modification and divergence from the classic sound of the band of earlier years.  I immediately heard U2 similarities, and that is perhaps the biggest dissapointment; I hate U2.  Frankly I can't stand the whining overly mixed sounds that are contained in this album and will be passing it on to someone else shortly without looking back.    I'm sure it will reach great acclaim as the mainstream and blind followers think they've found musical utopia, but for those of us looking for good music and not studio magic, will have to look elsewhere.
B0002W4SWC|5.0|Love Bridget Jones - I have purchased 2 DVDs (just in case one is \\"damaged\\" from overuse.      My only disappointment is that I would have liked the full screen version and when I went to order it you no longer had it in stock.    Perhaps you'll restock?
630471193X|4.0|When i bought this movie, I really did not know what to expect.  I had been told it was a good movie, and that is all i had to go on.  In the simplest terms, it is a great movie, although just shy of the five out of five mark.  I consider this one of John Travolta's best performances.  There was enough humour to keep me satisfied but it did not draw away from the drama of the movie.  I urge you to watch this movie... you want regret it.
006135323X|1.0|If you are just a little smarter than average Joe, go find something else. In fact, haven't you seen the guy's self-interview ? What !!! Duke University my d****
1843106698|5.0|The Complete Guide to Asperger's Syndrome is a must to strengthen your strategies as well as your knowledge on any kinds of specific symptoms on Asperger Syndrome. Also, Dr. Attwood explains other related and/or complicated syndromes. Although this book has so many pages, it is quite easy to read and includes no complicated structure. It is reader-friendly, if you ask me! If you find it quite tough to read it all through, you might as well pick up your favorite chapters. And it's going to lighten the loads of your mind and deepen your understanding on your AS traits.<br /> After all, this book provides a lot of solutions to tackle their problems not only for Aspies but teachers, parents, friends, siblings, colleagues, and bosses who deal with AS people and those who are likely to have AS. And this will minimize their shortcomings on AS, worse or worst situations, and their stresses. It is Aspies who suffer their symptoms most!<br /> If possible, I could give more than 6 stars to this wonderful book Tony Attwood wrote!
B0018CMJPS|5.0|This movie is a visual orgasm. It's alive with color, wondrous places, enticing costumes and a wonderful story line. A caution to the easily discomforted though- this movie is powerful. That is what makes it great in my opinion, though. It draws laughs and tears and fear and anger at different times. The ending is what makes the movie. If you see this movie, see it all the way through.
B001AU8ZLK|2.0|I hate to say this because i love this band,but this album just is not very good. I listened to this a few times and then found myself listening to their previous stuff just to feel better. The songs that save this album are lovers in japan, viva la vida and violet hill the rest is just forgetable. Down load those sounds and you will be alright.
B000O178BY|5.0|Being a huge Nine Inch Nails fan for so long, i have come to love every album and every song. When i first picked up Year Zero ill admit it didnt catch me at first like every other one had, but after a few listens i was blown away. This album has the perfect balance for all the electronic you could want along with the rock and guitars needed to satisfy any rock fan. The concept alone is great itself. Best songs: Me Im Not, God Given, Meet Your Master, The Greater Good, and In This Twilight.
B000929AJQ|5.0|[WITH_TEETH] is probably (gasp) my second favorite album by Nine Inch Nails. Yeah its a departure, but change is good. I can listen to this album front and back. How rare is that to find in an album today? The drums and bass on this album are amazing, very catchy album, maybe not his best, but definitely a 5 star album
B00003CXAA|4.0|[[ASIN:B00003CXAA The Godfather DVD Collection (The Godfather/ The Godfather - Part II/ The Godfather - Part III)]]  once a classic always a classic
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|A RUSH OF BLOOD TO THE HEAD is without question one of the best albums of this decade. PARACHUTES was also quite good. Coldplay made 2 great albums and that's why they sold a lot of CD's, picked up a few Grammy's and developed a huge following. X&Y was a big seller with a following huge tour but mostly on the strength of Coldplay's history more so than X&Y which was a bland album. Despite huge sales Coldplay knew this and decided to change their dirction a bit. Brain Eno is the go-to guy for that. Producer of U2's gear shifts THE UNFORGETTABLE FIRE and ACHTUNG BABY Eno knew what to do. Use guitars sparingly but powerfully, violins become a primary tool along with all types of keyboards, songs go in one direction then zig-zag in another. Nobody will confuse Coldplay's lyrical content with THE JOSHUA TREE but Eno's touch elevates the Coldplay sound to that level. Eno may have drawn the blueprint but Coldplay had to carry out the plan and they do so very well. VIVA LA VIDA is a unique piece of music. The album is bigger than Coldplay. Whether you like Coldplay or not doesn't matter. VIVA LA VIDA is the band name here. These songs dazzle. It's hard to write a review of each song - they keep growing with every listen. I'll say this, VIVA LA VIDA is one heckuva tune...arena rock without a guitar and limited drums - now thats unique! This is not an MP3 album, it must be listened to in sequence. LOST! is stunning. LOVERS IN JAPAN, STRAWBERRY SWING, VIOLET HILL, each song becomes an epic single the more you listen to it. You can't know how much you like the song on one listen. At least I couldn't. These tunes are so off-the-wall, several listens bring it home. It will be interesting to see if Coldplay can bring this unique sound to the rock arena. U2 did that well. If Coldplay can pull it off in concert they are likely elevated to superband status. At any rate, VIVA is stunning, unique and a perfect musical journey.
0385333846|5.0|I have sat here for some time now pondering on what exactly to write, but with so many other reviews, which are excellent, I am left a bit uncreative. Let's just say this is a great book. SL5 was recommended to me in a lit class I took last semester, and I picked it up a few weeks ago and devoured it the next day. It was one of those books that was so original, meaningful, and funny (in a dark humorous way), that I could not put it down. I even left a spaghetti stain on a page because I was reading while eating.<br /><br />Anyway, all these reviews say so much about the book, that all I have to say is I agree with all the other good reviews. This is a great book, and it is hard not to like it. Check it out, I think you will be pleasantly surprised!
0452289963|5.0|First, I really recommend you start by reading Eckhart's previous book, The Power of Now, first. A lot of ideas glossed over in A New Earth were fully explained back in The Power of Now. This makes sense to me. You don't want Eckhart to write two books with the exact same content. It's like reading Harry Potter #2. You assume you know the relationships of people, their fears and goals and go from there.<br /><br />You have to start out by separating the message from the messenger. Yes, Eckhart can be a bit pompous at times. Yes, he can blatantly state things like \\"this book is for spiritually awakened people - like those who read my previous book!\\" :) He talks about the pain-body as if it's an alien living in your stomach, ready to poke its head out. He talks about all corporations everywhere being evil, being all about profit. I know many corporations which do have very great aims. A corporation is just a legal structure. It depends on who runs it, as to what they are about. Heck, some of my friends have incorporated their small businesses to protect their homes. They're not about profit at all, they are very charity minded.<br /><br />Eckhart has many factual errors. He perpetuates the extreme notion of 5 million women slain in a period of 300 years. Yes, I'm female and I abhor some things the church has done to women, but this 5 million slain number is just not reality. It makes people doubt the actual problems which did happen. He claims that the average 60 year old has watched 15 years of TV. This means the average person watches 6 hours of TV a day - EVERY single day - for their entire life from birth. It's scary enough that kids under age 18 average 3 1/2 hrs a day, and adults a bit more, but NOBODY (male or female adults included) averages 6 hours a day. When you know the first 18 years are 3.5 hrs, Eckhart's number is simply not true. Related to this, he seems convinced that men are responsible for all negative history events and that if women ran things we would be a land of peace and joy and plenty. I find both views to be a bit extreme.<br /><br />Eckhart talks about few animals being killed in the Tsunami, but again, he's perpetuating a rumor. As the deputy managing editor of Science scoffs, \\"I have heard rumors that none of the animals were killed, but how do they know that? Did they take a census?\\" It's just that we KNOW when people are missing - but we rarely know (or worry about) wild animals missing after something like this. Yes, animals might hear the subsonic noises and be nervous - but to say animals weren't killed makes no sense. I'm sure even if a lot of animals \\"sensed something wrong\\" that they would be incapable of moving far enough inland to escape the torrential flooding. Or maybe Eckhart only worries about large, identifiable animals like elephants ...<br /><br />My biggest issue with both of these books is that Eckhart is trumpeting a message of despair. He talks about how our whole world is mad, how we are surrounded by crazies, and that we better rise up against them and claim our minds or we're all going to go insane. It gets a bit much. He talks about the madness accelerating, when really if you look at history things are MUCH calmer now than pretty much any time. People actually try to talk out issues now. Yes we have a few wars - but look back to when EVERYTHING was settled by war. We are making huge progress. But that wouldn't sell books.<br /><br />So that all being said, I do want to say this book has MANY good points, if you take it all with a critical, open eye. He talks about how Buddhism seeks to make us aware of the troubles in daily life and how we must learn to accept the way life is. He says that sin in the original language of the Bible was not \\"evil\\", it was about \\"missing the mark\\". People were being advised to learn from their mistakes and correct their path as they went.<br /><br />He warns that all possessions fade over time, just as beauty and strength does. Taking pride in these things is setting yourself up to feel sadness when they are no longer there. It is better to be content inwardly, rather than based on external objects. He includes branded name objects in this category, and groups.<br /><br />He points out that your internal frame of mind shapes how you view the world. \\"Complaining is one of the ego's favorite strategies for strengthening itself,\\" he warns.  It's about making you feel better by putting down someone else. He elaborates later - \\"Complaining is not to be confused with informing someone of a mistake or deficiency so that it can be put right. And to refrain from complaining doesn't necessarily mean putting up with bad quality or behavior.\\" So it is about standing up for yourself, certainly, but not by abusing others.<br /><br />He talks about how some people feel they can't be happy until something in their current life changes (I get a new house, I get a new job). He says other people feel they can never be happy because of something in their past (maybe the DISTANT past). He says both sets of people are mistaken. You can choose to be happy NOW. Not that you resign yourself to your situation necessarily - you can strive to better your life. But you can accept that you are where you are, that you will find serenity where you are while you work to improve things.<br /><br />He says that every moment we're in we should either be thinking of acceptance, enjoyment or enthusiasm. If we really don't want to be changing a flat tire in the rain, simply accept it, do it as best you can, and move on. Being stressed and angry isn't going to make the tire change more quickly, and will add stress hormones and bad health to your list of problems.<br /><br />I definitely think the key messages of this book are important. If Eckhart is phrasing them in a way which most people \\"get\\" - even though there are numerous other books on this same topic with this same message - then more power to him. It goes to show that people react differently to phrasing and that a writing style that makes sense to one person does not to another. Sure, a lot of this book is Buddhism - but I'm sure many of these readers have never been in a Buddhist temple and would not have gone to talk with a Buddhist monk.  A lot of these concepts are basic psychology, but a person who doesn't read psychology tomes would never know that. Eckhart has made the information palatable to a large group of people. That's a well done task. My complaints are just that he didn't need some of this \\"incorrect junk\\" in here - and that his book would have been that much better if it left those things out.n these things is setting yourself up to feel sadness when they are no longer there. It is better to be content inwardly, rather than based on external objects. He includes branded name objects in this category, and groups.<br /><br />He points out that your internal frame of mind shapes how you view the world. \\"Complaining is one of the ego's favorite strategies for strengthening itself,\\" he warns.  It's about making you feel better by putting down someone else. He elaborates later - \\"Complaining is not to be confused with informing someone of a mistake or deficiency so that it can be put right. And to refrain from complaining doesn't necessarily mean putting up with bad quality or behavior.\\" So it is about standing up for yourself, certainly, but not by abusing others.<br /><br />He talks about how some people feel they can't be happy until something in their current life changes (I get a new house, I get a new job). He says other people feel they can never be happy because of something in their past (maybe the DISTANT past). He says both sets of people are mistaken. You can choose to be happy NOW. Not that you resign yourself to your situation necessarily - you can strive to better your life. But you can accept that you are where you are, that you will find serenity where you are while you work to improve things.<br /><br />He says that every moment we're in we should either be thinking of acceptance, enjoyment or enthusiasm. If we really don't want to be changing a flat tire in the rain, simply accept it, do it as best you can, and move on. Being stressed and angry isn't going to make the tire change more quickly, and will add stress hormones and bad health to your list of problems.<br /><br />I definitely think the key messages of this book are important. If Eckhart is phrasing them in a way which most people \\"get\\" - even though there are numerous other books on this same topic with this same message - then more power to him. It goes to show that people react differently to phrasing and that a writing style that makes sense to one person does not to another. Sure, a lot of this book is Buddhism - but I'm sure many of these readers have never been in a Buddhist temple and would not have gone to talk with a Buddhist monk.  A lot of these concepts are basic psychology, but a person who doesn't read psychology tomes would never know that. Eckhart has made the information palatable to a large group of people. That's a well done task. My complaints are just that he didn't need some of this \\"incorrect junk\\" in here - and that his book would have been that much better if it left those things out.
B0019CSXAM|5.0|I've read a sampling of reviews for Season 3, most stating that 3 isn't as strong as Season 2; I heartily disagree.  Season 2 felt disjointed, like filler to me (though of course I still loved it!), but Season 3 keeps the story moving forward.  I like that the characters are maturing, unlike the Friends characters who irritated me acting early 20's well into their 30's.  There's a natural progression here, that includes some sentiment and drama in addition to the comedy.  I simply love this show~ BRAVO to the entire team that creates and excecutes it.
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|Love all of the NCIS'.  Mark Harmon is the best.  I think they did a wonderful job casting for these parts.
B00003CXPD|5.0|I was a ballet and dance performer in high school when this film first came out, and it struck me as one of the most genuine movies since.<br /><br />Billy Elliot (Jamie Bell) is part of a family that, without a mother, flows with strong masculine influence; he takes boxing lessons regularly by his fathers influence, but young Billy seems to be unable to connect with the sport.  Once he discovers the ballet class of a schoolmate, he begins to practice with them, awakening a passion inside of him that would guide him through trial and tribulation before he can share this joy with the world around him.<br /><br />This film is honest in several key areas.  When I was in school, it was expected of me to play football or wrestling, as opposed to ballet in dance.  My typical rebuttal would be that it is better to spend evenings around girls in tights then on football fields grabbing other men.  For me it was a sense of humor that allowed me to consider my passion \\"normal,\\" but young Elliot cannot define his passion, even by the end of the film.<br /><br />When asked at the conclusion of his audition for the Royal Ballet School, \\"what does it feel like, when you're dancing?\\" He responds \\"I don't know.\\" Sensing the dissatisfaction of the panel which will determine if he can enter the school, he tries to define it as best he can.  Speaking from experience, there are some passions that are simply so truely and deply a part of you that you cannot simply \\"justify\\" them with words, they are simply a part of you.<br /><br />This film is true and honest to that passion; for ballet enthusiasts, you'll immediately understand the \\"political\\" development around what is \\"normal\\" for a young ballet performer.  As a non-influenced audiencemember, you're bound to appreciate every conflict, frustration, denial and accomplishment that is so masterfully displayed on screen.  Filled with scenes that will bring any family audience closer together, this film is truly as honest and heartfelt as they come.
B000M343BM|5.0|My DVD arrived very quickly. The packaging was in excellent condition. Then DVD itself was in excellent condition too.  Great service all around.
0060594896|5.0|[[VIDEOID:21990111]]This video outlines why I love this book - and the particular ideas and excerpts that have made a difference to me. A definite addition to any self-development library!
B0013527I4|5.0|As usual for the Muppet Shows, these are excellent programs for family viewing. DVDs good quality.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have done alot of workout videos, each averaging right around an hour. However, I just don't consistently have an hour of time each day. This video seems to give me the same quality of workout that the hour workouts do, but in only 20 minutes. My friends have also noted a difference in my muscle tone since starting this workout. Just keep in mind that the amount of effort you need to put forward is 3x that of an hour workout, so expect to be tired, but not sore.
B0018AK9RA|3.0|Judas Priest is back!<br /><br />Well, with that over with, now that they're back (their 2nd album since reuniting with Metal God Rob Halford), what are they doing?<br /><br />What they're doing is exactly what KISS did in the Fall of 1981 - they're dividing their fans into two groups thanks to a new Concept Album.  For KISS it nearly killed their career.  What will Nostradamus do for Judas Priest this late in their career?<br /><br />Well, let's discuss the album first.  Disc 1 is largely unlistenable.  Sure, there are some strong points here and there, but not much that resembles the style that Judas Priest has been known for over the last 30+ years.  There's a lot of synthisizers and synth strings (or are those real strings?), and dark, mellow interludes in between almost all of the \\"real\\" songs.  This is not a disc to put in for a long drive.  Or a short one, for that matter.<br /><br />Disc 2 is better, but still suffers from the same problems as disc 1.  The upside of this disc is that there are some real songs here, and it begins to resembe JUDAS PRIEST in more spots.  In fact, there are a few tracks that sound downright Sad Wings of Destiny-esque.  If disc 1 had been as good as disc 2 there would be a lot less 1 star reviews here.  There would still be some, but a lot less than there are now.  Even so, disc 2 is still not a good candidate to pop in the CD player while driving.<br /><br />Nostradamus is the type of album that went over well in the 70's - put on the album, put on your headphones, break out the lyric sheet and credits and listen intently for an hour or so.  It's ambitious, it's theatrical, and it is very deep.  There are more than a few Pink Floyd type moments here, and that's pretty shocking coming from Judas Priest.<br /><br />Unfortunately, there is not a lot of memorable material on the album - the riffs just aren't there (not like a Judas Priest album should have, anyway), and the strong vocal hooks are few and far between.  There is some substance to be had, but not enough to make up for all the failings of this set.<br /><br />Maybe if they had taken the best 12 SONGS and released that as the new album it would have worked better.  I'm sure it would have, but unfortunately what we're left with is an overblown concept album that just doesn't work they way they seem to have intended.<br /><br />If you are a Judas Priest fanatic, then by all means - pick this one up!  There are some songs here that are pretty good.  If you're one of those fans who skips an album here or there because it just isn't up to the usual standards then this might be a good one to pass on.<br /><br />The Elder has been dividing KISS fans for over 26 years.  Nostradamus seems to have done that in 26 hours!  It's not all bad, but it isn't the album that most of Judas Priest's fans wanted.<br /><br />The big question is this...  With The Elder everyone knew KISS would be back (and they came roaring back with Creatures of the Night), but at this late stage of Priest's career it's a little less certain that THEY will come roaring back with a killer album (or any more new albums).  Let's hope they can.p for all the failings of this set.    Maybe if they had taken the best 12 SONGS and released that as the new album it would have worked better.  I'm sure it would have, but unfortunately what we're left with is an overblown concept album that just doesn't work they way they seem to have intended.    If you are a Judas Priest fanatic, then by all means - pick this one up!  There are some songs here that are pretty good.  If you're one of those fans who skips an album here or there because it just isn't up to the usual standards then this might be a good one to pass on.    The Elder has been dividing KISS fans for over 26 years.  Nostradamus seems to have done that in 26 hours!  It's not all bad, but it isn't the album that most of Judas Priest's fans wanted.    The big question is this...  With The Elder everyone knew KISS would be back (and they came roaring back with Creatures of the Night), but at this late stage of Priest's career it's a little less certain that THEY will come roaring back with a killer album (or any more new albums).  Let's hope they can.
0783244320|4.0|The item was advertised to have some scratches on it but it's appearance was perfect and I enjoy each performance.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Jillian Michaels' 30 Day Shred is by far the best video workout I have ever done. Be prepared! It is tough. The just over 20 minute workout is perfect for those with busy schedules. You can strength train your whole body plus get in your cardio in just that amount of time. I was quite fit before I started the program. However, after 5 1/2 weeks, I dropped my body fat percentage by 3.5 points. That included a muscle gain of 6 lbs and fat loss of 3 lbs. This occured with absolutely no change in my diet! I have never had a workout that produced those results in such a short period of time. I bought the dvd for my sister-in-law. She loves it too!
1594481717|5.0|Teachers, business owners, corporate bosses will ruminate about Dan Pink's book for years to come. As a high school English teacher, I was thrilled to find teaching ideas and useful websites to use in the classroom. Pink tells us to think in a whole new way--in a right-brain way. He explains how we have been functioning in a left-brain, high tech, information age and now it's time to find ways to be comfortable and productive with all that information. By emphasizing, design, play, meaning, empathy, story, symphony--Pink's so-called six senses--we can have professional and personal happiness and success. For instance, in Pink's chapter about design, he explains that design is a way of creating solutions and that each of us employs it each day. In order to enjoy  home or work, give it something it didn't know it was lacking--a new color a rearrangement. I have done this in the classroom by creating a seascape and and soothing colors. Pink concludes that good design brings us pleasure. Reading Dan Pink's book will do the same.
0805047905|5.0|as part of the bedtime routine for my now 18 mo old boy. Of course, I am able to recite it by rote after oh, about 10,000 times. I don't even have to pay attention any more, as he knows where to turn the pages. Why do I keep doing this night after night? Because every time I ask him if he's ready for his story, he giggles with delight and runs to get Brown Bear, and Goodnight Moon, the other book of our nightly ritual. Brown Bear always comes first, Goodnight Moon always comes last. In between, we vary it with others, like Polar Bear, Polar Bear, What Do You Hear; Quick as a Cricket; Are You My Mother; The Very Hungry Caterpillar; Thomas the Tank Engine; etc. I love Brown Bear for making that sweet little boy express such delight at reading it.
B0000027F8|5.0|This is an amazing CD! From start to finish it echoes the depth and wonder within George Michael's soul. He is an amazing singer. The beginning starts out wonderful with praying for time and then it leads into a heart felt emotional roller coater. The CD to me can chronicle beautifully the beginning and demise of a relationship and the feelings and emotions that come from such an event. It is really sad that Volume II was never released.....Oh well maybe one day.  Buy and listen to this CD you will not be disappointed- An utter masterpiece.
0694003611|5.0|as part of the bedtime routine for my now 18 mo old boy. Of course, I am able to recite it by rote after oh, about 10,000 times. I don't even have to pay attention any more, as he knows where to turn the pages. Why do I keep doing this night after night? Because every time I ask him if he's ready for his story, he giggles with delight and runs to get Goodnight Moon, and  Brown Bear, the other book of our nightly ritual. Brown Bear always comes first, Goodnight Moon always comes last. In between, we vary it with others, like Polar Bear, Polar Bear, What Do You Hear; Quick as a Cricket; Are You My Mother; The Very Hungry Caterpillar; Thomas the Tank Engine; etc. I love Goodnight Moon for making that sweet little boy express such delight at reading it.
B00005R62K|5.0|English Metal Gods Judas Priest's fourth album Stained Class was released in February of 1978.<br />Following the Sin After Sin tour in 1977 (which saw the band open in the US for everyone from REO Speedwagon to Foghat to Led Zeppelin), lead singer Rob Halford, guitarists Glenn Tipton and KK Downing and bass player Ian Hill had recruited drummer Les Binks and went into the studio with producer Dennis Mackay to record the fourth album. When I first heard this album on CD in 1995, I knew I was in for a treat.<br />We open with the speed metal classic \\"Exciter\\" which is still a great song 30 years later. Next is the mid-paced rocker \\"White Heat, Red Hot\\" which just rocks. Next is \\"Better By You Better Than Me\\" which is a cover of an old Spooky Tooth track. The track was the only track on the album not produced by Dennis Mackay but with James Guthrie (who would gain fame with his work with Pink Floyd as of 1979's The Wall and Queensryche). Like what Zeppelin did with Jake Holmes' \\"Dazed and Confused\\" almost ten years earlier, Priest made this track their own. Next is the title cut which is another great Priest track and Halford's singing just rocks here. The first half closed with the rocker \\"Invader\\" which is about a UFO sighting and alien invasion.<br />We begin the second half of the album with a great piece called \\"Saints in Hell\\". Next is \\"Savage\\" which starts out with some unearthly screams from Halford not heard before nor since on a Priest studio album afterward as Halford hit that high A note. After the unearthly beginning, it is a great shuffling hard rocker that just burns. Next is the album's most famous track \\"Beyond the Realms of Death\\" (another track Priest hold in high regard 30 years on). This track is Priest's \\"Stairway to Heaven\\" and its riff was written by drummer Binks. Halford's lyrics are superb. Also, his singing on the verses and screaming on choruses is a classic example of what the British called \\"light and shade\\". We close the album with the Tipton penned \\"Heroes End\\". This great rocker tells of the tale of those that prematurely died (Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix and James Dean).<br />Although the album puttered out at #173 in the US at a time of Saturday Night Fever, Grease and Andy Gibb laced drivel, this album has aged superbly (unlike those aforementioned pieces of trash) and would eventually go Gold because of the timeless nature of the material.<br />In 2001, Stained Class was re-released as a digitally remastered CD with two bonus tracks. First is the song \\"Fire Burns Below\\" which is a great track. Next is a live version of \\"Better By You, Better Than Me\\" which was from 1990's Painkiller tour (obviously resurrected after it was cited for the Nevada trial where the band was accused of putting subliminals into the song).<br />The album is HUGELY RECOMMENDED!ed \\"Heroes End\\". This great rocker tells of the tale of those that prematurely died (Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix and James Dean).  Although the album puttered out at #173 in the US at a time of Saturday Night Fever, Grease and Andy Gibb laced drivel, this album has aged superbly (unlike those aforementioned pieces of trash) and would eventually go Gold because of the timeless nature of the material.  In 2001, Stained Class was re-released as a digitally remastered CD with two bonus tracks. First is the song \\"Fire Burns Below\\" which is a great track. Next is a live version of \\"Better By You, Better Than Me\\" which was from 1990's Painkiller tour (obviously resurrected after it was cited for the Nevada trial where the band was accused of putting subliminals into the song).   The album is HUGELY RECOMMENDED!
0767805712|4.0|I think that this is a very profound and entertaining movie. The future is here, from the electric cars to the screening machines. The only part that perplexed me was at the end when our hero and others got on a rocket to outer space dressed as if they were going to a corporate meeting. Has anyone else said anything about this? I can't find a review that does. Am I missing something here?  Am I the only person who has seen this movie who thinks that the ending is ridiculous? I really would like for someone to give me their thoughts about this. Other than this, I thought the acting was great and the plot outstanding. Great Movie.
B00005K9LK|5.0|In June of 1982, English hard rockers Judas Priest released their ninth album entitled Screaming for Vengeance.<br />Following the somewhat disappointing response to 1981's Top 40 charting Point of Entry (which featured the US rock radio smash \\"Heading Out to the Highway\\"), lead singer Rob Halford, guitarists Glenn Tipton and KK Downing, bass player Ian Hill and drummer Dave Holland went back to Ibiza, Spain with producer Tom Allom (whom had produced their previous two studio offerings, 1980's British Steel and 1981's Point of Entry and co-produced 1979's Unleashed in the East) and record the album that would put Priest in the Metal God shrine for keeps.<br />We open with the classic intro \\"The Hellion\\" which segued into one of Priest's best rockers \\"Electric Eye\\" (which had one of Rob Halford's best lead vocal performances ever as he sings in a lower octave then going to snarl). Next is the speed rocker \\"Riding On the Wind\\" which Rob sings the whole song in a high pitch scream and it just kicks serious arse. Next is another great rocker \\"Bloodstone\\" which rocks. We follow with the great rocker \\"Take These Chains\\" (which was the only track not penned by Halford/Tipton/Downing whom penned the rest of the tracks on this classic album). The first side ended with the \\"United\\" of the album \\"Pain and Pleasure\\" which is a great song.<br />The album's second half begins with the album's hard rocking title track(with Rob's classic falsetto screaming vocal which would make Linkin Park's lead singer runaway after being assaulted in a fight). Next is classic rock radio staple \\"You've Got Another Thing Coming\\" which is the band's most famous song and rightfully so as the music and lyrics just rock as does Tipton's famous guitar solo. Next is the track \\"Fever\\" which is another great number. We close with the killer rocker \\"Devil's Child\\" which has another great vocal performance from Halford and arguably KK Downing's best guitar solo.<br />Screaming For Vengeance would prove to be Judas Priest's first US Top 20 album (at a time of drek like Air Supply and Toni Basil and Duran Duran heisting the US music scene) and was also Priest's first Platinum album (eventually selling two million copies here in the US alone).<br />In 2001, the CD was re-released in digitally remastered form with the bonus tracks \\"Prisoner of Your Eyes\\" (which was written during the Turbo sessions but not used) and the live version of \\"Devil's Child\\" (which came from the Live Vengeance DVD which was first released as the Judas Priest Live 1982 VHS).<br />Highly recommended!t's first US Top 20 album (at a time of drek like Air Supply and Toni Basil and Duran Duran heisting the US music scene) and was also Priest's first Platinum album (eventually selling two million copies here in the US alone).   In 2001, the CD was re-released in digitally remastered form with the bonus tracks \\"Prisoner of Your Eyes\\" (which was written during the Turbo sessions but not used) and the live version of \\"Devil's Child\\" (which came from the Live Vengeance DVD which was first released as the Judas Priest Live 1982 VHS).   Highly recommended!
0765342294|5.0|Ender's Game is a classic, and I've recommended it to even those people who don't usually care for science fiction. I've loaned it so many times I've often needed a new copy for myself. The particular copy I bought, the one with the picture of the boy with his hand out, disappointed me: it's lacking the introduction by the author. It adds to the story, and is the kind of introduction you read after you've read the book. When you choose a copy, look for one (say, the mass-market paperback) that includes the introduction. You can check the table of contents using the \\"search inside\\" to be sure.
B0000630BT|5.0|English metal gods Judas Priest released their 12th studio album entitled Painkiller in September of 1990.<br />After the disappointment with 1988's Ram it Down, Judas Priest reached  their mid-career crisis. First, bands like Metallica and Megadeth were fighting hair bands like Bon Jovi and Poison for metal supremacy. Second, longtime drummer Dave Holland quit Judsa Priest leaving lead singer Rob Halford plus guitarists Glenn Tipton and KK Downing and bass player Ian Hill without a drummer. That all changed when they replaced the somewhat Phil Rudd-ish playing Holland with a fast footed and armed American named Scott Travis from Racer X (Scott's influences were John Bonham, Neil Peart and Alex Van Halen all rock drumming legends). Also, the band were embroiled in a lawsuit after two families sued the band for claiming their kids killed themselves after hearing backwards masking on the 1978 album Stained Class.<br />With the problems facing Priest, the band went in the studio with producer Chris Tsandgeries to record what is possibly one of the greatest metal albums EVER RECORDED!<br />The album's opening title cut is one of the best tracks the band ever recorded though I must admit when I first heard this on the radio and MTV in late 1990, I thought I was listening to an album by Slayer but it was Priest with Rob Halford's shrieks and KK Downing and Glenn Tipton's fiery riffs. Travis' drumming breathed new life into a band that were arguably heading for mediocrity, Priest were never known for lightning double-bass drumming prior to that. Next is another great classic \\"Hell Patrol\\" which is another great song. We follow with the heavy \\"All Guns Blazing\\" which just kicks serious arse. Next is another great piece \\"Leather Rebel\\" which is a great but underappreciated gem in the Priest canon. The first half ends with \\"Metal Meltdown\\" which sees Halford shrieking like he had some Devil trapped in his body and the dual leads of Tipton and Downing just rocking out in a serious way.<br />The album's second half picks up where it left off with the heavy \\"Night Crawler\\" which rocks. Next is the classic \\"Between the Hammer and the Anvil\\" which was another great Priest rocker. Next was the album's second single \\"A Touch of Evil\\" which features keyboard work from Don Airey (famed for work with Ozzy Osbourne, Rainbow, Deep Purple, Brian May) and speaks of demonic possession and metaphorically speaks of love and features one of Halford's best vocals, especially his scream at the end of the bridge and the three Halford singing/screaming the last chorusand one of Tipton's best solos. \\"Battle Hymn\\" is a great instrumental which serves as an overture to the classic speed metal closer \\"One Shot at Glory\\" which sees Halford joust between singing and screaming. He ends the track with a high scream and would end his tenure with the band for 14 years after this.<br />While many hold Painkiller in high regard (like myself), unfortunately the record buying public disagreed and this album flopped when first released due to stuff like Poison and Vanilla Ice. Painkiller barely hit the Top 30 and scraping Gold.<br />In 2002, the album was re-issued with two bonus tracks. One of which called \\"Living Bad Dreams\\" was kept off the album due to time constraints whilst the live \\"Leather Rebel\\" rocks as hard as studio version.<br />Highly recommended!he album's second half picks up where it left off with the heavy \\"Night Crawler\\" which rocks. Next is the classic \\"Between the Hammer and the Anvil\\" which was another great Priest rocker. Next was the album's second single \\"A Touch of Evil\\" which features keyboard work from Don Airey (famed for work with Ozzy Osbourne, Rainbow, Deep Purple, Brian May) and speaks of demonic possession and metaphorically speaks of love and features one of Halford's best vocals, especially his scream at the end of the bridge and the three Halford singing/screaming the last chorusand one of Tipton's best solos. \\"Battle Hymn\\" is a great instrumental which serves as an overture to the classic speed metal closer \\"One Shot at Glory\\" which sees Halford joust between singing and screaming. He ends the track with a high scream and would end his tenure with the band for 14 years after this.   While many hold Painkiller in high regard (like myself), unfortunately the record buying public disagreed and this album flopped when first released due to stuff like Poison and Vanilla Ice. Painkiller barely hit the Top 30 and scraping Gold.   In 2002, the album was re-issued with two bonus tracks. One of which called \\"Living Bad Dreams\\" was kept off the album due to time constraints whilst the live \\"Leather Rebel\\" rocks as hard as studio version.  Highly recommended!
B001AKJ97O|5.0|How am I the _first_ person to review this album? (There must be an error on amazon). Anyway, this album is amazing. I add 1-2 new albums _every day_ to my music collection, and this one is a real stand-out. \\"Hometown Glory\\" is one of the best songs I've ever heard.
B000F8O2OM|5.0|I AM A HUGE STARGATE FAN. I WAS SO SORRY WHEN IT ENDED BUT NOW I CAN LOOK AT THE SHOW ANYTIME I WANT AND I AM GOING TO GET EVERY SEASON.
B0014KD46W|5.0|A very enjoyable CD ...GREAT to hear Hammond organ again...and enlivening percussion...there's some lovely audio surprises...A great SOLID sound..
B000PFFXOS|5.0|After thirty years this album will never be equaled in its original Production. The live version of this Album recored live in Chicago is actually better then the original album with the help of a good conductor and Symphony Orchestra. Ian Anderson is a legend that will never be equaled by any song writer along with his abilty to capture the audience with the ease that he plays his electric flute.
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|This is a very good album. Obviously very \\"Pop\\", but is that so bad? Pop stands for popular and I believe this album will be VERY popular in the coming months. I don't know what professional reviewers may say, but there is a lot to chose from on this, and the tunes are catchy with great sound.   I Kissed A Girl,Waking Up In Vegas,and Hot N Cold are immediate stand-outs. With Hot N Cold, I hear a strange ABBA and E.L.O. sound to it, with the bass and keyboards/piano thumping. Listen to the sample....maybe it's just me.  Bottom line: BUY IT. I don't know if she'll still have a career in 20 years, but for now, just enjoy it!
B000E33VWW|4.0|Capote is one of the more thought provoking movies I've seen this year, in which viewers are given a long, almost agonizing look into the heart, soul and angst of author/celebrity Truman Capote.<br /><br />Philip Seymour-Hoffman is fabulous in his portrayal of Truman Capote who sets out to investigate the murder of a family in small town Kansas. Capote's original magazine article grows into a book as the writer is drawn into the horror of the murder and the shaping events in the brutal killers' pasts.<br />As Capote unravels the truth of the heinous crime the viewer is given glimpses into his own tragedies and the results of those in his life, and his obsessive connection to one of the two men who await execution.<br /><br />This is not light entertainment. And the subject matter guarantees some gruesome elements which are there. If you love to look into a soul and discover what makes it unique and fragile, you may find that this film is a gem.<br /><br />Because of my visit to Capote's mind, I intend to watch Infamous and read In Cold Blood.
B00140PK6O|5.0|This is yet another wonderful series from the BBC, in which they open up the life of a community with humor and feeling.  The community in this case is the Cranford of the middle 1800's, a rural township in which everyone knows everyone else.  Gossip is the oxygen that fuels this town.  But beneath the surface of jealousy, spite, nosiness, and judgmentalness, is a vein of compassion, providing the blood that really keeps this community alive.    The six episodes are almost six hours long and provide the kind of entertainment an entire family can enjoy.  I recommend it highly.
B00005JPNZ|4.0|I've had to let this film sink in a bit after seeing it in the theatre.  Indiana Jones is certainly one of my all-time favorites, and I had been looking forward to ths 4th installment since the news was released years ago it was in works and even cancelled for some time (boy was I dissapointed).  I was too thrilled when I learned about its come back and I knew with Spielberg, Lucas, and Ford on the project it had to be a winner.  Funny thing is, it never felt quite like what I expected out of these guys.<br /><br />Ok, so Ford is older and just wasn't the same.  But he really was not bad either, in fact he held up pretty well in some of the action scenes (and he did do a few stunts himself).  Karen Allen is definelty a returning treat as well, who was always my favorite of the three original Jones ladies.  Shia Lebouf, surprisingly, made a stronger impact than I thought possible (though Im not sure I can see him taking over the role of Indiana Jones as has been rumored for a sequal).  Cate Blanchet, despite being an excellent actress, never stole the show as a memorable villain.  She definelty has a few strong scenes (mainly her sword fighting in the jeep chase scene) but her part never came close in comparison to previous Jones villains.<br /><br />The story suffered a bit I thought.  Though I appreciate that once again the Crystal skulls artificats are real world artifcats that contain mysterious powers, the plot got a little carried away on this one I thought.  Now I won't give away the ending (though I'm sure one way or another the secret is already out) but it just didn't fit into the Indiana Jones realm in my humble opinion.  However, the adventure, action, laughs and thrills are all there along the way, with some scenes (the beginning warehouse scene and the jeep chase) brining some Raiders nostalgia back.  Things do slow down quite a bit and get a bit boring about mid-way through, but overall its a fun ride.<br /><br />Kingdom of the Crystal Skull surpasses Temple of Doom, but that's about it.  This one is nowhere as good as Raiders or Last Crusade, but that was kind of to be expected.  Considering its almost 20 years since the last film, there is more good to this one than bad.  Fans will enjoy it and should see this, but it will leave you with a bit of a bitter taste in the end.<br /><br />Acting - 4<br />Action - 4.5<br />Characters - 4<br />Story - 3<br />Overall - 4's about it.  This one is nowhere as good as Raiders or Last Crusade, but that was kind of to be expected.  Considering its almost 20 years since the last film, there is more good to this one than bad.  Fans will enjoy it and should see this, but it will leave you with a bit of a bitter taste in the end.    Acting - 4   Action - 4.5  Characters - 4  Story - 3  Overall - 4
B0014XCMVM|3.0|Every time I listen to an Alanis Morissette cd I know I'm in for an intellectual journey that no other modern day artist can take me on, and this cd is no different. The problem with this cd (and thus only 3 star rating) is the excessive use of electronic super-sonic sound throughout the album that is a little off-putting. I have always felt that AM's best songs were ones where the music, brought forth by the incredible musicians she surrounds herself with, complimented her extraordinary voice. Unfortunately the over-use of electronic instruments (I'm not really sure what they even are) does the opposite and takes away from her strengths as a brilliant singer, composer and songwriter. Also, I was hoping for an album that was more focused on a wider range of themes and insights other than relationship issues as I think that is the next step she needs to take to bring her work to another level.  With that said, there are some highlights on this cd which include Underneath (I saw her do this song live on Lettermen and was blown away), Giggling Again For No Reason (sounds like an Ivy song but a refreshing divergence from her usual intensity), and Tapes which is really Alanis at her best. Unfortunately, Straightjacket (she always has to put a completely useless song on every album for some reason), Versions Of Violence (could have been a great song without the electronica) are big downers.  Overall, this cd has merit but is not as good as her last cd (So Called Chaos) which was one really great song away from competing for her best work. Let's hope we don't have to wait another 4 years for something new from Alanis.
B0011FXLCC|5.0|The mind altering tones and lyrics allow me sit back and listen ..... not only enjoying the beautiful melody but the mood that each song creates. In my estimation the best Goldfrapp CD yet.
0747593779|5.0|Khaled Hosseini's \\"A Thousand Splendid Sun\\" is a majestic, sweeping, emotionally powerful story that provides the reader with a most telling window into Afghan society over the past thirty-odd years. \\"There are parts of this book that will have grown men surreptitiously blotting the tears that are on the verge of overflowing their ducts, and by the time you get to the middle, you won't be able to put it down.\\" The novel reveals as an amazingly moving story of friendship and sacrifice, giving Western readers a rare glimpse into the suffering and mistreatment of Afghan women that began long before the Taliban came to power.
B000002LJW|4.0|Clapton returns in 1989 with another huge followup to his huge phil collins produced behind the sun (1985) & August (1986).  This album was even bigger than those 2.  The refreshed clapton of the 80s continued his modesty & invited a plethora of musicians including collins, cray, daryl hall, david sanborn, chaka kahn, ray cooper, george harrison, pino palladino, nathan east, phillinganes & many more to complement his playing.  This album was made a little inconsistent by the fact that there were so many guest muscicians (typical of 80s clapton).  Clapton loves playing with a diverse list of musicians.  His buddy phil collins played drums on \\"bad love\\" & the same year clapton played on \\"wish it would rain down\\" on phil's #1 album but seriously.  They maintained their muscial relationship throughout the 80s.  Great tunes here are pretending, bad love, no alibis, & running on faith. The album touches on a few musical styles including rock, pop, blues, & adult contemporary.  His vocal performances are probably some of his best ever here especially on no alibis & pretending.  On \\"no alibis\\" daryl hall helps on backing vocals & the result is incredible.  Hall is a very underated musician & vocalist largely due to his poppy hall & oats stuff.  Journeyman, along with collins's \\"but seriously\\" & \\"we can't dance\\" (1991 final genesis studio album) are 3 of the last great sophisticated albums in rock history.  In the 90s grunge, rap, & heavy metal really triggered the decline of musicianship which has held on to present day (2008) - too bad.  The late 80s & early 90s was really the swan song for intelligent rock.  Buy this piece of rock history.
B00064VR0W|5.0|I ordered this for my mom for Mother's day...she absolutely loves Rod Stewart (she is 77).  She is going to see him in August and she is so excited, so sending her this dvd got her all pumped up for August.  She loves the dvd!  Thanks...fast shipping too!
B000002IG4|4.0|By 1982 phil was very busy finishing up his abacab tour with genesis, drumming on robert plant's 1st solo album (pictures at eleven), producing/drumming on a 2nd john martyn album (glorious fool), producing/drumming on frida's 1st solo album (something's going on), & playing at the 2nd policeman's ball with jethro tull & plant.  Between all this madness he managed to release his 2nd solo album which was much more consistent than face value but retaining the same heavy drum/vocal/horn oriented formula.  Though more adult contemporary (still heavily based on his 1978 divorce) than its predecesor there are still many hard-edged tracks on it including I don't care anymore, cannot believe it's true, & do you know do you care.  A very jazzy rock-fusion number was west side which became a concert staple through the 80s & 90s is an awesome don myrick saxophone lead track.  Daryl stermer (guitar), mo foster (bass), & peter robinson (additional keyboards) also joined the phoenix horns for this classic.  hugh padgham also returned as coproducer (now heavy into his affiliation with genesis & phil collins's solo stuff).  As stated above the album is more consistent than face value as fewer musicians leant their chops.  Although profoundly busy in 1982, phil did tour for a few months promoting face value & hello..(he didn't tour for face value because he did abacab with genesis right after he recorded face value in 1981). The sound of this album is almost duplicated on frida's 1st solo album as collins used the very same musicians in the studio.  I loved phil's solo stuff in the 80s.  Although very pop oriented & adult contemporary at times, the musicianship is very mature, sophisticated, & well produced.  Phil does a good job at creating moods with his voice & drums as all the chord sequences & tempo changes revolve around the drum patterns.  This is also true in genesis albums.  It's true with his session efforts.  With clapton & plant his syncopation creates a mood & his drumfills are integral to the progression of the song.  You can always spot phil's drums.  Good album & overall better than face value.
B0014KD46W|3.0|A couple of songs on the CD caught my attention. Stevie Winwood is a great talent. He could have done a better job. I think he should have stayed with traditional Winwood music.
B0000033P2|4.0|I would have to classify ELP as progressive/classical jazz-fusion rock.  They are among very few bands that have placed little importance on lead guitars which has been important for rock music. They are among my favorite bands including rush & genesis.  Very few 3 piece bands exist.  ELP had a knack for filling alot of space without overproducing.  Trilogy is probably my favorite ELP album as it is the most consistent in mood & concept.  Tarkus in 1971 (prior to trilogy) was a little quirky at times with some filler 3-4 minute songs not well executed by this epic creating band.  This album is filled with long tracks except for hoedown (copeland remake) & the sheriff (crap).  The album starts of with the endless enigma which is a muscial interlude with acoustic strings leading into emerson's synths. From the beginning is probably one of their ELPs best radio friendly attmepted tracks & uses a more traditional acoustic guitar formula. The sheriff is okay but forgetable.  Hoedown is a well known ELP track but is very organ dominated which gets old fast.  Trilogy is one of my favorite ELP songs & it's lyrics & moog patterns are hardened by its 5/8 tempo.  Abaddon's balero (instrumental) begins with soft moog flute notes over a repetetive snare drum pattern & slowly develops into an epic emotional musical saga.  Lake's voice is much more emotional as he uses more ranges of octaves to elicit drama.  His bass work is unaggressive but he plays some great rhythm guitar patterns & one great lead solo in trilogy.  Emerson uses much less hammond organ (which I prefer) & focuses more on moogs & other synths but trilogy, like every ELP album, is dominated by his classical music-influenced style.  Carl Palmer's drumming is okay to fair to moderate but he retains his traditional classical-jazz fusion style which complements the mood of the album.  My complaint about palmer, especially in the studio, is that he never overplays.  All in all a great ELP effort which is more balancedthan it's predecesors but retains it's emerson driven classical style.  Slowly, thru the mid 70s, ELP became balanced.
B0010358D0|5.0|Excellent story line. Great depth in characters. Special effects were goood & sounds incredible in surrond sound. A must for anime fans
B0013URJTG|3.0|\\"Lightbulb Sun\\" has its moments as PT makes its move from the early psychedelic stage to the pop-prog sound that more aptly characterizes its style today. Highlights include the title cut and \\"Shesmovedon,\\" which also can be found on the \\"Deadwing\\" CD. I'm glad I didn't pay a premium for it while it was out of print.
0670020745|5.0|Regardless of the technical arguments these doctors have about how the brain operates, she did a great job relating a perspective 99.9% of us will never know.
0671042858|3.0|At this point it is a cliche to state that Stephen King could make a best seller out of a grocery list.  And while that term is used mostly as a derogatory statement, I feel it also implies that King has found his stride as a popular author to the point where he could actually make a page turner out of a shopping list.  The man certainly has an innate sense of pacing and plot timing.<br /><br />THE GIRL WHO LOVED TOM GORDON gets right to it, with the protagonist getting lost in the woods right at the start.  the point of view of a 9 year old girl is told believably, and king doesn't resort to making his child protagonist some gosh-gee innocent at the mercy of the woods.  She's actually quite resourceful, but never to the point of feeling implausible;  King found a satisfying middle-ground.  What feels a little less satisfying was the ending.  It was not all that dramatic, after 200 pages of something lurking in the woods, especially for a book that keeps bringing up Tom Gordon's being a 'closer'.  Mr. King needs to work on his own closing skills, methinks.<br /><br />Some readers may find the book to be scary, but I think it's pretty tame, although I suspect it wasn't King's intention to make a flat-out horror story, anyway.  Rather, it is part harrowing survival story, part contemplation on faith. The survival elements push the plot along briskly and with the collective force of an author in his prime; the spiritual elements, however, may not be King's forte.  King has delt with the intervention of the divine before (The Stand, Desperation, etc.), but having the little girl becoming more and more detached from reality through sickness and weariness, King stays ambiguous as to whether or not the divine really is intervening to help the girl, or whether her belief in something is ,in itself, what helps her to persevere.  This is all well and good, However the ambiguity was compromised by the inclusion a certain plot device.  Without spoiling anything, the girl's knowledge of a certain object days before she gets to it seems to make it very obvious that there is no ambiguity by the end.  What could have been something that each reader could have subjectively taken differenty is instead spelled right out, which undermines some of the point.  I have zero problem with books that deal with the Divine, but I thought King set out to deliberately confuse what is real and not by making his protagonist venturing on an aboriginal 'vision quest', however, he does not keep it that way and spoils the signifigance of a 'what is true' story with facts that point the way.<br /><br />The book is a short read, and will probably take most readers no more than a couple days to get through.  It's length is appropriate to tell the story, but there isn't a whole lot of substance to it.  It sort of feels like it took King only a little longer to write then it does for the audience to read.  I don't mean to bash mr. King, but I'm just comparing it to his earlier works, and like THE COLORADO KID he seems to be making a short, brief, and quaint book that is neither at the top of his literary peaks, nor his horror best.<br /><br />recommended if you want something light to read on a trip, or a page-turner while on vacation.  I suspect the story won't stick with you long after you've finished it.in object days before she gets to it seems to make it very obvious that there is no ambiguity by the end.  What could have been something that each reader could have subjectively taken differenty is instead spelled right out, which undermines some of the point.  I have zero problem with books that deal with the Divine, but I thought King set out to deliberately confuse what is real and not by making his protagonist venturing on an aboriginal 'vision quest', however, he does not keep it that way and spoils the signifigance of a 'what is true' story with facts that point the way.    The book is a short read, and will probably take most readers no more than a couple days to get through.  It's length is appropriate to tell the story, but there isn't a whole lot of substance to it.  It sort of feels like it took King only a little longer to write then it does for the audience to read.  I don't mean to bash mr. King, but I'm just comparing it to his earlier works, and like THE COLORADO KID he seems to be making a short, brief, and quaint book that is neither at the top of his literary peaks, nor his horror best.    recommended if you want something light to read on a trip, or a page-turner while on vacation.  I suspect the story won't stick with you long after you've finished it.
B00102F5WK|5.0|This movie portrays the hypocrisy of so-called \\"free nations\\" that preach about human rights and dignity whilst using rogue nations to do their dirty work. The CIA agent (played by Jake Gyllenhaal) at one point says \\"this is my first torture\\", an apt description of what Anwar El-Ibrahimi (played honestly and believably by Omar Metwally) endured, after chance links him to terrorist bombers. Appropriately for me the story starts in South Africa, a country which experienced a case similar to the one described in the movie, in October 2005. A local Pakistani national was abducted in the middle of the night, was driven several hundred kilometers to an airforce base in Pretoria and flown out of South Africa to an unknown destination for interrogation. It has subsequently emerged that the individual concerned was flown to Pakistan. Events around this story (see here: [...]) add to the credibilty of the movie and the need for those of us who are \\"free\\" to stand up to such human rights abuses and insist on fair and due process. Remember: all that it takes for evil to succeed is that good men do nothing.
1577314808|5.0|Eckhart Tolle, from my point of view, is the best spiritual writer for our western society.  As we practice being in the Now, giving all our attention to the present moment, we become more conscious and therefore more peaceful, enjoying all that the One Life gives us.  Diana Wagner
B000059TEP|5.0|I love this movie!! Every time I watch it, I get chills and I cry!  What a tender love story!  Patrick Swayze, Demi Moore and Whoopie Goldberg are excellent and I'd like to believe that those we love are still very near to us always.
B00164KYS2|5.0|This is one of the few shows that I've watched since the beginning and considered good or ground-breaking enough to actually buy the episodes on DVD.  (CSI and The L-Word being others)  I didn't buy Season Six in protest of the way they split it into two DVD sets, thereby doubling the price for the Season, but I digress.  The movie picks up the threads four years after the series left off.<br /><br />Carrie (Sarah Jessica Parker) has reconciled with Big (Chris Noth) and the two are apartment hunting in Manhattan.<br /><br />Miranda (Cynthia Nixon) is still married to Steve (David Eigenberg) but having problems balancing the responsibilities of home, family, work and social life.<br /><br />Charlotte (Kristin Davis) is happily married to Harry (Evan Handler) and the couple have adopted a daughter named Lily.<br /><br />Samantha (Kim Cattrall) is living with Smith (Jason Lewis) in LA, commuting to New York for important social events.<br /><br />So now you're up to date, here we go with the Short Attention Span Summary (SASS):<br /><br />1. Carrie and Big make an important decision based on legal rights over property<br />2. Miranda makes an important decision based on Steve's actions<br />3. Charlotte has big news, but is afraid that something may happen to ruin everything<br />4. Samantha is restless, and not getting any younger<br />5. In vogue wedding ends up in Vogue magazine, but the honeymoon isn't exactly what the bride had in mind.<br />6. Carrie hires an assistant, Louise from St. Louis (Jennifer Hudson), an efficient young woman with great taste in brand names and shoes, who still believes in love.<br />7. The tides of life wax and wane and wax again in thoroughly entertaining fashion<br />8. All join in wishing Samantha another 50 years!!<br /><br />This movie captures the spirit of the series, the only thing missing being not enough Stanford Blatch (Willie Garson) and Anthony Marantino (Mario Cantone)<br /><br />The soundtrack is also excellent, with songs by Fergie, Jennifer Hudson, Jem, Nina Simone, India-Arie and others.<br /><br />Highly recommended for all fans of the show, and the fashion forward.<br /><br />Amanda Richards, June 22, 2008nded for all fans of the show, and the fashion forward.          Amanda Richards, June 22, 2008
B0016AJU2C|4.0|Alanis fans like myself who cruelly grew excited about her latest break-up (from former fiance Ryan Reynolds, an actor currently engaged to actress Scarlett Johansson) in hopes that it would inspire another wave of angry songs that hearkened back to her golden [[ASIN:B000002MY3 Jagged Little Pill]] years can't help but emerge slightly disappointed after a first listen to this latest CD.  Here we find Alanis not really angry -- just very, very sad.  This is her first album to incorporate honest-to-goodness, straight-up ballads, and you can hear the emotion in every word she sings.  None of these songs make it clear what caused the break-up, or who is really to blame, if anyone. (Though \\"Straitjacket\\" and \\"Versions of Violence\\" come closest, and are definitely the angriest of the lot.)  However, considering the fact that Reynolds got engaged to a new chick less than two years after their relationship ended, it's not hard to understand where that throb of pain in her voice is coming from.<br /><br />The pain is most evident in the songs \\"Not As We\\" and \\"Torch\\".  I would give the latter four stars out of five; it's one of my favorite tracks on the album.  However \\"Not As We\\" doesn't really suit Alanis' voice, and she seems to strain herself on a few of the notes.  Another four-star number is the unexpected \\"Giggling Again For No Reason\\", a song that probably ISN'T about Reynolds, since the lyrics suggest that she's met a new man, or at least come to terms with her new life as a single person.  My other favorite song on the album is \\"Madness\\".  I wrote it off as pretty filler until I realized almost five minutes into it that it was still going on.  It's so nice when an artist is comfortable enough to let the music of a song carry on for awhile on the CD.  It makes the CD more like a concert experience, and allows the listener to really revel in the music and not feel as though you're being rushed through the album at a breakneck pace.<br /><br />Standout tracks that are good candidates to become favorites later on include \\"Orchid\\" (one of the bonus tracks), \\"Incomplete\\" and \\"On The Tequila\\", another bonus track that recalls \\"Unsent\\" from [[ASIN:B00000DGUG Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie]] in its narrative-set-to-music style.  It's a quirky song that seems to be written about a high school reunion.  Most of the other songs are three stars at best, but they may grow on me as I listen to the album over and over again over time.  They are by no means bad; they simply failed to distinguish themselves at first listen.  Production-wise, this is hands-down Alanis' best album yet.  Gone is the bare-bones, stipped-away sound of her previous albums.  Here, there are synthesizers and electronic backing of all kinds in play, and it definitely makes for a very different sort of Alanis experience.  It also makes for the first album she's made that can truly be called a Pop album, and nothing else.  I don't mean that as an insult, but it's certainly a surprise.<br /><br />I actually regret downloading the CD instead of buying the hard copy.  I never realized what an essential part of listening to an Alanis CD reading along with the lyrics was for me until I couldn't do it.  But it hasn't dampened my enthusiasm for the music, by any means.  I just wish the music were as dynamic and energizing and -- yes, okay -- *angry* as her earlier work.  What a shame that people have to grow up and learn how to maturely deal with their emotions.  This could have been the angriest album in the history of Alanis Morissette in the history of music in the history of the world.to become favorites later on include \\"Orchid\\" (one of the bonus tracks), \\"Incomplete\\" and \\"On The Tequila\\", another bonus track that recalls \\"Unsent\\" from [[ASIN:B00000DGUG Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie]] in its narrative-set-to-music style.  It's a quirky song that seems to be written about a high school reunion.  Most of the other songs are three stars at best, but they may grow on me as I listen to the album over and over again over time.  They are by no means bad; they simply failed to distinguish themselves at first listen.  Production-wise, this is hands-down Alanis' best album yet.  Gone is the bare-bones, stipped-away sound of her previous albums.  Here, there are synthesizers and electronic backing of all kinds in play, and it definitely makes for a very different sort of Alanis experience.  It also makes for the first album she's made that can truly be called a Pop album, and nothing else.  I don't mean that as an insult, but it's certainly a surprise.    I actually regret downloading the CD instead of buying the hard copy.  I never realized what an essential part of listening to an Alanis CD reading along with the lyrics was for me until I couldn't do it.  But it hasn't dampened my enthusiasm for the music, by any means.  I just wish the music were as dynamic and energizing and -- yes, okay -- *angry* as her earlier work.  What a shame that people have to grow up and learn how to maturely deal with their emotions.  This could have been the angriest album in the history of Alanis Morissette in the history of music in the history of the world.
B000GFLEJA|5.0|A Review of the DVD: \\"Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas\\"<br /><br />Starring:<br />  Johnny Depp,<br />  Benicio Del Toro<br /><br />Director: Terry Gilliam<br /><br />Writing credits:<br />  Hunter S. Thompson (book)<br />  Terry Gilliam (screenplay)<br />  Tony Grisoni (screenplay)<br />  Tod Davies (screenplay)<br />  Alex Cox (screenplay)<br /><br />Run Time: 118 Minutes<br />Released: 1998<br /><br />Hunter Thompson practiced total immersion journalism.  He called this form reporting gonzo journalism.<br /><br />Hunter Thompson drove to Las Vegas to report on a motorcycle race and ended up writing a story about himself writing a story about a motorcycle race.  If he would have written a conventional report on motorcycle racing it would have been interesting to motorcycle enthusiasts for a few days.  Since he wrote a gonzo story he had a very wide canvas and he used it well to create a classic.<br /><br />Johnny Depp and Benicio Del Toro do justice to the outrageous characters created by Hunter S Thompson.  The reader might be turned off by the obstreperous behavior, extreme self indulgence and offensive inconsiderate language.  If you can look past this offensive conduct and you will see that Hunter S Thompson gave us an insight into the American character of the 1970's.<br /><br />See also: [[ASIN:067960331X Hell's Angels: A Strange and Terrible Saga (Modern Library)]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:0679785892 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:000655136X Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas]]<br /><br />I completely enjoyed this film and recommend it to others.
B00011KHTM|3.0|I may just be computer-illiterate (very likely), but I find that once I plug the adapter in my laptop goes nuts.  However, with patience and persistence, I can pretty easily get the connection working great.  And I love to watch all my online content on the big screen.    Also, it stops working well after a while. I go through about 1 a year, which to me, is ok.
B00005Q3DX|5.0|A Review of the DVD: \\"Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas\\"<br /><br />Starring:<br />  Johnny Depp,<br />  Benicio Del Toro<br /><br />Director: Terry Gilliam<br /><br />Writing credits:<br />  Hunter S. Thompson (book)<br />  Terry Gilliam (screenplay)<br />  Tony Grisoni (screenplay)<br />  Tod Davies (screenplay)<br />  Alex Cox (screenplay)<br /><br />Run Time: 118 Minutes<br />Released: 1998<br /><br />Hunter Thompson practiced total immersion journalism.  He called this form reporting gonzo journalism.<br /><br />Hunter Thompson drove to Las Vegas to report on a motorcycle race and ended up writing a story about himself writing a story about a motorcycle race.  If he would have written a conventional report on motorcycle racing it would have been interesting to motorcycle enthusiasts for a few days.  Since he wrote a gonzo story he had a very wide canvas and he used it well to create a classic.<br /><br />Johnny Depp and Benicio Del Toro do justice to the outrageous characters created by Hunter S Thompson.  The reader might be turned off by the obstreperous behavior, extreme self indulgence and offensive inconsiderate language.  If you can look past this offensive conduct and you will see that Hunter S Thompson gave us an insight into the American character of the 1970's.<br /><br />See also: [[ASIN:067960331X Hell's Angels: A Strange and Terrible Saga (Modern Library)]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:0679785892 Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:000655136X Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas]]<br /><br />I completely enjoyed this film and recommend it to others.
0446402389|5.0|A very impressive debut novel. \\"Child 44\\" will appeal to mystery lovers, as well as those interested in Soviet Russia and police procedurals.  It is extremely well crafted and the story is compelling.  This is one book that you won't want to put down and which you will remember after you have finished reading it.
B0010V4TZU|4.0|Vampire Weekend built quite a buzz via the internet and in their native New York in 2007, and their debut album was hugely anticipated. The question was whether the album could possibly live up to the pre-release hype and expectations.<br /><br />On \\"Vampire Weekend\\" (11 tracks; 34 min.), the band immediately crashes in with a great \\"Mansard Roof\\" (lasting all of 2 min.), and immediately moves on to \\"Oxford Comma\\", another great song. But the best is yet to follow, first on \\"A-Punk\\", another very short, but irresitable upbeat ska-flavored track, with a delicious bridge that features Mellotron (or so it sounds) and a thumping bass. After that comes \\"Cape Cod Kwassa Kwassa\\", with sounds lifted straight from Paul Simon's \\"Graceland\\" and irreverent lyrics (on being attrached to a particular girl: \\"But this feels so unnatural/Peter Gabriel too\\", haha!). Incidentally all of these first 4 tracks were a single in either the US and/or the UK, and as a bloc it makes for a perfect opening of this album. After that, things are a bit less urgent, although the music remains fab. Other highlights include \\"Campus\\" (with great lines like \\"Then I see you/You're walking cross the campus/Cruel professor/Studying romances/How am I supposed to pretend/I never wanna see you again\\"), \\"One (Blake's Got a New Face)\\" and the album closer \\"The Kids Don't Stand a Chance\\". In all, this is a terrific collection of songs. The band makes its point, and moves on to the next song, and before you know it, you find yourself playing this again and again. Just terrific, and this is sure to make my \\"top albums of the year\\" list later this year.<br /><br />I hadn't seen Vanpire Weekend in concert yet, until I caught them at Bonnaroo this past weekend, and for some reason it didn't connect. The band sounded \\"off\\" for some reason. Or maybe it was the massive crowd that outsized the band's sound. I'll be seeing them again later this year at the Monolith Festival (a much smaller setting than Bonnaroo) and I'll be very interested to see how the band performs there. Meanwhile, their debut album is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!ted to see how the band performs there. Meanwhile, their debut album is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
0679805273|5.0|Bought four copies and gave them to four of my best friends graduating high school! Great gift!
0446677450|5.0|This book is amazing for the reason that it teaches you the way to financial independence, and how any person would start thinking business. The examples of implmenting this in the real estate are very nice, and help us to start small. A similar pattern / principle can be applied to any other business.
B000IFQLLY|5.0|This is definitely one of the best from Depeche Mode.  Many of these songs exude creativity and emotion.  They are also so believable where you can picture the lead singer David Gahan singing them to you.  This is one of my favorite cds because when I first bought this cd I listened to it alot after work and its good for working out and making out.  In my opinion what helps make this cd a masterpiece is many of these songs are creatively erotic and sensual but there are also some songs that appeal more to ones emotional side and spiritual side.  In this cd there is something for everyone.  Some of my favorites on this cd are just can't get enough, strangelove, dream on, personal jesus, people are people, walking in my shoes, and feel you.  If you want a versatile cd that you can listen to on numerous occassions then your money spent on this cd is well worth it.  This is is another classic that you will be happy to have bought.
B000YIGNKE|5.0|I am a dedicated Janeite ... Jane is my favorite author; although I am not much of a \\"chick lit chick\\" Jane is comfort food. As I see her she is the original DIY Riot Grrrl who would give Kathleen Hanna a real run for her Rebel Girl money. I've read the books more times than I can think of; cut a wide swath through the literary criticism; read the few remaining letters Cassandra didn't see fit to burn, and have seen every movie adaption out there. And I agree with, I think it was EM Forester who said, \\"Jane will get you out of a tight spot!\\"<br /><br />I am not excessively critical of Austen movie adaptations as I seem to enjoy them all; I just like some better than others. Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth still \\"own\\" Pride and Prejudice in my humble opinion ... I think it will be awhile before those two are truly unseated from their respective roles of Lizzy Bennet and Fitzwilliam Darcy. And although there is a lot of blather about Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds being too old to play Anne Elliot and Fredrick Wentworth I heartily disagree -- they contributed wonderful performances in their Persuasion version roles, supported by the absolutely fabulous character actors Sophie Thompson who played a hilarious sister Mary and Corin Redgrave who played an equally hilarious Sir Walter Elliot.<br /><br />It was with some reticence that I purchased the Sense and Sensibiity Collector Set ... but what the heck, I get three films focusing on Jane Austen, including the latest adaptation of Persuasion which is my favoriate Austen novel and an update of Sense and Sensibility thrown in for good measure.<br /><br />I am truly delighted by Sally Hawkins as Anne Elliot and Rupert Penry-Jones who was every bit her equal as the upwardly mobile Fredrick Wentworth. It was also really cool to see Anthony Head post \\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\" as the vapid, vain and mean! Sir Walter ... which is such a departure from his Giles-Buffy days. The only real complaint, albeit a picayune minor one at that, is Julia Davis, who plays Elizabeth Elliot, is wearing a really bad wig. This is a stunning adaptation and Simon Burke is to be heartily commended as is Rebecca Eaton who once again proves why she is \\"The Master\\" in Masterpiece Theatre! One final note: This is the BEST on-screen kiss I have EVER seen ... topping even Billy Crudup and Claire Danes in Stage Beauty! (and they were for real).vis, who plays Elizabeth Elliot, is wearing a really bad wig. This is a stunning adaptation and Simon Burke is to be heartily commended as is Rebecca Eaton who once again proves why she is \\"The Master\\" in Masterpiece Theatre! One final note: This is the BEST on-screen kiss I have EVER seen ... topping even Billy Crudup and Claire Danes in Stage Beauty! (and they were for real).
B00065LY1I|5.0|I would definitely recommend this cd to  fans of Kylie Minogue and non fans alike.  What I love about this cd is that many of these songs are beautifully compiled together in terms of time era.  For example, if you want to listen to Kylie in the 80's and 90's for the moment you would definitely check out cd 1.  However if you crave the songs from the 2000's with some from the 90's check out cd 2.  One of my favorite songs on her compilation is \\"come into my world\\" while my husband's is \\"where the wild roses grow\\".  Many of the gems that I love of hers are on these cds but my top other fave songs would have to be \\"red blooded woman\\", \\"can't get you out of my head\\", \\"on a night like this\\", \\"in your eyes\\" and \\"slow\\".  I love the ultimate kylie collection because it is upbeat, cheerful, sensual, and erotic at the same time.  Plus this collection is any gem that will appeal to various occassions.  If you like pop and/or europop or dance you will love this collection.  Obviously this is another purchase that I definitely feel is well worth the money.
0061537934|5.0|A beautiful,if somewhat unusually told, story of love, loss, hopes, dreams, fear, determination and selfish evil, all told from the viewpoint of a most unusual narrator--a dog.    Wonderfully crafted with observation and insight into human nature that only an outsider--someone or something above it all--could note and desecribe, in this case the family's beloved dog.  Not exactly a detached observer, but certainly a keen observer and narrator.    Beautifully thought out, carefully and artfully written with a touch of Jonathan Livingston Seagull at the end.    One of the Year's Best...
B000B8QEZG|5.0|I was living in Mayport, Florida around this time when the cd came out and none of the radio stations were playing this cd.  Nonetheless, fortunately my husband purchased this cd for me as a gift and it has been a gift I have been enjoying ever since.  Here is the rundown of each of the songs<br /><br />Hung Up 7/10  A unique song with strong eurodance background music that in my opinion is a solid beginner.  One can easily picture themselves at a danceclub with this song.<br /><br />Get Together 10/10  A song that I definitely wish would have been played on the radio but is a strong addition to this cd.  This song is a beautiful blending of her creative vocals about getting together with someone that mixes well with the complementary background music.  When I worked out after work in Florida I would play this song alot.<br /><br />Sorry 8/10  I liked the beginning to this song where it sounds like she is quoting I think is Italian (feel free to correct if its another language) and I like the way the vocals \\"I heard it all before\\" are scattered throughout the song.<br /><br />Future Lovers 8/10  Again this is another song where the background music really strengthened the song.  This is because the background music in my opinion sounded very futuristic and one can picture themselves in a dance club 20 years from now still enjoying this song.<br /><br />I Love New York 6/10  This song was ok but I admit that that the reason why this song wasn't as highly rated by me compared to the other ones is the good lyrics but I felt more emotion could have been added to the song but still a listenable song.<br /><br />Let It Will Be 10/10  Very gorgeous and beautiful and classical like background music with vocals that send a positive message to the listener to be peaceful and happy regardless of circumstances.<br /><br />Forbidden Love 10/10  Another creative and futuristic song that beautifully sounds like a story as she is singing about a love desired but forbidden.<br /><br />Jump 10/10  I really like this song because it encourages the listener not to be afraid of taking chances and to believe in their dreams and a positive outcome as they are taking these chances.<br /><br />How High 9/10  A great song where she is reflecting on how far she has come mixed with an upbeat rhythm.  This song could also be applied to other people who have come far as well.  This is my opinion is the beauty of this song.<br /><br />Isaac  9/10  A very gorgeous song that is upbeat and seems to pay a respectful ode to Isaac.  Listening to this song its challenging for me to understand why there would be critics to this song because if one listens to the song it would be easy to see how she is paying her respects in a creative but upbeat way.<br /><br />Push 10/10  A very  unique song that magically blends what sounds like middle east with eurodance beats about being encouraged to do ones best.  Although I think that she is sending her positive respects to her husband encouraging her, on a positive note anyone can picture themselves being encouraged by someone they care about in this song.<br /><br />Like It or Not 10/10  A wonderful song that sends a message to her critics and fans alike that she is going to continue to thrive and be around.  Plus it sends a message about her inspiring confidence because you can tell by the song that she has an enduring but inspiring faith that love for her will grow.<br /><br />If you are looking for a good cd to dance to and workout too this is definitely one of the gems to purchase.the listener not to be afraid of taking chances and to believe in their dreams and a positive outcome as they are taking these chances.    How High 9/10  A great song where she is reflecting on how far she has come mixed with an upbeat rhythm.  This song could also be applied to other people who have come far as well.  This is my opinion is the beauty of this song.    Isaac  9/10  A very gorgeous song that is upbeat and seems to pay a respectful ode to Isaac.  Listening to this song its challenging for me to understand why there would be critics to this song because if one listens to the song it would be easy to see how she is paying her respects in a creative but upbeat way.    Push 10/10  A very  unique song that magically blends what sounds like middle east with eurodance beats about being encouraged to do ones best.  Although I think that she is sending her positive respects to her husband encouraging her, on a positive note anyone can picture themselves being encouraged by someone they care about in this song.    Like It or Not 10/10  A wonderful song that sends a message to her critics and fans alike that she is going to continue to thrive and be around.  Plus it sends a message about her inspiring confidence because you can tell by the song that she has an enduring but inspiring faith that love for her will grow.    If you are looking for a good cd to dance to and workout too this is definitely one of the gems to purchase.
B0013FNC38|5.0|I can't stop listening to this album, nor would I want to. His lyrics are amazing. I find myself singing most of these songs in my sleep. There is s song for everyone on this album. Lucky, a song featuring Colbie Caillat, is my favorite on the album. It speaks so beautifully about being in love. With every new album I buy of Jason's, they grow as I grow up in life. Buy it!
B000000OAA|5.0|Looking back at the 1970s, sometimes many forget how big the band Queen was. Even as Queen moved into the 1980s, while their popularity did slightly decline in the United States, it continued to be very high in Europe. Their performance at Live Aid is widely considered one of the greatest of all-time and their subsequent \\"Magic\\" tour is considered one of the all-time greatest concert tours. If it weren't for Freddie Mercury's death in 1992, we might still be talking about Queen being as big a band as the Beatles. When Queen released their 1973 self-titled debut album, it showed all of the signs of greatness to come. This album would show how the band embraced a \\"theatrical\\" feel to their music (which was something seen by other bands such as the Kinks) as well as embrace a sound that would evolve into what would become Heavy Metal.   I expected the follow-up album, \\"Queen II\\" to continue much of what \\"Queen\\" had started. While \\"Queen II\\" continues down the road of theatrical music, overall this album just didn't capture my interest as much as the first album.   However with Queen's third album, \\"Sheer Heart Attack\\", Queen would successfully build on the fundamentals of the first two albums and expand their sound.  They would still revolve around the theatrical sound, but move away from the medieval themes of the first two albums.   It would also prove to be their first breakthrough album in terms of commercial success.    Queen is an example of the sum of the parts actually being greater than the whole. However, if you take each of the four members of Queen, they easily stand on their own as a top musician in their profession. Freddie Mercury is easily known to be the emotional and flamboyant lead vocalist of Queen who indeed has a legendary voice. Brian May is the legendary lead guitarist and probably the second most popular member of the band. Roger Taylor and John Deacon go extremely underrated. Listen to Taylor's thundering drumming in the studio or live and onecan easily understand why he was asked to participate in an All Star Drum Jam (The S.O.S. All-Stars) at the Live Earth concert. As for John Deacon, he might be one of music's all-time underrated bass players. Many of his bass lines have proven to be the foundation for Queen's musical sound. In addition to being top musicians, all four members play integral roles in the songwriting.  As with the first two albums, the band's instrumentation continues to operate a high level. However on this album, I think its Mercury that takes it up a notch and establishes a foundation as a hall of fame vocalist.    Here is a track by track synopsis of this collection:    \\"Brighton Rock\\": This is a great track.  Queen improvises by using carnival sounds (indicative of the seaside resort of Brighton).  While May's guitars shine, this song is a real breakthrough for Mercury who performs both parts of a duet - simply outstanding.    \\"Killer Queen\\": Legendary track as Mercury once again takes it up a notch again with his vocals.  The song has a theatrical feel to it.  Terrific piano work is also done by Mercury.  However the real underrated hero of this track is Deacon - his bass completely sets the tone for this track.    \\"Tenement Fuster\\": This song features Taylor on vocals who once again proves he can also be a lead vocalist.  Taylor's high octaves give this song a prototype for some early Heavy Metal.    \\"Flick of the Wrist\\": This song has a great segue from \\"Tenement Fuster\\".  Mercury takes over lead vocals for this track.  Once again, Mercury demonstrates great harmonies.  This song takes on more of a progressive rock feel.    \\"Lily of the Valley\\": This song has a segue from \\"Flick of the Wrist\\".  This song takes a softer tone, yet still with a theatrical feel.    \\"Now I'm Here\\": Mercury shines again and shows he too can hit the high vocals.   May's guitars are right on form.   Terrific harmonies are prevalent throughout this track.    \\"In the Lap of the Gods\\": This track again showcases a theatrical feel to it  - and Queen is awesome in doing so.  This features some great piano work.    \\"Stone Cold Crazy\\": \\"In the Lap of the Gods\\" has a segue to this track.  This song almost sounds like a cross between classic Rock of the fifties and early Heavy Metal.    \\"Dear Friends\\": Soft piano ballad.   Not a bad song, but didn't have me doing handstands.    \\"Misfire\\":  Much of this song was composed by Deacon and the fruits of his efforts shine.   This song almost gives me a feel for what sound that the band Boston would feature in the late 70s.    \\"Bring Back that Leroy Brown\\":  Queen has always they could pull off a Rockabilly sound - and this song proves it.  Nice work of banjo and jangle piano are featured in this song.  Great bass work by Deacon.    \\"She Makes Me\\":  This song has more of a classic rock feel.  Underrated track. May has some great acoustic guitar work.  I like the way the use of sirens are used in this song.    \\"In the Lap of the Gods...Revisited\\": Queen wraps this one up with a theatrical finale feel to it.  The perfect way to end the album.    I think Queen moving away from the Medieval themes of the first two albums has a lot to do with why they grew as a band on this album.   While Mercury has his breakthrough on this album, the whole band shines.  Overall, this is a terrific effort that will keep core Queen fans and casual fans happy.  Highly recommended.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|I started watching a few episodes at the end of season 2. Then I watched season 3 and had too many questions.  So I bought the first 2 seasons and found this to be a great show!!
0743277465|4.0|Good book, well-written and a usable message. The techniques discussed can benefit everyone. I see this as the practical field guide to Mihaly's 'Flow'. The author's experience with the mental game of chess and phsyical game of Push Hands helps bridge the overall message of flow, focus and ideal mental states to deal with challenge.
B0015AARJI|5.0|Oh Boy , this controllers are absolutley worth the money; its handy , feels righ in your hand , alitte heaveier than the sixaxis (which is a great thing for me , because they dont feel cheap :P ) , Great rumbling ... And and the great part is that its quiet while rumbling not as those from ps2 that gives you noises like its about to split in two peices !!     Again , I highly recommend it for Gammers and espeacially Racing fans (especifically Burnout: Paradise).
0767817729|5.0|This is a movie that I love and unfortunately, could not remember the title of it for the longest time.  When I realized what the title was, I immediately searched for it on Amazon and sure enough, they had it.  REVENGE is a terrific movie--something that I will watch over and over.  I AM  romantic and like to believe that any man will go through anything for the woman he truly loves.  I think a man would definitely like to sit and watch this movie with his girl just because it IS NOT a mushy-gushy movie but a movie with really strong characters and plot.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|While Coldplay has irrevocably departed from its best efforts, \\"Parachutes\\" and \\"A Rush of Blood...\\", it has forged a new path away from the tripe that was \\"X&Y\\", hopefully for good. When you achieve such monumental fame, you can't help but be forced by whatever powers that be to change.<br /><br />The sound overall is less dark than earlier albums, much like \\"X&Y\\" is more major-key-pop-happy, but this time the band make it work. It's candylike, but it's good candy.<br /><br />The production efforts, led by Brian Eno, are impeccable, if you like that sort of thing. But if you're the type that likes to hear chair/floorboard creaks as in \\"Green Eyes\\", you won't find it here. Coldplay's music used to have a more raw feel, but that is gone in favor of a rich, well-layered panoply of sound.<br /><br />I was struck by how much I enjoyed Chris Martin's fluttering tenor, and by how good a vocalist he truly is. Many of the tracks are piano-driven, which I regard to be good. Johnny Buckland will remain an overrated guitarist in my book, but he does his job and thankfully limits his U2 sound. Guy Berryman doesn't strike me in any one way or the other, which I suppose is a good thing for a bassist. And Will Champion subdues his techno-beat drumming for the most part on this album, which I also regard to be a positive.<br /><br />Several songs were written as medleys(\\"42\\", \\"Yes\\", \\"Lovers in Japan/Reign of Love\\"), which is fine, but unless you're John Lennon/Paul McCartney, I would prefer the medleys listed as separate tracks that flow seamlessly together, so the listener can choose to skip over them.<br /><br />Overall, a solid album. Not their best, but an improvement over their previous effort.
0756404746|5.0|This is a great book. One of the best I have read in along time. I noticed some people on here complained about it being too long, or that the story was too slow. I would prefer book be long and to build the character up, let us know about them. The story wasn't at all slow. It's the first part of a trilogy. This book gives you the main characters early past. I am guessing the 2nd book will be about his troubles and how he became known as the \\"king killer\\", and the third book will be fully about the present.    Most writers now seem to just throw out books with lighting speed. The characters are shallow and only flushed out in possible later novels. Taking a year to write a good book is much better then writing a crappy one every month.
B000G8NXYG|5.0|Akira Kurosawa has directed some genuinely great movies, such as \\"Rashomon,\\" \\"Ran,\\" and \\"Kagemusha.\\" Yet another classic is his \\"Seven Samurai,\\" from which the American movie, \\"The Magnificent Seven,\\" was inspired.<br /><br />This movie begins with a bleak sky; the movie is shot in black and white, giving it grittiness and a rather foreboding atmosphere as filmed. Weather, as in other Kurosawa movies, is an important element.  As with \\"Rashomon,\\" heavy rain falls at a number of critical points in the movie. There are other exquisite moments.  For example, as the marauders/bandits examine the village that they plan to plunder once the crops are harvested, the villagers are crying out in terror at the sight of the band of forty. With that scene of terror is juxtaposed birds singing.  The pairing of terror with bird song is oddly affecting and effective.  And the sound track. . . .  \\"The Magnificent Seven,\\" as we all know, had a powerful stirring sound track, featuring the well known theme.  The sound track here is less overtly powerful, but no less supportive of the movie. At times, in certain scenes, the music is almost hypnotic.<br /><br />The plot itself?  After the villagers realize that the bandits will return in the future as their crops are harvested, they go to the village elder, \\"Granddad.\\" The stooped old man suggests a simple strategy: find Samurai to protect the village and pay them with rice, three meals per day. That would be all. . . .  In the historical context laid out by the movie, many Samurai were destitute and had little.  Several villagers went into a nearby city to see about recruiting warriors to protect them.  After seeing a clever and courageous (and competent) Samurai recue a child, they approach Kambei (played, I think, by Takashi Shimura).  Rice is enough compensation for him to agree to raise a force of seven, the minimum number that he thinks could successfully repel an invasion force of forty brigands. The heart of the movie is his recruitment of seven Samurai, including Toshiro Mifune as a boastful and slightly crazed would-be Samurai and other characters.<br /><br />The centerpiece of the movie is the bonds developed among the seven Samurai and the \\"at a distance\\" relationship with many villagers.  Villagers see the Samurai is not necessarily a lot different from the bandits, in terms of their fear of them.  Nonetheless, the Samurai train the villagers for the inevitable battle with the bandits.  The climactic scenes demonstrate the fury of battle, the courage of plain villagers, and the skills of the Samurai.<br /><br />This is a long movie (almost three hours) and one must really watch the whole thing to appreciate it.  A few paragraphs of prose cannot really capture the spirit and essence of this masterpiece.  This movie was released in the mid-1950s; it still holds up well today.uitment of seven Samurai, including Toshiro Mifune as a boastful and slightly crazed would-be Samurai and other characters.<br /><br />The centerpiece of the movie is the bonds developed among the seven Samurai and the \\"at a distance\\" relationship with many villagers.  Villagers see the Samurai is not necessarily a lot different from the bandits, in terms of their fear of them.  Nonetheless, the Samurai train the villagers for the inevitable battle with the bandits.  The climactic scenes demonstrate the fury of battle, the courage of plain villagers, and the skills of the Samurai.<br /><br />This is a long movie (almost three hours) and one must really watch the whole thing to appreciate it.  A few paragraphs of prose cannot really capture the spirit and essence of this masterpiece.  This movie was released in the mid-1950s; it still holds up well today.
0553296981|3.0|Sometimes you wonder to what purpose a person releases the details of a love ones life after death.  This is just such a case.  I will admit, I did not read the book as instructed in school, or many of the books forced upon us.  As an adult, I went back and read many of them to see what I had missed (like the Red Badge of Courage, Uncle Toms Cabine, Tom Sawyer, etc.).  This book from the hype would seem to be a literary masterpiece, rather, what it turns out to be is a rudementarry, and purposely selected piece of a little girls journal.  If the purpose of the book was to delve into the mind of a teenage girl of the 1940's who does not get on well with her family or others, and seem a bit spoiled, it is a glowing success.  The problem here is that it is meant to showcase a little girl in hiding from the Nazi's during WWII.  To this it fails in that it merely touches on those issues (other than the ad nauseum complaints that Anne Frank makes about her inconveniences).  I also get the feeling that this was severly edited to make the father look better than he was (in that he released the book), while making everyone else the villan.  I guess this book is timeless in that most teenagers today have the same rants and raves.  If you are reading it looking for historical perspective of a Jewish teen in hiding, you will not get much more than the backdrop which leaks through every now and again, since all the rest could truly be the rants of a teen of any generation.  I know this review will be unpopular since this book is considered a modern day classic from our generation, I just feel there are numerous books that are far better at demostrating the attrocities, and difficulties of living through World War II, and going into hiding as a Jew during that time period.  I was dissapointed.
0385340567|1.0|I've read and thoroughly enjoyed every Jack Reacher novel.  I ordered \\"Nothing To Lose\\" weeks before its release, and welcomed its arrival.  It was a big disappointment.      I'm sad to report that Lee Child has contracted the David Baldacci Syndrome.  It's a malady, that turned me off to Baldacci a year or so ago, that some successful suspense writers catch after they've reach a level of success whereby their successive works are eagerly awaited by loyal readers. The symptom occurs when the authors begins to vent their own geo-political views through the mouths of their lead fictional characters.      It starts on p. 273 where Reacher says, \\"Because deep down to the army a wounded soldier that can't fight anymore is garbage.  So we depend only civilians, and civilians don't care either.\\"  I know that to not necessarily to be the case, although there are certainly individual cases where reasonable people feel that way.  My initial reaction was - well, that's interesting.  Perhaps Childs has been watching BBC and reading The Guardian too much.  I kept reading.    The sub-theme, wherein Child vents his frustration with the Iraq War, the military, and the government, continues to be intermittently expressed though the mouth of JR.   The book has 407 pages.  At page 354, I'd had enough, closed it up, and put it down for good.  I neither know nor cared how ends, although in a sub-religion theme I think I saw it coming.  Fifty pages short of the end, Child had made his primary point.  The JR storyline was merely the vehicle.     I read suspense novels (e.g., Vince Flynn, Michael Connelly) to escape - not to be indoctrinated by a fiction writer.       The JR character has about reached his shelf life limit anyway. A guy his age is becoming ill-equipped to fist fight several large men at once.  But if there is, as advertised, another JR novel coming out - count me out.
B000P12LWY|5.0|This dvd arrived on time and will be used as a July 3 birthday gift for my 33 year old daughter who will be recovering from surgery.
0805079831|5.0|It's the economy, stupid.    Do you have any idea of how much terror represents as a business?. Well, I didn't. After the economic \\"e-bubble\\" ended some years ago, the option at hand to push the economy was terror...     In this latest, well documented N. Klein's book, beginning in Montreal with the CIA's mind experiments back in the 50's, you'll be taken by the hand in tour from the University of Chicago campus to Buenos Aires, Santiago, La Paz, Caracas, New Orleans, New York, Beirut, Tel Aviv, etc. and to practically every place on Earth, that from those days, has represented an opportunity to put into practice what the author calls the \\"destruction capitalism\\" practices or M. Friedman's ideas on how to end (once and for all) with keynisian economics in the world, thanks to natural or man's created catastrophes.    An interesting interpretation to the most significant economic, political, social, cultural, etc. events in our world for the past 50 or 60 years... and a brilliant analogy between 1950's CIA's attempts to \\"erase\\" the mind of individuals to \\"recreate it\\" and attempts to \\"shock\\" economic systems to profit out of them...    Also shocking is Klein's disclosure of Latin America as an \\"economic shocking therapy\\" laboratory beginning with Chile's coup / Allende's killing back in '73.    Then, I found particularly fascinating Klein's explanation on the consequences (political and economic) of the Berlin's wall fall back in '89 (trust me, it's nothing to do with what thought you knew).    The upcoming described world, is to say the least, scary as hell. A kind of \\"Big Brother\\" world divided by walls, monitored by state of the art devices, and most of all, composed of very rich and very poor people... being only the first the ones who can pay for efficient healthcare, security, decent food, etc.    You cannot miss this book.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|To begin with I was born in 1951 and came of age listening to soul music from motown and others. So I have a soft spot for soul.  I love this album. I have listened to it over and over since my recent purchase. The first time I listened I really felt drawn back to the 60's with a little 21st century tossed in. Who is this girl and who is writing these songs? This is a terrific soul album. I have the Joss Stone albums and Amy Winehouse's Back To Black of this English neo soul movement. I like both of them and love them in spots but neither has the beginning to end attraction of this album. The music is smooth, vocals are clear, emotional, stunning. The beats make you want to move your body the way the old soul music did (and still does).  But don't let it stop at soul this is a great pop album I think most people will enjoy it. I listen to it over and over the way I did with Norah Jones's first (not that I am comparing the two musically) and I enjoy it more with each listen.
B0014I4KIK|3.0|There's an excellent layered warmth to the studio production of all of these tracks. Sorry but I am less impressed by the deeply boring lyrics. Warwick Avenue is easily the best track with its sustained melody and great closing moments. Problem is -- Duffy is a young woman and it shows repeatedly in the teenage-genre lyrics. Her singing is capable but a bit too high register for the material. Folks should check out Dusty Springfield's music if they are giving Duffy 5 stars -- Dusty's husky sexy singing voice can sing circles around Duffy's.
B0014BECF8|5.0|If you love George Michael this is the CD for you. It has all of his wonderful songs and some duets. A great 2-CD set. A love-fest.
0316143472|1.0|I purchased this based on the reviews. I thought it would be a collection of humorous short stories. I was wrong, I have still not gotten the urge to chuckle for any of the stories...... A waste of money. Try reading Tim Cahill for some good adventurous short stories that WILL make you laugh.
0517543052|5.0|Ram Dass (Richard Alpert) did this book right. In a time of soul searching he was an LSD using engineer turned hippie who went to India in search of a Guru. He found a really good one. The book is in 3 parts. The first is Ram Dass's egocentric story of his prespirit life. You can tell the the middle part, the path, was not his by the contrast. The Path is a great explaination of the Hindu world. The third part is a how to and where to go section. I loved this book and gave several as gifts. His future books are not as good and to me even go down from one to the next. He definately shanneled inspiration and tried to reproduce it.
B0014XCMVM|2.0|I wanted to like it. I've been hoping Alanis would return to her old style, the more angry one. The Jagged Little Pill days were my favorite. However, this album just seemed way too digital. It's the only word that well describes it. The drums, instruments, bass, everything sounds produced... not real. It's like going back to the days of progressive dance music. It sounds like club music, not techno but something you might hear in a club. Don't know what she was thinking but I only like two songs off this album. The rest I hate. It's like a bad attempt at copying bands like Kidneythieves or Curve.
B00005O3VC|3.0|Overall a very good movie but given the passing of time, some parts could have taken us further. The classic horseless riders, coconut clapping grooms, and the British versus French humor are truly timeless. However, the scene with the animation seems in retrospect, a little out of place and the political satire has so much more room for enhancement now. The ending always leaves me a little disappointed and I wonder if they just ran out of ideas on how to end the show? Overall - some good laughter and some very funny scenes. If you have never seen the movie or have forgotten the bits and pieces, it is well worth the price.
1416550518|5.0|THE HOUSE AT RIVERTON IS AN ENTERTAINING AND HARD TO PUT DOWN READ  i THINK ONE REVIEWER WAS CONFUSED AND WROTE THAT THE NAME WAS THE SHIFTING FOG, BUT IT IS NOT  THIS BOOK WAS ON THE BEST SELLER LIST IN LONDON FOR 1 YEAR, BUT HERE IN USA IT WILL HAVE TO BE BY WORD OF MOUTH.  BUY THE BOOK AND ENJOY
B00177Y9ZC|5.0|This movie exceeded my expectations on entertainment.  I love a good sci-fi that's well done and the concept and execution of this film were great.  It was fast paced and well traveled.  I really enjoyed the \\"jumper\\" and \\"paladin\\" concepts.  If you are simply looking to be entertained and you enjoy sci-fi action then look no further.
B00006DEF9|5.0|This movie isn't just a masterpiece, it is lots of fun to watch.  It is really enjoyable.  The songs are wonderful.  The story is amusing, and the dancing is infectious.  The actors seem to be having so much fun, the audience just can't resist.  If you love movies, you can't miss Singin' In The Rain.  It's just wonderful.  The extras are great on this DVD.  The commentary is one of the best I've ever listened to.  Just plain buy this DVD.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|David Lynch has consistently been one of my favorite filmmakers.  He doesn't work often, but when he does it's an event.  No other major filmmaker has been able to so exquisitely expose to us his very subconscious in such frightening, arresting ways.  \\"Inland Empire\\" is now the third straight Lynch film -- after \\"Lost Highway\\" and \\"Mulholland Drive\\" -- to explore a similar subject in a similar style.  All three films appear to be about guilt fracturing a person's personality.<br /><br />Visually, this may be Lynch's best film.  Playing around with his little digital camera, Lynch creates stunning, scary, skin-crawling images that will leave you totally unnerved.  Actors' faces pushed close into wide-angle lenses, Edward Hopper-esque still settings of the \\"bunny family,\\" actors leaning into still shots from out of frame, light and shadow and noise used to completely shock your senses.  \\"Inland Empire\\" is an atmospheric feast.<br /><br />With all the gimmicky, dumb horror movies out there -- with their killers and ghouls and other nonsense -- here was a movie that, simply with visual and auditory style, scared the hell out of me.<br /><br />With a Lynch movie, people always want to know if it really makes sense in the end.  Does \\"Inland Empire\\"?  I don't know.  I'll admit I'm not sure how all the threads fit together.  But who cares?  I don't think you have to understand every component of a Lynch film to enjoy it.  \\"Inland Empire,\\" to me, is a stygian nightmare vision -- paranoia, the subconscious, fear, jealousy all alight across the screen.<br /><br />Forget about making sense of this movie and instead enjoy Lynch's showmanship -- the lighting, the camera work, the soundtrack -- and the incredible performances he receives, especially from Laura Dern and Julia Ormond.<br /><br />\\"Inland Empire\\" is another brilliant glimpse into Lynch's mind.
0805079831|5.0|that it is almost predictive. If you look at how the Republicans responded to the floods in Iowa, this book is perfectly predictive. Thank you, Naomi Klein.
B00008DDRX|4.0|As a Porsche owner I really enjoyed this movie. The racing scenes are amazing for the vintage of the film. Steve McQueen's acting is, well, Steve McQueen, but he drives like a pro.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|Allrighty, I am listening to NOSTRADAMUS in its entirety for the third time now. So I figured I'd post some feedback on it, not necessarily a full review because I plan to keep on spinnin' the discs, so to speak!    I will say this at first: wow, sooooo much material to absorb, and I agree that honestly, no criticism can really be wholly valid until you've had a coupla weeks with this monster of rock, so to speak...    I have followed Halford through all his music changes, and I remember how shocked I was when he switched gears from JP PAINKILLER to FIGHT...seeing 'NAILED TO THE GUN' on MTV in the video form before it was released REALLY threw me...the stylistic change and all...I was like...\\"no way, is THAT Rob Halford?!?!\\" Over time, the song grew on me as a fave, and of course, the whole FIGHT WAR OF WORDS album is the epitome, the peak, of 90's metal for most. It is THE album that cannot be beat.    Now with TWO, whew, took some getting used to but enjoyed that immensely, but what helped there was I was already a NIN fan as well, so I understood the whole industrial pop aspect.    I was ecstatic to see the turn back to metal with the HALFORD releases, of course. I thought ANGEL OF RETRIBUTION was a great release for a Priest reunion (and quite honestly, I enjoyed JUGULATOR to death---that was a SHREDDING album and I thought RIPPER was awesome on it, A-Z. However, DEMOLITION did NOT seem to work that well for me, despite a few good songs on there)...     AOR had just about every era of Priest represented, so I don't think you could've had a \\"safer\\" record where portions of it pleased fans from about every era. Even LOCH NESS grew on me over time, I still listen to it today. It's moody, lengthy, but through great craftsmanship of the artists, paints a spectacular monster movie in your mind if you let it...    With that background, my first listen to NOSTRADAMUS through earphones was a LETDOWN for some reason...No songs really stood out and it seemed there was no metal at all in it. I have to admit, it was late and I was tired. While I didn't HATE the material in any way, shape, or form, it just...didn't seem like Priest. Almost like \\"imposter\\" music, and so much of it.    Okay, so I let it sit. Sometimes, first listens to albums, especially long-form ones or experimental albums, can cloud your judgment. I'm used to this with NIN, for instance, WITH TEETH...first time I heard it, there was like one song I liked. Gave it five or six weeks and tried again...suddenly EVERY song clicked and I \\"got it.\\"     So...trying NOSTRADAMUS again, this time through speakers and I began to see...to FEEL...what Priest was trying to convey. Yes indeed, the METAL is there, you just have to absorb everything and not be in an all-fire rush to be ASSAULTED FULL ON by the metal attacks like say, in the FIGHT era, which I love so much.    NOSTRADAMUS works, and works well. It's slow. Building. Moody. Variable. Experimental. Layered. Passionate. Sprawling. EPIC.    And INCREDIBLE. Seriously, by the end of listen # 2, I was starting to see the light. And now, with a third spin, I am loving the whole thing even more. Halford's vox are incredible, no, there's not the shredding screams some of us love from the HALFORD/FIGHT era, but then I realized...heck, you can't have that EVERY time and if you WANT that, the material is available, new and old, any time you want it (right here on this site, for cryin' out loud!).    I feel...the artists...spreading their wings passionately, trying to give us something new, something good, if we have the hearts and minds open enough to accept what it is.    Halford's singing on NOSTRADAMUS is in top form, so \\"in character\\" for every tune, listeners who pointed out that he is almost a \\"method actor\\" during each song are right on the money. There is no question he has put his all into every cut on this album.    The music is a spiraling journey of emotion, using guitars and synths and strings and so many other variationsto excellent effect. Let the emotions take you...I think many listeners are waiting to be assaulted by a metal attack exclusively, and that is not the intent of this album. There ARE metal attacks here, so let the JP boys take you on their journey of ups and downs, highs and lows, quiet parts and mood, then back up into the screaming mayhem again! It's all there, and SO MUCH more.    Each time I listen to this masterpiece as a whole, I come away with more and more, seeing and feeling how much work and effort, blood, sweat, and tears that JP put into this.     So I would URGE listeners who don't connect with the material right away to keep on listening. WAIT a day or two...put it on again. Put some expectations aside.    If you want to be simply assaulted by metal, put on some shreddin' FIGHT era songs for a while, or PAINKILLER. No problem with enjoying that again. But then, when you're in a more open mood...(I did this after the first listen, had to get an assault of the new remix of BENEATH THE VIOLENCE...)    ...come back to the material.    You may well be VERY surprised, as I was.    Suddenly the journey made more sense, and now, I am hearing so many new things with it all.     Everything in a traditional Priest album is here- the shrills, the screams and high notes, the twin guitar attacks, the ballads, the anger, the emotion. It's just spread out more through a longer running time with varied music interludes that keep everything rolling.     As you listen to the album in its entirety many times, it goes faster, actually seeming shorter and shorter, making you crave for more! That is an amazing feat and I think Priest realized this, for fans that were open and ready for something new along with the old, this would happen. Hence, they made the right decision releasing this in such a long version.    As for the songs themselves, there's only two or three that pertain directly to Nostradamus and nothing else. What's so grandiose and epic about ALL the other tunes is that they are NOT locked into Nostradamus per se even though, they are, of course. You can interpret the lyrics and apply them to modern times or even your own life, as the best of songs (in any genre) do. That in itself is an achievement, making a concept album that works on two separate levels like that- to tell a story about a person and make it so reflective that we, as human beings, can relate to it personally as well.    Right now, I don't have a favorite song, I really am loving...and absorbing...the full journey of the album. It's everything Halford and Priest and even so much more, if you let it be.    Is it the best PRIEST album? Unknown right now. It definitely ranks high up there, but only the test of time will tell on that aspect. I am enjoying it immensely and finding new joy from this work every time I listen to it.    But honestly, it all works, and change is good if the listener gives it a chance. I understand the naysayers, but man, I strongly urge you to give it another chance when emotions of \\"disappointment\\" aren't running so high.     You might \\"see\\" and \\"feel\\" the vision that Halford and Priest want to reveal to you.    Bottom line: this bad boy epic takes some time to digest. Ya gotta chew it a while, savoring the tastes and textures slowly. You can't just wolf it down like a Big Mac and get the immediate fullness you crave.     So there we go, I really, really, really am enjoying this metal opera masterpiece...it's an incredible accomplishment by artists who refuse to play it safe and continue to grow, even as they continue to deliver the metal goods, if you're bold enough to let them take you on this journey.    Nuff said. Time to get back to the album, and my verdict is it's A WINNER, if you just give it a chance.
B000QYBB6M|5.0|This book, set in Botswana, opens up the world of the lady detecitve, her friend and the countryside.  A really fun read that brings the characters to life and pulls you in from the first page.  Read it and love it.
B0015XHP4K|4.0|As a fan of the movies, I was geeked to get this box set. The movies look great! My only let down was the lack of blu-ray extras. Blu-ray has been touted as this medium that can hold so much info...yet there seems to be not too many blu-rays with loads of features. Anyhow, if you are a fan of the series, pick it up. The price is right.
1592642195|5.0|The Misremembered Man is a charming yet harsh portrait of Ireland and some of it's characters, mainly a man and a woman whose younger lives  shared a common bond, oppression. This tale is engrossing although a wee syrupy at times, and here and there are touches of humor that are in sharp contrast to the lives of these two people. The author builds the characters well, then plops them in the middle of life in the small towns of Ireland. You might feel the final chapters will bring a heartwarming predictable ending that you hoped would happen, but the writer surprises you....worth the time to curl up on a comfortable sofa and read the day away.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|This is an excellent movie!  I would recommend everyone to have this in their Disney DVD collection. There are so many funny parts in the movie. The animation was simply dazzling; every scene looks so real and detailed.  As for the story line, you won't be disappointed.  Ratatouille is one of the year's best movies for families. The animation is wonderful and the story is rich and interesting... This is one movie along with a couple others that my children ask to watch each day.
0385338724|5.0|I see that Sophie's latest has inspired quite a few readers to pen reviews. That's cool.<br />I won't bother with rehashing plot points, since other reviewers have covered that.<br />Sophie Kinsella has written a very enjoyable, very entertaining novel. Very \\"readable\\".<br />Has this plot been done before. Oh sure. Did I know before things happened that they were going to? A couple of times, yes. But, Sophie writes with such a breezy flair. I don't mean breezy as in light-weight. But flowing, readable prose. She never loses pacing. The story builds and flows to a smile-inducing conclusion. Her main characters are usually flawed, but lovable. I enjoy that. Their flaws are such, I don't know, recognizable human frailties/quirks that you can identify with the characters dilemmas.<br />I feel sure a great many readers can identify with the learning curves that come with relationships. Friends, family, lovers. Kinsella's  humor is always the laugh out loud while reading sort. A very satisfying book.
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|Donna Summer Crayons starts with a hit n run (Stamp Your Feet) a wonderful song about not giving up. This is a feel good song with a punch. This is a sure fire hit, with all the beat you need to dance and stay inspired all day. The whole cd is very versitile from up tempo to a southern sound on (Slide Over Backwards) as only Tina Turner could sing untill now.Crayons is another favorite fun Reggae makes you wanna dance and celebrate life\\"s diversity of all people on our planet.This Mega hit features Ziggy Marley, love it love it love it and you will too.   I\\"m a fire is like some of Donna Summers great past magical hits with a added 2000 latin sound. This song gets under your skin and wont let go WOW.The ballads on this cd are beautiful, such as (Be Myself Again,Bring Down The Reign). The songs Fame,Music and The Queen is Back rivals any new artist out there.Then there is Drivin Down Brazil, this refreshing song makes you wanna get in your converatble and go for a spin in the sun and fun.This cd will have you dancing,singing along and wanting to hear it again. You will enjoy this cd I do very much reccomend it Buy it. Dear Donna, we met several years ago in Los Angeles,you\\"ve done it again. You have a Mega hit cd, and yes The Queen is Back.   Homero Vela
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|All that needs to be said about Viva La Vida, is that it's a very good album. Not great like Parachutes, but very good indeed. Do not listen to the people bashing, they probably still  listen to Flock of Seagulls!!
B00003CXPJ|4.0|With preening self-importance and pouty narcissism already baked into the industry's DNA - torturing couture fashion almost certainly lacks good sportsmanship. Fashion has always been a satirists Piata party so I was pleased that Zoolander went well beyond the clichd \\"dumb model\\" premise to focus on the countless small affectations that make fashionistas well, fashionistas.     From the first scene where the shadowed, dimly recognizable outlines of fashion icons Karl Lagerfeld, Anna Wintour and Donna Karan conspire to assassinate the Malaysian prime minister (whose new government threatens to outlaw clothing sweatshops) it is clear that the producers will gore every detail in the search for gut-busting comedy. Yes, Ben Stiller (Zoolander) and Owen Wilson (Hansel) are terrific as the vacuous supermodel savants who become unwittingly enlisted in the assassination plot - but, it is Will Ferrell and Ben's father, Jerry Stiller who steal the show. As an actor, Ferrell's trademark has been a glowering self-absorption that makes even his bad films worth the effort. As fashion-scion, \\"Mugatu\\" (\\"a defrocked member of `80s club band, Frankie Goes To Hollywood and inventor of the piano tie.\\") he is clearly at the top of his game and caused more than one of my friends to spit their drinks when he appeared on screen. His performance is classic and alone justifies the cost of the DVD. Finally, there's Jerry Stiller - wrapped in a designer jogging suit and 50 years of borscht belt shtick - Jerry's turn as \\"Balls\\" Model Agency Owner, Maury Ballstein is so Catskills lowbrow that not laughing is virtually impossible.     Escapist fun - highly recommended.
B000000WFZ|5.0|I agree that this is probably the very best movie soundtrack ever.  Twenty years after I first heard it, I still love it.  An amazing achievement that stands alone, but is even more moving after watching the movie.
B000I2MRHE|1.0|My daughter has had trouble with her \\"tummy time\\" since day one.  She always cries whenever I try to put her on her tummy.  I thought that if I could make it fun for her, that she might begin to enjoy herself.  I received this product, and from her first try until her 10th try she absolutely hated it.  She kept reaching down and grabbing at the mat, this prevented her from using her hands to push herself around in a circle.  I think that laying on that swivel hurt her stomach, too.  I gave it away just a couple weeks after receiving it.  It didn't work for my daughter, but it might work for someone else's.
B000002C25|4.0|Man I have to tell you people that you are way to harsh. This album is almost the best Oasis ever. If it wasn't for My Big Mouth and maybey I Hope I Think I Know. Other than that it is great. The song Magic Pie has to be my favorite Oasis song it is mesmorizing. The line, \\"those who don't say what they mean live and die by there own sword\\" is a great lyric. Listen to it good and well and you will love it. If you like rock of coarse.
0140557741|5.0|I use the book ZOOM as a way to show business leaders how their perspectives  can change realities.  Because it's so affordable, I buy the book in bulk and send it out with personal notes after business leadership classes to help reinforce the training's overall messages on perspective.  If you lead people, add ZOOM to your business library - it's fun, easy to understand, and very transferable to the adult learning environment.
1932100660|5.0|\\"China Study\\" gave me extremely important and necessary information about nutrition. It explained clearly and logically the link between nutrition and certain diseases. It also explained the way scientific studies are designed, and how science is often influenced by politics, which affects the set up of the experiments, as well as published results. To me, this book proved to be invaluable guide in creating a healthy diet for me and my family.
B000A42QIU|5.0|Very remains one of the best PSB albums of all time, a complete document from start to finish. Beyond the hits (I Wouldn't Normally Do This Kind of Thing, Can You Forgive Her?), what distinguishes this album is how all the songs are so lyrically and musically well developed. Layers and layers of interesting synths reveal more upon repeated listenings, and so, for instance the accumulation of videogame noises in \\"Young Offender\\" become, in themselves, a statement about the contrast between youth and an older man's coming out. Moreover, in the final two songs, One in a Million, and their exuberant (for them) cover of Go West, OSB shed the \\"cheerful depressives\\" image long enough to simply sound upbeat and positive. But for my money the sardonic, knowing gem on this album is \\"Yesterday, When I Was Mad\\" which shows a level of self awareness and self parody few acts can equal (\\"And someone said 'it's fabulous you're still around today... you've both made such a little go a very long way.'\\"). Very.
0765315246|3.0|Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed \\"Old Man's War\\".  But I enjoyed it more when it was called \\"[[ASIN:0441783589 Starship Troopers]]\\" or \\"[[ASIN:0060510862 The Forever War]]\\".  Scalzi's book is well written and has a few fun ideas like the BrainPal and SmartBlood and the Ghost Brigades, but in the end it is very derivative of the above mentioned sources (as well as the movie version of [[ASIN:B000OVLBHG Starship Troopers]]).  John Perry is an interesting character, but the reality is that he doesn't really change much through the course of the book, and in the end he doesn't seem that moved one way or another by the prospect of losing his resurrected wife from his former life.  The novel is good on plot, well-paced and solidly written.  It suffers from soft characterizations and a lack of originality.  If you're going to give us this type of book, give us characters we care about or don't bother.
0810945797|4.0|This book does a great job of enhancing the experience of watching The Dark Crystal. Objects that are only seen for an instant or merely in the background are explained in detail in this beautiful collection. My only complaint? There's lots of white space on some of the pages, which makes it feel like less of a guide to an ancient world and more like a textbook.    Even so, highly recommended for fans of the movie, faerie stuff in general, or just great artwork.
B0018QCXH8|1.0|This is one of the WORST movies I have ever seen.  After all the hype on it, I spent $20 to buy it.  I have never been so disappointed in my life.  Boring, boring, boring.  A product of movie industry hype.  Don't waste your time!
B0010X745K|1.0|This movie started out with serious potential.  That is up until they get stuck in the grocery store.  The schizophrenic psychotic so called christian really bothered me?  Hollywood, give me a break.  The majority of the movie is about mob mentality.  The ending is the worst I've ever seen in a movie.  After all they went through they run out of gas and then give up within 5 mins?!  Seriously?  Give me a break.  Why exactly didn't they atleast try to stop and get gas?  Painkillers in the pharmacy was worth the hastle, but not gas..
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|This album is a good album.  There are enough reviews regarding the music that I'll skip that here.  I give this CD 4 stars for music, but MINUS 1 star for packaging, etc...  Here's why:    It's very frustrating to me how the big studios put so little effort into producing CDs these days.  Considering how much hype this album has gotten via television commercials etc... (and how much money they have spent on these commercials) is it too much to ask that:    A) they use CD-text when making the CD?  How much time are we really talking about to add CD-text to the CD?  Maybe 30 mins to an hour of someone's time to type in the track info.  If you pay an intern, that's like $[...] cost for the entire Album (not PER CD...overall).  If you pay a higher-end employee, perhaps it costs $[...] (again not PER CD...overall)?    B) they give us the CD in a Jewel case, or at least a real Digi-pak?  The cardboard sleeve it comes in will end up scratching the CD over time, and it's a hassle to get your CD out.    Studios [...] and complain about CD piracy, etc...yet they go out of their way to give the paying customer as little as possible for their money.  You're better of making a copy of the CD, because then at least you could add your CD-text to the album and get track info when you pop it into your car stereo (assuming your Car's CD player supports it - most do nowadays).
B000YAA68C|4.0|I found PS I Love you to be sad and happy at the same time.  Loved the back-flashes that seemed to fill in the blanks in a timely manner.  Gerard Butler and Hillary Swank made a good pair.  Too bad we didn't get to see more of Butler.  Worth the purchase.
0670020745|5.0|What a great book! I highly recommend this book. This book help educate me on what the effects of stoke can have on someone, and also emphasized the importance of how the right side of the brain has to do with enlightenment. Jill is an excellent writer and scientist!
B0018OAPAW|4.0|The Offspring are back.  After two sub-par albums the SoCal punk legends have made a solid album filled with diverse tracks.  Tracks like Half-Truism and Trust in You will remind fans of the tracks from their 1994 hit album Smash, tracks like You're Gonna Go Far Kid and Stuff is Messed Up will have you singing along, and A Lot Like Me and Fix You provide a sound that we've never heard before from the band.  There are a few weak tracks such as Nothingtown and Rise & Fall (which seems ripped off of American Idiot), but overall this album, which is 44 minutes long is well worth the money    Best Tracks:  Half-Truism  Trust In You  Hammerhead  You're Gonna Go Far Kid  A Lot Like Me
B000QFCD5O|3.0|I purchased Fantsia Live in Tokyo double CD mainly because have a few albums on Vinyl of King Krimsom & Yes and Steve Howe has a reputation for being an excellent guitarist so bought Asia's first CD in Years Phoenix & wasn't disappointed and as for Fantasia Live in Tokyo Good if you're a fan 3 and a half out of 5 .
B000001F9E|4.0|This album was the first one Thin Lizzy album I heard in my life, and this was almost 25 years ago. It's a great album and still fresh and exciting. I enjoy it very much.
B0018OAPAW|3.0|Just going to echo some already-voiced sentiments. I grew up in the 90s, and The Offspring was inextricably intertwined with my coming of age. Ignition, Smash, and Ixnay were albums I would thrust upon any friend that had the (mis)fortune of broaching the subject of good bands with me.    As has been noted, those days are -- for better or worse -- over.    Americana was a disappointment, but a long-time fan could still extract the vestiges of greatness. Conspiracy was a second, heartbreaking, disappointment; one really had to stretch to find any of the formerly-extant greatness in this album. Splinter pretty much solidified for me that there was no looking back.    This album continues the streak of disappointment. At this point I'm pretty much giving The Offspring back-pay for a REALLY good 6-7 year stretch. Once again to reiterate what's been said: the first half of this album is solid -- not incredible or earth-shattering, but solid. The second half is just breathtaking in how disappointing it is. There's one song in particular -- and it's not Rise and Fall -- that sounds EXACTLY like a recently released Green Day song, which -- when I arrived at it -- confirmed for me my initial fears.    Three stars for this, and that's being generous.
0307387178|4.0|I loved this story, and finished it in one sitting. How many of us ever dream of just dropping everything and going off, exploring nature and taking in the landscape around us, instead of the steady day to day rat race of life? I grew up into the area that Chris did, and can understand the pressures of competition, the hassle, and the need to just crawl inside yourself for awhile and be alone.  My only irritation with this story was the fact that the author cut in with his own. I see the author trying to compare his experiences in understanding Chris's thought process, but it was a deviation most distracting. It made things feel out of order and even took some of the punch out of the ending. I didn't feel the need of the authors interruptions and musings.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|I don't know why, but for some reason I expected this album to not be good. And when I listened to it the first time through, it confirmed my view. But I gave Offspring the benefit of the doubt, and I really like this album now. I think a couple of factors led me to initially not want to like it. First, most of my 90's bands have been making sub par albums lately. Bands like Pearl Jam, Foo Fighters, etc have put out albums though while okay, are not up to the same quality of their earlier releases. Also, the last time Offspring released an album was 2003. I didn't even find out about this new album until a week before it was released. I think for some fans, that long a wait brings higher than normal expectations. Kind of the theory that if it took them so long, it should be reflected in the album and the album should be amazing. Also, my music tastes have changed. I love the Offspring, but other than Ixnay and an occasional Mp3, I haven't really listened to an Offspring album for a while now. Sort of the out of ear out of mind phenomenon. My music pursuits have been about finding new bands that can remind me of some good 90's rock music, but are still fresh and not tired like most rock groups getting the major airplay today.     So with all of this convoluted stuff going on in my head, I sort of gave up on expecting an album from the Offspring anytime soon. So when the album did come, for those reasons I guess I just expected that it wouldn't be that great of an album. But then I sat down and actually listened to it. And I have to say it's a good album. It reminds me of Smash, but sounds more like Splinter. Not a bad combination in my opinion. So I guess all I can say is just listen to the damn thing! No it's not Ixnay on the Hombre or Smash. But it's not Americana either. It's a solid album from a group I should have known better than to expect a sub par album from. I can keep Offspring on my list of old 90's bands that still make good music.     Favorite Tracks:Half Truism  A Lot Like Me  Nothingtown (cheesy but I still like it)  Hammerhead  Trust In You (they ripped off Smash! Good song though)  Rise and Fall
B0017U7PT6|4.0|It seems the previews of this film made the viewers think they where going to see a National Geographic masterpiece....and granted if you went in thinking this you probably left disappointed. This film has great backdrops and spectacular vistas. The acting is....well, the less said the better, probably closer to Fred and Barney than Pacino and De Niro....but for what the film was trying for, I say they pulled it off. I'd also recommend<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000Q6GX5Y 300 [Blu-ray]]]<br /><br />and when available<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00168OINA Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull [Blu-ray]]]
B00005ASHM|5.0|Most, and most likely all, of the people who don't like The Beach Boys' classic, [[ASIN:B000002UDV Pet Sounds]] (1966), just don't like The Beach Boys. If you don't like the beach, you're not gonna like surfing.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000002UDV Pet Sounds]] is actually quite a remarkable piece of of work. Introspective and deeply personal, the songs are about life, love and yearning, not surfing and hot rodding on the strip. The album is a symphony of sophisticated chord changes, wistful melodies, sweet vocal harmonies, and reflective lyrics of love and longing. The true genius of Brian Wilson realized.<br /><br />The classic Beach Boys sound isn't completely lost here, and it's especially highlighted in the album's first song, Wouldn't It Be Nice and in the sailor's boisterous lament, Sloop John B, but mostly the atmosphere on [[ASIN:B0000259CP Pet Sounds]] isn't the usual fun day at the beach. It's quiet, thoughtful and lonely.<br /><br />Sometimes I feel so very sad<br />And I guess I just wasn't made for these times<br /><br />Considering this was released in 1966, it's an amazing accomplishment. Sir Paul McCartney praised the album by saying, \\"No one is educated musically until they've heard Pet Sounds...It is a total, classic record that is unbeatable in many ways.\\"<br /><br />There is another dimension to [[ASIN:B000002UDV Pet Sounds]] that's evident to people who were around in 1966 and remember listening to the album when it was first released. The loss of innocence. The world was changing fast in the 1960s, and The Beach Boys represented good, clean and carefree fun to a lot of people. The melancholy spirit of many of the songs on [[ASIN:B000002UDV Pet Sounds]] seemed to be sadly saying goodbye to the endless summer of innocence in America. And in many ways, it actually did.<br /><br />Could I ever find in you again<br />Things that made me love you so much then?<br />Could we ever bring 'em back once they have gone?<br />Oh, Caroline no
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|I was a little wary to watch this movie because I'd heard a few negative things about it.  Nonetheless I kept an open mind and I am glad I did -- this movie is actually very good.  Cleverly shot (think Blair Witch on steroids, but not so dramatic that it distracts), it also adeptly delves into the emotions of all the characters.  I wasn't frightened so much as I was tense, and also invested in the fate of all involved. Above all else, it was a touching story.<br /><br />I recommend this movie.  And if you've heard anything negative about it like I had, forget about it -- you'll be pleasantly surprised.
069111966X|5.0|Every teacher and parent should read this book.  Every person interested in problem solving should also read it.    This book is not just about mathematical methods, mathematical problem solving, or teaching mathematics.  It is about solving problems.  It presents concrete methods (or heuristics) and illustrates by guiding the reader using these methods through clear and cogent examples.      The problem solving insight this book provides is extremely useful.  It is about how to go about solving a problem.  There are many different ways to approach a difficult problem and often in complex problem solving one does not know where to begin to even think about the problem.    I recall Andrew Wiles, the mathematician who proved Fermat's Last Theorem (a very famous, long-lasting, and seemingly unproven theorem - unproven for centuries), discussed how during his initial work on the problem, work which ultimately took Wiles about seven years to figure out how to prove, and then to go ahead and prove the theorem, had to study problem solving methodologies just to know how to approach the problem.  He needed to learn how to attack the problem - where to begin.    This book is great for learning the different approaches to problem solving.  One method discussed in detail is to work similar problems or simpler problems that are similar to the main problem.  This allows one to start gauge the issues surrounding the problem and the assist the mind in thinking about the problem and its boundaries.      Anyone interested in becoming a better problem solver, a better teacher, or a parent trying to teach or help their children learn mathematics or science (or to help them with their homework - but to do so by teaching advanced problem solving methods implicitly), then this book is for you.  It is not a difficult book and you do not have to be an expert in mathematics or mathematically inclined.
B00168OINA|5.0|A little older and a little wiser but Indiana Jones none the less. This is the newest installment for the beloved archeologist......and what an adventure it is. Indy goes globe trotting in search of his old friends and reunites with his old fling....finding a new protege to guide through life all while tracking down the crystal skulls of E.T. Phew.....I'm out of breath. If this is the last Indy film then what a treat it was....but with the featured shot of Indy's hat, I think there just might be one or two more. I'd also recommend<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000Q6GX5Y 300 [Blu-ray]]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0017U7PT6 10,000 B.C. [Blu-ray]]]
B000050FEN|5.0|Amazing that this thriller is now 13 years old!<br /><br />I happened upon \\"Se7en\\" tonight while flipping through the channels and thought what a classic, I should post a review on it!<br /><br />There are over 500 reviews here for the movie, so you don't need me telling you the storyline.<br /><br />If by some chance, you have not seen \\"Se7en\\", definitely check it out. Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt are absolutely excellent in this very dark thriller.<br /><br />A top 100 movie of all time!
B000XPU5NY|5.0|the cd was in the exact condition as stated in the description! great service and great product!
B000FZEQS2|5.0|This film has excellent examples of the psychological dimensions of clandestine case officers. I particular like the training sequences.  The focus on people skills, psychology, etc.  I believe a British spy television program revealed that the one training exercise in which Brad Pitt (the trainee) has to get invited onto an apartment owner's balcony with the owner present and give a toast to Redford (the trainer) down below within minutes/seconds, was inspired from Mossad's officer training program.    The movie is action packed and is very \\"smart\\" and \\"sharp\\" and I highly recommend it.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|This movie was, a masterful and faithful rendition of that epic battle at the Hot Gates. Some people say that this was not accurate, it was too cartoony, but I say brilliant. Short of the National Geographic specials, this is the best telling of the Battle of Thermopylae. I loved it. I'd also recommend<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0017U7PT6 10,000 B.C. [Blu-ray]]]<br /><br />and when available<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00168OINA Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull [Blu-ray]]]
0061139378|4.0|It's Coraline, not Caroline. That's Coraline's problem. no one gets her name right. It's boring glum in her old flat apartment.You'd think crazy Mr. Bobo who is raising a mice circus would keep her busy since her parents have no time for her. One day Coraline finds a door to a world almost congruent to her own. Every thing is alike from her Dad's office to her great grandma's junk packed room, When a women with paper white skin and button eyes in this world seems to \\"love\\" Coraline. So maybe if this women is crazy enough to knit buttons in her head, she's crazy enough to try and win Coraline's love by smashing the whole world together. Worse, she takes her anger of failing outon her right hand. Will Coraline escape while her blood still flows?
B000F6IOC0|5.0|For all the underworld fans out there...this is a great movie to watch and have for your own.  I loved this movie and I'd recommend it very highly.  It has great special effects.
B00005JN2Z|5.0|This movie is about a man of action who meets a man of thinking and what happens when the two meet and interact with each other and thus learn from and change each other.  It is my belief that the movie shows the psychological make-up of each person and how this produces collateral effects - in the structure and make-up of their own lives, as well as in each character's interactions with others.      The character played by Jamie Foxx is all thought and no action.  This is impacting his life, the life of the people he comes into contact with on the streets of LA, and his relationship with his family (grandmother).  He analyzes everything and never acts.  He is paralyzed by his analysis (like the saying analysis paralysis). He doesn't take action.    The character played by Tom Cruise is all action and no thinking.  He hasn't thought about the impact his job is having on other people.  He doesn't care.  He just executes his assigned missions.  He doesn't even assign his own missions, or stated differently, he doesn't even direct his own life - he just takes orders.  He is like a robot.  He is like a machine and not a thinking human. He just acts.  He hasn't really even thought about what he is doing with his life.  He doesn't care. He doesn't think.      When the two meet, they collide. They change each other.  This change in each other changes other people as well.  The meeting and interaction of Tom Cruise's character with Jamie Foxx's character produces \\"collateral effects\\" and hence the title of the movie.    In the end, they each become both men of action and men of thought.  For one character, he moves on with his life with his new psychological make-up (a mix of both thought and action), but for the other character, his new mix of thought and action and his new realization of his life is too late.    This movie is an excellent psychological thriller.  The cinematography is unique and powerful.  The direction and the writing - excellent as well.  I also love the soundtrack.    This is another brilliant and excellent work by Michael Mann.
B000ZN803G|1.0|Too long, I think is a waste of time to see this movie.  maria alicia noriega
0143038419|5.0|This book was amazing.  I have read many reviews that say the Liz Gilbert came off as selfish.  I would have to disagree.  This book is about Liz finding herself and I appreciated that the novel focused solely on her.  I found this book motivational and inspiring.  There are tons of greats \\"food for thought\\" moments as well as quotes that were really meaningful.  A+ book.
B00005JKC3|5.0|With the new hulk movie coming out, I wanted to get the first hulk movie and watch it again.  This is a great movie that I'll be watching over and over again.
B0012QCZ54|4.0|hey, I believe this movie was OK... I don't talk about the plot, but it actually had a lot more of dancing. It had a lot of comic moments too, but anyway, it's just another high school movie -> you watch it today and you forget about it tomorrow.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This dvd is extremely entertaining, and educational.  I think I will continue to view all sections over and over.    The quality of the video is outstanding, and effort to obtain this must have been immense.
B00005JKC3|4.0|For what could have been a big dumb smash-em-up movie, the story is unusually adult and internal. It's all about repressed emotions and memories. The two main characters, Bruce and Betty, each have issues with their fathers that must be worked out. Each father, in turn, has made mistakes, but you can see why they acted the way they did.<br /><br />I loved Danny Elfman's music, which brought to mind Darkman and Spiderman while introducing new Arabian elements. And this is a movie that should have won an oscar for editing. I have never seen cinema cut like this. It uses spatial and visual linking in ways only done in comics until now. Watch for the \\"crossing the line\\" moments to see how breaking that rule can work on occasion.<br /><br />Oh, and the Hulk can smash tanks real good.
B000ETQRCM|5.0|This is by far one of PJ's best albums. It's a new Pearl Jam. Playing album after album, better and better syncronized. It's simply amazing. I've being a Pearl Jam fan since they were born and even went to sleep at night hearing Ten or Vs. But after No Code I let them down because they weren't the same. Recently I heard one the songs of the album on the radio and decided to give them a chance. Well. I've just listened to the album 3 times in a row. Chapeaux to the band.    Don't think twice about getting the album. Just buy it. You will love it.
0316143472|4.0|After the long wait for a new David Sedaris book, this was (for the most part) not a disappointment.  The humor and whackiness are all there, as you'd expect, as well as the collection of misfits and misadventures.  However, something felt missing and I had a hard time putting my finger on it...finally, I realized - the whole book has a disjointed feel to it, there's no cohesiveness which makes it read like a collection of random happenings.  Which isn't necessarily bad, but all of Sedaris' other books had that, which gave them more depth in the long run.<br /><br />However, this is a minor criticism and the book is very entertaining regardless.  I would recommend it to anybody who has enjoyed Sedaris' previous works.
1423101464|5.0|This book was the best of the four in it's series.  The book has many twists and turns so it is fun to read.  I suggest that you get this book.
0920668372|5.0|This book is just beautiful.  I remember the first time I heard this book.   My husband and I was attending our 2nd child's pre-K orientation and the teacher read this book.  I was 8 months pregnant with our 3rd and last baby and had lost my mother the year earlier.  The words in the book touched my soul.  My sister after hearing me talk about this book gave it to me for a gift. Some years later, when my oldest son and his wife had their first child, I gave my book to them.  I purchased this book to save to give as a gift to my son who was just starting pre-K at the time when this book's story \\"message\\", was introduced to me ,when he begins his family. The shipping was  quick and the book arrived in perfect condition.
B00007AJGH|5.0|Bob took a mime class so you can see the weight of the rabbit.  Bob Hoskins is a superb actor!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|such an awe insipiring documentry, speachless at times when watching it, how do they get those camera shot?
B0014I4KIK|5.0|Album of the year, so far. Mercy is a great record but it's not even the stand out track - that goes to Delayed Devotion, which is simply sublime. If you don't own this yet how can you look at yourself in the mirror!
B0015XASFS|5.0|Josh Groban is wonderful. The DVD will give the thrill of being at he concert and what a show. I feel as if I was there.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|The summer of 2007 is when Mad Men swept the nation. Why? It is anti-politically correct. It is an intelligent, thinking man's (\\"persons\\" would be too PC for *this* show)) show for adults. Not to mention the fantastic, Rod Serling-esque realism in the quality of its writing, the direction, the scope, and the dazzling work of the previously unknown cast - now all certified household names - stars, if you will (none will ever have to worry about getting future work).  The best part of this casting is that there are no familiar public-entrenched \\"personalities\\" to disturb the continuity and believability of the proceedings; a \\"star\\" would have interupted the realism of the story and surroundings. And, in the process, we get to discover a whole new set of actors (their work and camaraderie is gaspingly satisfying, the most sheerly pleasurable in recent memory).<br /><br />Matthew Weiner, the show's genius creator, has painstakingly ensured that we're really getting a believable early 1960s. There's not an irritatingly currently contemporary viewpoint to be found anywhere. Of course the show is depicted in a hindsight manner; but all of the dialogue, situations and characters are all breathtakingly, reassuringly of a past time. Despite the deceptively, smoothly stylized look via the posh sets and clothes, the atmosphere is constantly invaded by the smog of cigarette smoke; we're not used to seeing such flagrant puffing and inhaling on film. You can almost smell the overfilled ashtrays. No one goes outside to smoke here. This is the Martini and Rossi era, and everyone in corporate America smoked and drank as if it were part of the life and job description. Then, too, you see women used as business, sexual and marital props. They existed to serve their men (and I hope the PC feminists are in a tizzy, because they should be). To provide their dictation, their pleasure, their masculine image, their food, their offspring. Of course, we see in Joan, the foxy, knowing secretary, using the men in return to get what she wants; and we see in Don Draper's wife (brilliantly, tensely enacted by January Jones) an all-pervasive, unnameable malcontentedness. We see the glaring dichotomies of the men, looking Madison Avenue dapper, but behaving and displaying attitudes of overgrown high schoolers. Most of these men, from today's standpoint, are bastards; and no attempt is made to Ralph Nader or Alan Alda-ize them (it would be interesting to have the series run into the late 1960s, when these men are forced to run into the massive social consciousness that emerged in a shockingly short time later).<br /><br />Most of all though, the tone of the show is presided over by the brilliant Jon Hamm, whose Don Draper is the most multifaceted character on television in ages. Hamm is blessedly allowed several moments in deep repose, and we can see the massively disturbed soul behind the savvily successful executive. And yet the character's troubled mien allows him to understand human nature, therefore key elements in advertising - how to emotionally ensnare the public into believing the merit of a product or slogan. He's also smart enough to see that Peggy (wonderfully played by Elizabeth Moss), the secretary, with her questioning, probing mind, has a depth unavailable to most of the male executives, to provide key insights into how to sell a product. Hamm's Don Draper is already a classic, public-entrenched persona.  It is a stunningly limned portrayal.<br /><br />The great strength of this show is its quietly commanding, un-TV-like sense of pacing. You wouldn't call this a suspense show, yet the bottled-up, stealthy sense of pacing keeps us in a tantalizingly unnerved state; you always wait for that cork to explode unexpectedly. The brilliance here is that the explosion factor doesn't always come when we expect it; but the build-up leads us to believe it will. Those explosions come when the build-up has not been prepared, and happens in a swift, tightly controlled manner, never spilling over into predictably cheap shock value.<br />After each show, we smile, having been on the edge of our seats, engrossed, and left deeply satisfied - and impatient for next week. Thursdays at 10:00. Phone turned off, a glass of wine or spirits.<br /><br />Another great asset to the overall tone is the darkly cynical humor. Never overplayed or explicitly self-conscious, it nevertheless ingeniously, deftly exposes the foibles of human nature. The most overt humor is slyly depicted by Christina Hendricks, whose eye-poppingly Kim Novak-voluptuous, leeringly confident secretary Joan is an absolute delight. Hendricks looks and acts so unerringly real of the time period, it would be a shock to see her as she really is in real life. She and John Slattery, perfectly playing the sloppily amorous boss, create genuine sexual edge in their scenes together.<br /><br />Vincent Kartheiser, playing Pete Campbell, an insecure, untalented but ruthlessly ambitious business and social climber, is scarily effective; there's an element of genuine danger in this character. Campbell is so aware of his limitations, and you sense he'd stop at nothing to prove himself.<br /><br />The good-time unreformed Frat-elevated-to-biz-executive contingent, played by Rich Sommer, Aaron Staton, Michael Gladis, and Bryan Batt, strike just the right notes; they're all joyfully oversexed, blithely good-time, but very real, and we get to see inside their characters.<br /><br />Robert Morse, the only familiar name in this cast, is perfect as the head of Sterling Cooper, a boss who cares not what goes on as long as the money rolls in.<br /><br />I hope Mad Men will be on for years to come. HBO's loss is AMC's considerable gain - and is the best-written, best acted show of our time. It will be heralded, discussed, and acclaimed for years to come, and be held as the classic show it has already become. I have never enjoyed something so much as this intriguing, wonderfully engrossing drama. Cheers and thanks to all those involved.er spilling over into predictably cheap shock value.  After each show, we smile, having been on the edge of our seats, engrossed, and left deeply satisfied - and impatient for next week. Thursdays at 10:00. Phone turned off, a glass of wine or spirits.     Another great asset to the overall tone is the darkly cynical humor. Never overplayed or explicitly self-conscious, it nevertheless ingeniously, deftly exposes the foibles of human nature. The most overt humor is slyly depicted by Christina Hendricks, whose eye-poppingly Kim Novak-voluptuous, leeringly confident secretary Joan is an absolute delight. Hendricks looks and acts so unerringly real of the time period, it would be a shock to see her as she really is in real life. She and John Slattery, perfectly playing the sloppily amorous boss, create genuine sexual edge in their scenes together.    Vincent Kartheiser, playing Pete Campbell, an insecure, untalented but ruthlessly ambitious business and social climber, is scarily effective; there's an element of genuine danger in this character. Campbell is so aware of his limitations, and you sense he'd stop at nothing to prove himself.    The good-time unreformed Frat-elevated-to-biz-executive contingent, played by Rich Sommer, Aaron Staton, Michael Gladis, and Bryan Batt, strike just the right notes; they're all joyfully oversexed, blithely good-time, but very real, and we get to see inside their characters.    Robert Morse, the only familiar name in this cast, is perfect as the head of Sterling Cooper, a boss who cares not what goes on as long as the money rolls in.     I hope Mad Men will be on for years to come. HBO's loss is AMC's considerable gain - and is the best-written, best acted show of our time. It will be heralded, discussed, and acclaimed for years to come, and be held as the classic show it has already become. I have never enjoyed something so much as this intriguing, wonderfully engrossing drama. Cheers and thanks to all those involved.
B00144VBBS|5.0|You have 2 discs of Toby's most popular songs, most of which are from his last few cds. For $12 bucks, you get 35 songs; the cost alone is reason enough to buy this cd. Anyone who is a Toby fan, should add this to their collection. If you're a new fan, this is a great intorduction to Mr. Keith. A must have for country music fans!
0553383663|5.0|David Vise captures the true concepts and ideas of Larry Page and Sergey Brin.  The reader can not lose their focus with the research, knowledge of the founders purpose within each paragraph or for that matter each chapter.  I highly recommended this book to anyone who has the curiosity for business. The mixture of knowlegde the author describes on how each and every employee is cared for creates a vision that the founders wanted from the beginning. The chapter that described the Chef that made \\"Buttermilk Fried Chicken for Elvis\\" was very interesting.  The book is a must reader for anyone...
0385504209|5.0|If you haven't read this book yet, what are you waiting for! I am very glad I read the book prior to seeing the movie. The book goes into so much more detail than the movie did. I found myself on the edge of my seat! I just couldn't put the book down! I bought the hardcover illustrated edition which I really liked.  Even though Dan Brown went into great detail about the various sites, paintings, etc, it was really nice to see exactly he was describing there on the same page. I highly recommend this book!
B001BEE6WW|4.0|Any self respecting Maiden fan must own this cd, even though Bruce Dickenson is not on board yet, this cd gives great glimpses of what is to come. There is a definite punk influence on some of these tracks and the production isn't at the highest level, but it is still Maiden.  Complete your collection today and buy this.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|Pixar does it again! With nods to its parent company (with his pencil-thin mustache, Skinner is both French and a little bit \\"Aladdin's\\"Jafar) and Tim Burton (Anton Ego has the macabre angles of a Burton animation), Pixar explodes the animation envelope with this family-friendly film. Where the characters are still \\"cartoons,\\" the scenery looks like film -- although a small blurb in the credits state this is \\"REAL animation -- no rotoscoping!\\" Paris has never looked lovelier, and the FOOD -- the title dish made me hungry, and the last film that made my mouth water was \\"Big Night!\\" (Search for the recipe online using keywords \\"Thomas Keller\\" and \\"ratatouille.\\")  The artwork is first-rate (wish I could make my hair as shiny and beautiful as Colette's!), and the script can be enjoyed by all ages, even though it never \\"talks down.\\" (When was the last time you heard the word \\"elephantine\\" in a movie??) \\"Salut!\\" to the voice talents, too -- especially Janeane Garafalo and Peter O'Toole. This tasty 'toon is a dish to savor!
1582701709|5.0|This landmark book and DVD open the doors to a new reality for millions. People have begun to understand the power of their thoughts and universal principles like the Law of Attraction. Once you take responsibility for creating your life and partner with the infinite intelligence of the universe, anything is possible.<br />[[ASIN:1933730005 Divine Wisdom at Work: 10 Universal Principles for Enlightened Entrepreneurs]]
055358202X|5.0|This series is totally addicting. Each book gets better; \\"A Feast for Crows\\" is the best yet. There are numerous characters in each of his books with multiple separate stories; just when you think one of the characters is evil and you hope for his death, Martin somehow twists it around and you actually start to like the character. This is not just another fantasy knockoff; this series is very original & one of the best. He needs to write more, more, more.
0060594896|5.0|If you're short on time and tend to prefer small books, don't let the size of this book keep you from reading it. Flip through the table of contents and let your inner wisdom help you choose where to start. \\"The Success Principles\\" is packed with so many gems. It's like a dozen of the best personal development books in one. Jack Canfield is a master manifestor and so inspiring. Enjoy!<br />[[ASIN:1933730005 Divine Wisdom at Work: 10 Universal Principles for Enlightened Entrepreneurs]]
0061537934|5.0|I loved it. The story was *not* predictable. Yes, Enzo realizes--and shares in his immediate, wholly honest way--that he's old and ready to go, that he knows Eve is quite sick (before even she knows)...but these are not the story's curve balls. The dog-leg turns in this plot would keep the reader turning pages to find out what happens next, but the enchanting narrator, his humor and efforts, make the journey all that much better.    Go Enzo. That which you manifest is before you.
1932907009|5.0|Like many other reviewers I've read a number of books on the art and science (yes, some do make it seem like a science) of screenwriting. This book stands atop the pile. My second favorite book in this genre is the classic Story by Robert McKee, and the two couldn't be more different in tone or content, particularly tone. As much as I valued the advice and knowledge imparted by the venerable McKee, the tone was professorial at the least. Reading Snyder on the other hand is more akin to having a beer with a buddy - easy flowing, fun, with lots of insights you can immediately apply (although the insights don't flow as freely as the beer when I catch up with my old buddies).    I took a screenwriting course from a well-known institution in L.A. recently and as much as I enjoyed the experience and was impressed by the instructors, it wasn't until I read this book that the 'AHAs' started to rain down on me. He takes what is undeniably a highly complex subject and breaks it down into digestible chunks without diluting the core concepts critical in developing a script worthy of Hollywood consideration. There are many pithy sayings you'll find yourself muttering long after reading the book, both while writing and while watching movies. And, best of all, they're all extremely helpful for your writing process. My favorite is his admonition of the vital nature of the 'whiff of death' in your screenplay. Read the book and you'll find out what he means. I'm also sure you'll agree 100% when you analyze the advice through the prism of your movie-viewing experience.    Again, great advice delivered in an entertaining package - don't miss it!
0316166685|2.0|I was hooked from the beginning of the book, convincing myself this was a mystery instead of a horror story. The unusual vantage point of the story teller (Heaven), continued to captivate me.  The prose was easy to read and follow.   My problem is with the horrific crime, and the build up to the murder being solved.  I was furious when the murderer got away, but kept reading because I thought surely he would be caught in the end.  Then the ridiculous spirit switch-er-oo happened.  With her sister's life in danger, her bones so close by, a family that despirately needed closure, and readers who had been strung along for all the above, the author chose to let the \\"Spirit of Susan\\" use the \\"Body of Ruth\\" to have sex.  Now, what kind of lesson is this for teenage readers, and what kind of closure is this for the reader?  I still can't believe it.  I am mad I wasted time reading this book.  I don't think it is necessary to have all the details tied up in a tidy little package, but this was absurd.
1582701709|4.0|The Secret' has served a great purpose; it has stimulated a conversation we all need to have, about who we are and how to realize the divine power within us.  However, the main problem with The Secret\\" is that it largely leaves God out. It extols the virtues of using Mind power to amass material abundance, based on the law of attraction.  But it ignores the primacy of God, and Spirit - the underlying eternal essence that enlivens and uses the mind. Ironically the author and several references invoke the names of several God-men as ones who used The Secret.  But they don't, like many saints and sages, stress the importance of seeking knowledge of self as spirit, in order to know God.  Instead The Secret claims that you can get anything using The Secret. The implication is that you can even win God, using this method.  This is problematic.  Yes, using the mind man can invent tremendous technology and even bombs that might upset the balance of the planet; but, do you really think man can attain the ultimate omnipotent, omniscient, omnipresent powers of God just by using his intellect and mental powers?  The Secret doesn't even explain how your mind was used to attain the material conditions you inherit at birth.  Yet, it implies that your thoughts can be powerful enough to negate seriously limiting conditions which you could not have caused by your thoughts in this lifetime.  To explain this would necessitate venturing into the controversial waters of Karma and reincarnation - a discussion which puts conventional proponents of religion at odds with those who espouse the mystical path.  While all of the above proponents might agree with the Christian precept at the root of The Secret -\\"pray believing that what you pray for you already have\\".  They might also agree with another Christian scripture that trumps the basic premise of The Secret:  \\"What profiteth a man who gains the world but loses his own soul\\"? If The Secret helps stimulate this more important discussion - the purpose and destiny of man as a spirit \\"made in the image of God\\", and how to use the mind as a good servant rather than master of the soul - then it will have been worth it.the purpose and destiny of man as a spirit \\"made in the image of God\\", and how to use the mind as a good servant rather than master of the soul - then it will have been worth it.
0375424474|5.0|This author has been involved for many years in key research to discover the genes and processes that shape our bodies and how these have evolved through the history of living things. I was thrilled to see a book written by him, and hoped I would not be disappointed. Instead, I am pleasantly surprised. Far from being the dry work of a research scientist, this is a bright, interesting, almost conversational work that still conveys all the science involved.
B000K15VSA|5.0|This package is great. In addition to the DVD set there are all kinds of cool goodies and the whole thing is presented in a Voigt-Kampff case! I don't know how they can sell it for for such a low price. I'm getting another one before they're gone.
B0018AK9RA|4.0|During the eighties Judas Priest carved themselves a reputation as the 'party metal' band.  They wrote songs about driving, rocking, hot rocking, kicking all sorts of bootie and, of course, humping.  They certainly didn't carve out ten minute epics about old poetry or songs about ancient historical figures like their peers Iron Maiden did with regularity.  I think if Iron Maiden put out a record like this it wouldn't get quite as much severe condemnation.  In essence, the fans of Priest want there Priest loud and dumb.  Maybe it's time for Rob and crew to form their own side group to allow them more artistic freedom.  Regardless,  I myself thought the record was a nice refreshing change of pace for Priest.  The mellow songs lend a certain ebb and flow to the album so when the heavier parts come they crash down hard.  I enjoy songs like war with it's operatic grandness even while I understand why people want to chuck it out the window.      There are a few downsides, though.  Rob Halford isn't quite the same vocalist as he was.  He doesn't shred his upper register with nearly the same frequency.  Partly that is due to the song structure but other times it is clear he could raise the roof but dials it down.  He is either unwilling or unable to hit the high notes of old.  The album is kinda long as well but in my mind that isn't that much of a problem.  I'd rather have too many songs than too few.  Although I wouldn't call this a classic album I wouldn't chuck it out the window either.
B00005JM02|5.0|Product was in new condition and arrived shortly after I ordered it.  No complaints.
0743201140|5.0|This is a wonderful book, but you have to buy it new!  There's a code on the inside for the strengths quiz, and you cannot reuse the code.  I had to buy StrengthsFinder 2.0--the new version--in order to get the quiz without repurchansing the same exact book twice.    It would have been nice to know this....
B000I2IT44|5.0|If you already like Porcupine Tree, you are going to love this dvd. If you never heard of Porcupine Tree and want to get a balanced idea of what they are about, this dvd is perfect for that. I had no idea who this band was, but kept hearing how brilliant they were. Well, I was not disappointed at all. I loved this dvd and watched it 4 times the first 24 hours I had it! These guys are amazing musicians! If you like Rush, King's X, Marillion, or Dream Theater, you will probably like Porcupine Tree. The dvd is a concert with beautiful colored lights and nice, even moving shots. I really really enjoed this dvd and I am so glad that I can watch this concert any time I want! Very pleased with this purchase!
1416955070|3.0|The book takes too long to get going and then ends completely uninterestingly. It takes Cassandra Clare a little too long to find her characters (and the in-jokes are kind of hit or miss), but she has created a pretty interesting world. A lot of these problems get dealt with in the next book though, so I still think this is worth a read. Just try not to expect an instant classic or you'll be disappointed.
B000VKJ6VS|5.0|I have listened to this cd every single day since I received it for my birthday from a friend back in October 07. The reason I bought this one on Amazon was to send it as a gift to another friend. This is the most amazing collection of songs on a cd that I have heard since I listened to Led Zeppelin back in the day. It is one of those cds that just when you finish one amazing song, another completely different amazing song comes on- and it goes that way through to the end...you just can't pick what song you love the most. I wasn't even an Alter Bridge fan prior to this cd. I am a musician myself and was totally blown away with everything about this cd.<br />Great production, great music, great musicianship, great lyrics, great arrangement, and (hey hold on to your seats) GREAT LEAD GUITAR SOLOS!!!! I just can't say enough- if you buy this cd and don't like it- I will gladly buy it off of you because I keep wearing my copies out!!! If you love great music- you will love this disc big time.
1416914293|4.0|To me, this still isn't perfect, but it's fast-paced and in-character. I cared a lot more about the plot and characters, and saw a lot less parallels to all the other YA fantasy series I've read. I'm waiting on the edge of my seat for the next one!
B000PMLFRA|5.0|We all know the movies, so no point in prolonging another discussion.     The only thing I hope the studio does when releasing them, and utilizing the Blu-Ray disk capacity, is to have the option of playing the ORIGINAL theatrical release.    Leave the what I call \\"butchered\\" revised version as an option for people, but for the love of all that is holy in movies - give us a high def version of the original films.    Here's hoping ....
B00004W50T|4.0|The Band-Music From Big Pink ****<br /><br />It took a long while to come around to The Band though I'm glad I finally did. See I just didn't get what all the fuss was about. I always loved their work with Bob Dylan but when ever I heard them on their own I was just turned off, so I decided to give it another chance and bought Music From Big Pink. Needless to say it changed my mind. It wasn't the nice soulful vocals, or Robertson's great guitar work. It was the sound of the band as a whole; as they are truly a sum of their parts. But honestly the organ work was what really had me hooked. I don't think I have ever heard a better organ player. Such resonance and heart in his playing.<br /><br />The album was named after the big pink house where the music was recorded with Bob Dylan, as he wanted to either play on the album or write songs to help the group out, and they kindly declined except for 'I Shall Be Released' which is the weakest track on the album. 'The Weight' is obviously the big single and one of the bands strongest numbers. 'Chest Fever' is dark and haunting. In a class of it's own on an album so great.<br /><br />Also on this release are eight bonus tracks of outtakes, demos, and other assorted songs. Among them is a smokin' cover of the blues standard 'Key To The Highway.'<br /><br />Music From A Big Pink is an album that no one should miss out on, and The Band is certainly not a band you want to pass up either.
B000VZSEWA|5.0|Being a big NIN fan I was always going to buy the album, but after With Teeth I'd assumed they were in a steady decline so didn't have my hopes too high. Luckily for me I was horribly misguided; Year zero is a magnificent album from start to finish. A very welcome return to form.
B000WCBPOG|5.0|The soundtrack is great if you love the Beatles.  The songs are by different artists who appeared in the movie.  I love these new interpretations.  The movie is great also.
B0013FXWU6|1.0|well, I looked forward to seeing this movie.  I can state right now, what a waste of time and 2 1/2 hours of my life I can not get back.    Daniel Day-Lewis' character was uninspiring - I couldn't get up the emotion to hate his character (which I have to assume is the emotion the director wanted me to have).  The preacher was cut from a cookie-cutter stereotype, the relationships of Day-Lewis with his \\"son\\" was unbelievable.     The only interesting bit of this movie was learning how dangerous it was to work on oil sites at the turn of the century.
B00009MGGI|5.0|I had seen the final cut years ago and so I finally ordered the first 2 parts. They were equally delicious. FU is a singularly compelling villan. I think the word they use is reptilian. Heehee
0060555661|5.0|Whether you are an investor or speculator, this book provides more detailed information than any book I have read. To get the most from this book, one must be willing to devote time to absorb what the author is writing about. As it is a rather large book, it is easy to put aside; however if one is serious about the \\"market\\" the vital information is available in this book. I firmly believe if one will read and understand this information, your financial program will benefit.  Sam Harris
B00125WAWS|5.0|This film is more than a movie about debaters.  Inspired by a true story, it contains some events of how African-Americans lived during the 1930s amidst the atmosphere of random lynchings.    Melvin B. Tolson (portrayed by Denzel Washington) was an educated professor at Wiley College (in the rural south) by day and a human rights radical by night.  Not even his wife (portrayed by Kimberly Elise) knew of his activism.  The quartet of intelligent debaters each had their own baggage to carry.  Henry Lowe (portrayed by Nate Parker) liked juke joints, \\"holy wine\\" and the ladies.  Samantha Booke (portrayed by Jurnee Smollett) wanted to be a lawyer and knew it was an uphill climb.  James Farmer, Jr. (portrayed by Denzel Whitaker) seemed to seek the approval of his father (a Ph.D. scholar and minister who spoke seven languages; portrayed by Forest Whitaker); Junior had witnessed his father being degraded by a White man because James, Sr. had accidentally killed the man's pig with his car; Junior also witnessed the strength of his father standing up to the sheriff and convincing him to release Professor Tolson from jail after being arrested for holding a meeting to organize sharecroppers (both Black and White) \\"to make things right\\" against the farm bosses, after which Junior told the man \\"that pig wasn't worth $25, you owe my father some money.\\"  The team became a trio when Hamilton Burgess (portrayed by Jermaine Williams) withdrew because his father disapproved of Professor Tolson's rumored \\"communist\\" political beliefs - he was at Wiley College \\"to be educated, not investigated.\\"    Although this debate team had a record of 10-1, their crowning glory came when they won against the Harvard debate team on the subject of civil disobedience.  It did not escape my attention the character named Wilson (portrayed by Damien Leake) who appeared briefly near the end of the movie.  He was the butler/attendant for the three Wiley College students as they were preparing for their Harvard debate.  Despite his position, his high intelligence showed when he inserted himself into their conversation nonchalantly by saying \\"Satyagraha from the Sanskrit meaning truth and fairness.\\"    The Wiley College debaters' mantra:  Who's the judge?  The judge is God.  Why is he God?  Because he decides who wins or loses, not my opponent.  Who is your opponent?  He doesn't exist.  Why doesn't he exist?  Because he is merely a dissension portion of the truth I speak.
0374105235|3.0|Beah's memoir about his time as a child soldier during the civil war in Sierra Leone is vividly written. He does a remarkable job of putting the reader with him as he first flees the fighting and violence before he is caught up and participates in it.  His accounts are brutal, graphic and especially tragic when one considers he was only 14 when pressed into service.<br /><br />However, I give it three stars because there was so little about his healing and \\"de-programming\\" compared to the specific details he gives of his attempts at escaping and participation in the war.  Certainly he talks about his meetings with Esther, his \\"counselor\\" (for lack of a better term)  but I was left wanting more - given the amount of attention that was given to the making of a boy soldier, I had expected at least as much about his healing.  Being given song lyrics and told that \\"its not your fault\\" fell flat for me, and frankly didn't seem as genuine as his experiences prior to his being sent to the nuns.<br /><br />In a smiliar vein, I had expected and hoped that Beah would have written more detail about his public apperacnces and especially about results of his work with the UN and NGOs.  For me, this is equally interesting as his recounting being in firefights with the RUF and the violence he visited on civilians.<br /><br />It is a moving story, relevent and certainly is one that needs to be told - child soldiers are a travesty.  Given that, wish a stronger conclusion about how one who was a child soldier is made whole again, and can, is - or is not - being done to prevent this from happening.
B0010YSD7M|5.0|I am a true Stargate Fan!  I have watched Stargate since it started in 1997 on Showtime, then on Sci-Fi channel.  I have loved every episode, and The Ark of Truth was not a disappointment, I loved it!(I just wish it was on Blu-Ray). It was exciting to watched them finally kick some Ori booty.  Worth every penny.
0307277887|3.0|I don't know if I didn't really care for this book because I saw the series first, or that it isn't a great book. Usually I enjoy reading the book that a series or movie is based on AFTER I see it on screen. I think I enjoy it more because the book usually has more. This one does not.<br /><br />I find the prose pedestrian and simplistic. The dialog is blase and the characters save for Dexter are one-dimensional props to move the plot (what there is of if) forward.<br /><br />It is not a bad book. As a light summer read for sitting by the pool or at the beach, this would be fun. The pages fly by and what passes for a story is easy to keep track of.<br /><br />If you haven't seen Dexter on Shotime, I suggest you do, but then avoid this book. If you haven't seen Dexter yet, start with the book. It will be much better for you.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|The producers of this film took their jobs seriously.  By that, I mean that I think they actually read the book before producing the film. And the production is so much better for it.    The story is classic and familiar:  Boy and girl fall in love.  The girl (who is young and easily manipulated) is convinced to drop the boy since he is not \\"acceptable\\" -- not of her caste.  Later, after many changes in fortune, they meet again, but this time it is the man who is initially reluctant to form any kind of alliance with her, though she still cares deeply for him.  It takes some shared experiences, a change of scenery, and some realization on both of their parts of their mutual responsibilities before they are happily joined together.      Sounds like the making of a soap opera, doesn't it?  But in the hands of Jane Austin's incomparable skill at story telling coupled with excellent casting of the film, a fine adaptation of the story, and just a smidge of Aristotle's \\"willing suspension of disbelief,\\" this film is a wonderful fresh surprise.    By the way, if you saw the recent PBS Masterpiece Classics adaptation of this same book, you may find as I did that it suffered greatly when compared to this earlier production.  Take a look at this film and once more escape into Jane's world of Regency England and the rise of the middle class.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Love it from start to finish. The variety present on this album is what really draws me in - just when I thought Coldplay had settled on a sound, they released this, which incorporates shoegaze (Sleep Chant), Middle Eastern (the strings on Yes), newage (Reign of Love), ambient (Life in Technicolor) and all kinds of other influences into the new songs. Thank you, Brian Eno and Jon Hopkins, for the ambient flourishes. Also, thank you, Arcade Fire, for providing inspiration for some of the tracks.    My favorites thus far:  Viva La Vida - the \\"Roman cavalry choirs\\" line is so striking and evocative.  Lovers in Japan - when he sings \\"to see what I'm AAALLL about\\" might be my favorite single Coldplay moment, ever.  Reign of Love - pay attention to this one. It tends to get lost in between the heavier tracks but this is the understated beauty of the album.  Chinese Sleep Chant - I love Ulrich Schnauss/Hammock/nu-shoegaze and this taps into that vein quite well. Something a little different for Coldplay. Very dreamy and ethereal.  Violet Hill - such a driving and strong track!  Lost - the underlying \\"shaky\\" drum rhythm is very unique.    I also love all the historical Europe imagery - cathedrals, choirs, castles, kings. I'm sure they are metaphors for our current political situation but they still paint a fantastic and very visual picture. The anti-political songs are clich by now but Coldplay are taking a new approach to it and I can appreciate that.    Just a great album. Can't wait to see them in August!
B00000DSEK|5.0|I rank this in my top 10 greatest albums of all time.  One of those CDs that I can listen to straight through without skipping a single song.  Eleven tracks of euphonic bliss.  It's a perfect mix of rockers, ballads, and mid-tempo songs, and not a bad apple in the bunch.    It took two albums (the first was the mediocre 'No Rest for the Wicked') for the dynamic duo of Ozzy Osbourne and Zakk Wylde to click and create this masterpiece.  Both Ozzy and Zakk were at the top of their game (Ozzy's been there once before in the late sixties/early seventies with Black Sabbath).  Ozzy's vocals are better than usual and Zakk lays down some tasty guitar riffs and blistering solos (e.g. the two solos on track six: 'S.I.N.').  Zakk was still developing his signature pinch harmonics at this time and thankfully they are used to perfection (as opposed to some of his latest recordings).    Anybody who is a fan of Ozzy or Zakk Wylde (one of the greatest guitarists ever) or hard rock music should own this album.  Not one bad song!
B00164FLC6|5.0|THEY ARE BACK with us... And they look older:-) more mature  - it`s just like seeing old friends again.... I especially like it when Carrie watches Judy i MEET ME IN ST. LOUIS(iT\s pronounced with SSSSSS hehe) This is LIGHT entertainment and on the better side...I will use this as an upper for years to come...  It`s Hollywood at its most professional and a victory that the not-so-young girls made it as the all-time box-office blockbuster....  SKL!!!!!!!!!:-)))
0307387151|5.0|Should you read the book first or watch the movie?<br /><br />Really, you could choose either. I read the book before seeing the movie, and it was one of the best reading experiences I've ever had. The prose is lush but not overdone, the characters finely drawn, and the plot leaves nothing to be desired. I'd never read a McEwan book before, and now I'm a bit skeptical that any of his other books could even come close to this brilliant work.<br /><br />As for the film: it, too is lush and brilliant and an experience in itself. I don't know that I've come across a movie that remained so true to the book in both action and spirit.<br /><br />If you're an avid reader looking for an excellent story with memorable characters and an ending that will be on your mind for days, read the book first. If not, then watch the film. Of course, if you're reading this review you probably have a strong interest in reading. So read the book.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|I usually dont review CD's, as time is a premium with me.  After reading some of the mindless reviews trashing this work, I was compelled to right something in support of this very interesting and compelling album.    First, I would like to say I have been a Judas Priest fan since the early 80's, and was at the famous (or infamous) 85 concert in Madison Square Garden.  I love Classic Priest.  I also think that they have released several bombs, most notably \\"Turbo\\".  For all the folks who think this recording is boring, or bad, please refer back to  Turbo, along with Rocka Rolla, Ram it Down, etc.  I dont mean to put this CD down to the level of these works by this comparison.  I just think people need some perspective.    Moving on to \\"Nostradamus:, I have to say I have been overwhelmed by the level of musicianship, songwriting, and last but not least Halford's vocals.  They are amazing, and this work showcases his abilities like no previous work in the JP catalogue.  This is an epic work, with short acoustic and piano interludes.  it is mostly moderate tempo, and alternates between heavy and not so heavy pieces.  I think it needs to be listened to numerous times as it grows me over time.      I think that people who are open minded to new things, and lean towards prog, will love this CD.  The younger people who like Hardcore, Metalcore, Nu Metal, and so on may not appreciate it.  I find myself finding elements of some of the earlier JP stuff, along with new sounds, on this CD.  I encourage anyone who likes JP, and metal, to patiently listen to this.
B000Q9IZ5C|5.0|Not much more to add to what others have said before.  If you liked Firefly you will love the movie.  Takes the story where the series was not allowed to go due to the short run.  Not the best network decision but as we all know there have been a few others.
B000U1ZV8K|5.0|Loved the 4 videos and great price.  I always use Overstock now instead of Amazon.  I love Bill ME Later and your prices are better.  Why if I had a coupon I would order some stuff now      Sincerely,  Joyce Lynch
B00127RAJY|5.0|This workout DVD is amazing.  You have three different levels to choose from.  I've tried them all - and each one gets your heart rate up ... works your muscles ... and comes darn near to killing you!  Interval training is the BEST way to lose weight - and that's what you get with these workouts.<br /><br />The only thing I don't like is being forced to sit through five minutes of introduction each time I pop in the DVD.  It does not allow you to cut directly to the menu, which frustrates me.  I really only needed to see the intro once - not every time I work out.<br /><br />Otherwise, great stuff. I highly recommend it.
081541028X|5.0|Of all the astronaut bios & autobios this one is the best.  Michael Collins' style is natural and funny.
B0001GMIOE|5.0|No hay nada mejor para mi camara canon que una bateria original de canon....  no recomiendo usar de otras marcas en tu camara...  muy buen articulo..
B000002UZU|5.0|Simply 'the best' for the voodoo of truely great Harmonica boogie improvisation. Alan Wilsons [pre-suicide] respect and harmonica 'call & response' to John Lees creative outpourings are like nothing else before or since. What a session. This record is a highly influencial album in my life and stands as a great example of 'electric Harmonica' tone and technique. I would give my 'coolies' for Al's amplifier and wonderful style. Meanwhile The whole band sounds very excited and committed to honoring their session with the legendary boogieman. What more to say? The tunes are often long improvised 'jams', spread with 'solo' loose tunes with John Lee Hooker, his words, guitar and ever tapping foot. This historical recording is not everybodys 'cup of tea' but if you want 'real' trance like boogie and blues with that primitive rhythmic vibe this is 'the ducks guts'.
B000OCY7JE|3.0|Nominated for Best Foreign Language Film with loads of five-star reviews on Amazon.  I choose to be the antidote to that.<br /><br />It's a great movie, especially in the characterization, acting and mood departments.  The plot starts out by asking me to accept a coincidence, then at the end rewards my faith by explaining it.<br /><br />So there's nothing wrong with it, except perhaps being a little bit slow-moving, but if you go in expecting it to live up to all the reviews -- I didn't because I hadn't seen the reviews -- you might be disappointed.<br /><br />I do think they should've found a way to film more of India.  I like the contrast between Denmark and India -- very effective -- but I'm a bit of an India lover, and more India would've given us more contrast.
B000002KB8|5.0|Black Sabbath's first album, Black Sabbath, is a great album. Here is my track by track review.    1.Black Sabbath-10/10 Classic riff. It starts slow with church bells, and a thunderstorm followed by a monster riff by Iommi. Ozzy sings slow lyrics. It evantually speeds up.    2. The Wizard- 9.5/10 Cool song. Ozzy plays a harmonica. It is a little short, but a fun and interesting listen. Cool lyrics by Geezer.    3. Wasp- Behind the Wall of Sleep- Bassically- N.I.B- 10/10 My favorite on the album. Wasp is an intro to Behind the Wall of Sleep, and Bassically is an intro to N.I.B. Its pretty much 2 songs in 1. The effects on Ozzy's voice are cool on behind the wall of sleep. The left headphone has an echo while the right headphone is his normal voice. N.I.B is one of sabbath's best.    4. Wicked World-8.5/10- Not awful. Not my favorite either. Its just not as good compared to the other songs. I listen to it ocassionally.    5. A Bit of Finger- Sleeping Village- Warning- 9/10 Not much singing. Mostly Iommi's guitar playing with a HUGE solo. Fun to listen to.
0785125965|3.0|As another reviewer said, this novel seems more like an action packed summer blockbuster filled more with eye candy than real character development. It was fun to see certain characters being beat up by the Hulk, but I was never drawn into the story (no pun intended) like I was with Planet Hulk.
B0016B6ZKG|5.0|Fantastic modernized recording of a legendary diva ! This recording is not an attempt to continue the old classic genre,but a stylized new product for today. Look out Madonna another cameleon has burst through from the past.
B000N3ST9I|5.0|Machine Head has never really been a band that stood out to me.  1994's Burn My Eyes is heralded as their best work by many, but it's got some seriously stiff competition from The Blackening.  Let's just consider this their only two albums, and the rest of their time was spent experimenting.    First off, The Blackening is tough as nails metal.  If you liked the sound Machine Head pioneerd with Burn My Eyes, you will love this album.  Their detuned, post-thrash riffs are here in effect.  Rob Flynn gives his best vocal performance to date, sounding a lot less like he's singing over the music and moreso WITH it.  The guitars are BIG.  I mean, they take up a ton of sonic real estate, and they give absolutely no quarter even at their most melodic.  The drums and bass give the songs a rock-solid foundation, with some flair here and there but nothing flashy.  This album is very utilitarian, focused metal.  Not a lot of noodling, but there are a TON of great guitar solos through this disc.    What can you expect when you pop this disc in?  The best music Machine Head has produced in over a decade.  This disc is comparable to Metallica's classics Master of Puppets or ...And Justice For All in their compositions.  Quiet acoustic pieces, drowning heaviness, a series of songs that clock in at over 9 minutes (4 of the 8 tracks, to be exact), and something Machine Head has seemingly been incapable of doing (Even to some extent on Burn My Eyes):  The transitions on this album are flawless and smoothed out to a grand-piano sheen.  Whereas on all of their other albums they would move, jarringly so, from one riff to the next... in essence making the songs feel like a series riffs, in The Blackening this does not happen.  Their binary rigidity has gone away, and what's left is nothing but near metal perfection.    The nu-metal of Supercharger is dead, and was mostly so on their last release.  No longer do people have to wonder \\"what could've been\\" with this seemingly shoo-in band that had one of the best recieved debuts in metal history.  We see it now.      From the soaring choruses, bruising grooves, and awesome crowd chant of \\"FIGHT! FIGHT! FIGHT!\\" at 6:30 overlaying one of the best riffs Machine Head has ever made, \\"Clenching The Fists of Dissent\\" is a mother of an album opener.  It doesn't let up at all from there, either.  \\"Aesthetics of Hate is a monster of a groove thrash song, showcasing Machine Head at their best and most brutal.  \\"Halo\\" opens up with a trademark harmonic/single string groove the band is recognized for, then pours on soaring, melodic choruses that don't sound like the sugary pop-styled ones put out by the likes of All That Remains or Scar Symmetry.  \\"Wolves\\" is a 9 minute epic featuring one headbanging riff after the other in succession, like a 50 legged elephant that won't stop stepping on your head.  The album closes with \\"A Farewell To Arms\\", another song complete with melody and crushing grooves.  I've only graced a few songs, but they're all excellent tracks.  All of them.  Not a bit of filler.    There is a lot to like on The Blackening.  Any metalhead who may have liked Machine Head in the past, was or is a fan of bands like Pantera, Fear Factory, or just needs a breath of fresh air in a melodic death crowded, metalcore saturated, stagnant death metal infested metal scene would do well to pick this album up.    I cannot say enough about this album.  I've listened to it 4 times today and I'm enjoying it more every single time.  Future classic.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I'm a huge fan of the biggest loser & love jillian. i've seen positive reviews for this workout & bought & loved it. i'm noticing changes both in my body and my self confidence. i would reccomend this workout highly.
B000EJ9MTW|5.0|When I first heard of Wolfmother, it was via Guitar Hero 2 playing Woman.  I never heard of Wolfmother and thought it was some made up band name.  I thought Woman was some recently excavated Led Zep artifact, and how wrong was I!  What I love the most is the combination of classic rock influence and psychedelics that make up the Wolfmother sound.  I could listen to this album the whole way through at least once a day if not every other day just on the tones of the instruments.  The WAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!!!! In the very beginning does catch one off guard, but once the music begins to play, it's hard to ignore.  I think the whole vintage thing is a turn off for some people.  Me personally, I love it.  It's a break from the rehashing of \\"Post Grunge\\" and \\"Nu- Metal\\".  Don't get me wrong- there's a time and place for the likes of Staind, Godsmack, Breaking Benjamin and Puddle of Mudd, but Wolfmother is a breath of fresh air.  I'm sure my mom would love this cd actually and that's pretty cool- it does sound like something that would've come out when she was in high school.  I love the funky groove of Love Train- it's something a little different from the rest of the album and keeps things interesting.  Wolfmother has a definite sound throughout the album and the album is held together pretty well musically.  I would definitely recommend this offering and anything with the Wolfmother name attached to it for that matter.
B000LXHK2C|4.0|I had read some of the terrible reviews this movie received, so I was somewhat surprised to enjoy A Good Year as much as I did. Russell Crowe manages to be quite charming when he's not throwing phones at bellboys, and he makes his character if not exactly likeable, which would have been impossible, then at least compelling. Marion Cotillard, Abbie Cornish and the great Albert Finney make a good supporting cast.
B0000028M7|5.0|My first introduction to AIC was when I was really young and heard both Man in the Box and Rooster.  Back then, I was turned off by Rooster because I had no idea why this guy was singing about a rooster for.  Then, a decade and a half later, I'm in the Air Force and have a realization of what they were talking about and that it's not about some rooster but Jerry Cantrell's dad instead.  It hit home after doing 2 deployments and I LOVE Rooster.  Anyone who calls this album or any AIC grunge deserve to be shot.  The grungiest songs that they do are Would? and Man in the Box.  They're more heavy metal than anything.  I think if you put together the riffing of Guns 'n' Roses and the leads of Metallica you'd get AIC but to put this in the same category as Nirvana?  Absolutely blasphemous and unnecessary.  I think my favorite tracks would have to be God Smack and Dam That River.  I love the riffing and soloing in those songs.  Them Bones is a definitely wise choice to start off the album and ends well with Would?  This is definitely a superb guitar album and even though half of the album talks about addiction, it's still a good listen to fuel a good party or just sit there and listen.  I like Sickman and wish it would've stayed in the heavy direction the whole way through the song and that's practically the only gripe.  Junkhead is beautiful- everybody knows what it's talking about- it was originally a demo and for it being a demo, it's not too bad at all.  Very catchy!  The album is essentially flawless and it's a shame more bands today aren't like AIC.  Then again, that makes AIC the true wonders that they are.  Kudos!
0805079831|5.0|It's freakin crazy, every day now I see a new headline in the news, where it seems as though something brought up within this book has now become under attack such as:     - The Bush Administration wanting to use the current ecalated price of oil as motivation that the US should allow the corporations to drill in protected areas.   - The authorization of the use of turture by US military officials, current press releases have even gone as far as targeting Cheney himself.   - A re-analization of the laws and rights exercsied by the pentagon made directly after 9/11 of the right to search and spy on individuals & corporations.     - Iraq's resistance to give up too much power to the US, especially in terms of oil.   - Everything from floods in the Midwest, to threats by Isreal, being used as oppurtunities for speculators to make a buck.   - The rising tide of resource rich countries, to lean towards the left, thru democratic means.         Besides, Guns Germs & Steel, I have yet to read another book that was so informative, comprehensive, well documented and logically conclusive.      After reading this book you feel as though you've taken a full year  of classes on modern economic policies, foreign fiscal policy, historical & current political events, sociology and the human experiment.           - I found \\"The Assault on Reason\\" by Al Gore to be a good subsequent read to this novel.
0783230893|5.0|One of my all time favorite movies. Even though there are parts of it that are sad, there are many uplifting moments.  I'm from Alabama and I think they did a pretty good job overall of giving a glimpse into life in the Depression era South.  If you don't understand the meaning of loyalty, then you need to watch this movie. There's something for everyone here!  Oh yeah, the book is great to, although a little short. It even includes some recipes for those famous fried green tomatoes! YUM!!
0393316041|5.0|Part physicist, part prankster, part musician, part teacher, part genius, part story teller, part little boy and all human being, this is the true story of Richard Feynman.  He was a man with an insatiable curiosity, and had a zest to explore the world of physics, human nature and himself.<br /><br />The stories in the book are funny, entertaining and enlightening.  Feynman never got out of his box, because he never had one. From the gifted young boy who fixed radios by thinking to the top notch physicist who could explain concepts to laymen like no one else, Feynman was one of a kind.<br /><br />Well worth the read!<br /><br />[[ASIN:0595437087 The Re-Discovery of Common Sense: A Guide to: The Lost Art of Critical Thinking]]
B00006G8K0|5.0|Along with 'the Wicker Man' this is the finest British thriller ever made.<br /><br />A big accolade but one it deserves. It made me jump out of my seat as a child; the scene where Christopher Lee bursts in and starts throwing luscious Valerie Gaunt around.<br />Despite my mother having histrionics, and warning me not to tell my teachers that I'd been up late watching horror movies, it set me up for a lifetime of wonderful (and occasionally vile) film experiences. Whether you're a horror fan or not, this is a cracking, lightning-paced, sexy, gothic joy-ride.<br /><br />The plot is bare-basic (and is detailed elsewhere) so 'Dracula' relies on atmosphere, beautiful visuals and superb acting, particularly Peter Cushing, who despite delayed entrance into the action, is completely believable as the single-minded vampire nemesis Van Helsing.<br /><br />I read somewhere that Cushing had, in the writers opinion, 'an elegant, yet soulful screen presence'. I'm in agreement. He holds the attention totally when he's on screen, similar with Lee but for different reasons. While Cushing is a better actor, Lee makes an  unforgettable impression, and looks genuinely other-worldly.<br /><br />The music track is sensational. James Bernard. One of 'scores'(sorry!) he did for Hammer during a rewarding (for us!) 20 (another score! Sorry again.) year association with them, and there's not many better than this one. Surprisingly subtle at times, but lets rip with that familiar and startling theme when needs demand.<br /><br />Quality scenes tumble over themselves; most memorable, and disturbing for me are the ones in the windy, leafy cemetery, where one of Count Lee's female victims, resurrected as an undead, attempts to seduce a child into the joys of vampirism. The tension is at breaking point until a timely intervention by Dr Van Cushing saves the day.<br />Director Terence Fisher was on dangerous ground here, albeit implicating rather than visualizing, and doesn't it tell you plenty about the mind set of Trevelyan and his minions down at the censors board, who apparently missed the suggestive nature of these scenes, preferring to concentrate on stakings and other such trivialities.<br />Perhaps it was the fact that the child was a girl that foxed them. Same sex and all that (well it was the 50's!).<br /><br />The ending too is spectacular. A literal reading of the Church's final funeral rites, set to a pounding music and acted out to perfection by two of dear old Blighty's finest. Awesome. Once seen, never forgotten.<br /><br />Despite being reviled on release for it's sex and violence, nowadays, 'Dracula' is perfect family entertainment of the rainy, Sunday afternoon variety. (After you've been to church of course, can't be too careful!) And don't forget to look out for the comedy-actor colossus, Miles Malleson who sparkles as a bumbling undertaker.<br /><br />They certainly don't (and have no interest in trying to..) make 'em like this anymore - so treasure this one.own at the censors board, who apparently missed the suggestive nature of these scenes, preferring to concentrate on stakings and other such trivialities.   Perhaps it was the fact that the child was a girl that foxed them. Same sex and all that (well it was the 50's!).     The ending too is spectacular. A literal reading of the Church's final funeral rites, set to a pounding music and acted out to perfection by two of dear old Blighty's finest. Awesome. Once seen, never forgotten.    Despite being reviled on release for it's sex and violence, nowadays, 'Dracula' is perfect family entertainment of the rainy, Sunday afternoon variety. (After you've been to church of course, can't be too careful!) And don't forget to look out for the comedy-actor colossus, Miles Malleson who sparkles as a bumbling undertaker.    They certainly don't (and have no interest in trying to..) make 'em like this anymore - so treasure this one.
0756404746|5.0|This is one of those rare books that i realized it was going to be so good, i had to stop reading about a quarter of the way through, and picked up a different book, just to savor it for a little while longer.    The characters are engrossing and the story is familiar yet brand new, with wonderful twists and plot turns ... i lost a few nights sleep because of it.    Ive already preordered the next book, even though its not due out until april 09.  Well done Mr. Rothfuss and Thank You
B0017WI5VQ|4.0|I have not been this excited about a new artist since hearing Jill Scott for the first time. And I loves me some Jilly from Philly! I've been rocking this cd for a week now and I am loving it. Great debute!
B0018AK9RK|5.0|This is the best performer by Rob Halford, is just amazing,this is not a screaming for vengance, this is not a british steel,painkiller etc.. this is a NOSTRADAMUS a very new sound for heavy metal fans especial for this time that we are living, if you love diferent kind of music like rock,sinphonic,clasic and real heavy metal you will love this masterpice.
0156027321|5.0|Great fun and it is neat how the boy meets people who bring all different views to him and he can find the good in them all. I really loved it.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|This is not the tipico Judas Priest sound is someting new and very interstate for a new and old generation of priest fans, i tink is one of the best albuns for this dacade compare with other bands albuns,the sound is heavy, great lirycs, great sound...is just diferent but is fantastic is a GREAT MASTERPIECE.
B000YABYLA|4.0|I really enjoyed this film.  I thought the screeenplay was so witty and well conceived. (no pun intended).  To the reviewer who said nobody talks like this: WRONG.  There really are some smart, witty people out there with quick wits and good vocabularies.<br /><br />Performances are uniformly great.  Page is wonderful and Bateman continues to impress as he ages.  Garner really surprised me with her brittle, edgy performance.<br /><br />A good catch.
0788722271|5.0|\\"A tale that is convincing, SUSPENSEFUL AND TOUCHING...\\"  ---The New York Times    \\"Kliatt praises NARRATOR WOODMAN'S SKILL:  \\"He doesn't hit a false note...\\"    [from the back cover of the audio cassette case]
B00003CY0V|5.0|When I read the poorly written crybaby review Jeff Shannon used to inform potentially interested viewers I had to write my own review.    IF YOU WANT A REAL REVIEW READ MINE!    To start off the movie is far from dull. It's very clever, and very thrilling, with quite an interesting storyline. The first few scenes include intense explosions and a couple assassinations. The storyline is unlocked bit by bit throughout the movie and brings you into the lifestyle of an exceedingly apparent upper class club-goer who does a little robbery and/or terrorism in the efforts of anti-terrorism on the side. Blah blah blah. You get the picture; my point being it's an interesting movie through and through.    The hangup this Shannon guy has about Halle Berry's tits is enough to make you sick. I don't recall so well but maybe others do. What was it, maybe 5 seconds... One scene? 5 seconds of a little Barry [...] action people! Who really cares!? To say slightly pornographic is a total overstatement. I entirely fail to see any integrity in Jeff Shannon's review.     I definitely feel sorry for the women who have to put up with men who are afraid of [...]. I couldn't possibly care less if a movie has nudity in it or not but if a movie includes nudity I wont throw a fit about it. That's what the federal rating systems are for. 'Boohoo...' Yes we get it. Thanks Jeff, buddy ol' pal.    Anyway I think most nudity adds a bit of realism to a movie. Movies are not about the nudity but don't try telling me you can walk through some of the wildest private clubs without seeing some nudity. Snap out of your stupidity and wake up to the real world. If at the end of the movie you still think it sucked well then you still got to see a slightly exposed Halle Barry. Good for you. Try not to lose sleep over it.    It's a great movie and will have you guessing from beginning to end. Pay close attention to the script and maybe put to use at least half of your brain and by the end you'll have enjoyed yourself to a well portrayed and well written movie. I have no doubt you'll want to watch it again.    WAIT! I do have one complaint... Ahem... Ladies and gentleman Travolta does not act like he knows how to smoke or hold a cigar at all and his soul patch I could easily have done without. haha I had to say it. I love the long hair though! It worked great in Pulp Fiction. If you want, maybe take off a star but DON'T let it dissuade you from seeing the movie. It's a great movie! Travolta's soul patch I give 1 star, but the movie gets 5!    Sorry Jeff. I think you are in dire need of rewriting your review. I tried to hold back from saying anything too offensive or any defamatory remarks. I think the amazon review was of poor taste. Hey Amazon, hire me! I could run circles around this guy!
B00005ASGG|5.0|ESSENTIAL MOVIE!!! One of the greatest westerns ever filmed stars James Stewart & John Wayne & was directed by the incomparable John Ford. The character of the film's title isn't made clear until near the end of the movie. The film is shot in black & white which fits its moody atmosphere, it's like western/film noir.     The movie opens with Ranson Stoddard (James Stewart), known as Rance to his friends, & his wife, Hallie (Vera Miles), returning to the town where they had met 25 years before. They've returned to the sleepy hamlet to attend the funeral of a nobody. Stoddard is now a Senator of the unnamed state & it's big news to the local newspaper as to why he's there. When asked, Stoddard begins a story that becomes a film-long flashback.    Stoddard arrives in a wild west town as a green & mild mannered lawyer who has no idea of the ways in the unruly West. He runs afoul, almost immediately, of the outlaw Liberty Valance (Lee Marvin). Their encounter leads eventually to the inevitable showdown. More than once, Tom Doniphon (John Wayne), steps in to thwart Valance's desire to harm the hapless Stoddard, who can't even handle a gun.    It's understood that Hallie is Doniphon's girl though nothing has been formally announced. Doniphon has even begun adding a room, with the help of his black ranch hand Pompey (Woody Strode), to his ranch home in preparation of the day they marry. But Stoddard, inept as he is, is appealing to Hallie because he's educated & she isn't. Stoddard, unable to have a thriving law business at the outset, washes dishes at the busy cafe that's owned by Hallie's parents & also begins teaching in a school he's started. None of this is viewed very highly because these were jobs almost exclusively handled by women at that time; Stoddard isn't a man's man. The conflict in the cafe sets the tone for the movie; Doniphon orders a steak & it's brought to him by Stoddard, another job not viewed as being masculine. He's tripped by Valance, who doesn't know the steak is Doniphon's. After Stoddard is tripped the steak ends up on the floor, an argument ensues between Valance & Doniphon over the steak. In order to stop the potential violent eruption, Stoddard picks up the steak. In this classic scene the entire stage is set for what is to follow.    Finally, there comes the showdown between Stoddard & Valance. Valance wounds Stoddard in the shoulder, like a cat toying with a mouse. Though Valance is drunk, he's still deadly accurate with a handgun. He taunts Stoddard into picking up the gun with his other hand, then he slowly takes aim to issue the coup de grace \\"right between the eyes.\\" What follows is an incredible piece of luck when Stoddard fires the gun & kills Valance. The whole town now treats him as the conquering hero. At this time Doniphon kind of fades away, he gets to drinking, becomes bitter, finally burning down his ranch house, knowing he has lost Hallie.    The territory this all occurs in is seeking statehood, they turn to \\"the man who shot Liberty Valance\\" & send him as one of their represenatives to the territorial meeting that intends to seek statehood. In this regard Stoddard is well suited, able to handle the requirements of the job to represent the good folks of Shinbone. This leads to a political career in which Stoddard shines on the national stage, he's been Senator, Governor & an Ambassador.    But the truth is Rance Stoddard is NOT \\"the man who shot Liberty Valance\\", it was really Tom Doniphon, who had been standing in an nearby alley, witness to the gunfight. At the critical moment Doniphon shoots Valance himself with a rifle, managing to fire at the exact same moment as Stoddard, & killing Liberty Valance.    The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance has a cast that is way beyond superb. In a major supporting role is Edmond O'Brien portraying the drunken editor of the Shinbone newspaper. John Carradine has a small role near the end as a voice the cattlemen speaking against statehood. There's also Denver Pyle in a small role. Strother Martin & Lee Van Cleef portray the two cronies of Valance. There's also Andy Devine playing the town sheriff who's scared of his own shadow. It all adds up to being one of Hollywood's greatest westerns. The role of Tom Doniphon was an excellent one for Wayne as he stepped outside his normal personna, giving one of his best acting portrayals of his entire career.
B0018AK9RA|4.0|After the first casual listen, I wasn't overly impressed. But after a few listens, and especially getting through disc 2, I began to absorb and appreciate it more and more. To truly do this justice, listen to it \\"old school\\" 70's style: in a dark room with a set of headphones on, and take it all in as a total work rather than a collection of individual songs. This album for me reflects where Priest might have gone after Sad Wings and Sin After Sin, if they had evolved toward a progressive direction rather than the more commercial path they chose (and which ultimately brought them much success). Not than either route is necessarily better or worse, just different paths.    As a result, this is going to be a polarizing, love/hate album for Priest fans; how you feel about it may depend on what type of Priest fan you are, and your preconceptions of the band. Do you just want to hear British Steel II or Painkiller II... or are you willing to accept Priest as capable of a \\"thinking man's\\" metal album along the lines of mindcrime-era Queensryche? While maybe not quite up to mindcrime's overall consistent song for song quality standard, this is an attempt on an even more ambitious and epic scale, with many moments of light, shade, and several moments of absolute jaw dropping Priest brilliance. And when taken in context with the epic storyline, the orchestral elements and interludes fit in well and help to create the appropriate atmosphere. The length and different construction may turn some off, and certainly requires more attention from the listener than any typical Priest release, but if you're up to the challenge, Nostradamus is one that, once given the time it demands, really grows on you. Although I still think the opener \\"Prophecy\\" is one of the lesser tracks, there is no shortage of very memorable songs here, and nothing remotely anywhere near as lame as the dreaded \\"Loch Ness\\". I gave it 4 stars only because I think some of the lyric content could definitely have been improved upon, and there are some stretches of disc one that tend to plod along a bit IMHO. Even though I would have liked a few more uptempo songs, these are minor issues. There is definately a five star Priest album in here.    It's not completly flawless as a grand concept album, but I'm glad that Priest was bold enough to take a huge risk in creating an album of this style and scope, and in the end they succeed. I will be enjoying this for many years to come!
0823016714|4.0|If you are a sculptor looking for some good references to work with, try the better [albeit more expensive] Virtual Poser series.  This book is not for 3D work!!<br /><br />This book doesn't have a lot of competition.  There aren't many authors or artists which compile images like this just to use as references.  I was looking for something just like this and I was happy to find it however there are some improvements which could be made to make this book even better.  I would have liked color photographs instead of the B/W, maybe releasing 2 editions of this series would be a good idea [but I am probably dreaming].  I would definitely pay the extra $ for a color edition if it were a hardcover.  It would have also been nice to feature better Illustrations with higher caliber real-life examples in the samples after each model's set of images.  Overall, this book is what it says and works for what it says it works for.  Simple expressions on varying faces with different ethnicities and ages.  The further you get in the book, the better the models used get.  I'd recommend this for any 2D artist who needs to get a hold of  small library of facial expressions for animation, illustration or just general drawing work.  This is not a good choice for 3D artists as most images only provide a frontal view of the subject.
0743486285|5.0|Brilliant!Couldn't put it down.It makes you wonder how someone could be so intelligent and so stupid at the same time.My son is an addict and I wanted to get some insight into their brain and how it works so I can try to help him.Nikki Sixx is like a cat he's got 9 lives.I hope he never runs out so he can do more good things with his charities.
B00004YRQA|5.0|Though more expensive than generic and non-Sony brands, it works the best.  Moms and dads - do not go for the cheaper alternatives!!!  They are almost guaranteed to malfunction.
B0018AK9RA|3.0|I gave it 3 stars because it was so cheap, otherwise it would have been 1 star for content.  The price is probably worth the 2 good songs on the second disc. I wish Rob Halford would go back to doing his solo stuff. It was so much better.  I loved 'Angel of Retribution'.  I had hoped they were going to continue in that vein and get heavier.  Not the case.  Too many mello tracks.  Not what I want when I buy Judas Priest. I had such anticipation after hearing the two pre-released tracks.  This one will end up at the bottom of the stack very shortly.  I've been to several concerts but I'm very disappointed in this release.  Maybe if they had a 'Rick Wakeman' type keyboardist they might have pulled this one off.  Maybe a concept album of the '300 Spartan Warriors' would have been a better fit for Heavy Metal.
B000021Y77|5.0|I first saw this movie when I lived in Germany with the US Army. The US release on DVd includes an english version, but really, I think its best with the subtitles. You may recognize the girl as \\"Jason Bourne(Markie Mark)'s \\" girlfriend from The Bourne movies.     What makes this movie great, in my opinion, is how they use their obviously small budget to its greatest end, and it manages to successfully ask the question \\"how do the choices I make influence or impact those around me\\"    If you like unconventional movies, you will really enjoy this one.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|I'm surprised by the low rating, as after numerous listens I'm starting to think this is their best release (just so you know where I'm coming from, DotF would be my fav, followed closely behind by HBfL, SC, and SAS).  Sure it wasn't an instant connection like a lot of their other material, but this is a much more complex release with many intricacies and nuances which take a while to appreciate.  Even so, there are still many \\"THIS is metal!\\" moments (such as track 4 \\"Revelations\\") that only Judas Priest (and Rob) can do.  The interludes are more like introductions to the heavy hitting songs, and they flow nicely to the main course.  The melodies are catchy (such as \\"Sands of time\\") and showcase Rob as an amazing and versatile singer.  Just to restate, the interludes are more like 2 min songs than actual 'interludes' (think Anathema's \\"Childhood Dream\\" off \\"A Natural Disaster\\" - which could of just as well been 2 min of silence).  So these \\"interludes\\" are packed with strong melodies and vocal performance.      I do have my issues with this CD (such as cheesy lyrics in the song \\"Nostradamus\\" -- Nostradamus is \\"here to stay\\" huh?  Also Robs 'operatic' singing at the beginning sounds out of place/weak.)  And regarding the concept of Nostradamus I fall on the side of skepticism, so this release makes me cringe a bit in that sense.        But overall, their best release yet.
B00005JKC3|1.0|My take on the first Hulk was this. Ang Lee killed it. It wasnt supposed to be Crouching Hulk, Hidden Monster, ok. It was supposed to be what the new movie was. Hulk as Hulk. Thats it. Simplicity at its finest. If it aint broke, dont give it a damn Daddy Complex and make it way more deep that it needs to be. If you turned that movie on in the middle of it- youd never know youre watching the Hulk. It was like a damn lifetime movie. Way Tooo much thinking and creative liscense was taken with that movie and the end result was a hunk of crap. I couldnt believe how bad it was. Now I did feel for the actors- they were very very good, but the awful script and directing couldnt save them. I feel Jennifer Connelly was great and believable, as was Sam Elliot, who made a way better general than the one in the new film. However, you throw in killer poodles, and Hulk jumping over continents like SuperMario on crack and we got a problem. Love Hulk for what he is at his simplest form and dont add any filler. The story is good enough  and you dont need it.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|THIS WAS A MOTHERS DAY GIFT FOR MY MOM SHE LOVED IT THE ONLY THING A LITTLE SLOW IN SHIPPING
B00164DWEA|5.0|Well, well. Finally an appropriate redemption from that piece of crap \\"Hulk\\" movie from 2003. The new Hulk was true to its comic form, relevant, the actors were believable, the storyline kept you interested and the Action, was omg- Action packed!! Edward Norton was fantastic as Banner, not that I had any doubts. Although there are rumors that hes a perfectionist and hard to work with on the set, after seeing the finished product, it all paid off. He was completely realistic and relatable both as Banner and the Hulk. He had a slight vulnerability to  him in both roles that made him come across as the guy next door. He worked odd jobs in the movie,  moving from here to there quite frequently to be undetected by the Us government, which stayed true to the series. There were also salutes to Hulks past, giving very creative homage to the now deceased Bill Bixby, and the still in amazing shape, Lou Ferrigno who had a great cameo as a beefy security guard. Even Liv Tyler was very good. I wasnt sure she would be, as I did prefer Jennifer Connelly in the first movie. However, the chemistry she had with Edward Norton sold the movie and kept you interested in the underlying love story theme. All in all, you were in your seat fixated on the movie the whole time, and you left panting for more. The villians in the movie were also fantastic- at some point the government tries to make another Hulk-like super solider that ends up fighting the Hulk in the climactic final scene. It was a tad unbelivable that someone would volunteer to have that kind of transformation take place on purpose, where you want to become an enourmous Hulk-like creature, but hey, we have to suspend reality somewhere, after all, we are watching a super hero movie...lol! That villian was very cool, although they didnt need to have him talking. Being that he was initially a human, they had the human talking in the monster body. I think that took away from it ever so slightly. I love that the Hulk doesnt reallysay much except for a grunt here or there. It makes him more believable as a monster. (how funny is that last line... believable as a monster-lol!) When Hulk is Hulk, Banner isnt talking through him. They are very much seperate entities and that sells it. The villian they made reminded me a little of the movie \\"The Mask\\". When the mask was in the hands of the bad guy, he transformed into this monster but still ran around and spoke as the bad guy/human character. Whereas when Jim Carrey was the mask, he was a seperate entity altogether and one didn't remember any of the experiences of the latter. That is how the Hulk was. Banner did not have any complete memories of what happened when he was the Hulk. The end had some surprises also- as a cameo was made by Mr. Ironman himself, Tony Stark!! I almost jumped outta my seat on that one, as IronMan was a great kickoff to the summer but it did leave you wanting alot more. That movie was more of a preview to the sequels than a complete movie, as Hulk was. Now that leaves the door open to enjoy The Avengers perhaps, with some fantastic crossover action until Ironman2 and Hulk2 are ready for viewing.   My take on the first Hulk was this. Ang Lee killed it. It wasnt supposed to be Crouching Hulk, Hidden Monster, ok. It was supposed to be what the new movie was. Hulk as Hulk. Thats it. Simplicity at its finest. If it aint broke, dont give it a damn Daddy Complex and make it way more deep that it needs to be. If you turned that movie on in the middle of it- youd never know youre watching the Hulk. It was like a damn lifetime movie. Way Tooo much thinking and creative liscense was taken with that movie and the end result was a hunk of crap. I couldnt believe how bad it was. Now I did feel for the actors- they were very very good, but the awful script and directing couldnt save them. I feel Jennifer Connelly was great and believable, as was Sam Elliot, who made a way better general than the one in the new film. However, you throw in killer poodles, and Hulk jumping over continents like SuperMario on crack and we got a problem. Love Hulk for what he is at his simplest form and dont add any filler. The story is good enough  and you dont need it.   I LOVED this new movie and highly recommend it to everyone. Cannot wait to see what theyre going to do next in the Marvel franchise!!! Enjoy!
B000UD0ESA|5.0|Blade Runner has been one of my all-time sci-fi favorites. I bought the Director's Cut DVD several years ago because it was the only economical choice available. Like with some other DVD releases it was basic. Just the movie, and some cast/crew notes, plus the trailer. I wanted the commentary for it so badly. Maybe some extras.    I had heard some discussion a few years ago about the idea of coming out with another release, with commentary and extras, but there were doubts whether it would come together. There were particular doubts about Harrison Ford's participation, since the lore was there was some real bad blood between him and Ridley Scott, because of what happened during the production of Blade Runner. Well, Harrison chose not to disappoint. He's interviewed in the extras. I'm glad to see that! This release is just about everything I wanted.    The first disc has the \\"final cut\\" version of the movie. It turns out Ridley Scott actually shot a little footage in 2007 to fix it up! It has Scott's commentary, along with two other commentary tracks: production/writers, and design/special effects crew. The latter includes commentary by \\"Visual Futurist\\" Syd Mead.    The second disc has \\"Dangerous Days: The Making of Blade Runner\\", a 3.5-hour documentary on all aspects of the film, from when it was just Hampton Fancher's idea, to the final release. Among those interviewed are the director Ridley Scott, the writers Hampton Fancher and David Peoples, actors Harrison Ford, Sean Young, Rutger Hauer, Edward James Olmos, M. Emmet Walsh, Morgan Paull, Daryl Hannah, Joe Turkel, Joanna Cassidy, James Hong, the producers, the financiers, and the special effects crew (including Syd Mead). It was more than I could ever want in a \\"making of\\" extra. Great job. Interspersed throughout this documentary are clips of bloopers and deleted scenes. This was the only thing I wish they had separated out.    This 2-disc set does not contain a \\"deleted scenes\\" feature. The most significant deleted scene that I've seen in crappy online video is where Deckard comes to visit Holden in the hospital after he was shot by Leon. Clips of this deleted scene are in the documentary, but it's not available on its own.    I like seeing deleted scenes because sometimes they can provide insights into the story. Even so I can't be disappointed with this release. Like I said, it's more than what I hoped for in my wildest dreams. It's wonderful!
B000Y7U98C|2.0|I just watched this movie, twists and turns? Saw them coming. I found some of the movie hard to follow, unbelievable and just plain boring. Fifty years ago we started into space and we are to believe that this is what space travel will be in Fifty years? I didn't care for the actors, or their characters. This movie reminded me of Event Horizon but never got that good, just when you thought something was going to happen, it doesn't.        Rent it, watch it, forget it.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|Radiohead has suffered in a lot of people's minds because they have not recreated that special sound that was present in \\"Ok Computer\\" and \\"Kid A\\". But the problem, as I see it, is people praise albums just for the sake of going along with everyone else. One of the finest points of any album of Radiohead is their ability to layer in all sorts of sounds to drive a certain mood and feeling with their music. Upon this the place incredible lyrics that challenge, condemn, and motivate the listener.          Like not hear before I hear different sounds pulling all into one album to form a great sound. To me it is the first time since \\"Kid A\\" that I feel like they have begun to exhale. \\"Hail to the Thief\\" seemed to bring me up to the point of exhaustion. And it would seem once they were freed of a commitment to a company, they were allowed to exhale as well.  All these musical ideas that were formed into albums have now puled into this one.       \\"Weird Fishes/Arpeggi\\" is one of their best songs. For me this song embodies what Radiohead is all about. It delivers excellent musicality along with tremendous amounts of emotion. As some fans may feel like it's an soft version of Radiohead, I would ask them to revisit \\"The Bends\\" and \\"Ok Computer\\" to see that this is Radiohead in true form.    I also highly recommend finding the B side for this album.
0345345061|4.0|Surprisingly little in this book addresses Middle Earth directly.<br /><br />In particular, I enjoyed the sections of poetry.  Some of these were set in Middle Earth, while some were clearly not.<br /><br />Furthermore, Farmer Giles of Ham is a comic tale in the spirit of some of the best fairy tales (like Doctor Knowall).<br /><br />I too found The Battle of Maldron to be less than interesting, but there is so much more to this book that one can skip over it and still find plenty of worthwhile material.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|Sure \\"Shelter\\" had its moments of conflict and drama, but this is one of a very few gay love stories I have seen that doesn't dwell too much on the dark side of gay life in the 21st century.    Zach is a talented artist from the wrong side of the tracks who has to take care of his \\"family\\": A neglectful and self-centered sister, her 5 year old son, and his disabled father. Zach often dreams of leaving it all behind and pushes away his best friend and girlfriend, brooding and resigning himself to a life supporting all those around him while neglecting himself. He finds \\"shelter\\" so to speak in his art, surfing and skating, spending time with his young nephew who calls him \\"daddy\\", and eventually in the arms of an older wiser man named Shaun.    Shaun is a struggling writer visiting the beach to recover from a breakup. He is Zach's best friend's brother, and the two hit it off when they bump into one another on the beach. What follows is a touching, sexy trip as Zach realizes who he is and finds a way to break out of the rut he is in with the help of his lover and two best friends.     \\"Shelter\\" isn't perfect, but it is a huge step forward as far as gay love stories go in my opinion. Zach and Shaun are believable characters. Self-loathing, panicking parents, and stereotypes are washed out to sea in this gay film that focuses mainly on the drama and struggles of everyday life. Zach especially is a great character, trying to hold it together and do what is best for everyone he loves. The film also features a great soundtrack, which grows on you every time you hear it.    \\"Shelter\\" pulls at your heartstrings and makes you smile, something I wish more gay-themed movies would do.
B00009ZYBY|3.0|Great entertainment but hollow.  There are so many holes and so many details that are wrong in this movie that detracts a lot from a great performance from Russel Crowe that is about the only thing worth saving in this movie.  I want to be entertained but also want to learn something in the process and dislike very much when historical details in big budget movies are not taken into account.<br /><br />First the story was a remake of Fall of the Roman Empire which was a movie from the sixties, I believe that movie is better done than the more modern Gladiator.<br /><br />The quirks:  first is highly doubtful that the Second in Command of the Roman Empire will fall all the way to gladiator in the social ladder no matter the circumstances.  Great leaders as Maximus is depicted to be have partisans, friends, bankers, Senators and military men in their camp, these men will never allow their leader the shame of being sold as a slave.  Even if Maximus kept his identity in hiding the minute it was known it would have generated such an uproar in Roman Society (which was very conservative and class concious) that the Emperor would have to liberate the great man on the spot.<br /><br />Commodus was badly depicted, Roman annals usually depict him as a Hercules not as a wimp, he indeed fought in the arena as a gladiator to the astonishment and censure of the Roman Society and he indeed died in a coup but he didn't die in the arena as depicted in the movie but was assasinated by his mistress ( a gladiatrix and part of a well planned coup de etat) in his palace.  Marcus Aurelius was indeed a philosopher and a man of reason but never tried to return the Roman Empire to the control of the Senate, he nominated Commodus as his heir and there is no mention in any historical record of a General of the Northern Legions that achieved an status of rival heir to the empire to Commodus.  This is great historic license in a time where historical records abound.<br /><br />The gladiators were not paired as the movie depicts and did not use the equipment depicted in the movie.  There was a strict pairing of gladiator classes for example the Retiarius (net and trident) always fought the Secutor (short sword, shield, closed helmet); the Samnite (equiped as almost a roman legionnaire) fought the Tracian (heavy shield, short sword, hevily protected).  The contest was usually ability and speed against superior weapons. The movie shows gladiators not having a class system, and the equipment depicted looks more like 10th century sarracen helmets and other anachronistic weapons.  Since gladiators cost much to train and feed they were a huge investment for the owners making the fights to the death a rare ocurrence and not a norm such as the movie shows.<br /><br />The battle in Germania shows some interesting details and I like the way the soldiers are portrayed and the heavy use of artillery which is the first time I see in the recreation of a Hollywood Roman battle, but then they mar the effect by showing an infantry charge in testudo formation which was not used for open battle but only to breach a fortified position.  The Roman infantry relied on movility and their highly skilled use of weapons , first they approached the battle field at a convenient distance started the deluge of pilum as the legionnaires carried two javelins a light thrown at grater distance and a heavy thrown nearer to the enemy.  The purpose of this evolution is disabling the first rank of the enemy by killing, maiming or disaibling the shields and creating breaches in the enemy formation to be exploited in the subsequent charge.  After throwing the pilum javelins, the roman legion charged into the enemy at a run attacking with the gladius short stabbing swords, they did not use slashing techniques as portrayed in the movie but tried to stab the enemy at close quarters.  The battle as shown in the movie was badly choreagraphed and the romans did not use the advantage of superior trainingbut thay engage in a mele&eacute;.  The cavalry charge was probably well portrayed.<br /><br />Again we had the possibility of getting a great movie but some directorial decisions especially concerning the details made it a rather mediocre production.  This is hard to understand as there are many historians and consultants that could have been used to get the historical details right.alry charge was probably well portrayed.    Again we had the possibility of getting a great movie but some directorial decisions especially concerning the details made it a rather mediocre production.  This is hard to understand as there are many historians and consultants that could have been used to get the historical details right.
B0015FHDRW|5.0|After Green Day promised another album this year, I'd lowered my expectations. American Idiot wasn't as strong, in my opinion, as their older albums and Working Class Hero and The Saints Are Coming just weren't up to standard - they weren't fun enough. Then there was Foxboro Hottubs - incredible! Another The Network/Pinhead Gunpowder-style departure from the expectations attached to Green Day and it's absolutely amazing... the entire album reminds me of a mixture of 1,039 SOSH - Waiting era Green Day (especially some songs on the Waiting album, like Church On Sunday), The Kinks and a little bit of The Network. I definitely recommend it.
006135323X|3.0|For some time now, economists have been talking about rational people and rational behavior.  The more they've talked, the more puzzled the rest of us have become, because what they talk about often has no visible relationship to anything that exists in reality.  \\"Rational behavior\\" is sometimes among the most far-fetched imaginable.  This book offers an example on page 64:    \\"The rational consumer would estimate the amount of pleasure he expects to get from the Hershey's Kiss (let's say this is five pleasure units) and subtract the displeasure he would get from paying one cent (let's say this is one displeasure unit).\\"    Now I've never in my life tried to calculate numerical pleasure units for a Hershey's Kiss or anything else.  Nor has anyone else I know, and I'm willing to bet you haven't either.  That no one would want to suck the joy out of a piece of candy in that manner is common sense.  To economists, however, measuring the pleasure units of a chocolate is all in a day's work.    Dan Ariely is one economist who is catching up to what the rest of the world already knows.  \\"Predictably Irrational\\" is about his experiments in economics, all of which prove that ordinary people don't do what economists want them to do.  I won't argue with the experiments.  Most of them look sound, though there are flaws in a couple.  The big problem here is not what Ariely got wrong, but what he got right.  As a whole, the book demonstrates less how out of it people are and more how out of touch economists are.    For instance, there's a chapter on \\"The Cost of Social Norms\\".  Ariely concludes that people behave differently under social norms than under market norms.  In other words, we'll help out friends and family happily and freely.  Once money is involved, however, we'll want decent pay.  This, one would imagine, is obvious.  Lesser minds than Ariely's would have sufficed to discover it.    What really threw me was the discussion at the end of the chapter.  Ariely describes his experience at Burning Man, a festival where people exchange what they need without cash.  Ariely remarks that it was a pleasant, low-stress experience.  He says, \\"Could there be some aspects of our life that would be, in some ways, better without money?  That's a radical idea, and not an easy way to imagine.\\"    Now, here's the rub.  I can imagine it easily.  So could most other people.  Of course the invasion of money into our private lives has made things less pleasant.  Of course we'd be happier if we did more things on a friend-to-friend basis.  Of course life would be better if we worried about our finances less.  I'd reckon that every sensible person thinks so.  The idea is not \\"radical\\".  It's one of the most mainstream ideas around.    Ariely frequently designs experiments to prove things that are already known and makes `radical' new conclusions that are actually quite old.  By itself, this might be funny.  However, his unawareness of most human thinking also leads to wrong conclusions and bad solutions for the problems mentioned.    For example, he has a chapter called The Influence of Arousal.  He concludes that arousal is influential; we make different decisions when turned on--by sex or other things--than when we're `cold'.  Again, no surprises there.  Ariely acknowledges that this has been known for a while.  He references Stevenson's classis \\"Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde\\", though he could as easily have quoted the Apostle Paul.  (\\"My own behavior baffles me.  For I find myself not doing what I really want to do but doing what I really loathe.  Yet surely if I do things that I really don't want to do, it cannot be said that I am doing them at all,--it must be sin that has made its home in my nature.\\" [Rom 7:16-7])    What Ariely doesn't seem to know is that the human race has techniques for grappling with these problems.  His solutions are mechanical.  Cars should measure and respond to the driver's emotional state.  Credit cards should impose limitson how much we can spend.  Yet these fixes might well create problems of their own.  Why not instead return to the wisdom that civilization is based on?  Many people have successfully conquered their reptilian selves and achieved a greater unity, not only in our society but all over the world.  It takes effort, of course, so a technological quick fix sounds appealing, but we need something that's proven to work.    Ariely's problem is most acute in two chapters on honesty at end.  He proves that many people are dishonest (surprise!) and also looks at honesty in different circumstances.  For instance, he finds less cheating when people deal with cash than with other forms of money.  This may be interesting, but again his solutions again are small and unlikely to work.  He mentions ethics classis in college and graduate programs.  Morality, however, starts in grade school, not grad school.  Raising an honest person is a lifelong effort.  Our society's falling ethical standards cannot be fixed with a band-aid.
B000WC3A0S|5.0|there isn't much i can say that hasn't been said about the rocky series, It's one of the best movies ever made and very inspirational too. The music is fantastic and the whole story line keeps you interested from part 1 to part 6. I have watched these movies as a child and i will continue to watch them as an adult. this is one of those movies that I think we all can enjoy.
B0014BECF8|5.0|I adore this album.  I was young enough in the 80s to miss a lot of what makes George Michael great, but I'm catching up.  I don't have his other greatest hits (Ladies and Gentlemen), and although there is some definite overlap between the two albums, I was really happy when this one came out because it had more songs that I was familiar with and that I really enjoy.  I didn't really expect to like much more than the songs I knew, but I was very wrong- this is probably my favorite music purchase of the year.  Get it!
B000ULQV0W|5.0|This is an absolutely amazing soundtrack.  Eddie Vedder did an outstanding job on it.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Bought this for my husband who is a WWII buff.  Great movie.  Highly recommended.
0743298039|3.0|This is a fabulous writer who has an amazing facility of the english language. This was an intriquing novel and offered a good discussion for book clubs. It was slow at first, but then it was quite easy to get swept away into the mystery.
B000EWBKKI|3.0|It looks and sounds just a bit better than 1991...but not much. No special additional features, not a 'remastering'. But worth the $11 I paid here at Amazon.
0894803123|4.0|I have used the book and had good ice cream.  I used skim milk and splenda so it is not as cream as I would like but then I am low carbing it.  My parents also bought this book and tried making ice cream.  Theirs was wonderful from what they said over the phone.  Mother used whole milk and real sugar so the extra fat in milk should have made the ice cream a bit softer.  The less fat the more like an ice cube while the more fat you use the more creamy it will be.  Use whole milk and the heavy cream for softer ice cream.  There is no such thing as dietary fat to my  knowledge so skim milk will make hard ice cream.  Let it sit out a bit before eating and it will be fine.      Overall, this is a good book for making ice cream but not heavy on the technical stuff.  As a chemical engineer there is not a lot of detail I don't already know so all I care about is that the ice cream is what I want.      As for cooking eggs... I am not too worried.  Buy fresh eggs for your ice cream and I don't see a problem happening.  Use old eggs and I expect you will be spending a lot of time sitting on the toilet.  Some like slowly heating the egg base to make a custard base some don't care.  The eggs are used as a emulsification agent to hold the fat and water together.  Use fresh eggs and you should be fine.  If not be careful not to make scrambled eggs in the base.
B000WQ9UA8|5.0|I've been a Britney's fan for over 8 years now...I've heard a lot of things in the \\"Pop World\\" but this album is the best by far in years. My favourite record was \\"Britney\\" and not until I listened to \\"Blackout\\" did I realize how good it is. All song are \\"A+\\" but my favourite ones are \\"Gimme More\\", \\"Piece of Me\\", \\"Break the Ice\\" and \\"Toy Soldier\\".<br /><br />Blackout as an album holds together better than any of her other records, echoing the sleek club-centric feel of In the Zone but it's heavier on hedonism than its predecessor, stripped of any ballads or sensitivity, and just reveling in dirty good times, is state-of-the-art dance-pop, a testament to skills of the producers and Britney herself.<br /><br />Alex!
B0018AK9RA|3.0|2005 saw the reunion of the mighty Judas Priest and vocalist Rob Halford with their excellent comeback album \\"Angel of Retribution\\"; an album that was the best to come from Judas Priest in ages.  The final track of that album, entitled \\"Lochness\\", was a long and experimental-ish dirge that suggested a new direction that the band could possibly go in later on, which they seemingly have now with \\"Nostradamus\\".  A two-disc concept album, \\"Nostradamus\\" just seems to going for an epic, grandoise feel, but instead comes off as more overlong and self-indulgent than anything else.  Standout tracks like \\"War\\", \\"Prophecy\\", \\"Visions\\", and \\"Death\\" really display the excellent guitar work of K.K. Downing and Glenn Tipton, and Halford sounds great as usual, as if the operatic tone starts to wear thin.  As much as I love Judas Priest, some of the tracks featured here, including \\"Sands of Time\\" and \\"Plague and Pestilence\\" among others, just come off as overly campy and dull.  That in itself is disappointing, and while I applaud Priest for trying something somewhat new this time around, the end result is just something that the band as a whole is above creating.  \\"Nostradamus\\" isn't all bad though, and chances are that there will be plenty who will love it for what it is, but for the rest of us, the album ends up being a slight disappointment.
B000Y7U98C|5.0|I was totally blown away by the movie, the whole cast was great, i especially liked Cillian Murphy's role. The whole plot to start out with is good, and it just evolves greatly into a more scifi/horror around the middle. I recommends this to anyone, the story was great, it was paced excellently and the acting was superb.
B00005JNS0|5.0|It's funny. I am late coming to this movie because I was afraid it would be too intense for my child, who just turned 3. I have yet to let him watch Nemo. Also, I am doing everything I can to discourage NASCAR viewer ship in my household. (Being a Southerner, you choose between two classes - Thoroughbreds or stock cars.)<br /><br />At last, I gave in. My son loves the cars and although he had not asked for the movie, my partner and I needed a break from Thomas, so I bought the widescreen version of this movie.<br /><br />The first thing I realized was that this is the same story as Doc Hollywood. Now, I happen to be a sap and I loved Doc Hollywood, but I was afraid it might be a too-familiar theme to keep my interest. Suffice it to say, I did not pause the movie one time from start to end.<br /><br />Some say it does not have enough drama, but I am so glad no one has to die in this one, especially the Mom - and in a very loud and violent way - such as with Nemo. (I am still wondering whether Walt Disney ever got therapy for his Mother issues. Between the Mothers dying and the rest of the older women being witches - well...)<br /><br />The characters are amazingly well-developed, remarkably loveable and incredibly designed. The casting was perfect and the tons of little jokes and spoofs will keep us watching this for a long time - if for nothing else than to watch for the jokes we missed.<br /><br />We may have enjoyed it more than he did, but I know he will watch it many times in the months to come.<br /><br />Oh - and for those who didn't have at least one little tear - cut back on your Prozac.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|This is my favorite of all the Jane Austin stories.  I must have watched this DVD 20 times already.
B000O599ZS|5.0|A sure sign of \\"The Searchers'\\" greatness is the array of thoughtful comments here.  It is complex, and enigmatic, enough to inspire widely differing views, and the substantive reviews add welcome insights. It is among the greatest Westerns, and the primal AntiWestern; Ford and Wayne's supreme collaboration; and the first half, through the winter homecoming scene, is simply as good as filmmaking gets.  (Monument Valley deserves a special Supporting Oscar; such astonishing vistas transcend mere backdrop.)  John Wayne is at his peak, though \\"True Grit,\\" \\"Shootist\\" and \\"Stagecoach\\" rival this among his best.  It is not uniformly brilliant; as many note, the second half drags with a romantic subplot and is no longer very funny.  But these scenes reflect Ford's conception of community; its very mundaneness highlights outcast Ethan's problematic character.  As a product of its time we may deplore its racial and gender stereotyping; these aspects do not date well and keep it from being in the same class as, say \\"Seven Samurai\\" which eternally satisfies on all levels.  It's still a remarkable realization of a filmmaker's vision.  John Ford's best works often have a core scene which, sans dialogue and solely through visual/musical imagery, sums up the whole film while saying something profound about the human condition.  In both \\"Grapes of Wrath\\" and \\"Searchers\\" these miniatures come near the start and are absolute gems.  With so much to absorb, repeat viewings help to grasp its depth; critics in the 1950s clearly missed a lot.  But enough profundity!  An entertaining film and a great way to spend an evening.
B000001ELR|5.0|Honestly i like this album by kiss. I think its a great heavy album. what else is there too say its great just buy it if you dont have it awesome cd.
B001B1UO6W|4.0|A worthy edition of Child's Play hits shelves on September 9th as a nice appetizer before Halloween which is most horror fans version of Christmas.  What better gift then a good guy doll.      Chucky has become a horror icon over the years.  Directed by horror contributor Tom Holland who also directed [[ASIN:0767817664 Fright Night]].  Holland also wrote [[ASIN:B0009X76P0 Psycho II]] and the screenplays for the brutal [[ASIN:B0007WFXNK Class of 1984]] and the classic 80s film [[ASIN:B0003JAONG Cloak & Dagger]].  Another horror regular Brad Dourif and that voice, he makes Chucky a doll version of Samuel L. Jackson's, Jules, from Pulp Fiction.  Most notably his response to being thrown in the fire.  Dourif along with the Fx team helped create one of the best doll horror movies.  Other good one's that come to mind are the Zuni fetish doll from [[ASIN:B000FFJZO2 Trilogy of Terror]] and Stuart Gordon's [[ASIN:B000A7LR8W Dolls]].    The original dvd:  Originally Child's Play contained a non widescreen edition.  As for special features it contained a collectible behind the scenes booklet that wasn't very collectible.  If you'd like a real write up on Child's Play check out the somewhat new magazine HorrorHound.  In issue #10 they do a in depth retrospective on the Child's Play series.  I highly recommend this magazine as well, unlike Fangoria it does more articles on horror over the years instead of just new stuff.    The 20th Anniversary Edition:  Special Features  - Commentary track with creator/writer Don Mancini and producer David Kirschner.  - A second track with FX guru Kevin Yagher, Catherine Hicks (Kevin's wife; they met on the film), and now-grown-up Alex Vincent.  - A third track with Mancini and Chucky (Brad Dourif voicing in character).  - The film itself is presented in 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen.  - Making-of documentary blending archival footage with new, on-camera interviews with Mancini, Kirschner, Yagher, Hicks, Vincent, Chris Sarandon, John Lafia and Brad Dourif.  All this commentary should blow away the 1 page \\"collectible\\" piece of paper with the original dvd release.     I'd also recommend to those who like the series, which I do, (there a fun time) to pick up [[ASIN:B000FWHW86 Chucky - The Killer DVD Collection]], for those into cover art there is a doll of Chucky coming out of the cover with various weapons he can choose from on the side.    Hope this helps.
B000001ELL|4.0|First off this album is a disco rock album and isnt like other Kiss albums from the 70s. Second tensions in the band were at an all time high and peter criss didnt even play on this album instead they got anton fig too do that. he would leave in 1980. this album isnt like other kiss albums its more disco but i still think its a good album because some of the songs on here are pretty good but its just not like the old kiss.<br /><br />1. i was made for loving you 5/5 stars<br />2. 2,000 man 5/5 stars<br />3. sure know something 3/5 stars<br />4. dirty livin 4/5 stars<br />5. charisma 4/5 stars<br />6. magic touch 5/5 stars<br />7. hard times 2/5 stars<br />8. x ray eyes 4/5 stars<br />9.save your love 2/5 stars
B000063V8T|4.0|My husband and I are slowly watching all the NG episodes in order, we are still in the middle of season 4, but having season 5 here makes it easier to watch b/c any cliff hangers at the end of the season will not really be cliffhangers for me.  I wasn't a star trek fan until my husband made me watch several episodes of season 1, and since then I have become attached to the characters and notice a message in the episodes.  If you are a NG fan, you already want this season, if you aren't I recommend starting at the beginning.
B00000AF95|4.0|The second album of KISS with no makeup. This album is pretty good all the songs on here are good and its a good 80s rock album but the reason here I give it four stars is that because this isnt the KISS from the 70s. This was the KISS that was different and had no makeup and there sound changed completly. I still think its pretty good but its the only non makeup album ive bought because i prefer there makeup days with the original members...<br /><br />1. Ive Had Enough Into The Fire 4/5 stars<br />2. Heavens On Fire 5/5 stars<br />3. Burn Bitch Burn 5/5 stars<br />4. Get All You Can Take 3/5 stars<br />5. Lonely Is The Hunter 4/5 stars<br />6. Under The Gun 3/5 stars<br />7. Thrills In The Night 5/5 stars<br />8. While The City Sleeps 3/5 stars<br />9. Murder In High Heels 5/5 stars
B00001X590|5.0|this was joes first album that came out shortly befor his famed woodstock apperance and rightfully so launched him into stardom. it contains some of his best tracks including feelin alright and with a little help from my friends,but also great lesser known tracks like dont let me be misunderstood and a dylan cover just like a woman.however it is not perfect though cocker can do a cover like nobodys buisness the tunes on this album that are self penned are obviously weaker and you can see the drop in quality. but over all with notable muscians backing him like steve winwood and jimmy page it should be obvious this is a great album and demans purchase from any cocker fan.
0060920084|4.0|Actually, 3.4 stars. I am always up for a good American road trip book and I have very much enjoyed Bill Bryson's other books.  What I got was early Bryson before he found his heart and an America that was beginning to go to seed on its own indifferent overindulgences.  If you have not read anything else by Bill Bryson, do not start with this.  He got much better in a hurry and wrote some unmissable books, which you might not be inspired to go for if all you've read is this and ended up with a mild case of indigestion. And that would be a shame.    Anyway, in the late 1980's, Iowa native Bryson, who had spent his adult life to date living in England, returned stateside after his dad's death to rediscover America in much the same way his childhood vacations always went--a ramble by car through the heartland.  He envisioned stopping in those small town motels with neon signs that had pots of flowers outside and a nice courtyard pool.  He envisioned dining on decent local cuisine in a corner restaurant and later shambling about town on foot, discovering its pleasantries.  He headed southeast from Des Moines on the first half of a figure eight shaped path that would hit 38 of the 48 contiguous states before he was done, in his mother's old Chevette.  After a promising start in Pella, Iowa, things mostly don't go perfectly.  He is often bored, the food and food service often not good, and he finds Americans mostly fat and leading unexamined lives while their heritage slips through their fingers.      Bryson makes a lot of bratty jokes and it is obvious he is writing more for his audience in England than here (when he describes the size of a place, for instance, he compares it to Shropshire).  He reminds me of people who say they are licensed to tell Polish jokes because they are of Polish descent.  That said, the reason I did not demote this more stars is that he was not wrong and not overly cruel about our unexamined lives circa 1987-88.  Looking at his picture in time,America was an accident ready to happen. Now obesity is an epidemic, as is the wanton development and lack of municipal planning that has emptied our small towns and ringed our national parks and historic sites.  It seemed to him then that we had lost an incredible amount of our cultural heritage already but for those of us who had progressively absorbed it daily without really paying attention, it is really hitting home now.
B000050HTO|5.0|this is a great album for what it is and it is a career spanning compilation and as such is meant to include the finest tracks and is meant to give a sampler of an artist work which it does exceptionally well. no it doesn't have all his best tracks and yes everybody has their little probelems,but for those uniniated or just starting out with a minimal dylan collection its a great starter i guarantee you'll come back too time and again.
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|I think this show was totally a waste of time and money. Most of the time the camera was jittering all over the place. I can't focus on the video properly most of the time. This show was a complete nauseating movie or homemade video production. As this cover of the DVD was quite interesting, I watched it on a DVD rental and I did not buy this video at first. When I watched the first 30 minutes of the show, my eyes were getting tired focusing on the screen. It was exactly like a movie I saw quite a long time ago about some witch project thing. Its has no plot except people running around screaming, yelling and shouting. Just does not make sense.
B0000E1ALR|5.0|this is a great album for what it is and it is a career spanning compilation and as such is meant to include the finest tracks and is meant to give a sampler of an artist work which it does exceptionally well. no it doesn't have all his best tracks and yes everybody has their little probelems,but for those uniniated or just starting out with a minimal springsteen collection its a great starter i guarantee you'll come back too time and again. its just plain great music
0723257639|5.0|My four year old granddaughter loves to have these stories read to her from the full collection I purchased for her mother when she was young. My daughter-in-law loves to read and teaches first grade. She just had her first child and I gave this as a gift. It is wonderfully bound and can certainly be kept for future generations.
B000002MUN|5.0|tom petty has done alot of music in the last thirty years but i'd have to say this ranks among his best cds ever produced and definitly his best in the past 15 years, just one great track after another from \\"you dont know how it feels\\" to \\"you wreck me baby\\",\\"honey bee\\" and \\"crawling back to you\\" all rank among his best work.honestly if you are a new petty and looking for what to buy first but his greatest hits, but then come to this. i highly reccomend it.
B000002J2B|5.0|This album is made for those who likes the mix of mythological, English tales, with music with a blend of the classical and progressive rock. This album is to be listened in all its intensity. Four of the most beautiful tracks done by Genesis: One for the Vine, Blood on the Rooftop, In the Quiet Earth, and of course the most spiritual love song Afterglow, are all here...Strongly recommended, I still listen to it, it's timeless.
1416563156|5.0|Purchased two journals for two adult  thirtysomething  children, who are crazy for anything about the Indiana jones adventures. Both children love the photos and drawings. To make the journal look old I wrapped the journals in tea dyed chamois!    They were a Hit!
B00005JKJA|5.0|Just through Eraserhead and Blue Velvet, David Lynch had proven himself to be the oddest, and one of the most daring filmmakers out there; and also one of my favorites. Mulholland Drive emotionally gripped me more than any Lynch film since Blue Velvet, and it still grips me more than most films today.<br /><br />First of all, the script is among the deepest I've ever seen. This is one of the only films I know of where every single person who's seen it had a different interpretation. I of course have one, but I'll not explain too much; but the sheer fact of this is just mere proof that this is a film you have to see to believe; and most of the stuff you do try to believe you might just find was not a reality and was just a trip into one's mind. Yes, this film truly is, at times, a trip into the mind, dreams, and desperate desires of one woman. There are several different things this woman can be called; I tend to view her as just human with the same desires as any other (but my views of the film definitely do not stop there).<br /><br />To truly understand this film, you have to pay attention to everything; the location, the words, the context of words, the arrangement of speech, the arrangement of characters, the relationships of characters (especially between the two leading women and their relationships with others), the reasoning behind characters' acts, even the lighting, and even the smallest detail or object to the side of the screen; in this film, everything is truly important to everything else. You also must know quite a bit about actors and definitely some knowledge on classic hollywood. In this paragraph alone, David Lynch has created a true masterpiece.<br /><br />I was very disappointed in the 2001 Oscars when it came to the nominations; this film got a sole nomination for Best Director. And while Lynch was certainly deserving of that, this film should've also been nominated for Best Original Screenplay, Best Picture, and Best Actress for Naomi Watts (her Oscar nominated work in 21 Grams doesn't even touch her work here). Oh well then.in 21 Grams doesn't even touch her work here). Oh well then.
B000UJ48U4|2.0|I won't go into the plot or major themes of this film, as other reviewers have done an adequate job of it. I truly believe actors make or break a movie. As such, this film could have been very good, but suffers deplorably from a lack of quality acting. Tom Cruise is not a favorite of mine, but does a passable job as the manic<br />spouse of a woman who shares her thoughts of infidelity.<br /><br />I found Kidman's performance (as so often is the case with this highly overrated actress) substandard, to say the least. Gratuitous shots of her boney, barenaked assets (no less than three of them in the first third of the film with no context whatsoever) does not qualify as fine acting. The nauseatingly phony delivery she gives as a drunken party reveler at the beginning of the film sets the pace for the rest of the movie, in which she makes a miserable (and somewhat laughable) attempt at getting stoned in one scene and offers a pathetically false display of artificial emotion after relating a bad dream to her \\"husband\\" in another.<br /><br />Other directors besides Kubrick have capitalized on Kidman's latent narcissism and tendency toward exhibitionism in order to mask the artificial quality of her acting. Cold Mountain and Fur:  An Imaginary Portrait of Diane Arbus are two recent examples that come to mind. Time and time again, Ms. Kidman makes acting choices that showcase her alleged physical \\"beauty\\" rather than reveal her true skill as a convincing and reliable actor. Eyes Wide Shut is no exception. Actresses such as Charlize Theron, Hilary Swank, and Cate Blanchett are exceptional not only because their physical beauty resonates on film when they portray \\"ordinary\\" women, but because they are willing to manipulate and transcend traditional images of beauty in order to explore other facets of female experience. Not ironically, Kidman finally received her prized golden statue when she dared to portray someone other than a shadow of her own superficial self in The Hours.<br /><br />Personally, I found the subject matter of the film and the scenes involving the sex rituals to be provocative. Hence, two stars for a film that suffers from bad casting and unfilfilled potential but explores interesting<br />questions related to communication, trust, and fidelity among committed partners.I found the subject matter of the film and the scenes involving the sex rituals to be provocative. Hence, two stars for a film that suffers from bad casting and unfilfilled potential but explores interesting  questions related to communication, trust, and fidelity among committed partners.
0312330537|5.0|Shantaram came to me highly recommended by someone who has read constantly over the last 30 years.  I began this book and simply could not put it down!  I tried to make myself read it slowly because I knew when I was done I would not find another of it's caliber for 5 years or more.  I mostly read books in the field of sprituality or quantum physics. This admittedly is out of those fields and yet it's theme, forgiveness, is what I am all about.  India has always been close to my heart; not quite sure why, and yet it brought India home to me in a way that no others have done.  I believe that all people, especially students, should read this book because it will impact them to strive to be better individuals in a way that is very basic.  It will change attitudes to make them better, in that one will behave more compassionately, and kind to all the people we meet in this world.  It has already had a profound impact on me in treating others as equal, so that the world in which we see them as unequal will disappear.  It will make you laugh out loud, cry and put it down for a spell, just to ponder it's philosophies, and catch your breath.  No matter what your position in this world, I believe that this book is a MUST read for anyone who wants a real thrill ride, with some sound philosophy behind it.  My husband is an avid reader as well and he read this 933 page book in 3 days, because it is THAT good!   This is a book no one should miss.
B000077VR3|1.0|.....Nicole Kidman's hair extensions, which outperformed the<br />majority of this woefully inept cast.<br /><br />Genius? High art? Spiritually infused with symbolism? Evidently<br />I needed to be drinking something stronger than I was when I<br />first viewed this film. Maybe there was a method behind the<br />film's references to absynthe after all.<br /><br />Two things drive a good film:  plot and character. When both<br />are developed properly and the right actors are chosen, movie<br />magic occurs. For me, this film had the potential to create<br />magic, but failed miserably due to a directorial lack of focus and<br />unbelievably poor casting. To be sure, the sets are grand and<br />the costumes visually stunning. However, the choppy editing,<br />sophomoric musical score and trite story line would have been far<br />more palatable--and forgivable--had it not been for the deplorable<br />acting.<br /><br />Many reviews have cited Nicole Kidman as the \\"sexy\\" \\"erotic\\"<br />\\"passionate\\" centerpiece of the film. For me, this tall, skinny,<br />anemic woman with protruding gums and motionless facial<br />features had all the sex appeal of a wet noodle. When I think of<br />courtesans, I picture smouldering, voluptuous women whose<br />eroticism stems from a raw and steely core hardened by worldly<br />excess and exploitation. Women who are a bit rough around the edges.<br />Kidman and Luhrmann needed to take a page out of Jessica Rabbit's<br />book and watch Dr. Frank N. Furter come down the elevator shaft a few<br />times before fashioning Kidman's high class [...], who was too busy<br />looking \\"pretty\\" on a swing to truly afford the character any depth or soul.<br /><br />Adding to Satine's lack of proper characterization is Kidman's lousy<br />acting. Her performance first begins to completely unravel during the<br />\\"Rhythm of the Night\\" scene, in which she awkwardly chirps, trills, and<br />trapses around the club shaking her ostrich feathers in the face of the<br />lead. It's hard to determine just who she's channeling here, but it appears<br />to be a combination of Carmen Miranda, Gloria Estefan, and Lucille Ball<br />on crack. The film unravels further as she rolls around on the floor in some<br />fake, cheesy, orgasmic trance as Ewan McGregor recites cliched lines from<br />\\"Your Song,\\" which supposedly send her into some freakish sexual frenzy.<br />(At this point in the film her accent is quasi-American but will morph into<br />something like British later in the film).<br /><br />Continuing scenes are intermittantly punctuated by a lot of fake hacking and<br />coughing and breaking out into song, which showcases a weak voice by traditional<br />blockbuster musical standards. (In other words, your not gonna get the goose<br />bumps that break out when you hear Jennifer Hudson sing.) After a few extremely<br />contrived crying scenes at the end of the film (one of which must have relied on<br />glycerine and amonia), Kidman pulls out a dying scene so ridiculous and prolonged<br />that I thought the protagonist was going to die before she did (there's a cinematic<br />opportunity that was missed!). The only dying scene that rivals the cheesiness of<br />Kidman's death in Moulin Rouge! is Sophia Coppola dying in Godfather III. Folks,<br />it's that bad.<br /><br />Ewan McGregor as the lovestruck poet is not entirely terrible, but he's<br />not spectacular either. Throughout the film, the young man in the monkey<br />suit attempts to win the affections of Kidman's holy [...] (archetypes,<br />people, archetypes) with trite endearments such as.....breaking into song.<br />His vocal talents are a bit stronger than Kidman's, although the delivery is<br />somewhat flat. While I truly do feel his anguish at the end of the film when<br />Satine chokes out her last breath, I do not witness the incredible chemistry<br />between the two actors so many others do. For example, at the crescendo of<br />the \\"Elephant Medley\\" when the two are facing each other in the entrance to<br />the, umm, \\"Elephant Room,\\" their hands are at their sides while they're singing!<br />At a moment when both lovers needed to passionately embrace at the<br />completion of a very important medley that tells their \\"STORY,\\" the actors<br />were too busy concentrating on hitting the high notes of the songs to stay<br />completely in character. Knitpicky, you say? For me, this obvious oversight<br />epitomizes the lack of passion and chemistry between the two throughout the<br />film. They do not, by any means, raise the room temperature with their sizzle.<br /><br />As for John Leguizamo's midget artist with a speech impediment,<br />I found the performance goofy and embarrassing. All anyone can<br />do is pray that his \\"To Wong Foo\\" days are not completely over and<br />that he hasn't completely degenerated to just a second rate supporting<br />goon in high budget disasters like this one.<br /><br />For those of you still on the fence about seeing this movie, I heartily<br />recommend you do. A film that invites this much discussion and<br />passionate debate is worth seeing, if for no other reason than to<br />become part of the ongoing dialogue. Is this film phenomenal? Hardly.<br />Did it deserve an Oscar? Please. Do the lead actors do the story, sets<br />and costumes justice? No. Did it convince many members of film-going<br />audiences over the last seven years that all they need is love? Allegedly.<br />And while it is my contention that other films have done a far better job<br />of packaging and selling the \\"love\\" construction, Moulin Rouge! retains a<br />heavily-contested yet no less viable place in the ongoing conversation<br />of how it should appear on screen.pletion of a very important medley that tells their \\"STORY,\\" the actors   were too busy concentrating on hitting the high notes of the songs to stay   completely in character. Knitpicky, you say? For me, this obvious oversight   epitomizes the lack of passion and chemistry between the two throughout the   film. They do not, by any means, raise the room temperature with their sizzle.    As for John Leguizamo's midget artist with a speech impediment,   I found the performance goofy and embarrassing. All anyone can   do is pray that his \\"To Wong Foo\\" days are not completely over and   that he hasn't completely degenerated to just a second rate supporting   goon in high budget disasters like this one.      For those of you still on the fence about seeing this movie, I heartily   recommend you do. A film that invites this much discussion and   passionate debate is worth seeing, if for no other reason than to   become part of the ongoing dialogue. Is this film phenomenal? Hardly.   Did it deserve an Oscar? Please. Do the lead actors do the story, sets   and costumes justice? No. Did it convince many members of film-going   audiences over the last seven years that all they need is love? Allegedly.  And while it is my contention that other films have done a far better job   of packaging and selling the \\"love\\" construction, Moulin Rouge! retains a   heavily-contested yet no less viable place in the ongoing conversation   of how it should appear on screen.
0810994739|1.0|This book is mean spirited and not really appropriate for children. I recommend parents read the book before they give it to children younger than 12.
B0001MDP3G|2.0|Take the plot from Moulin Rouge, move it from Paris to the Civil War South, tweak it a bit here and there, and you get the film version of Cold Mountain. Placing an overrated Australian actress and a British pretty boy in the lead roles of a film meant to be about the American South during the Civil War is beyond offensive.<br />Were there no American actors available to take on these parts? Not surprisingly, neither Kidman nor Law could effectively nail the accents, which made an already trite, poorly executed love story even more painful to withstand. As is frequently the case with Nicole Kidman, you get a self-conscious, contrived performance rather than a reliable and convincing portrayel of a definitive character with true dimension. As is also frequently the case with her movies, the casting agents deftly placed a reliable supporting actress in the film to counteract her obvious weakness. Renee Zellweger single handedly carried the movie and made it watchable. For this reason, I awarded the film two stars. Her performance makes watching this otherwise<br />poorly casted film worthwhile.
0738206709|5.0|I've read this book right after the \\"Just for fun\\" by Linus Torvalds, and the approach is somewhat different. \\"Just for fun\\" has the light weighted style of a talk show with all the inside details that make the delights of every geek fan. \\"rebel code\\" goes beyond this with a global overview of the Open Source/Free Software revolution. Everyone is there!<br />It also provides a deep view from the perspective of the \\"survival of the fittest\\" projects. Popping-up to the light from the mass of ideas just be absorbed on the global wave, or even disappear, all the relevant projects and participants of this movement are accurately contextualized.<br />This book is a must read for everyone that wants to get to know a bit more of this amazing new world that emerges from the freedom of choice in what concerns information.
B000WGWQG8|1.0|John Adams the biography is one of the great history books of all time. This mini-series does the book, John Adams, and the viewer great injustice.<br /><br />Overacting is the lightest offense. Anyone who has read much of Adams' own words will have a difficult time seeing him in this series.<br /><br />However those who know anything HBO has done, will have no difficulty discerning their fingerprints on this series. Partial male frontal nudity in the first episode (a man's clothes are torn from him while he is tarred and feathered). The second episode (dis) graces us with Franklin talking about castration and men's 'stones'.<br /><br />What would have been an entertaining and educational series, reflective of Adam's own values, has been corrupted and poorly executed. That McCullough has allowed his name to be associated with it is quite dissappointing.<br /><br />The much older John Adams series, while less professionally polished, shines far more brightly.
1423101464|5.0|I was a little disappointed in The Titan's Curse, but this book ranks up there with the first.  The pace is faster and is very exciting.  I can't wait for the next one (and sadly the last).  I am a middle school teacher, and this has been one of the few series that my male readers have enjoyed.  One even bought his own copy about the time I bought mine.
B0014XCMVM|5.0|I truelly enjoyed this album. It is a great album and very fun to listening to for all ages. I am excited to say I will be buying more copies for friends!
B00159679S|4.0|A bargain dream for the Wagner fanatic and the beginning Wagner-lover alike...At this price you can't afford NOT to own it, unless you have them all already! That encomium now dispensed with, let us get on with the specifics: The set ranges from good to great, even legendary, but there are many variables.    THE FLYING DUTCHMAN(1961):Wolfgang Sawallisch is his usual forthright, straight-ahead self, and that can be a blessing in Wagner. Tempi tend toward brisk and textures are unusually clear. Franz Crass is a fine Dutchman, a beautiful voice always in service to the text. He broods better, though in the La Scala performance, of 1966 with Rysanek. Anja Silja's voice is girlishly bright, almost shrill at times but she captures Senta's manic obsession without going over the top. Fritz Uhl is a better-than-average Erik. The veteran Josef Greindl lightens his voice admirably, and there is some fine character work, but his half voice approach is not always attractive. The balance between stage and pit is fine. A very good, but not great, performance in which the chorus steals the third act.    TANNHUSER(Dresden version, 1962): This was the notorious scandal of the season, Grace Bumbry's \\"Black Venus\\" which, for all the fuss (first black singer at Bayreuth, no big whoop these days) isn't as well sung as we would expect from her other recordings. Not bad, but not as voluptuous as, say, her Eboli. Silja is not at her best either, reminding me a good deal of Gwyneth Jones, and not in a good way. Windgassen is at his best, though; a voice I find hard to love (that top range can get awfully pinched) in an artist I always respect and admire. This is some of his most beautiful singing on record. Eberhard Wchter is a bit coarse as Wolfram, a real disappointment from such a rich-voiced singer. Greindl is adequate as the Landgraf, Franz Crass is wasted in the minor role of Biterolf, but Gerhard Stolze, before his stroke, reminds us of what a formidable singer he could have been.The chorus is fine, but the sound is so overly balanced to the stage that the orchestra sometimes disappears. There is an awful lot of stage and audience noise, very brightly recorded. The stage vs. pit balance is decidedly toward the singers, sometimes unnervingly so. Overall a good second recording, though the chorus, as usual, is excellent.    LOHENGRIN (1962): This is a GREAT Lohengrin. Not the blockbuster of Solti's, but clear, solid and sensitive. All the singers are at the top of their form. Silja is sweetly girlish and sensitive, a teenager eager for her sexual awakening, Jess Thomas ranges from heroic to tender and everything in between. The third act duet is a real joy. Ramon Vinay and Astrid Varnay, both Bayreuth veterans as tenor and soprano, are outstanding as the baritone and mezzo villain pair. Tom Krause is an unusually sensitive Herald, and Franz Crass, as King Henry the Fowler, is in superb voice, cutting through the massive ensembles. The choruses and brass fanfares are brilliant, with the second act finale especially good. The only disappointment is the very difficult act one chorus before Lohengrin's entrance: very clear and precise, but no real tension and excitement. Overall the sound is good, orchestra to pit ratio excellent.     TRISTAN UND ISOLDE (1966): This is the best Tristan recording available. If you don't already know that, there's nothing much more I can say. Bhm's orchestra is all white-hot passion; Windgassen, Nilsson, Ludwig, Talvela, Wchter...everyone at the peak of their game. If you already have it, don't worry, you can give the old one as a gift, or sell it.    DIE MEISTERSINGER (1967): This was the Centenary of this opera, and Bayreuth could have done better. (Bavarian State Opera, just up the road, did it proud: get the Kubelik recording of that production!) Karl Ridderbusch is a fine, Sachs, the chief reason for this recording being reissued, I guess, although I find his phrasing rather choppy at times. Hans Sotin, atthe beginning of his career is excellent, too. This opera benefits from the italianate touch of Silvio Varviso in the pit. But Hannelore Bode, although she sings well, is a bit overpowering as Eva. And Jean Cox...never heard of him? Here's the reason. Its a decent performance, but not one of the top features of the set.    DER RING DES NIBELUNGEN (1967 & 1971?): This is a very, very great Ring, although it is reviled by some who learned it from the Solti recording. That is also a very, very great Ring, but quite different. Bhm's tempi are quicker, his colors brighter, and the textures clearer. It should be remembered that Bhm was of an earlier generation than Solti and Karajan. He learned much from his close association with Richard Strauss, who was an assistant conductor at Bayreuth for several years, working with Levi and Mottl, who learned it from, guess who...the composer. So it just may be that Bhm has it right.  Theo Adam is a very great Wotan, his voice clear and diction incisive, his characterization powerful and deep. Nilsson and Windgassen are perhaps better, at least more spontaneous than in the studio. Rysanek is glorious, if a bit loony as Sieglinde, but hey, you would be too if you'd been through...well, you know. James King is fine again as Siegmund, maybe not so intense as in Solti, but vocally solid. Gerd Nienstedt is surprisingly good as Hunding, a very low bass role, after a strong Donner, a baritone, in Das Rheingold. The Ride of the Valkyries is one of the most vivid I've ever heard. While much of the cast duplicates the Solti set, there are some interesting difference: Erwin Wohlfahrt's Mime is darker and richer than Stolze's; Thomas Stewart (Karajan's excellent Wotan) is overkill as Gunther, but doesn't acheive the tragic grandeur of Hermann Uhde in the '53 Krauss Goetterdaemmerung. Vera Soukupova's Erda is exemplary, while Ludmilla Dvorakova's Gutrune is, well, not. Still, There is much greatness here, and at a price $40 less for thisentire set than this Ring alone, seriously worth it.    PARSIFAL (1985): James Levine had conducted the centennial performance of this opera at Bayreuth three years earlier with nearly the same cast except for Leonie Rysanek. While still a great actress and effective in act one, she was largely intolerable in the second act. Waltraud Meier, on the other hand, was at the very beginning of her steep trajectory into the Wagnerian stratosphere as Kundry and Isolde. Levine's tempi are even slower here than at the 100th Anniversary,(I believe this is the slowest Parsifal on recording; the prelude is 4 minutes longer than Solti's and the 1st act is 7 minutes longer than Karajan) and everyone in the cast has trouble coping with the languor. Not that there aren't some very beautiful moments here and there, but you will have to be very patient to get to them. Hoffmann shows serious vocal decline and absolutely no interpretive growth in the role of Parsifal, considering he'd been singing the part for at least five years . Meier is a bit tentative, and Simon Estes' Amfortas ranges from blustery to mawkish. Hans Sotin's huge sonorous voice mainly works to fill out the sluggishness of Levine's baton. I miss the expression of the  magnificent '82 performance. Also missing here is a decent microphone over the stage. The sound is decidedly balanced toward the pit, making the singers difficult to hear at times. Was this at Sunny Jim's insistence? This is not a Parsifal I would recommend as a first or second recording, but its the one thats here. Maybe the '62 Knappertsbusch would have been more appropriate. But this is my 15th Parsifal recording, so what do I know?    Overall, this compendium scores best on Lohengrin, Tristan and the Ring. But you can't beat the price, even with a bag of chips thrown in. The booklet contains cast-lists and a few non-functional errors(one amusing typo puts Erda and two of the Rhinemaidens into Die Walkre), directories of cues, and synopses with cuepoints in English, French, and German. There is one very early photo of Wagner. Packaging is minimal: A cardboard box, and the discs are in plain sleeves with a clear window, each disc is numbered consecutively (i.e. Tannhaeuser Act III is disc #5, Parsifal Act I starts on disc #30)and the print is small, so if you aren't careful they will easily get out of order and hard to sort through. Consider the liberal use of some Sharpies and color code, or get extravagant and print clear label overlays. I've put mine in 4 to a page sheets in a binder. The individual sheets come out easily and fold up CD size.    For anyone just starting on the journey through the Wagner operas, this is a great start. For those of us who have been traveling this path for decades, its a great supplement. Now what do I do with my DGG Tristan? Ebay?
B0018AK9RK|5.0|At first I thought it was pompously disappointing, but I'm beginning to realize now that this is a beautiful, exciting, ingenious album. It took me a while to get used to all those highly uncharacteristic features: the slow songs, the background vocals, the dominant keyboards, the acoustic bits, the synthesized string sections. But after quite a few careful spins, I've really fallen in love with it. It's a real rock opera, complete with bombastic songs, dramatic lyrics, seriously condensed arrangements, constant twists and turns, and a desperate yearning for the sublime that often borders on the ridiculous. Killer stuff. True, the uncompromising, solemn approach might be laughable at times, but at least there are no cute, light, throwaway songs here, the kind of juvenile anthems normally written in five minutes during a break in the studio, songs that, unfortunately, have plagued almost every previous Priest release, including the old masterpieces. Ultimately, it's a classic concept album: dark, mysterious, and somewhat hard to comprehend, the type of musical effort that forces you to listen to it over and over again in a pleasurable attempt to figure out what in the name of God is going on. Tipton and Downing deliver some of their best intertwining guitarwork, Ian Hill plays a mean, distinctive, inventive bass, Scott Travis is hard and heavy on the drums, and Halford's voice is simply superb: no childish death growls, very few falsetto shrieks, and plenty of the good old steady baritone, full of power, emotion, and control. An absolute winner.
006135323X|3.0|Ariely is a good writer whose book catches onto the _Freakonomics_ craze by taking a look at times when people make different decisions that typical \\"laissez faire\\" economic theories would expect.  His book is a fairly easy read and does include some surprising results through social-science experimentation.<br /><br />However, the text is not without its flaws.  For instance, some of the breathlessly-reported \\"surprising\\" results aren't all that surprising or even controversial.  For instance, the effect of a \\"free\\" item on consumer decision-making is vastly overstated as irrational.  This idea is old-hat to most and doesn't make much of a point.  More troubling, however, is the unstated difference between this brand of social science and pure economics, and the author states such at the end of the text:  the ultimate goal of such discovery is to alter and market certain things that are \\"beneficial\\" to most people into \\"free lunches\\" which are irresistable to the average Joe.<br /><br />Here is where pure economics gets it right:  there is no such thing as a \\"free lunch\\", no matter what social economics claims.  The buck always stops somewhere.  If people are going to make \\"better\\" decisions about things, someone somewhere is going to decide what \\"better\\" is.  And if someone else is deciding the terms of this \\"better\\", it no longer falls on the individual to do so.<br /><br />It is true that human beings cannot always be protected from themselves.  If this is true, then this is tenfold true for random human beings (usually via government nannyism) who force \\"better\\" upon all people, rational or otherwise.  Ariely never tries to face this dilemna, and it weakens the conclusion of the book considerably.  This is an entertaining read, and worth your time as a second or third go at _Freakonomics_-like thought, but it doesn't hold a candle to the original.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|At first I thought it was pompously disappointing, but I'm beginning to realize now that this is a beautiful, exciting, ingenious album. It took me a while to get used to all those highly uncharacteristic features: the slow songs, the background vocals, the dominant keyboards, the acoustic bits, the synthesized string sections. But after quite a few careful spins, I've really fallen in love with it. It's a real rock opera, complete with bombastic songs, dramatic lyrics, seriously condensed arrangements, constant twists and turns, and a desperate yearning for the sublime that often borders on the ridiculous. Killer stuff. True, the uncompromising, solemn approach might be laughable at times, but at least there are no cute, light, throwaway songs here, the kind of juvenile anthems normally written in five minutes during a break in the studio, songs that, unfortunately, have plagued almost every previous Priest release, including the old masterpieces. Ultimately, it's a classic concept album: dark, mysterious, and somewhat hard to comprehend, the type of musical effort that forces you to listen to it over and over again in a pleasurable attempt to figure out what in the name of God is going on. Tipton and Downing deliver some of their best intertwining guitarwork, Ian Hill plays a mean, distinctive, inventive bass, Scott Travis is hard and heavy on the drums, and Halford's voice is simply superb: no childish death growls, very few falsetto shrieks, and plenty of the good old steady baritone, full of power, emotion, and control. An absolute winner.
B0013BNY2Q|5.0|Thank God REM is back!  I have been listening to them forever, and longed for them to return to the sound that makes them great.  They had a hard time when Bill Berry left, and I think they were struggling to keep their identity.  I also have to mention, with out a doubt, they ate the best live band ever, hands down!  I have seen them three times, and just saw them in Philadelphia last week.  I even took my kids (ages 13, 10, and 7).  They had a great time.  I can not say enough about my love for this band.
0399230033|5.0|My daughter loves this book.  It's definitely a pre-bedtime favorite and it is a terrific segue into telling her that since the zoo is going ni-ni that she has to as well.
0345479092|3.0|I read this book back-to-back with Babywise, and both books recommend the same EASY approach.  The basics are worth following, but I found some of the specifics in the Baby Whisperer laughably hard to implement.  Specifically, there are not enough hours in the day to do everything she says to do.      First, she recommends the mother nap from 2-5 every afternoon.  If a breastfed baby eats every 2 1/2 to 3 hours, how is that possible?  If a feeding takes 30-40 minutes, then active time takes another 30-45 minutes, and it takes 20 minutes to calm the baby for her nap (all her time estimates), the mother is simply not left with a three-hour block of time at any point in the day.    Second, her evening schedule leaves virtually no time for a parent to prepare and eat dinner (or any other activity, for that matter).  She advocates two evening feedings, two hours apart, along with a daily bath and massage routine, which takes another 60 minutes (30 minutes for each activity), and then a \\"dream feed\\" when the baby is asleep before the parents retire for the night.  Following the time estimates she gives, don't expect to eat until after 9 pm, and good luck trying to squeeze anything else into your evening.      If I had a dedicated maid, chef, and baby nurse, I could easily following the EASY plan.  Without such a staff, however, I'm having to pick and choose what works with my six-week-old.  Overall, I'm glad I read the book, but I could have done without the anxiety caused by trying to follow the full approach.
B0010ZR160|5.0|I had heard the hype about this movie and decided to give it a chance. Boy am I glad I did.  This movie has a great cast, with great acting. Great filming. And a fantastic convoluted plot that turns and twists until the bitter end. I have to say, I haven't seen such a cat and mouse pursuit in quite some time as what the characters portray here.  I really don't want to give too much away except to say that this is a must watch film. You have to pay close attention, but it is well worth every minute.
B0018S6YOE|1.0|WOW!! She has some nerve to re-release an awful album. If your 1st single is Umbrella, which is a great pop song. You better make sure your BRING on the HEAT for the remaining songs on the album. This is not the case with this album & all her other albums. Rihanna seems to think people go platnium 10 times from only how addictive their 1st single is and then deliver her fans a GARBAGE album with tons of boring FIZZLE. When i heard the song \\"Take a Bow\\" and the one with Maroon 5, i thought she was releasing a whole new album. She releases a new album every year and what makes this year any different then the others? None of her CDs have staying power. So i really thought this was an entirely new album. I was shocked to find out it was a re-release. You have no right to re-release a CD unless you've gone platnium 10 times and theres artist that go beyond that and still havent done re-releases. If your gonna do a release make sure there's atleast 5 songs & no extra remixes. She only has 3 new songs on here. One of them isnt even hers. Theres a trend with awful albums getting a re-release these days like Beyonce, Fergie, Justin etc. If you cant deliver a good product the 1st time around then just release a whole new album. Dont re-release a CD & think it will win your fans over. And in the same paper packing no LESS!!! Ridiculous!!!!
0894803123|3.0|Initially, I was very excited for this recipe book, but after reading it, I realized that none of the recipes with eggs had you cook them. - just mix the raw eggs and put them in the ice cream maker.  No thanks.  Don't think I will be able to use any of the base recipes.  May use the interesting flavors with different bases from a different cookbook.
B000NA2BEU|3.0|Veronica Mars - The Complete Third Season is pretty much a mixed bag. This was the last season of this cult classic and I can understand why this show was cancelled. Kristen Bell who plays Veronica Mars is a good actress but the plotlines and glossy writing is too much. The characters were one-demensional and artifical. Stick with the first two seasons instead, season three was a snoozefest.
B00007KWHG|5.0|If you're a fan of Valli & the Seasons, you'll enjoy the reverie this CD provides.  They're always the best!
B00003CXXJ|4.0|Shrek is a cute movie but gets annoying after watching it more than once. Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, and Cameron Diaz provide the voices for Shrek, Donkey, and Princess Fiona. There are some sarcastic and lovable moments in this box-office smash! Great to watch with friends and family, too bad the sequel was less than impressive, stick with the original.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|1. Life in Technicolor - 9/10 an instrumental to open the album.  Like several of the songs here, starts slow and builds.  2. Cemeteries of London - 3/10 my least favorite  3. Lost! - 8/10 a good song  4. 42 - 7/10 a good song  5. Lovers in Japan / Reign of Love - 10/10 and 6/10 (two part song). I don't know why they combined them, but the first part is pure foot tapping pop while the second sounds like an Enya cover without the wall of sound.  6. Yes - 6/10 sorta plodding, but okay.  7. Viva La Vida - 10/10 enduring like Clocks.  8. Violet Hill - 5/10 competent, but doesn't do much for me.  9. Strawberry Swing - 10/10 my favorite. Slow and stays slow.  Would be a great acoustic song in concert; in fact, it sounds like they recorded it in one take.  10. Death and All His Friends - 9/10 nice. A bit longer than it needs to be, but it grows on you and soon will be your favorite.    Overall I feel this is their best album to date, at least on par with Rush of Blood to the Head.  Nothing particularly challenging or obscure.  For all you audiophiles, it's also their best technical recording.
B00001OH7O|5.0|Even in his early days, Bowie changes his sound radically from album to album. Departing from heavier sound of his prevoius two prog classic ablums ( Space Odddity and The Man Who Sold The World), Bowie explores a more accostic sound of guitar and paino with \\"Hunky Dory\\" This album contains not only the classic hit \\"Changes\\" ( Which combines teen angst with beatiful meoldies), but contains tracks ( such as \\"Oh you pretty things\\" and \\"Andy Warhole\\" that would lay the foundation for alternitive and indi music, which reminds of future bands, such as \\"Radiohead\\" and \\"Beck\\".
B0016HNOXQ|4.0|In many ways \\"Third\\" doesn't sound anything like previous Portishead stuff: it lacks strong trip hop tones/themes, some songs veer on experimental instrumentation, and the music is lyrically quite bleak (I know this could be said of their other stuff, but at least in the past there was some lightness to it).  This isn't the type of album that's an easy listen, nor one that has standout tracks per say but rather, it is an album to be enjoyed in its entirety.  More rock and electro-clash than anything, the album boasts some complex arrangements but suffers because of Gibbons.  A strong vocalist in her own way, in other Portishead work she was the glue keeping the tracks together; here, you could almost not hear her voice, she's so overwhelmed by the instumentation going on with her.  (A strong argument could be made that you could take her out entirely and still have the same songs.)<br /><br />Not sure it shows the progress of 10 years, but \\"Third\\" is a great if challanging listen.
B000005RQT|5.0|This album demonstrates the transition of a jam heavy protoprog rock band into a metal pioneer band.
1433210428|5.0|It has been many years since my original read of this book, and I won't let it happen again.  This thought provoking book is a must read for everyone interested in the study of human behavior. Exceptionaly insightful!
B000XUOIQ4|5.0|My 22 month old daughter loves the songs in this movie!! She is always singing them!
055358202X|4.0|This book gave me fears that George R.R. Martin will transform from the \\"American Tolkien\\" to the new Robert Jordan. There is a lot of plot development hinting at big things to come, but none of the big things yet culminate. Despite the systematic killing off of key characters, the number of character perspectives that are used to divide and develop the ballooning plot are growing rather than shrinking. This makes me scared, as Jordan went from being my favorite author many years ago to a dead author of an unfinished work I fell out of love with after book after book of nothing happening amid growing complexity. I can't see this series ending for another two novels at least.    Still, the story telling is excellent and Martin continues to let us know that no character is sacred.      Too much of the book focuses on Cersei... There are more characters than I care to read about. The end left me very unsatisfied with only one fond memory of having experienced a good story. I'm becoming jaded with the idea of fantasy \\"series\\" and might start seeking out authors who are willing to tell us a story in one book (three at most).
015204907X|5.0|Our two-year old has fallen in love with this book. We checked out from the library and after renewing it three times bought our own copy.  It teaches kids about opposites or things in relation to each other in a really cute way.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|This little guy is fantastic!  I used it to shoot a wedding recently, and was very pleased with the performance, especially when coupled with a flash bracket.  This is now my \\"carry\\" flash.  If you are shooting an event with this guy, make sure to have plenty of spare AA batteries!  The response time starts to lag (expectedly) as the batteries warm up and lose charge, so keep spares where you can get to them and not miss the action.
B00140PK6O|5.0|It was a pleasure to watch.  It was interesting to see the interaction between the characters.  They are all so real and can be transported into how things work in the modern day world.  Gossips and problem solvers and meddlers, all types of people that make the world go round.
B0018RWM9G|4.0|There are many good things about this LP.   1) It comes with a FREE CD!!!!  2) the record jacket is just a beautiful, gatefold style jacket.   3) the vinyl is of good quality    Oh yeah and the album i thought was a bit more artsy per say. I only had one problem with the 1st track on the 2nd side. \\"Yes\\" i thought was repetitive, but other than that i thought it was a good album, not great, but good. I would be shure to add this to your vinyl collection.
B000005RDY|5.0|budgie was a great British rock band, his music is brilliant, recommended for lovers of classic rock
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|My expectations were high and were surpassed.  Probably my least favorite tracks are the singles (Viva la Vida and Violet Hill) getting radio time.  Not that they are at all bad, but I find some of the other tracks simply stellar -- including particularly Cemeteries of London, Death And All His Friends, Yes and Lost.  Definitely track down the acoustic version of the Lost? as it is amazing particularly on a good hi fi system. Kudos to Coldplay on maintaining excellence and familiarity, while at the same time evolving with sophisticated and mature sound.
0385338724|4.0|A great fairy tale story about what is most important in life. Lexi wakes up in a world where she has every thing she could ever ask for, but some how that doesn't guarantee happiness. She takes an incredible journey to learn about herself and what truly matters in life. It sounds a little cliche, and perhaps it is. But it is definitely a great read. If you like challenging and obscure plots you probably won't enjoy this book. It's a simple read that every one can relate to in some way.
0446402389|5.0|Rarely do I pick up a book that I can't put down, but this book was one of them. There were times when the story got so depressing, however, that I wanted to take a breather, but was compelled to read on. A fantastic first novel.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|I love this cd. I bought it without hearing any of the songs because it got rave written reviews. To my ears it's even better than advertised. The tunes are soulful and melodic and the oft-mentioned Dusty Springfield comparisons seem apt. Buy it, you'll be glad you did.
B0000072VM|5.0|One of the things I love about this group is despite the obvious influences of Genesis, ELP and Yes that permeate all through their music, is they still project their Italian heritage making their sound very unique. Nobody can touch these guys, they're in a class all their own.    After 37 years of recording albums and constant world tours, they're still going strong despite the many lineup changes. But this is the album that is an absolute must-have. What this album was to PFM is what Fragile was to Yes, or Brain Salad Surgery was to ELP, or Selling England by the Pound was to Genesis. Everything just clicks together perfectly with these musicians, with beautifully interwoven melodies, rapidly changing time signatures and some good hard jamming.    As a veteran prog buff since the release of King Crimson's In the Court of the Crimson King in 1969, I highly recommend this album. But beware of the English version entitled Photos of Ghosts, well intentioned but just not the same, it lacks the air of Italy that has made them so unique.    Just one word to describe this album: Magnifico!
0784011680|5.0|It is probably not the best film ever made about Charlie Chaplin, and I even think it is far behind Charlie Chaplin's own autobiography on which it is supposed to be based. But it makes a couple of points rather well. First, show business is business first of all. Brutal, expeditious, pitiless, cruel, full of hate and with hardly any love, except the illusion of a companionship they call love in Hollywood. But we know that. And even the FBI or McCarthy could not touch that: business money is  business money and cannot be spoiled even if the owner is a communist or at least is accused of being one. Second, McCarthyism was an ugly adventure in the USA, but it is shown as having run in the texture of the country from the very start and particularly after the Russian revolution. The best part about it is that it made American politicians suspicious of anything that was not lauding the USA as THE ONLY country of freedom (except of course for those that have been declared unwanted characters, or anything that could in anyway seem to be supporting the poor, the working class, the underlings of this egotistic world. The portrait of Edgar Hoover is that of a fanatic, a fundamentalist, and yet nothing but an apparatchik that never leaves his pacifying desk and the comfortable warmth of his office. Third, this film shows so well through Chaplin's own life how the world changed and how no politician can stop it. A politician can make some people suffer, at times a lot when he has the means to go out and wage war, but even so he will not be able to change history, to stop history, to even strand or wreck history. Hitler is the best case at hand. The amount of suffering he caused is enormous and yet did he stop history, did he block it into some eternal barbaric dictatorship? Of course not. And Charlie Chaplin's wisecrack about not having the honor of being a Jew is the best answer anyone could do to any attempt at hijacking history: I don't have the honor of being your victim, and if I were your victim I would be honored to be one of them, to have their company. British wit and humor at the same time as British caustic sarcasm. Beautiful!<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelinesnd if I were your victim I would be honored to be one of them, to have their company. British wit and humor at the same time as British caustic sarcasm. Beautiful!    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
B0016A2FFG|5.0|I had written Al off to the Aretha Franklin category: all-time great singer, still listenable, but well past their prime.   Shows (once again) what I know!  This disc unquestionably compares with anything in Green's discography, which is saying a lot given the incredible streak he and Willie Mitchell (producer) achieved back in the 70s.  This is like a nice fatty pork shoulder, rubbed-down with one of those secret Memphis spice mixtures, and cooked all night over hickory wood.  It's sweet and falling off the bone.  (Sorry, I just couldn't resist that).  VERY fine stuff.
B00197U0DU|4.0|I'm not saying this album is bad by any means. It's the beginning of Genesis! Their 1969 debut is often overlooked, and it is weaker than any other Genesis record (except 1997's 'Calling All Stations'), but it's still great. Heavily inspired by the Bee Gees in the sixties, Genesis released their debut on Decca, 'From Genesis to Revelation.'    Fans of the pop rock Genesis and progressive rock Genesis will not enjoy this release as much as die-hard Genesis fans in general. But there are some notable singles here, such as 'The Silent Sun,' which was released as a single, simply titled 'The Silent Sun 2006.' It's no different than the album version.    The record is five stars, but the reason I give this four stars is this is, what, the fifth time the record companies have reissued this? Don't the record companies get it? WE HAVE THIS ALREADY! WE BOUGHT THE FIRST, MAYBE SECOND REISSUE OF THIS SO WE HAVE EVERYTHING!    Overall, if you haven't bought this record yet, than this is a good version to buy. But if you've already bought this, than don't buy this copy. It's no different than any other reissue of this.    Recommended for the first time buyer of 'From Genesis To Revelation,' otherwise avoid this.
0452289963|5.0|This book has changed my life. It has made everything so much clearer to me regarding life and my relationships. I am recommending it to everyone I know.
B001AUEMFS|5.0|I've rarely listened to Coldplay - I prefer Keane myself, but when I heard the groove and hook to Viva La Vida I was instantly converted.  It's huge, and awesome in its wall-of-sound thickness.  This is all I ask for from my summer music.  And pretentious?  Get out of here - exactly how many pop songs about Napoleon can you compare it to?  Smart, hooky music - I'll take all I can get.
B000MG1YC0|2.0|This is not exactly what I expected. Now I have always liked Monica Pederson's voice. I was very familiar with her previous group Sinphonia  who recorded two albums  'When the Tide Breaks' and 'The Divine Disharmony' both of which I own but her voice does not fit the music.  She would be a lot better fronting a more progressive or folk oriented rock band then a metal oriented band trying to sound more pop. Well maybe next time.
0807126063|4.0|A Confederacy of Dunces may be the funniest novel I've ever read. The only competition that I can think of (The Sot-Weed Factor by John Barth, Cat's Cradle by Vonnegut, or The Crying of Lot 49 by Pynchon) pale in comparison. At the novel's heart is the grossly overweight, highly opinionated and deliriously deluded Ignatius J. Reilly. You will not find a more unique and hilarious character in all of literature. Thoroughly sickened by the lack of medieval values in the post-Enlightenment world, Ignatius is determined to live out his life in the comforting cloister of his mother's home, spending his days scribbling an elaborate protest against the modern world. That is, until a bizarre series of circumstances forces him out into the world where he must use his Masters-degree education to, gasp, finally get a job!    As the story progresses (and the plot becomes more and more wildly improbable), a number of gut-busting hilarious scenes ensue. Stand-outs for me were Ignatius' \\"Crusade for Moorish Dignity\\" complete with an impromptu jazz dance among bewildered factory workers, his disgraceful job as a pirate hot dog vendor (complete with the tantalizing advertisement \\"Twelve (12) inches of Paradise\\"), and his short-lived obsession with a Boethius-reading pornographer. Among Ignatius' more memorable quotes are lines like \\"Everyone has a valve!\\" and \\"Oh Fortuna, you degenerate wanton!\\"    What keeps Confederacy from being perfect is the elaborate cast of side characters, some wickedly funny, others dreadfully obnoxious, that interrupt the tale of Ignatius' exile in the outside world. While characters like Patrolman Mancuso and Burma Jones are likable and funny, they are given a few too many pages and not quite enough to do. At times, during the middle section of the novel, it feels like the events aren't really progressing anywhere. But be patient: the incredible payoff of the ending (which neatly ties up just about every random plot string from earlier chapters) is hilarious, heart-warming, and more than worth the journey.
0679847367|5.0|This book is excellent for high school graduation gifts, or for anyone going through a significant change in their life.  It's really not just a small childs book.  Dr. Seuss is so insightful!
B00177Y9ZC|1.0|I enjoyed the young-adult novel and I LOVE sci-fi so I really looked forward to JUMPER. What a disappointment.  Lousy movie. Hayden Christensen wasn't bad and can't be blamed for this abomination of an over-messed-with screen-play. Why do directors and writers take an author's beloved novel and idea, and screw it up so badly that any fans hate it?!  This movie was a terrible example.
B000N2HCM4|1.0|Quotes from this book. Talented? Eloquent? Complex? Inspiring? Come on people wake up before it is too late.    'I ceased to advertise my mother's race at the age of 12 or 13, when I began to suspect that by doing so I was ingratiating myself to whites.'  'I found a solace in nursing a pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mother's race.'  'There was something about him that made me wary, a little too sure of himself, maybe. And white.'  'I never emulate white men and brown men whose fates didn't speak to my own. It was into my father's image, the black man, son of Africa , that I'd packed all the attributes I sought in myself , the attributes of Martin and Malcolm, DuBois and Mandela.'
B000F8O35U|5.0|It was GREAT to be able to see Disney's Little Mermaid again.  My daughter absolutely loved this movie when she was little.  She's almost 21 now and I found this DVD on Amazon.  We were able to sit and watch it again like when she was a little girl.  It was a very special moment to share with her.  Thanks a miliion.
B0010V4TZU|5.0|I am really surprised about this band. I didnt know it (in Spain they are not known), but I bought the Cd because was one of my Amazon Recommendations. The sound is great and from the beginning with \\"Perfect Roof\\" until the end of the album with \\"The Kids Don't Stand A Chance\\" the tunes are great, \\"refreshing\\"
0743270754|5.0|Received order as expected in a timely manner...A great book on Araham Lincoln's Presidential life
B000002P2W|4.0|I have this album in vinyl, so I bought it to keep my vinyl and to listen the Cd. The remastered Cd sounds great and in my opinion, \\"Squeeze Box\\" is a masterpiece. But this album is not a typical \\"one song album\\" because songs like \\"Blue, Red and Grey\\", \\"Imagine a Man\\", \\"Dreaming from the waist\\"... are very good songs too
B000F7CMQ8|5.0|Received order as expected in a timely manner...Good movie if your a Clark Gable Fan...
B0010VD7EO|5.0|...then these guys are for you.  You can read through all the other reviews for details, but if you've already got Sleepy Jackson's Lovers and One was a Spider, etc., then just pick this up.  Trust me, you'll like it.
B000RZIGZ4|5.0|I feel the need, the need for speed !  This is perhaps the most important line in the entire movie which was later used in other movies and games.  TOP GUN is by far the best movie around dogfighting and war planes in general.   Maverick ( Tom Cruise ) although he is still young in the acting business performs admirably and makes a character that will never be forgot.  TOP GUN got a face lift in the HD-DVD version , the entire film looks a lot better and the sound is crystal clear. This movie is a must not only for collectors but for anyone that loves war planes and an adrenaline rush movie.
0061367036|4.0|I thought this book was really cool, and being a huge fan of the show, it was awesome to see some of the back story associated with the creatures they encounter. It was a fun read, and having it told from Sam and Dean's perspective along with the snippits from their dad's journal was a great idea. It made me want to learn even more about the crazy monsters, spirts, demons and ghouls they descibe.
B000SQFC0E|5.0|The Last Starfighter is an Classic. The plot is one that gets you fast into the movie. Who never dreamed of beeing a boy who would help defend the universe against the evil galactic conquerors ?  Although its Graphics are no match for sci-fi movies today it still carries quite a punch especially in the superb quality of HD-DVD.  So to very young people The Last Starfighter may not be the best available option but for the older ones theres a spot for this movie in everyones Collection.
0786948523|1.0|D&D has been around in one form or another for 31+ years, which is about as long as I've been playing.  The advantage of D&D and the D20 game system in general is that everybody knows it.  There's no huge learning curve needed to just start playing the game.  Every previous edition of D&D has understood this basic strength.    Fourth Edition, plain and simple, is not D&D, and is not the D20 system.  It's an entirely new game.  Wizards of the Coast has made a huge mistake with this.  They're trying to attract video game players by turning D&D into a pen and paper version of World of Warcraft.  That tactic is simply not going to work.  Current World of Warcraft players are not going to stop playing World of Warcraft to play this.  Current D&D enthusiasts simply are not going to bother learning this new system, not when third party vendors are still supporting edition 3.5, and not while better RPG systems already exist (Note:  This based on my discussions with customers from game stores in the fifth largest city in the US).    Bottom line, fourth edition is going to go over for Wizards of the Coast the same way that \\"New Coke\\" went over for Coca Cola.  My advice would be to save your money, and stick with an older edition of D&D.  At its best, fourth edition is simply not an improvement over what has come before it.  It's just something different.
B000024ZZ0|5.0|I am always searching for these bands I haven't heard before and I am again surprised to find yet another band that is not well known in U.S., but should be...Thunder could appeal to anyone who likes just about any type of rock, These guys are equal to Van Halen, or Foreigner or Bad Company, but even better maybe. Bluesy hard rock with excellent hooks.
B000BKJ78U|5.0|When I purchased these movies, I didn't realize they were the updated version. Well, they are, so if you like that, this is for you, if you want the strictly classic ones, this isn't them. I happen to like the updated version.<br /><br />The Dave_
1932100385|5.0|This is a well written, easy to understand book, full of information that i believe everyone should have been taught as children. I think schools should incorporate this way of eating for our children. I am definatly changing my views and habits.     shocking and scary what we didnt know all these years. It makes you think about what if : what if we all started eating this way long ago, how many people would not be so sick now?
B0001BKAEY|2.0|\\"The Matrix Revolutions\\", the last in the Wachowski brothers' super sci-fi trilogy, is a mixed bag of criticism.  Most of us already know what everybody else thinks based upon the surprisingly low opening weekend box office of $48.5 million that the film barely scraped, a direct reflection upon the consensus of  the \\"Matrix Reloaded\\" back in May of `03.  That's right, folks - for those who were disappointed with \\"Reloaded\\", \\"Revolutions\\" will only upset your expectations even further.  For those who eat up every fat morsel that the film industry serves up piping hot from the griddle of hype (the teaser trailers in combination with the cheeky Powerade TV ads), you'll love it pound for gluttonous pound.<br /><br />The remainder of this now flaccid storyline has Zion up crap creek without a paddle, their firepower no match for the hundreds upon thousands of Sentinels about to breach the core of the city.  There is something afoot in the Matrix as well - the malicious Agent Smith (Weaving) has proliferated himself throughout the entire system and is more than prepared for a final confrontation with Neo (Reeves).  However, Neo is preoccupied with what measures must be taken to ensure the safety and survival of Zion whilst Trinity (Moss) ever-faithfully prepares herself to accompany him on his most perilous mission yet.<br /><br />As exciting as this apocalyptic final chapter sounds, you know you've lost something when the story completely overwhelms the characters.  Neo, Trinity and Morpheus used to be some pretty damned interesting folks.  In the film that began it all, Neo was introduced as a cocksure novice who slowly but surely realizes his true potential.  Trinity was a strong and admirable yin to Neo's yang, a woman equipped with a lethal combination of beauty and brains.  Morpheus was a wise but humble seeker of truth, a teacher not abject to learning from others.<br /><br />Where the hell did these people go?<br /><br />They were killed off by one deadly mechanism: FRANCHISE.  This was the point at which art was sacrificed for profit and the Wachowskis lost themselves in the high-tech impressionism of computer graphics imaging.  What started as a fantastic premise full of possibilities has resorted to eye-candy for the action movie catalog, a by-product of overzealous marketing.<br /><br />Aside from this noticeable change in the scheme of things is another inexplicable move - the film's grandiose conclusion.  Many people will be baffled as well as fuming, the ending leaving more questions with nothing to provide any answers.  The most significant resulting quandary is why some of us chose to spend nine dollars on over two hours of visual excess only to be swindled by a cryptic ending.  Sorry to say that the entertainment industry has suckered the lot of us once again.<br /><br />Let's face it - the only real fun to be had here is by the actors and you gotta hand it to Hugo Weaving - he's successfully managed to find himself a character in which he can completely indulge in all its salacious evil.  The bad guys always seem to have more fun in overwrought productions such as this and Weaving is clearly having a blast as Smith, cackling and smirking to the hilt while his markedly arched eyebrows and piercing blue eyes consume the screen.<br /><br />Reeves, on the other hand, puts no more energy into his acting than what's required and let's face it - there isn't much of a requisite for emotion.  His designer wardrobe, stylish shades and killer moves are the real showcase and Reeves excels at this but nothing more.  Moss retains her cool surface as does Fishburne, along with Pinkett-Smith as the resolute Niobe.  Don't expect much to change; these are repeat performances, after all.  Mary Alice joins the cast as the Oracle and the presence of a new face in a familiar role is only a bittersweet reminder of Gloria Stuart's passing (a vague explanation was written into the script for why the Oracle appears physically different).<br /><br />Bottom line: If you're just dying to know how it all ends, go ahead and spend the few bucks to rent it.  Just don't expect to be illuminated or amused by it all (or to get your money back!).all ends, go ahead and spend the few bucks to rent it.  Just don't expect to be illuminated or amused by it all (or to get your money back!).
B0014XCMVM|5.0|I am one of the folks who got dissapointed with Alanis Morissette's last effort, I totally hated So Called Chaos because it had no point of total adrenaline that this woman used to deliver in her past albums.   And I didn't expect this record to be as brilliant as Jagged Little Pill or as self conscious as SFIJ, so I though what the hell I'll preorder it and boy did I get a pleasant surprise. I listened to some clips of the new songs on her website before the release and it sounded promising. Flavors of Entanglement deliver to us the rock breathing fire priestess she is wrapped in a cool electronic layer, in a way that we haven't seen since the middle 90's and is no surprise that a major public breakup caused this, but let's focus on the music..\\"Citizen of the Planet\\" describes her existence perfectly and the honesty of her lyrics are completely accurate. The guitar banging and the raging vocals is something we hadn't heard since \\"Baba\\". Not so crazy about \\"Underneath\\" but I have to be honest, tends to grow on you after a few times. \\"Straitjacket, \\"Versions of Violence\\" and \\"Tapes\\" are examples of the neat production of Guy Oseary and the excellent dynamics that they had in the recording process, not to mention the well crafted experimentation that she had in her previous records with electronica, she fully let the synthetizers take her away to places we've definetely missed. The gems of the record with no doubt are \\"Not as We\\" and \\"Moratorium\\" and it's quite curious that both songs are completely different from each other. The first one accompained by piano and the latter with loops, beeps and total electronica not to mention the string arrangements, she nailed it with this two. The record may not be perfect but it speaks to us as she did almost 15 years ago. I don't expect this record to go gazillion copies sold like JLP but this is a true and enjoyable reminder that Alanis Morissette is one of the most important and talented musicians of her generation.
B00009MGGI|5.0|This is simply one of the best TV series ever made, and BBC has made lots of them.  It is classy, sophisticated and hilarious.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|Really brilliant! I enjoyed this movie tremendously! Beautiful mise-en-scene back at the apartment, wonderfully acted. Very stylish and extremely current to the world that we live in!!!
B001B6NSJ2|5.0|Devadip Carlos Santana has merged all the positive energies into this album. It's one of his most original masterpieces. Santana has influenced his talent work with the Indian music and combined world fusion into it at the same time. While we have a range of musicians with this fame including John Mclaughlin, Chick Corea, Miles Davis, Joe Zawinul, Herbie Hancock and Al Di Meola, the Oneness album goes from the depth of his heart and brings out a new and refreshing original sound we have not heard before.    If you are the traditional Santana fan, you will not be disappointed with this album, as you will find his essential value elements embedded in his music composition. I have been looking for this album to arrive in the digital format for many years now. The original CD is mostly not available in the US. But now, it's amazing to have access to this in MP3 format.
B000H6SXMY|4.0|I was pleased with the condition of the \\"Full series of friends<br />seasons 1-10. The only issue was that 1 of the disks was recorded over with some strange \\"hairspray\\" video. Otherwise it was just fine.<br />Thank you,<br />Gena Lundquist
B00003CXI1|5.0|Loved the book so I had to watch the movie over again.  All the magic starts here and it's just the beginning to a whole new experience if you intend to see all the sequels that follow.
B000006TSC|3.0|Camel, like most progressive bands in the late 1970s, tried to gain a wider audience by going for a more commercial AOR sound. The result is an album with a couple of great tunes (Breathless; Echoes) and a half dozen mediocre ones. Having said that, mediocre Camel tunes were still far better than most of the music on the airwaves at the time (and today!).  Established fans will enjoy this album, but if you're new to Camel, try The Snow Goose or Moonmadness first.
0679736646|3.0|Ubik presents an interesting twist on psychics in the future.  They not only exist, but they are highly organized and aggressive.  At the same time, there are individuals known as inertials who have the ability to counteract both telepaths and precogs.  The intertials are also organized and most work for \\"prudence organizations\\" that hire out to counteract spy work that the psychics undertake and the conflicts can escalate to lethal levels.  The story hits a major turning point when the largest prudence organization takes on a job that sends 12 people into a trap that literally explodes in their faces.  In the aftermath, reality starts to unravel and the group of inertials races against time to put things right before it's too late.    This book sets up an interesting scenario of espionage and counter-espionage with various types of psychic phenomena as the tools of the trade.  Some aspects of the world are set up with a very clear logic that largely stays consistent throughout the story.  Other elements aren't defined as well, and some seem to shift a bit depending on where we are in the story.      Characterization is also a bit of a mixed bag.  The owner of the company seems larger than life, and one of his aides is pretty well fleshed out in an interesting way.  Unfortunately, the remaining cast is pretty sketchy and doesn't get much attention.  This lack of depth includes a prime suspect for the cause of their troubles, which was a lost opportunity.      Overall, I liked Ubik and found it interesting, but couldn't help feeling that it could have been even stronger still.  I would have liked another 50 pages or so to flesh out the characters and add more personal drama.  As others have pointed out, there are also plot developments that appear to contradict what has already happened in the story and a better job could have been done to edit these out or explain them.  Ubik is still worth reading, but feels more like a missed opportunity than a treasured classic.
B0018QCXGY|2.0|If you enjoyed The Blair Witch Project, you will enjoy this movie. The camera movement was annoying, and script quite shallow. My wife amd I lost it when first hearing the spider like critters make their sounds. I must admit that it was a humorous way to waste an hour+ of my life.............
0679746323|5.0|I am blown away by the amount of information about Mao and how much damage he did to China. This book is very long and people with short attention spans should avoid it. Despite being listed as 864 pages, the book is only about 621 pages. The rest of the pages are the bibliography, sources, and interview credits (except for mainland China which they didn't name for obvious reasons).    The book is of course, anti-Mao. Given that leftists and liberals try to portray Mao as a good guy, it is a welcome breath of fresh air.    Mao's whole life is chronicled here, from birth to death. His rise to a communist leader, the fight against the Nationalists, his family, his victories and defeats, dealings with the Soviets, his attempts to make China a nuclear world power, his disastrous policies that lead to 35 million Chinese starving to death.  The book shows Mao was a psychopathic dictator, and even people within his own communist party were opposed to him, especially during the Cultural Revolution and the Great Famines that Mao caused. I have a new measure of sympathy for the Chinese people who suffered so much under Mao.
0316067598|5.0|Great reading, hard to put down!.  Makes me wish we could turn a couple of seal teams loose in the Halls of Congress.<br /><br />Encouraging to know that there are still patriots among us.  Sometimes hard to remember that the patriots are the ones that fight for our nation, not the ones that try to destroy it.<br /><br />Amazing the difference between \\"Lone Survivor\\" and \\"Winter Soldier\\".  Recall that the \\"Winter Soldier\\" author is part of the criminal left that controls the Senate.<br /><br />Marcuss Luttrell describes well the dedication of the good men that sacrificed all for our country.<br /><br />Should be required reading for every high school student in America.
B000YPUF9W|3.0|In RESIDENT EVIL:EXTINCTION director Russell Mulcahy continues the same kind of breakneck pacing, lots of gore, and the strong acting of Milla Jovovich in this the third entry in the post apocalyptic series.  The first two present a world run amuck as a plague of mutant DNA creates a never ending supply of zombies who seek only to devour the flesh of the living. Jovovich is Alice, a bio-engineered super-human female who has added telekenetic powers to her repetoire.  She is fearless, preternaturally nimble, and handy with a variety of weapons ranging from firearms to machetes.  Part of the interest in this series that distinguishes it from numerous competitors lies in Alice's repressing her more human more female weaker side.  In several scenes you can see that she is torn with self-doubt and misgivings that she must sublimate.<br /><br />In EXTINCTION, what has gone extinct is most of the human race.  The virus that has been localized in the first two entries now has spread worldwide, turning most of the planet's plowable land into a barren wasteland.  In scenes that are probably taken directly from MAD MAX, the nation's highways are limited to those normal humans who careen from place to place seeking fuel and shelter.  But here there is no Mel Gibson to enforce whatever crumbling laws remain.  There are the ubiquitous zombies and a scraggly few humans in a truck convoy who hope to go to Alaska via Las Vegas, hoping that the former gambling capital has sufficient fuel for them to get that far north.<br /><br />In most zombie movies, the flesh-eaters are a homogeneous assortment of indistinguishable scar-faced lumps.  Here, director Mulcahy adds some pretty macabre humor as the film's bad guy scientist tries to train a select few zombies as docile servants.  In a scene that smacks of Bub the Zombie in DAY OF THE DEAD, this wicked scientist actually succeeds in teaching a grinning zombie into using a cell phone and taking a picture--at least at first.<br /><br />With RESIDENT EVIL, the star is not only Milla Jovovich--although she is in nearly every scene--there are other lesser lights that insist that in the eternal battle between good and evil, it is not always clear which is which. The zombies at least have the excuse of the mutant virus.  Those who trek with Alice or seek to intercept her must wonder on which side of the very fine line between good and evil on which they lie.  In its slam bang action and surprisingly competent acting, RESIDENT EVIL suggests that this line may be as evanescent on the screen as it often is in real life., the star is not only Milla Jovovich--although she is in nearly every scene--there are other lesser lights that insist that in the eternal battle between good and evil, it is not always clear which is which. The zombies at least have the excuse of the mutant virus.  Those who trek with Alice or seek to intercept her must wonder on which side of the very fine line between good and evil on which they lie.  In its slam bang action and surprisingly competent acting, RESIDENT EVIL suggests that this line may be as evanescent on the screen as it often is in real life.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Another MASTERPIECE by the NEW fab four!  These guys can do no wrong.   Every song is such a pleasure to listen to over and over and over again.   It was well worth the wait.   They keep getting better as time goes on.  I simply cannot get enough of Coldplay.  Their musical talent, songwriting, and the uncanny ability to put it all together in that incredible \\"Coldplay\\" sound is second to none and as a band are so perfect together.  Enjoy everybody!  Long Live Coldplay!!!
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|The best one yet!!! As a long time fan and owner of all but one of thier cd's, I must say that this one is the best one so far. It is rare when one can say that they like/love every song on a cd, but with this one I do. The band seems to be exploring some new territory with out totally sacrificing the sound and style of music they are known for. My personal favorites on this one are Cemeteries of London, 42, Lost and Viva la Vida.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|This is, by far, the best Priest album that I've heard. And I've heard damn near all of 'em! I noticed many stylistic choices reminiscent of their 70's sound. The beauty and sorrow of the bands' early work is clearly present, the operatic vocals, the triumphant guitar work and driving bass and drums all here. Some of the 80's and 90's  sounds show up, but not enough to distract from the overall concept being presented in the material. What I find the most fascinating about this excellent, well crafted work of art is that Priest successfully mix metal and classical influence into a cohesive whole. I've heard many other bands attempt that amalgamation, and it usually sounds hammered together, having a weak effect on my ear. This is the first Judas Priest album that takes their theatrical efforts to the next level, making their metal a cinematic experience. No one will change my mind about Nostradamus, it is 100% pure metal alchemy. Hail The Metal Gods, the one and only Judas Priest!
B0016B6ZKG|1.0|Very disappointing. Still has a great voice, but songs are weak. Not a patch upon albums like Dinner with Gershwin. VH1 Live and More is a far better album.
0061537934|5.0|I could not put this book down.  Seriously, if you love dogs, by this book!
B00125WAWS|3.0|\\"The Great Debaters\\" is an entertaining portrayal of a small black college debate team in the 1930's - Wiley College.  They became the Davids who slew the white Goliaths in the art of debate.  Against all odds, the team mows down opponent after opponent before its climactic contest - taking on the Harvard debate team in Cambridge.    Need I tell you how it ends?  Without seeing the movie, you probably can guess.  The cast is strong and the story is feel-good, but the characters are somewhat two-dimensional.  White folks in particular do not come off very well, being stereotyped as either sadistic redneck crackers or smug intellectuals.  Such is the portrayal in OprahLand perhaps.     The movie hearkens back to a bygone day when college debate involved reasoning and oratory; this, in stark contrast to modern college debate, which features how fast you can spit out information at 400-words per minute, incomprehensible except to the cognoscenti.    In \\"The Great Debaters\\", each black student becomes Demosthenes when he or she gets up behind the podium.  Also, the Wilie team always gets the \\"proper\\" side of the debate resolution.  They never have to argue AGAINST equal rights, civil disobedience or letting blacks into public universities.  These awkward sides of the issue are always assigned to the white debaters in this morality tale.  Funny how that works out....    Entertaining but not totally filling.
B000065V3H|4.0|I showed this to my high school classes, and they loved it.  We had a good discussion about taking action in your life even though there are risks, being yourself, navigating the cliques of high school and forming perceptions.  Patrick Dempsey was masterful even as a kid; his fans will love this movie.
B00132S74A|3.0|This one is a page turner, no doubt of that.  However, the way the storyline turns out is completely unconvincing.  I do not want to write a \\"spoiler\\" review, so I cannot be too specific.  Suffice to say, the actions of Elspeth and Anthony make no sense whatsoever--none, nada.  The story feels like Follett decided to begin with the mystery of Luke losing his memory, and then, after about 100+ pages, decides how to tie all of the facts together.  But the way he accomplishes this conclusion is, quite literally, nuts, at least in my opinion.<br /><br />I purchased the Kindle edition (yay, Kindle!) and the book was well-formatted for the Kindle and a joy to read using this medium. (Now let's get the rest of Follett's works on the Kindle!)<br /><br />I liked the book, but the conclusion just did not ring true.  Not at all.  Still, Follett fans, among whom I number myself, will like this one.  Three stars to an author who is capable of a five-star novel.
B0000542D2|1.0|I can't agree more with the past two reviewers. As a 'Beatle Nut', I've always looked (& listened) with intent to find something new with each new release on The Beatles, whether it's audio or video. This GARBAGE that MIRAMAX put out should be taken off the shelves. They've totally ripped their customers off (including me)! With today's technology, it seems they could have sped the audio tracks up to match the 'standard pitch' of the audio cds. Why the audio tracks 'dragged' from the onset of this movie's release in '64 is beyond me. Don't give me the excuse that it was to match the video - people are smarter than that! It's just as easy (and more appealing) to speed video images up to the audio track than vice-versa. And to rip us all off by not offering at least a nice digital, stereo track - let alone 5.1 surround / 5.1 DTS??? The mono (digitally enhanced??) track they do offer is worse than Capitol Record's version of 'Duophonic Stereo' on some of The Beatles' early cuts. Shame on MIRAMAX. Let's all start calling them MIRALAX...at least MIRALAX (an effective laxative) 'gets you moving' LOL!  Seriously, people - rent it if you must see for yourself, but don't buy this piece of s*%#! You'd be better off holding the money out the window @ 70 mph on the freeway - at least somebody worthwhile might profit from you. These morons should be forced out of business!
B000O5AYCA|5.0|It's been a while since I've listened to an entire album straight through. Usually, I find a song I really like in the album and enjoy it so much that I can't even concentrate on the following tracks because I'm so eager to get back to it. Here, on this album, I felt like a little kid whose attention can be distracted so easily - every new song that came up became me favorite  until eventually I quit trying to mentally hold on to what tracks were the best. I've listened to it through and through a dozen or so times and it's still the same way. I do think, though, that the easiest songs to get into for the average listener are \\"Apartment Story,\\" \\"Mistaken for Strangers,\\" and \\"Fake Empire\\".
6304708491|5.0|I would recommend this to those who only have the video tape. Unlike what MIRAMAX (I call them MIRALAX) did to '(A)Hard Day's Night' DVD, these people did a wonderful job of restoring this classic - especially the video portion -  bringing out things never before seen (as clearly, anyway), such as the card-playing scene where Paul is bouncing the ball against the wall - his image is very clear in the newly-restored video. As far as the sound...they offer PCM stereo and 5.1 DTS - I wish they would have offered 5.1 surround (as they did on the 'LOVE' dvd/cd) for people like me who don't have DTS, but I consider this a minor flaw. This is definitely a 'must have'.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|Big choruses- Brian Eno producing- revolutionary clothing ala War period- big drums big echoed effects! Sounds like U2? No its Coldplay again trying their best to beat the aging irish group at its own game. Now i like Coldplay- i like Chris martins voice- i thought Trouble was genius and X and Y was a solid followup to Rush of blood (still their best). Viva La Vida is admirable- theres a definite sense to try new things new percussion- new sounds. With Eno behind the mixer- theres a freshness to the production end- but the real shortcoming is the songs. 4 of them work well- particulary Cemeteries of London and Strawberry Swing which both rely upon \\"untraditional\\" drumming. Elsewhere the short set of songs including the opening instrumental of life in technicolor seem to point towards a crisis in songwriting- all bombast and experimentation but not many quality tunes. No song is bad mind you and as an album it makes a decent play but i dont think it is going to blow open any doors or downplay perceptions of Coldplay- and though its better than recent U2 efforts it falls behind Bono and Co's best moments of the past. Coldplay do have some fantastic songs two great albums and the ability to do better- and i hope they do.
B00140PK6O|5.0|This was a gift for my wife and she loved it. She's watched it several times now.
1400082773|4.0|A revelation of the struggles of blacks in general to find a place where the color of a person's skin makes no difference whatever in the way he is treated by the over all population no matter where he might be. Extremely well written.
B00006G8HX|4.0|This movie is the exeption to the odd nnumber Startrek movie curse. If you see Startrek II The Wrath of Kahn, then you need to see this one to finish the entire storyline.
1427201412|4.0|This book has its entertaining moments, but it is largely derivative of both the novels of Jane Austen (to be expected given its title and subject matter) but also of BRIDGET JONES DIARY.  Since that was already derived from PRIDE AND PREJUDICE, should we have expected this novel to be a takeoff on BRIDGET JONES too?  However, I liked it better after a second viewing.  Why not?
B0013D8LCW|5.0|I'm not fond of a lot of the current LGBT movies that are around these days, but Shelter was one, if not THEE best movie I have seen in a long time. It was perfect all around and no amount of gushing from me will be able to praise how good this movie is.
1593082037|4.0|This is a great value edition.  I did not find the print to be as legible as I might have wanted it to be for this oversized paperback.  I am starting out with volume one first to see how I do; have had some problems with my eyes so some of these jam packed paperbacks which have been scaled down to size are sometimes difficult to read; they pare down everything including the font size.  So far so good; but I have put on some reading glasses so as to not tire my eyes out.  The print is definately not large enough; and that is the one drawback.  I am sure for some this would be a non issue; but not for this reader.<br /><br />In terms of value you cannot go wrong except with the font size; the paperback is not one of those books which will take a beating either.  But the selection of stories is phenomenal.<br /><br />Now to the volume itself:  the price point is good ($7.95); the font size small from my perspective; the stock used thin.  But the anthology selection is glorious.  There are an introduction and notes by Kyle Freeman who has been a Sherlock Holmes enthusiast for many years; there is a timeline of Doyle's life and outstanding events related to the character Holmes. There is even a note on the conveyances used during that time period.  Holmes makes his first appearance in A Study in Scarlet and we are off.  The volume has a set of end notes, some questions and answers from some well known authors; there are 23 wonderful classic Holmes tales as well as the The Hound of the Baskervilles, A Study in Scarlet (already mentioned) and The Sign of Four.<br /><br />It was wonderful to learn more about Arthur Conan Doyle's own life as a young ship's surgeon and how he sailed the Arctic in a whaling ship and all of his very unique adventures.  He had a Jesuit education but turned his back on catholicism; though championing spiritualism causes as he grew older.  He was knighted by King Edward VII; but one of his greatest influences was Thomas Macaulay who happened to have passed away the same year that Doyle was born.  From the time he was introduced to Macaulay at his Jesuit boarding school, he carried a volume of Macaulay's essays around with him for the remainder of his days.  Doyle was very frank in admitting that these essays influenced him more than anything else.<br /><br />Sherlock Holmes remains synonymous with the idea of the great detective.  And everyone of us loves the idea of opening up one of Doyle's tales and hearing Holmes utter one of his famous quotes which infers his superior intellect and not too humble demeanor.<br /><br />\\"My name is Sherlock Holmes. It is my business to know what other people don't know.\\"  And so it goes.<br /><br />Good value, you cannot go wrong; just get a good pair of reading glasses and then everything is elementary!<br /><br />Bentley/2008<br />[[ASIN:1593082037 The Complete Sherlock Holmes, Vol. 1 (Barnes & Noble Classics)]]ame year that Doyle was born.  From the time he was introduced to Macaulay at his Jesuit boarding school, he carried a volume of Macaulay's essays around with him for the remainder of his days.  Doyle was very frank in admitting that these essays influenced him more than anything else.      Sherlock Holmes remains synonymous with the idea of the great detective.  And everyone of us loves the idea of opening up one of Doyle's tales and hearing Holmes utter one of his famous quotes which infers his superior intellect and not too humble demeanor.      \\"My name is Sherlock Holmes. It is my business to know what other people don't know.\\"   And so it goes.    Good value, you cannot go wrong; just get a good pair of reading glasses and then everything is elementary!    Bentley/2008  [[ASIN:1593082037 The Complete Sherlock Holmes, Vol. 1 (Barnes & Noble Classics)]]
B00000K0DQ|5.0|This movie wrecked me.<br /><br />Seriously, it tore out my heart and stomped on it.  `Dead Man Walking' is one of those movies that ravages an individual because it leaves bias at the door and forces you to witness two sides of a devastating story.  I feel about this film as I do about `4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days' for both films take a situation that one would have a firm opinion about and causes you to seriously doubt yourself.  With `4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days' it was abortion, and while I am wholeheartedly against the act it forced me to understand why some would be for it, and it brought me a to a dark and lonely place I never want to revisit.  `Dead Man Walking' is very similar but maybe even with a more savage result.  This film takes on the subject of the death penalty and asks us to contemplate whether or not it is humane.  Instead of forcing us a preordained answer, `Dead Man Walking' allows the audience to see both sides of the situation and decide for themselves what they think is just and fair.<br /><br />`Dead Man Walking' took everything I believed in and destroyed it.<br /><br />When `4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days' was through I was weak emotionally, but I still stood firm to my beliefs on the subject.  When I was through with `Dead Man Walking' I had no idea what I believed anymore because I found myself trying to justify each stance on the matter.  I still am trying to grapple with my feelings.<br /><br />`Dead Man Walking' (a slang term used in reference to a death row inmate in route to the death chamber) focuses on Matthew Poncelet, a convicted murderer trying to get his death sentenced exchanged for a life sentence.  He writes to Sister Helen Prejean for her help in the process, and when his appeal is denied he asks her to be his spiritual adviser during the week leading up to his execution.  She agrees, despite the pressure she has from the community and the victims families to separate herself from this man.  The film takes us into the relationship between these two people and slowly and subtly lets us inside their minds.  Matthew swears he was nothing more than a witness to the horrific events that placed him on death row yet Sister Prejean is trying to help him take responsibility for his actions so as to gain Christ's forgiveness.<br /><br />What could have proved itself nothing more than a sappy preachy film about inhumane/humane (depending on your stance) acts of justice becomes so much more thanks to the brilliant performances by the entire cast, the two leads in particular.  Susan Sarandon is one of our greatest working actresses, and she always succeeds in impressing me, but this is probably her finest performance (and Oscar agreed).  Not only that, but this may very well be one of the finest performances by any actress, ever.  As Sister Helen Prejean she truly grabs hold of this woman's soul, her inner demons and her beauty within.  She is so raw, so human and real that one can't help but fall into her plight and stand beside her strength.  Her final scenes with Penn devastate me and caused me to burst into tears.  Those scenes were of course only strengthened by the power that is Sean Penn.  As Matthew Poncelet, Penn creates a monster that is so real and so human that we can't help by sympathize with him.  It was about half way through the film that it hit me, what Penn was successfully doing.  He was creating a man that I could understand.  We think about the act and the crime and the horror behind it all and we are quick to hate and cry out for justice, but quite like `A Clockwork Orange', `Dead Man Walking' asks the question if we have the right, as humans, to decide just what that justice should entail.<br /><br />The final moments of `Dead Man Walking' hit me like a freight train.  Coupling the heartbreaking final moments of Poncelet's life with flashbacks of his horrendous crime leaves the viewer in distress and torn between two wide ranges of thinking.  This was probably the smartestdirection Tim Robbins could have gone for it accomplishes what he set out to do, create a film without bias that addresses both side of the coin.  Sure, the harrowing performances by R. Lee Ermey, Celia Weston and Robert Prosky as the parents of Poncelet's victims help give us a perspective into their feelings on the matter, but it is the ending that really twists the knife.  By feeding us the initial crime and the inevitable justice at the same time we are flooded with emotions as we cringe at the sight of Poncelet taking innocent lives in such a brutal fashion and then shiver in misery as we watch his life taken from him in what is considered a `humane' fashion.  The ending result is one of pain and emotional exhaustion.<br /><br />I cannot say that I would not want this same form of justice done if anyone hurt my daughter.  Most likely I would be campaigning for a more drastic and harsh form of torment to be done that individual.  I think that is why this film haunts me so much, because I am a father.  As I watch this movie and begin to sympathize with this man I feel guilty because I would never want someone to sympathize with a man that hurt my own daughter.  Having said that I wholeheartedly agree with Penn's final devastating words, that killing is wrong no matter who is doing it.  This rift in my own feelings may very well be the reason I consider this to be one of the finest films ever made, for it addresses those same contradictions with intelligence and honesty.it accomplishes what he set out to do, create a film without bias that addresses both side of the coin.  Sure, the harrowing performances by R. Lee Ermey, Celia Weston and Robert Prosky as the parents of Poncelet's victims help give us a perspective into their feelings on the matter, but it is the ending that really twists the knife.  By feeding us the initial crime and the inevitable justice at the same time we are flooded with emotions as we cringe at the sight of Poncelet taking innocent lives in such a brutal fashion and then shiver in misery as we watch his life taken from him in what is considered a `humane' fashion.  The ending result is one of pain and emotional exhaustion.      I cannot say that I would not want this same form of justice done if anyone hurt my daughter.  Most likely I would be campaigning for a more drastic and harsh form of torment to be done that individual.  I think that is why this film haunts me so much, because I am a father.  As I watch this movie and begin to sympathize with this man I feel guilty because I would never want someone to sympathize with a man that hurt my own daughter.  Having said that I wholeheartedly agree with Penn's final devastating words, that killing is wrong no matter who is doing it.  This rift in my own feelings may very well be the reason I consider this to be one of the finest films ever made, for it addresses those same contradictions with intelligence and honesty.
B0000DBJDM|5.0|Compared to the original version of \\"Live at Pompeii\\" this one has more material in it, without anything dropped. There are some more interviews, where Roger makes fun of the interviewer, that's so much fun! And some Odyssey like video parts have been added to the songs that looks pretty cool.
0007260822|5.0|It was a wonderful book with one of a kind form of writing. COmpulsively readable. Will have no regrets of reading it.
1582701709|1.0|Is this some kind of joke? I blindly purchased this book upon the recommendation of an online companion, and it is horrible. The secret is, in a nutshell, sending good thoughts into the universe. It tells you that the reason you are fat, if you are, is not because of the food you eat, but because you think fat thoughts. Do not buy. Way overpriced, and not worth a penny of your money. I left mine on an airplane.    SG
0061537934|5.0|I feel as if I am always spinning in a thousand directions and rarely have time to read anything other than magazines and work-related necessities.  But I am grateful that time presented itself for me to read \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\".  It was profound and moving and a book I will never forget.  I give it 5 stars or 2 barks!
B00006CXSS|5.0|This DVD set is one of the best additions to my video library I have ever made. It is an instant classic because it is the true story of the men of Easy Company of the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division in WWII Europe. It is also a classic because of the quality way it is made with attention to the minutest detail. In the foreword to the latest edition of the book this series is based on, Stephen E. Ambrose tells of how Hanks and Spielberg got started on this video project. He also tells of their genuine interest in telling the story of the \\"Band of Brothers\\" exactly like it happened. These efforts included face-to-face and phone conversations with the surviving members of Easy to ensure they recreated every scene correct, even down to what each man was feeling. Ambrose told the true story of these heroes in his book, and the video series follows the book to the letter.    Although I have never experienced hard combat such as that of the battle of Bastogne, I did spend many years in the U.S. Navy. During that time, I learned first hand the value of effective leadership and of the camaraderie that makes a military unit a \\"Band of Brothers\\". This series shows that leadership and camaraderie in an excellent manner.    This exceptional video production tells the whole story of the heroes of Easy Company from their formation and training at Camp Toccoa, Georgia to their deactivation at the conclusion of WWII. It portrays their thoughts, feelings and actions during such key WWII campaigns as the D-Day landings, Operation Market Garden in Holland, the Battle of the Bulge, the fall of Nazi Germany and the occupation of Hitler's Eagles Nest in the Alps.    This DVD set is a must-have addition to any video library, especially if you are interested in American history, WWII, effective leadership or just inspiring stories. I even recommend it to anti-war advocates as it accurately depicts the true horrors of war. As any intelligent person knows, combat warriors are the strongest anti-war advocates there are, as politicians and diplomats start the wars; it is the warriors who have to put their butts on the line to prosecute and win them. I cannot recommend owning this set strongly enough!
B001AU8ZLK|5.0|I hate Colplay. Blandplay more like it. Of course I have to eat my words now-but that's entirely due to the production on this record.  For all those people who are calling this a disappointment, that's because they've been given an album where they have to think and it hurts their heads.  Soundscapes makes them scared and they don't respond well to spooky behavior.  Put this album on and listen to it over and over. Absorb the sound-listen to the words.  Give thanks that there is a Brian Eno out there.  Go back and listen to Unforgettable Fire, Remain in Light, and Low and Heroes and if you have the balls, listen to Roxy Music and For Your Pleasure.  Coldplay and My Morning Jacket's Evil Urges are the 2 best albums of the year-no contest.  And remember - I hate Coldplay.
B0010ZR160|5.0|I enjoyed this movie as far as entertainment. I do realize that it is based on a book. My husband who was born in Ireland left this area of Boston because he wanted to get away from the Irish American element of the area. the Irish American attitude is to drink round the clock, eat corned beef and cabbage on St Patrick's Day and dye their hair green. This makes him ashamed and he wanted to separate himself of this stereotype. Irish American s have no idea of what being Irish is all about and most have never seen the sky over Ireland and never will. The Irish American women he met before he married me (A New York Italian American)would drink him under the table and used language as foul as it gets.<br />Our feeling about Casy Affleck playing the role that he did is that it was the wrong role for him. Who knows? Maybe Ben said \\"I can't pay you but, this hopefully will add to your Resume\\". We had a hard time taking Casey seriously. He is a stickman at probably 5'10\\" and weighing in at about 148 lbs. Thank God he had a gun permit and was carrying in the bar scene or he would have been crushed- snapped in two pieces like a twig.
B00004RFFS|5.0|I read the book before seeing the movie.<br />It seemed to capture the essence of the book.<br />And it did.<br />Well, Tom Cruise had to hetero up the character.<br />Otherwise he did a phenomenal job of bringing Lestat to life.<br />A brilliant movie, great acting all around, great music, very well paced.<br />A must see for horror fans.<br />A movie that finally outdoes the book.<br />And now I have to rant on Cruse for a minute.<br />I remember when this movie came out and all the HEAT he took from people for doing this movie.<br />It's too dark, it's too scary, it's too...........BLAH BLAH BLAH!!!!!!!!!!<br />I wish Tom's core audience would shut up and let him do his thing.<br />I was and still am SOOOOOOOOOO tired of seeing Cruise in his usual \\"Top Gun\\" role.<br />Interview finally proved the guy can act, REALLY act.<br />And he took so much crap from his core audience of straight women in their 40's for not doing his usual dumbed down romance role.<br />GIVE IT UP!!!<br />Have any of you noticed he's never done a role NEARLY as risky as this one since then?<br />It's his career and his life people, let him live it the way HE wants.<br />The vampire Cruise NEVER would have committed that couch jumping episode years later on Oprah.<br />Go back to your risky roles Tom, you deserve better than a bunch of screaming post teen women telling you how to run your life.<br />Interview???<br />Oh yeah, Interview With The Vampire.......<br />The single most brilliant Vampire movie Hollyweird has ever produced.<br />Highly recommended.
B000YENUI6|4.0|Nikolai (Viggo Mortensen) is a driver for Russian mobster Kirill (Vincent Cassell) in David Cronenberg's darkly excellent thriller. Kirill's father is Semyon (Armin Mueller-Stahl), the seemingly avuncular but cold-hearted and ruthless mob boss who runs a drugs, contraband and prostitution racket from his London restaurant. Nikolai is initially little more than a babysitter to the wayward, drunken Kirill, but proves his usefulness to Semyon and seems destined to rise up through the ranks of the organisation.    The film's opening scene sees a young, heavily pregnant girl collapse in a chemist's shop. She is rushed to hospital where she dies in childbirth. The midwife, Anna (Naomi Watts), who has recently lost a child herself, decides to try and trace the girl's family. The only clue the dead girl leaves behind is her diary, which is in Russian. Anna, unable to read the girl's words and finding a card in the diary, pays a fateful visit to the Trans-Siberian restaurant. Semyon seems initially charming and helpful, but after she tells him about the child and the diary, arouses Anna's suspicions when he firstly tries to find out where she lives and then visits her at the hospital. Meanwhile Anna's Russian uncle, Stepa (Jerzy Skolimowsky), has translated enough of the diary to discover that the girl was a 14-year-old prostitute, and that she was being kept as a slave by the mob.     Anna's attempts to save the child, whom she has christened Christine, from a bleak future draw her inextricably into conflict with Semyon, and events seem to be heading to a fatal conclusion. Nikolai, sent to retrieve the diary, initially seems as sinister and cold-blooded as his boss, but reveals occasional glimpses of compassion which intrigue Anna.    Viggo Mortensen is outstanding as the enigmatic Nikolai, whose real identity remains tantalisingly out of reach. Watts' performance as a woman trying to heal her own past by giving Christine a future, is subtle and understated, but as compelling as always. Writer Stephen Knight (Dirty Pretty Things) shows us a London that is cold, bleak and dangerous. The film gives us a fascinating insight into the Russian mafia or \\"vory v zakone\\" (thieves in law), who record their histories by tattooing their bodies. The violence is, as ever with Cronenberg, extreme but sparse - and all the more shocking for it. One memorable scene sees a nude Mortensen fighting two Chechen hitmen in a public bathhouse, which leads to a gruesome denouement.     Eastern Promises is a provocative and intelligent thriller - it's not for the squeamish, but among the best films of recent years, and one of David Cronenberg's finest films to date.
B00125WAXC|5.0|The Great Debaters is a terrific, multi-dimensional movie with layers of stories that each leave a profound impression. I can't offer a more descriptive review than amazon.com, and other customers, have already written here.<br /><br />I am overly sensitive to violent scenes, and I found the lynching scene to be on the very edge of what I'm able to tolerate. The sex scenes were not blatant or gratuitous, mostly just suggested.<br /><br />This is a powerful movie with important information about recent American history. I believe this movie should be required viewing for American kids in middle school.
B0013ISU0A|1.0|\\"Supernatural Superserious\\" is the token hit, and \\"Hollow Man\\" is decent.  The rest of the cd is just noise, and the dvd is utterly worthless. Jeez, I thought the dvd would at least have some concert footage or something, but I guess it's just there to justify a higher price!
B0017I1FNK|1.0|Well, I've always loved Emmylou. Seen her several times live.    But this new one is just a bore. All ballads, all sounding the same. Many of the lyrics even have a certain sameness to them. I guess they're supposed to be \\"poetic.\\" The band arrangements are nothing but wallpaper. The Merle Haggard song sounds just like the Tracy Chapman song. Emmylou's own compositions are lackluster. Yawn! She even manages to drain all the honky tonk out of \\"Old Five and Dimers Like me.\\"     I wish Emmylou would return to the variety and pep that were always in evidence on her classic albums. But it seems those days are gone.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|This is an awesome album by Judas Priest. Admittedly it takes a few listens to really appreciate it. There are some great metal songs on the album. Not sure if people who are dissing this have fully listened to the album all the way thru more than once. This has really grown on me. I own every Priest album and I would say this is the most creative yet. This is a long way from when I first saw them in concert in 1979 after they released Killing Machine. How many bands have ever been able to get away with a double album that is not live or greatest hits? Led Zeppelin (Physical Graffiti), Beatles (White Album) and Pink Floyd (The Wall) are notable examples. This album in my opinion lives in that category as one of the greatest works this band has created.  I defy anyone to listen to the title track and tell me that is not classic Priest! The track has guitar riffs not unlike Painkiller. Future of Mankind is probably mt favorite track on the album. Here Halford's voice is showcased like never before. I guess I am one of those who preferred Rob Halford's solo music to Priest at the time Ripper Owens was singing alongside Glenn and KK. To me much of Nostradamus has more of the Halfordesque qualities than it does of true classic priest of the 80's. This though is an awesome album. I got a free ticket to their concert in Dallas to boot. Even if you hate the CD but re a Priest fan that has to be a good deal. Long live the Priest!
B000K7VHQ4|3.0|The Illusionist has great acting and a good story.<br />It tends to drag in a few places but it's definitely worth a rental.<br />The magical tricks are fun and interesting to watch.<br />The ending was kind of.......... Ho hum.<br />Not nearly as good as The Prestige, but if your looking for a solid movie based on magic then this movie is a good place to start.<br />Did I mention Ed Norton is one of the HOTTEST geeks on earth?<br />And can somebody tell me where he got that long black coat?<br />Still.......awesome movie!!!
B0018AK9RA|5.0|To all the bashers of this album, I offer this perspective... listen to \\"[[ASIN:B0000630BT Painkiller]]\\", and then to \\"Nostradamus\\". After that, listen to \\"[[ASIN:B000002U82 Dark Side Of The Moon]]\\", then listen to \\"[[ASIN:B000006TRV The Wall (Deluxe Packaging Digitally Remastered)]]\\". Now, why I say this, is that both sets of albums are similar in that they have the same type of differences within the same band. Different genres, same idea. Anyhow, picked this album up the day it was released, and I have to say I was not disappointed in the least. The electronic keyboard ambience is what I was afraid of having the biggest issue with, was actually a very welcome addition to this record. Great job, Priest!!! Still need to give the album a full all the way through at once listen, but I doubt that will change my opinion in the slightest. This album proves that Priest isn't content to just make the same record over and over again. They tried something new, and in my opinion, it worked immensely well.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|I have seen just about every film adaptation of Jane Eyre and this is by far the best.  You will love it!
B0018AK9RA|5.0|First off, this is not the classic Judas Priest of the 80's ala Screaming, Defenders, or even Turbo. This is a new direction for the Godfather's Of British Metal. Though somewhat like Turbo in it's symphonic use of keyboards, this a much more complicated effort musically. This is also one of Rob Halfords best vocal performances, and quite refreshing to hear an actual singer instead of the grunting, hacking up a goober style that prevails so much of todays metal bands. I think this is probably the best concept piece released since Savatage's \\"Streets\\" or QueensRyche's \\"Operation Mindcrime.\\"    If you're expecting a rehash of old material, this is not what you're looking for. Priest has evolved thier sound and stepped up thier game with this release and I totally welcome it. This may be the last effort from the Priest after a more than 30 year stellar career. If so, then they go out with a bang, not a whimper.
1400082773|3.0|I picked this book up because Obama most likely will be our next President. It seemed strange that this might happen and I had not yet read what was said to be his well received memoir. The book was published 13 years ago by someone whom Im sure never expected he would be a candidate for President. What politician with those ambitions would reveal so much about him self in a memoir? I wondered as I read along what my reaction might have been if I had picked this up in 1995. In presenting a review of the book one has a hard time separating Politian Obama from writer Obama.  Obama is a good writer and he does a fairly good job of letting the reader into his thoughts and conflicts as he tries to search for an identify through his black father (and his extended family during visits to Kenya). Most of the book is a coming of age perspective on how Obama was raised by his white mother and grandparents in tolerant multi racial Hawaii and his search for his identity as a tolerant black man. You sense that Obama is observant of others, their views, cultures and belief systems. He seems interested in how various people establish their own value judgments. He makes observations much like a novelist and at one point I felt Obamas book read a bit like a Paul Theroux travel book without the sarcasm (Black Star Safari). I think my recommendation of the book is contingent upon what you as a reader and voter want to know about Obamas background. What Obama offers up is more than you will get from any other politician. I doubt, however, that I would have finished the book if I had tried to read it in 1995. Although interesting, the narrative is not very compelling unless you read it through the prism of current events. (My three star review is based on reading this without the prism of current events.)I have edited my review on 10/09/2008 to add this line to mention that I have voted for Obama and hope others do too.
0316143472|2.0|I've read all of David's works and this one fell flat, could it be he was funnier when he drank and smoked?  Don't know the answer to that one, it's just that it felt like homework reading it from beginning to end.
B000HEVZ6W|5.0|Gattaca is not your typical sci fi movie.<br />The usually lasers and explosions are not present.<br />What is present? The human race is entirely engineered, even before your born, your parents decide your traits, hair color, eye color etc...<br />Children who are born out of the \\"acceptable\\" order are called \\"God Children\\".<br />These \\"God Children\\" are pretty much the outcasts of society.<br />They are forced to work low ladder jobs and are not allowed to excel in society.<br />Gattaca is fast paced, well written, superbly acted and is a great commentary on where our world may be heading.<br />Will the geneticists decide who can and can't be born?<br />Scary stuff people, you could see entire peoples being exterminated before they are even born.<br />Another must see movie from Hollyweird.<br />Recommended.
B001A3AA0G|5.0|amazing melodic/harmonic structures, composition, varied chord progressions, lyrics/vocals...you feel like you're running through a happy, familiar dream of your childhood which inversely creates an old melancholy...
B00006CXSS|5.0|I got this from my family for fathers day. I am a total WW2 nut, but I had never seen this one before. Totally addictive, I kept watching episode after episode until I had watched the whole thing.  I was blown away by this one!
B0013FSL0C|5.0|Excellent show----shows the true relationship between client and therapist! If you ever wondered what therapy is really like this show gives you a peek into the world of counseling. The good, bad and the ugly.  Highly rate this series as a learning and entertaining show.    Karen B.  Therapist
B00111YM5G|1.0|I bought this movie thinking it was going to be like \\"The prophecy\\" but it turned out to be more like \\"A clockwork orange\\" It was very hard to follow. I also found that the characters lacked motivation in the storyline to justify their actions. I couldn't identify with or sympathize with any of the characters. The ending was the worst I've seen in a long time. I just sat on my couch and said \\"what?\\" in disbelief and confusion.
B000E33W1W|5.0|I love this movie!!!!!!!!<br />I love Halloween and ghosts, so of course I knew I'd like this move.<br />Spooky and fun without any being your typical horror gross fest.<br />Ghostbusters has a great story, great acting, and excellent directing.<br />What's not to like about this move?<br />It's fun, lighthearted, funny and is one movie I never tire of seeing.<br />It would be nice after all these years if they'd FINALLY make part three.<br />With the FX available now, I'd love to see what modern filmmakers would do with the franchise.<br />Highly recommended.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|A truly moving and beautiful film. Great script and great acting. I highly recommend it.
B00070Q7VO|5.0|Michael Buble's remakes of various songs have invariably been successful.  This CD is no exception.  I highly recommend purchasing it.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This is a fantastically produced DVD and a real collectors item for any history buff. I am a shirtsleeve relative of John Adams and can only say that Tom Hanks deserves a lot of credit for producting this DVD. This is better than any movie you can see at a theater and the cast of characters really pulls off the realistic events of the time by their performances. Every young US student should make it part of their education.
B0014127BO|2.0|1. I was disappointed in CD. This is NOT Bryan Adams' best work. Way too mellow.
185984054X|4.0|I have been reading Hitchens' books quite avidly in the last half of the year, and this book landed in my hands after finishing the superb [[ASIN:1843545748 God Is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything]].<br /><br />I should confess I felt a little dirty as the pages started to turn.  Despite my enjoyment of Hitchen's prose, this book left a bit of an aftertaste in my mouth, a disappointment similar to finding out that Santa does not exist.<br /><br />But as terse and poignant it may read this book is not a bitter ad hominem attack on the person of Mother Theresa.  It is rather a criticism on the ways that she, other people and even institutions have benefited from the artificial creation of her over-inflated saintly myth and the political/monetary advantages it procured.<br /><br />The book sometimes reads a bit dry, but the information, quotations, official letters included made it worth my while.  And at 98 pages, it is not too long a while.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|What has elevated Coldplay above standard adult pop stereotypes has been the underlying tension in their sound, as if they're right on the edge of either dark rock angst or a nervous breakdown. But here that unique tension has been partially replaced by unemotional musical experimentation, particularly with international sounds. This experimentation is usually, but not always, well-integrated into the songs. That old Coldplay semi-angst shines through in \\"Cemeteries of London\\" and \\"Violet Hill,\\" and the new sense of musical adventure leads to some real breakthroughs in \\"42\\" and the two-part epic \\"Yes.\\" Fortunately, Coldplay's personality as a band is still evolving, with guitarist Jonny Buckland growing in influence, while Chris Martin (both vocally and lyrically) is leaving his image as a softie far behind. But trouble arises with the awkward Latin-esque percussion forced into the otherwise winning \\"Lost!\\" or the attempted African vibe of \\"Strawberry Swing.\\" Many of the album's melodies take on uninspiring aspects of Peter Gabriel, solo Sting, or late-period U2 - which is perhaps the influence of producer Brian Eno. This is a pretty strong album but Coldplay seem to be trying to please too many populations. [~doomsdayer520~]
0316143472|2.0|I bought this book based on reviews but have not found it to be very funny. Maybe it is the writing style, i dont know but i havent had a good laugh out of it yet.
0307346617|4.0|Another world war...only this time it is against ZOMBIES!    Max Brooks brings us a new approach to the zombie tales. This book contains the interviews of a reporter during this war. The interviews range from military personel, civilians, etc. The books do not delve into how the zombie plague started, just on how people were effected and the correct and incorrect solutions that people and governments tried.    WWZ was an enjoyable read. It looked at this zombie war through a nubmer of different individuals which made it interesting. While the book didn't go into the causes of the outbreak, it definitely went into the effects of the outbreak. The reporter takes us to several different countries.    It is a good summer read. Not too scary or graphic. Some of the interviews are great and bring the tension of the battles against the zombies and the struggles to sruvive. This book was far better than Brooks' 'Zombie Survival Guide' which I found too repetative.    I would recommend this book to all zombie fans.
B00005ASHM|5.0|Step 1. Buy Pet Sounds, put on your headphones, lay down in your room, be amazed.    Step 2. Buy The Pet Sounds box set, listen to all the tracks a cappella and have your mind blown    Step 3. Check out Dennis Wilson's lost classic \\"Pacific Ocean Blue\\" that just came out. A must have for any Beach Boy fan
B0015I2P0Y|3.0|The first song \\"Starlings\\" grabbed my attention as this is going to be different but after 2 or 3 songs it was like putting me to sleep. \\"The Fix\\" awakened me a little, however, it wasn't until \\"One Day Like This\\" that really grabbed my attention and made me play it over again. Then the last song \\"Friend of Ours just knocked me out cold! That one could have been left out and nothing would have been missed.  This is not your regular pop album with catchy sing along tunes.  If you like something along this vein stick with U2.  Good for one listen but nothing to make you want to put it back in except for \\"One Day Like This\\"; if you were going to download one song off of this album make it that one.
B0018AK9RA|4.0|I really like this cd, i think that it is great! Very cool sounding and epic. If you love Priest, you will like this.
B000Q6GUT8|5.0|Wow! is what I can start out by saying, I never say the twist that this movie game me.  Very well planned out script there were a few times when I thought I had the movie figured out but they got me again.  This was a very good movie, one that you have to pay attention to, it will definitely go in my favorite pile and my too be watched over and over again.  Mark Wahlberg is an intense actor he really carried the part to the max.
B000O176Q6|4.0|Muy buena idea, traer un clasico a la nueva generacion.  Se ve muy bien y el sonido es muy bueno.  Tiene muchos extras
B000RPSVE0|5.0|Approximately 144,000 Jews, mostly from Germany and Czechoslovakia, were imprisoned in the Nazi concentration camp at Theresienstadt for varying terms between 1941 and 1945. Roughly 15,000 of them were children. At least 33,000 died of contagion or starvation. 88,000 were dispatched to Auschwitz or other extermination camps, where they were gassed, usually on the day of arrival. Of the children, no more than 1100 survived. Of the total transient population, there were only 17,247 verified survivors -- 17,247 witnesses to the Holocaust.<br /><br />Among the Jews at Theresienstadt were some 470 Danish Jews who had not been successfully smuggled away to Sweden. The Danish government to the bold step of demanding that the International Red Cross be allowed to inspect the camp, and on June 23rd, 1944, such an inspection took place. The Germans prepared a mammoth hoax, cleaning, painting, building false fronts for shops, evacuating the sick and scrawny and cutting the population of prisoners to hastening the dispatch of thousands to Auschwitz. Theresienstadt had from the beginning been the \\"clearing house\\" for the Jewish intellectual elite, especially of Czechoslovakia. For propaganda purposes, Jews there were permitted certain cultural activities, under censorship. Thus the Red Cross was shown a thriving ghetto in which people conducted art classes, educated children, and performed music of all sorts - cabaret songs, Schubertian Lieder, modernist music not tolerated in Germany, even a children's opera. A film was made, to show the world the humanity of the Third Reich... The makers of the film were immediately sent to be executed. The composers of the music, including the opera, were soon sent to Auschwitz. Three of the composers on this CD - Hans Krasa, Pavel Haas, and Viktor Ullman - were sent to Auschwitz together on October 15th, 1944, and gassed immediately when they arrived.<br /><br />One inmate of the death-to-come camp at Theresienstadt was a nurse, Ilse Weber, who wrote at least 60 songs which she sang during her night rounds among the sick. The first song on this CD, in the proper German of her murderers, begins like this:<br /><br />Ich wandre durch Theresienstadt,<br />das Herz so schwer wie Blei.<br />Bis j&auml;h mein Weg ein Ende hat,<br />dort knapp an der Bastei.<br />I wander through Theresienstadt,<br />my heart as heavy as lead.<br />Till suddenly my way ends<br />right there at the barrier.<br /><br />When a throng of sick children were shipped from Theresienstadt to the death camp, Ilse Weber voluntarily accompanied them. Eyewitnesses report that in the gas chamber, she sang to the children her own lullaby, Wiegala, included on this CD.<br /><br />Swedish opera star Anne Sofie von Otter and baritone Christian Gerhaher sing the 25 pieces of music composed by inmates of Theresienstadt with respect and pathos. Von Otter says: \\"I felt and feel profoundly moved by thoughts of the cruel and terrifying fate of these inncoent prisoners, of all the human beings, young and old, whose existence was obliterated by the Nazis.\\"<br /><br />This is a CD you need to own. The next time your humanity is insulted by the presence of a Holocaust-denier - there are such execrable creatures here in America - play this CD for him or her. Let's extend that: the next time any preacher of racial or religious hatred, any political scare-monger, any demonizer of immigrants, any ranter against cultural co-existence assaults your decency and intelligence, tell her or him the story of Theresienstadt.who wrote at least 60 songs which she sang during her night rounds among the sick. The first song on this CD, in the proper German of her murderers, begins like this:<br /><br />Ich wandre durch Theresienstadt,<br />das Herz so schwer wie Blei.<br />Bis j&auml;h mein Weg ein Ende hat,<br />dort knapp an der Bastei.<br />I wander through Theresienstadt,<br />my heart as heavy as lead.<br />Till suddenly my way ends<br />right there at the barrier.<br /><br />When a throng of sick children were shipped from Theresienstadt to the death camp, Ilse Weber voluntarily accompanied them. Eyewitnesses report that in the gas chamber, she sang to the children her own lullaby, Wiegala, included on this CD.<br /><br />Swedish opera star Anne Sofie von Otter and baritone Christian Gerhaher sing the 25 pieces of music composed by inmates of Theresienstadt with respect and pathos. Von Otter says: \\"I felt and feel profoundly moved by thoughts of the cruel and terrifying fate of these inncoent prisoners, of all the human beings, young and old, whose existence was obliterated by the Nazis.\\"<br /><br />This is a CD you need to own. The next time your humanity is insulted by the presence of a Holocaust-denier - there are such execrable creatures here in America - play this CD for him or her. Let's extend that: the next time any preacher of racial or religious hatred, any political scare-monger, any demonizer of immigrants, any ranter against cultural co-existence assaults your decency and intelligence, tell her or him the story of Theresienstadt.
B0000AUHPG|5.0|despite being a huge john wayne fan, this is my favorite western of all time...setting style and the tone for the story with the opening train station scene written by dario argento (a master of italian horror) style and story come together in this masterpiece<br /><br />shaka sez check it out!!!
B0009K7QZ8|5.0|The DVDs play great, all the artwork was included like it said and everything was in really good condition.  It arrived to the house in really great time too
B000UBMWG4|4.0|Tremendos visuales para ser una pelicula vieja.  Harrison Ford hace un tremendo papel.  Muy buen sonido
B0018OAPAW|3.0|I'm not quite sure what to say about this album. The artwork and the title are awesome, and that's about where the awesome ends. I'm not saying this is a bad album, I just expected more from The Offspring. To me, this is a mediocre listen at best. I liked about 6 of the songs on the album. 4 of the last 6 I can stomach barely, and then there's 2 songs I can't stand. On its own, it's not a bad album, but it is not an Offspring album. I expected something a little more their style. This is more pop punk than punk rock. I miss the days of Americana and at this point, I'm giving up hope that they'll ever reach that plateau again.
0671449028|5.0|This was our first Sandra Boynton book and one of our favorites.  It's usually in our stack of bedtime books and our son often wants to read it more than once.  It's so fun to read.  Our whole family highly recommends it!
B0018AK9RK|3.0|\\"I am Nostradamus  Your future is mine  My impaling metal member  Rising up your taut behind\\"    \\"Like a stiff steely shiny Ginsu  Parting two fat halves of ham  My throbbing red metal hammer  In the deep realms of a man\\"        With lyrics like these, \\"Nostradamas\\" joins OTHER oozing Priest \\"chestnuts\\" in lyrical imagery and innuendo such as THESE masterpieces:    1)  The Ripper  2)  Exciter  3)  Raw Deal  4)  White Heat Red Hot  5)  Invader  6)  Fire Burns Below  7)  Burning Up  8)  Grinder  9)  Point of Entry/Hot Rockin'  10) You Say Yes  11) All The Way In  12) Riding The Wind  13) Chains  14) Pain And Pleasure  15) You've Got Another Thing Comin'  16) Jawbreaker  17) Rock Hard Ride Free  18) Love Bites  19) Eat Me Alive  20) Some Heads Are Gonna Roll  21) Knight Comes Down My Face  22) Turbo Lover  23) Wild Nights, Hot And Crazy Days  24) Hot For Love  25) Ram It Down  26) Love Zone  27) Come And Get It  28) Hard As Iron  29) Love You To Death  30) Painkiller  31) All Guns Blazing  32) Nightcrawler  33) Between The Hammer And The Anvil  34) Hellrider
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|This was the only gift my husband wanted.  He loved it and thinks it is the best movie of 2008, after Iron Man
B00000DHRZ|4.0|I loved this album. I would have given it a 4.5 if I could have. I can't give it a 5 just because of Why Don't You Get a Job. That song is awful. If you got rid of that song then this would be a 5 star album. Every song on this album is good, or even perhaps great except for that song. My personal favorites are The Kids Aren't Alright and Americana, but I also loved Have You Ever, Staring At The Sun as well as Pay the Man. These were all great tracks. I wish The Offspring still put out tracks like these. All I can say is this is a definite buy for any Offspring fan and possibly a buy for fans looking for good punk rock music.
B0009YKWAK|5.0|A modern day thriller; a story about greed and terrorism with a background of grief and loss. Acting is excellent.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I love Jillian Michaels first off, i think she challenges you and gives you intense workouts. This is no different. Level 1 was quite easy for me, so i combined level 2 and 3 to get a great workout! I was sweating up a storm when i finished. Only a few minor things to say:  First these are not 20 min workouts. I have timed them and they come out to more like 27 min each! I was surprised to find out that after combining 2 workouts that i was almost at 1 hour when i thought it would only take 40 min! So i didn't like that, it was very misleading.   The second is that she seems to overly favor the girl who is doing the advanced moves and makes it seem like if you are doing the modified moves then you are not getting as good a workout, etc.   But overall i love this DVD and keep it in my rotation!
0393061310|4.0|Mr. Diamond must be admired for this epic work on humanity. Is it perfect, of course not, but what is perfect. He gives us a different way to view history and how geography has influnced it. I enjoyed the read and have assigned it to my students for reading and reviewing. The majority of them said it was worth the effort and it has given some instances of lively discussion in the classroom. We should tip our hats to a man who at least gives us something to think about.
0061537934|4.0|If you have dogs, this is a great read.  It makes you wonder if they really think like that...  Guys, when you get to the last couple of chapters, make sure you are alone.  You don't want to be a blubbering mess in front of the wife.  Watch out for that Zebra!!!
B000HT3P7E|5.0|The cast is perfect, the comedy is hilarious. The only GOOD thing about never watching this show while it was being broadcast on TV is being able to watch all of the first season at once on DVD. You realized that it's just ONE BIG EPISODE and the jokes are much funnier. You have to watch this show.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|This movie is one of my favorites!  I loved the character development and the journey that each of them went through.  I thought that this movie did a good job of making a movie about gay characters falling in love (and paying respect to that) without pandering to the \\"shock value\\" of two guys kissing.  It respects gay life more than most main-stream productions, something I find harder and harder to find in most media.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|Well,  This album is not even close to sad wings or anything else! I hate to say this is album is a sleeper a waste of money don't buy it I'm so pissed at this crap I could scream, take away the metal god thing no metal here at all the drums sound like a machine, guitar work stinks bad, the concept was a big mistake! I've been a fan from the 70's. What the hell is the Priest doing? I don't think Nostradamus would like this album! To think I waited hoping for a Judas Priest kick butt album only to throw up!  Sorry.
0312954468|5.0|I read The Quest before I read River God.  I thought the story of Taita & Lostris was captivating in Quest & I wanted to know the full story.  Smith is an impecable history writer.  You know that he's researching to the fullest extent before writing his tomes.  I enjoyed the story of River God, but it took me a little longer to get into it than it took me in the Quest.  I thought the development of Lostris was amazing & the other characters as well.  I am ready to order the 7th Scroll!
B000TM1CKQ|5.0|I can't believe I had to wait until a few weeks ago before I started watching this show. It's unbelievably funny and the cast is perfect. One of the best, funniest and original season enders ever...it's legend....wait for it.......
0425220931|5.0|Regardless of age, education level, instrument(s) of choice, current musical proficiency or music style this book is well worth your time. If you do not play but love music it is still well worth your time. It is a fun, quick read that is loaded with ideas that open your mind and expand your perspective. If you are a seasoned musician in a rut this is your way out! If you are in a band that is not having fun and/or not making progress (or even if you are) get the entire band to read it and your next rehearsal will be unlike anything you have experienced! For $10 this one is a no brainer! It is virtually guaranteed to improve your playing!!
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|This album is not going to win a Grammy for album of the year, but I think it is going to be my album of the summer. It is full of really fun songs. Katy Perry's voice is as unique as the songs that she sings.  It's an all around good album to load on the iPod and take with you everywhere.<br /><br />Don't miss... I Kissed a Girl, Waking Up In Vegas, and Ur So Gay, Hot N Cold<br /><br />[[ASIN:B001ANYRCI Hemp Eco Friendly Dog Bone Toy: Key Lime (Small)]][[ASIN:B00196SL2S Eco Slumber Pet Bed (Medium)]][[ASIN:B001A4DWLY Robbie Dawg Organic Dog Biscuits: Peanut Butter & Carrot]][[ASIN:B0019QG5AS Lenny Lizard Organic Plush Dog Toy with Squeaker: Pink]][[ASIN:B0019MPKPS Hurley Dog Chew Toy: Aqua Blue (Small)]][[ASIN:B001AOEC1S Organic Quilted Car Seat Cover: Silver]][[ASIN:B0019LRIE0 Zisc Flying Disc Dog Toy: Aqua Blue]]
B00000099Y|5.0|This is the record that started me on my tool journey- I was hooked. I would certainly recommend Lateralus and 10,000 days for those who are just discovering this amazing band.
B00003CXCD|5.0|I love this movie.  I watched it right before my trip to Rome.  The sights have not changed a bit and it's such a cute story line.  Old black and white movies are so classic and so is Audrey Hepburn and Gregory Peck.  It portrays Rome so well.
B0012X3ZGK|5.0|i got this on vinyl when it came out. i still listen to it today. this is one of those best albums of all time, and it actually had a hit on it, 'all right now'. 'mr big' has a bass solo as the lead guitar. in fact, even though the guitar is great, the bass is really the main lead guitar. paul rodgers is just a fantastic singer. every song is great. 'remember', 'heavy load' and 'fire and water' ; yeah!
B0017ZB8M6|4.0|After lately hearing plenty of songs I like that don't have a CD full of similarly good stuff to back them up, I was pleased to finally find a must-buy when I was impressed by \\"I Kissed a Girl\\" on the radio. Katy's CD is exactly the kind of debut I like, showing off a range of song styles but still fitting firmly within the pop genre. I'll begin by debunking two criticisms I've heard: The CD is supposedly too slickly produced, and some say she tries to be edgy without going far enough. Such cookie-cutter criticisms should be saved for cookie-cutter groups. Claims of overproduction ring false when you can occasionally hear vocal slips that add humanity, and as for edginess I think one of the things that pleases me most about this CD is that Katy is very good at pulling off brash and irreverent flair without being obnoxious. I wish I could say the same of a lot of other acts.    Pop is Katy's strong suit but her songs mostly resist pigeon-holing past that point. Not a single song fits the bubblegum Disney mold, another bogus criticism I've seen aimed her way. \\"I Kissed a Girl\\" is almost bouncy rock, unlike anything else I've heard on the radio. The title track, \\"Waking Up in Vegas\\", and \\"Self-Inflicted\\" are the closest to \\"classic\\" pop that she gets; the latter two are among the best tracks on the CD. \\"Hot n Cold\\" is another mold-breaker though, reminding me very much of an early '80s sound with a more modern twist to some of the vocals. And I would be remiss not to mention \\"Ur So Gay\\", easily the most playful song on the album but one I would hardly classify as pop; hearing only this single would give anyone a very distorted picture of Katy's repertoire because it's little like any of her other songs musically, but among the rest it doesn't feel out of place.    While most of the rest of the CD is likable pop, there are a few slower ballads like \\"I'm Still Breathing\\", \\"Lost\\", and \\"Thinking of You\\". Each of these is different in some way, but \\"Thinking of You\\" has thestrongest melody and complements that with beautiful vocals. Two days after first playing the CD, this song found its way back into my head and I was pleased to remember it so well.    Katy Perry is a breath of fresh air in an industry that seems to like churning out one-hit wonders with boring CDs, one-style-fits-all vocalists who have no ability to mix it up, or in-your-face yet unoriginal attitude. I like her style, range, and voice, and she manages through it all to be boisterous but not annoying. For me this is a winner.
B0007TKH66|5.0|I'm a fan, right from the start with Kirk and company. I was annoyed when ST:TNG came out, because I thought, \\"How could they?\\" But I gave it a fair chance, and loved it! Next DS9, haven't had the chance yet, but will eventually get to it (wasn't thrilled with the whole \\"war\\" premise). When Voyager came into the spotlight, I was skeptical yet again, figuring it couldn't have the real \\"Star Trek feel\\" being stuck in space. I didn't even watch it initially. But it is an excellent show too! Now to Enterprise - I swore to myself I'd give it a fair chance the first time around, and watched it religiously and in much anticipation for each coming week. I enjoyed the show while I was watching it, but found it to be hard to follow - especially with the multiple story arcs throughout the last two seasons. Being the devoted fan, I had to have it when it was released on DVD. I only recently opened and viewed each season, episode after episode and let me tell you, watching it in this manner made a lot of sense! I had come to realize how intricate the plots can be, the characters, multi-demensional, and the effects are truly amazing. The writers took a big, bold chance with continuing arcs, and that was a nice nod to the fans. They were not trying to carefully step on eggshells and write individual stories. They were giving a gift to fans, knowing those who were following each week would be the only ones returning for the next installment. Watching one eppy after the next, I was like, \\"Wow!\\" that's good writing! The characters were as they should be - newbies in the universe, and not knowing quite how to proceed. They were flawed, made bad (and good, really good) decisions. They learned from their mistakes and experiences, and grew accordingly - but never lost sight of the qualities that Roddenberry had envisioned for future of the human race.
B00177Y9ZC|2.0|Watching Hayden Christensen \\"act\\" in Jumper is like repeatedly stabbing yourself in the eye with a #4 pencil.    The film itself was decidedly 2.5 star-ish - nice looking special effects, a story that could have been a lot better than it actually was, and a phoned-in performance by Samuel Jackson that, unfortunately, seems to be the norm for him these days.    Nothing, however, can prepare you for the agony that Mr. Christensen's thespian abilities will cause you - I mean, people say that Keanu Reeves is bad, but Keanu is a regular Kenneth Branagh (or Emma Thompson, if you prefer) compared to the atrocity that is Hayden Christensen. He was awful in the Star Wars movies, and yet ... here he is even worse.    So, thank you, George Lucas - thank you very much for unleashing this beast upon an unsuspecting world. I mean, wasn't Jar Jar Binks enough?
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I've read a lot of the reviews for this CD, and I don't get it.  Some people are reviewing the musical itself, which seems silly.  Obviously, if you don't like Stephen Schwartz or mainstream plays, or whatever, you won't like this CD.  So don't buy it.  I personally loved the musical when I saw it on Broadway.  Sure, it has some silly songs, and sure, it plays to a mainstream, family-oriented audience, but if this musical gets kids and \\"regular\\" (I mean, not artsy types) people introduced to musicals in general, why not?  What is art if it is not shared with the masses?  Nobody said it had to be radically different to be good.  Most of the songs are very catchy, \\"thank goodness,\\" and idina just blows me away everytime I listen to her sing these songs.  I couldn't be happier.
B000E8QVWY|5.0|LOVE ROCKABILLY. LOVE JOHNNY CASH.  THIS MOVIE WAS SO GOOD.I LAUGHTED CRIED AND ROCKED OUT. GOTTA HAVE IT TYPE OF MOVIE.
B000A6CLL0|5.0|I'm a fan, right from the start with Kirk and company. I was annoyed when ST:TNG came out, because I thought, \\"How could they?\\" But I gave it a fair chance, and loved it! Next DS9, haven't had the chance yet, but will eventually get to it (wasn't thrilled with the whole \\"war\\" premise). When Voyager came into the spotlight, I was skeptical yet again, figuring it couldn't have the real \\"Star Trek feel\\" being stuck in space. I didn't even watch it initially. But it is an excellent show too! Now to Enterprise - I swore to myself I'd give it a fair chance the first time around, and watched it religiously and in much anticipation for each coming week. I enjoyed the show while I was watching it, but found it to be hard to follow - especially with the multiple story arcs throughout the last two seasons. Being the devoted fan, I had to have it when it was released on DVD. I only recently opened and viewed each season, episode after episode and let me tell you, watching it in this manner made a lot of sense! I had come to realize how intricate the plots can be, the characters, multi-demensional, and the effects are truly amazing. The writers took a big, bold chance with continuing arcs, and that was a nice nod to the fans. They were not trying to carefully step on eggshells and write individual stories. They were giving a gift to fans, knowing those who were following each week would be the only ones returning for the next installment. Watching one eppy after the next, I was like, \\"Wow!\\" that's good writing! The characters were as they should be - newbies in the universe, and not knowing quite how to proceed. They were flawed, made bad (and good, really good) decisions. They learned from their mistakes and experiences, and grew accordingly - but never lost sight of the qualities that Roddenberry had envisioned for future of the human race.
B000TGJ8CQ|4.0|Cris Johnson (Nicholas Cage) is a Las Vegas magician, stage name Frank Cadillac, with a talent a little more esoteric than sleight-of-hand: he can see 2 minutes into the future. His own future. The exception is Liz (Jessica Biel). When he's around her, he can see much further.    He's been keeping a low profile, but comes to the attention of the FBI anyway. When he prevents a casino robbery, it gives Agent Ferris (Julianne Moore) the leverage to force him to work for them. See, there's this group of terrorists with a nuclear bomb....    I loved the premonition plot, and was impressed by how well the concept was portrayed on-screen, as basically imagining the consequences to each small choice and then choosing the course of action with the best outcome. The best scene depicting that is in the diner when Cris actually meets Liz, the woman he's been seeing in visions.    The action plot I wasn't quite so enthralled with. I didn't quite understand why they needed Cris's talents, and I didn't understand the terrorists' objective, and what the heck the FBI was doing to Cris with the eye clamps is a complete mystery.     The climax, however, using the precognition in an action scene, was very cool, and I enjoyed it as much as the somewhat similar scene in Morgan Hawke's novella \\"Fortune's Star\\" in the anthology [[ASIN:1596321288 Hard Candy]].    I know Nicholas Cage gets on some people's nerves, and this is not the movie to change their minds. I like him. It's Julianne Moore who gets on my nerves. She seems too bland to me to be convincing as a tough FBI agent. Eh. It's personal preferences, either way. If you like both of them, you'll probably love the movie. And Jessica Biel, well, she was just there. Eye candy, I presume. I'm not the target audience there.
B0017HPHBM|5.0|After the first Batman franchise was driven into the ground by a succession of terrible sequels, it seemed unlikely that there would ever be a respectable Batman film again. But then there came a hope from an unexpected source. Christopher Nolan (director of [[ASIN:B00000F3CD Following]] and [[ASIN:B0000640SA Memento]]) wanted to reinvent the character in a more realistic and epic way. He teamed up with screenwriter David S. Goyer ([[ASIN:B0007WFX62 The Blade Trilogy]] and [[ASIN:B0018O4YT0 Dark City]]) and together they wrote an exceptionally smart screenplay. The filmmakers have thoughtfully evaluated the mistakes made in the previous films (mainly poor acting, shallow characterization, campy humor and mindless action) and avoided repeating them.  They've brought a new level of depth to a genre that has recently been overexposed and streamlined. This is an intellectual superhero film. It deals with dark thematic subject matter, which is only appropriate considering that Batman is essentially a guilt-ridden vigilante who symbolically avenges the death of his parents.    The story looks at the origins of Gotham's Dark Knight. As a young boy, Bruce Wayne fell into a dilapidated well where bats attacked him. The incident would haunt him much of his life and helped to shape who he was to become. His parents, the wealthy Thomas and Martha Wayne, are altruistic and philanthropic. His father owns Wayne Enterprises, a large manufacturing company but he spends most of his time volunteering at the hospital. But one night when the Wayne family was leaving the opera, they were approached by a desperate criminal who shoots Bruce's parents. Years after their death, Bruce tries unsuccessfully to get revenge but ultimately learns that it wouldn't solve anything to perpetuate the cycle of killing. He attempts to infiltrate the criminal underworld so that he might better understand what drives people to \\"prey on the fearful\\", but he is caught stealing from his own company. He's thrown into a prison in an unnamed Asian province, where he daily fights the other inmates for \\"practice\\". A man calling himself Ducard visits him unexpectedly. He offers Bruce a \\"path\\" and suggests he joins a secret fraternity, The League of Shadows, which seeks to bring balance and sanity to the world. When he agrees he is subjected to a brutal training regiment that takes him to the breaking point. Mentally and physically exhausted, he is accepted into their ranks providing that he display his devotion to justice by executing a criminal. Bruce refuses to knowingly take a life and a great battle ensues. After barely escaping and saving Ducard from a fiery demise, he heads back to Gotham alone. He is reunited with his former girlfriend, Rachel and his parental butler, Alfred. He secretly assumes the identity of Batman. When Alfred asks, \\"Why bats, Master Wayne?\\" he responds, \\"Bats frighten me. It's time my enemies shared my dread.\\" Soon Batman uncovers corruption within the police force, the legal system and even within Wayne Enterprises. But at the heart of this new crime wave is an insidious conspiracy being carried out by a psychotic psychiatrist and an old acquaintance. Ducard returns and reveals his intentions to destroy Gotham City by releasing a \\"fear-inducing toxin\\" upon the population. And only Bruce, his former apprentice can stop him from succeeding.    The film features an excellent cast featuring Christian Bale as Bruce Wayne / Batman, Michael Caine as Alfred, Liam Neeson as Ducard, Katie Holmes as Rachel Dawes, Gary Oldman as Police Sergeant Jim Gordon, Cillian Murphy as Dr. Crane / The Scarecrow, Tom Wilkinson as Carmine Falcone, Rutger Hauer as Earle, Ken Watanabe as Ra's al Ghul, Linus Roache as Thomas Wayne, and Morgan Freeman as Lucius Fox.  Arguably the best \\"comic book movie\\" ever made, Batman Begins resurrects the Dark Knight with style and sophistication. Rarely do these kinds of films touch upon philosophical beliefs, psychological disorders orsocial corruption and yet this film does so with ease. Batman Begins breathes new life into the legend and is the first chapter in a thrilling new Batman saga, which will be continued in 2008's The Dark Knight.    Also recommended:  [[ASIN:1845761626 Batman Begins]] by Dennis O'Neil  [[ASIN:0470270306 Batman and Philosophy: The Dark Knight of the Soul]]  [[ASIN:1435200853 Batman: Year One]]  [[ASIN:1563894696 Batman: The Long Halloween]]  [[ASIN:7447032417 Batman (Shadow of the Bat, No. 52)]]  [[ASIN:B0009IW88A Batman Begins: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack]]
B000E5N6LG|5.0|Although this production goes somewhat flat after the sequence showing Wyatt as a buffalo hunter, the fault lies with the Director for trying too hard to show Earp as suddenly devoid of emotional response and empathy. In this, the movie tries a little too hard to \\"explain\\" him. The production is, however, pretty historically accurate and the revisionists don't take over the film completely.   However,the person responsible for deciding to \\"slick down\\" Costner's hair, (even when no portraits of Earp show him wearing his hair like that, and Costner's hair is too thin to look right greased down anyway)should be shot - it bugged me for the rest of the movie. The action is realistic, with out being gratuitous, and Dennis Quaid is SUPERB as Doc Holliday, the acting is generally fine, with excellent film work.  Earp was a freind of my Grandfather, who never represented him as anything but a common man, reacting to uncommon circumstances, with the honor, honesty and determination required by the times; this production remains true to the man.  Well worth the time!
B000YENUI6|5.0|London over the recent years has become sort of a Casablanca of the world of  high finance, home to anyone and everyone with a billion or two.  Once you're dealing with that kind of wealth, very few people ask serious questions about where the money comes from.  To say that there are some seriously wealthy Russians with murky pasts currently residing along the Thames is like saying there are a few computer geeks in Silicon Valley.    And so it is that David Cronenberg and Viggo Mortensen reunite after 2005's \\"A History of Violence\\" for another sterling film focusing on the darker side of human nature.  The movie opens with an assassination (throat slit in a barber's chair) and a death of an innocent girl (giving birth to a her daughter).  The girl is a Russian, Tatiana, and the London midwife, Anna (Naomi Watts), who helped deliver her daughter takes it upon herself to find the orphan's family.      Her only clue is Tatiana's diary, and it leads her to a Russian restaurant, owned by the suave, unsettling Semyon (Armin Mueller-Stall).  Semyon shows a disturbing interest in the diary and offers to help Anna translate it.  And so Anna finds herself slowly brought into Semyon's criminal world, for the restaurant is a mere front for Semyon's other, more lucrative businesses.    Semyon has his own issues.  His son, Kirill (Vincent Cassell) is a drunken wastrel, and does not compare favorably to the hired help, Nikolai (Mortensen).  Nikolai is allegedly the chauffeur for Kirill, but he's clearly the guy who gets things done and cleans up after Kirill's mistakes, as Nikolai proves when he calmly disposes of the evidence of a murder.      This is a movie of atmosphere and tension, where tattoos can say more than the longest speeches.  Mortensen practically disappears into Nikolai, but that shouldn't be a surprise for anyone who has watched him act before.  Nikolai has some charm and some compassion, but it is wrapped up in so many layers of ruthlessness and fatalism that itonly occasionally gets a chance to rear its ugly head.  Mortensen is so perfect for this part that it's hard to appreciate how perfectly he was cast in \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" and \\"Hidalgo.\\"      Cronenberg deftly weaves a complex web of deceit, betrayal, and devotion - this is not a movie you should watch with one of those friends who prefers to yak yak yak and expect you to \\"tell me what's happening.\\"  The entire plot can turn on a quick aside or terse conversation, but the movie rewards the diligent viewer.      This is also an extremely violent movie, culminating in one of the best fight scenes in any movie when Nikolai fights off two Chechen mobsters out for revenge, armed and clad with nothing other than his tattoos.      Mortensen deserves an Academy Award, and it's possible that if he wins one in the next couple of years, the award will be payback for passing him over for this performance.  Wow.
0681947411|5.0|Great book, offers a lot of history and humor, both in ginormous doses.  This particular copy was used, which is usually not a big deal at all, but it smelled like a wet ashtray :o(  After sitting in a bag with a Bounce sheet for a couple of weeks, it was bearable.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|In a recent interview Chris said you'll either love this new CD or hate it...I disagree.  I am indifferent.  It's a NEW sound from Coldplay's previous albums and I find this one to be refreshingly new, but also a bit on the slow side.  It's one of those CD's to pop in when you're in the mood for something relaxing to listen to.
B00009NHC5|4.0|The thrills of \\"Wait Until Dark\\" have diminished somewhat through the years. The thriller, released in late 1967, is still impressive for Audrey Hepburn's Oscar nominated performance as Suzy Hendricks, a blind woman terrorized in her apartment by a trio of thugs searching for a child's doll stuffed with heroin, as well as for Alan Arkin's snake-like Mr. Roat, the leader of the termites. But the nightmare she experiences could have been avoided if she had simply locked the door and called the police. When watching it recently, I kept asking myself, \\"Why doesn't she lock the door and call the police?\\"<br /><br />Did Frederick Knott, the author of the play on which the film was based, ask that question when writing it?<br /><br />Did Fred Coe, who staged the original Broadway production, ask that question before or during the show's run?<br /><br />Did Mel Ferrer, who optioned the film rights when the play was still in galley form, question the character's lack of common sense in this matter while showing such courage and intelligence otherwise?<br /><br />Did Audrey Hepburn, then married to Ferrer, wonder why her character never simply bolted the door to prevent the intrusion?<br /><br />When viewing the film at a private screening, did Jack L. Warner ever question the implausible scenario?<br /><br />Somehow or other, it still works, though less effectively than it did when I was an 11-year-old watching the creepy goings on while munching popcorn, licking my buttered fingers, and sipping a then reasonably priced Coca-Cola.<br /><br />Despite the claustrophobic setting, the film avoids appearing like a filmed play. Much of the credit for that probably belongs to Terence Young, whose greatest claim to fame was, and remains, as director of three of the first four James Bond movies (\\"Dr. No,\\" \\"From Russia With Love,\\" and \\"Thunderball\\"). Accustomed to, and proficient at, action and adventure, he keeps the film moving.<br /><br />Brian W. Fairbanks
B0001IN07Q|5.0|Wonderful CD ... Michael Buble's melodic voice and orchestral musicians have created a CD that I have already listened to over and over again. The DVD is a nice bonus which presents the artist in new and different lights.  If you haven't purhcased this yet or are still considering it - GET IT - you will not be disappointed.
B000JLTRKE|4.0|With the release of Oliver Stone's much anticipated \\"World Trade Center,\\" the controversial director received just as much criticism as praise for his study of two of the heroes of 9/11. Those who share Stone's ardent leftist beliefs thought he should have made a film questioning the government's role in the events of that day. I'll be first in line when that movie gets made (don't count on it), but \\"World Trade Center\\" is excellent for what it is: a tale of heroism and determination in the face of overwhelming odds.<br /><br />Nicolas Cage is superb as John McLaughlin, the port authority police sergeant who is buried, along with colleague Will Jimeno (Michael Pena), in the rubble of the Twin Towers while his family patiently awaits news of his condition.<br /><br />\\"World Trade Center\\" is a compelling survival story, vastly superior to \\"United 93,\\" the other 9/11 film from 2006 which received praise all out of balance with its actual merits.<br /><br />Brian W. Fairbanks
0743290119|2.0|I kept reading in hopes of a big drama filled moment, but it never happened.  The book is a flub. I found myself saying \\"thats it?\\" when I finally finished it.  She missed on this one.  I've read the devil wears prada and everyone worth knowing and both were page turners in my opinion.  Better luck next time, Lauren.
B000E8QVWY|5.0|Joaquin Phoenix probably would have won the Oscar for his portrayal of Johnny Cash in \\"Walk the Line\\" if only Jamie Foxx hadn't won the prize a year earlier for playing Ray Charles. The Oscars didn't want to look like the Grammys, so they gave the golden guy to Philip Seymour Hoffman for a less complex performance as Truman Capote.<br /><br />Phoenix is better, though (and does his own singing), and director James Mangold, in a commentary, praises the actor unabashedly. One of the most memorable scenes has Cash watching from the wings as Elvis Presley (played by Tyler Hilton) wows a crowd of screaming teenagers. Without uttering a single word, Phoenix conveys a range of emotions. At first, he's admiring. Then he appears momentarily jealous of qualities Elvis has that are lacking in his own performance. Finally, he shakes off any feelings of envy he may have and is once more admiring, much too impressed with his colleague to let petty feelings intrude.<br /><br />Biopics tend to follow a too predictable path, an unavoidable template when dealing with the kind of lives considered worthy of cinematic treatment. There's the early life and its troubles often depicted as providing the impetus for the subject's later success. There's the scene in which the hero discovers his talent or calling and struggles to effectively develop or present it to whomever (in this case, Sun Records' producer Sam Phillips) holds the power to bring it to the world. Then you've got the predictable rise and, sometimes, the fall. \\"Walk the Line\\" doesn't stray from the formula yet makes the cliches of the genre seem fresh because they allow Johnny Cash to appear not merely as a legend, an almost Mount Rushmore figure in popular music, but as a man full of doubts about his talent and his soul, and Phoenix captures him superbly.<br /><br />Cash never really had a downfall comparable to Elvis Presley's, but he struggled with addiction, only overcoming his demons through the love of June Carter. He had career setbacks, but the film ends before Cash was dumped from the Columbia label and also stops short of detailing his eventual return to glory through the series of brooding recordings he made for producer Rick Rubin's American Recordings. It's a fine, superbly realized film, a testament to both the legend of its subject, and to the talents of its stars.<br /><br />Brian W. Fairbanksut the film ends before Cash was dumped from the Columbia label and also stops short of detailing his eventual return to glory through the series of brooding recordings he made for producer Rick Rubin's American Recordings. It's a fine, superbly realized film, a testament to both the legend of its subject, and to the talents of its stars.    Brian W. Fairbanks
B0002DRDBE|5.0|This is the definitive version of Clerks. if you are anything like me, when you first told other people about Clerks they probably said \\"Clerks, never heard of it.\\" And when you said that Kevin Smith was the last saving bastion of the crumbling film world, they said \\"Kevin Who??\\"<br />Well now that all of those saps have finally caught up to the rest of us who are leading the pack. You can now get this and stay one step ahead again. The theatrical release, The first Clerks cut and a superb doco. All are priceless.<br />Even though there are some young sad Emo's out there saying \\"Clerks II, there was never a Clerks I\\"<br /><br />Like a great man once said \\"I pity da fool\\"<br /><br />10/10 for this 3-Disc, 10th Anniversary set and all of it's glorious extras.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|A conceptual album that came twenty years too late, at least. Sounds like Lacuna Coil with Halford on the vocals. Tame, lame, blah. Forget that it existed.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I am a mom of 2, so the 30 min workout was very appealing to me.  If you work out often, dont' start with the first level .. start with 2.  1 was hard as far as cardio goes, but the weight lifting wasn't challenging to me.  Jillian is more my type of coach because she doesn't act all bubbly and fake - enjoy your workout .. I definitely recommend it.  I didn't give it 5 stars because I like it a lot, don't LOVE it.
B00062IDCO|5.0|This was exactly what my daughter tried to purchase at the store at the mall for some outrageous price.  I told her let's try Amazon and she saved a bundle as a result.  I think it was less than half of the price at the mall.
B000Y35A94|5.0|I have been a die hard fan since 8th grade in 1978. Love and appreciate all (well most) songs and albums.    I regretfully was not able to make this show in person. Damn!    I was riveted to this DVD...I was especially taken with the xtras...wow how cool is it to get a glimpse of your heroes up close like this...The rehersel and planning scenes were just....super entertaining. The funniest one was them backstage after the VH1 Awards stressing hard about how Turn it on Again sounded....great stuff.    Also I found it very interesting to get a feel for how Chester and Daryl fit around the main three...and just the dynamics of all of them working together figuring out the songs again and how to do the tour... I thought was fascinating...really.    If you are a fan of Genesis I can't see how you could miss this...it's fantastic. They are all great musicians and better guys and I wish I could hang out with them!    I really hope they come out again...lots of songs to play...Squonk, Man on the Corner, It's Gonna Get Better, The Lamb Lies Down on Brdway, UnderTow, Can Utility and Coastliner, Dancing with a Moonlit Knight, Suppers Ready, Heathaze...etc.                      Viva La Genesis.
B0016OOM7Q|5.0|I just received my Hard Candy Delux Edition on 3 VINYL today 06/23/08, It`s Amazing! I already bought Candy Box Limited Edition and the regular CD, but this edition on vinyl it`s the best! 3 vinyl`s and 1 cd. 2 vinyl`s colored like candy! If you are a fan like me, don`t waist your time now! BUY IT! I already have Confessions on a dance floor pink limited vinyl and Confessions Remix 3 vinyls limited! great deal...
1580088694|5.0|This is a great book to pick up any time you have a minute and just read little pieces that are fascinating... or you can read it cover to cover. the photos are beautiful and it really gives you an incite into how other cultures around the world are living right now. It's inspiring and made me want to inprove my own diet.
B000OONTFU|4.0|I was a little disappointed when I saw that you could only order an HD version of the Matrix in a trilogy set. After watching the second two movies again, I'm not so upset.  When we walked into the theaters for the second and third movies, we thought we were going to get something absolutely unfathomable, something that would change the way we look at action movies forever, something as good as the first Matrix movie.  For us to think that was... well, it was stupid.    Going back and watching them again makes you realize that your expectations for a movie really color your view of it.  If you expected to see the first Matrix again, you should have watched the first Matrix.  Anything else; including the sequels; would be drivel.  I'm glad they made me buy the sequels again, because it allowed me to watch the movies again with a fresh perspective.  As it turns out, expecting a movie to be crap allows you to enjoy it, even when it is crap, like Speed Racer.      They really are good movies, but it would have taken an act of god to make them as good as the first.    The extra features in this set are wonderful.  They had a giant \\"F\\"-ing special effects budget, and they made some of the most striking images ever to come out of a computer.  It's fascinating to see how they did it.    Now all we need is the Lord of the Rings Trilogy out on HD-DVD or Blu-Ray, with their special features, and all with the universe will be well.
B000YJ54DU|2.0|I'd read every novel in Lee Child's Jack Reacher series and rated each of them 5 stars (silently; not publicly, I'm ashamed to say). All 11 were \\"can't-put-it-down-but-don't want-it-to-end\\" masterpieces, in my opinion.<br /><br />So I literally counted the days till Nothing To Lose was released.<br /><br />What a disappointment. It was a struggle to get through the book-for a few reasons . . .<br /><br />- For the first time, I felt as though Lee Child was \\"showing off\\" HIS incredible scope of knowledge through Reacher. There was tedious and (in my judgement) unnecessary exposition involving SO MANY of Reacher's calculations as to distance, time, area, how things work, etc.<br /><br />- The story was more far-fetched than in any of the previous Reacher books. I just couldn't \\"suspend disbelief\\" enough to \\"buy\\" the endless twists and turns.<br /><br />- The villain was just too cartyoonishly drawn for me to cheer for his demise.<br /><br />- There were just too many preposterous elements in the \\"evil plot\\" (Example: Why did the entire population of Despair, CO behave as it did?).<br /><br />Lee Child's entitled to one of these, I guess, after 11 winners. .920 is a remarkable batting average!<br /><br />I'll wait for Reacher 13 . . . but with a bit less passion.
B00005JPNY|3.0|Yes, it's important to see the world through the eyes of someone outside their spiritual presuppositions (or lack of). Everyone has the presuppositions including atheists.     The Golden Compass definitely helps to expand one's theatrical horizons, but it's a common fallacy to think folks who believe in the Judeo-Christian God need to \\"expand [their] horizons.\\" Nobody is born a Christian, and reverse occurs when one becomes a Christian - their horizons expand. Folks who are not Christians tend to misunderstand this. Philip Pullman has his own presuppositions about the world; his \\"horizons\\" are no wider than anyone elses.
0385340567|2.0|I have read a number of Lee Childs books---Maybe he didn't write \\"Nothing To Lose\\"---whatever he needs to return the money he received for this effort.  I can't help but think he knew in his heart this was a poor effort.. He sold out his hard earned reputation on this.    Maybe --just maybe my expectations were too high.....but issderrigardless I will THink long and hard befor I purchase another of his reads.......
0312323867|5.0|There are few cases in life where the sequel is better than the original. This is one of those rare cases.    I first read \\"Something Borrowed,\\" and I liked it well enough. But over all I considered it fluffy and not tremendously inspired. I didn't find it pulling at my heart-strings and I certainly didn't find myself vested in the characters. Nonetheless, I bought \\"Something Blue,\\" craving the same quick-fix of fluffy chic-lit. I expected nothing better than the original but was happily surprised!    This time around we really get to know Darcey. We understand more of her background and what makes her tick. And in the midst of it all we come to root for her and genuinely hope life turns out well for her and her baby. I'll even confess to having shed a tear or two while reading this book.    All I can say is: read this book!!! It makes for an enjoyable light read that leaves you feeling surprisingly satisfied when all is said and done.
B000UPSKO8|5.0|[[ASIN:B000UPSKO8 The Opera Gala: Live from Baden-Baden]]  I had read good reviews of this concert and was familiar with all of the singers except Elina Garanca, but i was still surprised by the quality of this program. Anna Netrebco is, as usual, very good until her encore when she kicks off her shoes and brings the house down.   Few concerts are worth more than a viewing or two - this is an exception. It's well worth buying  geok
0452289963|5.0|I hate to gush with common superlatives but this is just a terrific book. The author weaves in many wonderful bits from the Zen masters and Christian wisdom and shows again that so many of our problems come from not being aware of the present moment. It is quite clear that we encounter our truest sense of self only in the now. Now none of this is to say that we need to live in the moment like animals. Tolle is saying something much deeper---that our identity is related to the divine and that can only be encountered in the now.<br /><br />I don't think that I have ever quite encountered such a complete description of Zen no mind as is found in this book. The author is also worth listening to on CD as he has a wonderfully dry sense of humor
0811729117|5.0|\\"Tigers in the Mud\\" I found to be very captivating and I couldn't put it down.  I wish someone would make this into a authentic movie, the perils and trials Otto Carius went through was very interesting.
B000A6T1KE|3.0|I had stayed clear of this film mainly on recommendations of others, but when the Special Collectors Edition Series came along, I could hardly resist it. As Sci Fi Films go its not bad, but as a Star Trek film goes, I'll take a Captain Kirk film any day. I thought the basic story line was quite good, in the sci fi sense, but a total goose in the Star Trek Sense. Its not hard to  see why things went to horribly bad in the film, the director, as well as the principal writer were all non-trek oriented ( the main writer did admit to being a \\"Trekkie\\" however, when his idea   of advancing a plot was the glasses in Star Trek 2 that Bones gave to Kirk, then somethings wrong), also you can see how much of a heavy hand the Studio had in the edits with the deleted scenes... some of the most \\"Star Trek\\" styled moments just got the chop. Nemesis is a Good Sci-Fi film, but a superb example of how a franchise film is wrecked in the \\"do a film by Committee\\" style of film making that has so successfully killed many films.    THE DVD: Great Extras. Lots of informative material in the commentaries, and in the disc 2 extras. Great to see Ron Perlman out of Makeup and without his digitally enhanced voice as Vice-Roy ( which he plays in NEMESIS).Very Good Collection of Interviews and lookbacks.
0452289963|5.0|Tolle provides an outstanding resource full of information on the ego consciousness and its soul counterpart including ways to recognize both states and work with them to achieve a new life's purpose.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|The mighty Judas Priest is back!, or are they? Rather than return with another no-nonsense standard a la `Angel of Retribution' or any one of their other classic releases, they decide to give us a rock opera, or is it a `heavy metal opera'?, complete with `atmospheric' keyboards, an orchestra and choir(!). The guitars are much too weak and way too much in the background, although their tone does in some places sound vaguely reminiscent of Priest's late 70's work. Nevertheless I personally was not prepared for this and find it rather hard to digest. Even repeated listens did not help it sink in. I always considered Judas Priest's style of heavy metal to be FUN to listen to, and `Nostradamus' is definitely NOT fun, in fact it often makes you wince!. What in hell were they thinking? What are they trying to prove? I'm guessing that they wanted to ignite a real controversy amongst their fans (in which case they've probably succeeded based on some the reviews I have read). I figured they learned their lesson with `Turbo' & `Ram It Down' in the 80's, but if this is the direction that they wanna go, it's a damn shame. Actually I think that even the poppish 'Turbo', as weird as it was in it's day, still sounds better than this one. To be fair, it does have it's moments albeit brief, so it's not 100% unlistenable, and I know there will be those who will dig this. One thing I must say is that Rob Halford's vocals are still as powerful as they ever were, but unfortunately have been wasted on this recording. Halford's vocals demand the justice of a traditional heavy JP recording and let's hope they'll be around to make more. I foresee that there will probably be longtime JP fans who will be turned off, as well as non-JP fans who will jump on the JP bandwagon. Although I encourage all to hear it out and make up their own minds, I for one will pass on this release, and this comes from a long-time die-hard music fan who has ALL of their releases, including vinyl, original CD and remastered, bootlegs etc. Three years is a long time to wait for this disappointment, especially since 'Nostradamus' is not a subject I care much about - I just want good music!. IMHO this one's not worth spending my money on.
0553277472|1.0|I bought this book because it was required by my English lit teacher!!  Required reading!!  Anyways, I didn't enjoy this book at all.  Not my type, definitely.<br />But if you are interested in reading this book, just remember, this is one book that you can judge by its cover.  It's about exactly what the title indicates.  Kind of a novel/bio about a man who gets into motorcycles and becomes philosophical about them.  A little bit creepy, not too interesting and even some steamy scenes.<br />Weird...<br />and not worth my time.
034547581X|5.0|It is a true story of real courage and camaraderie. Mel Gibson made an excellent film out of this book. The two are equally good. I mentioned this book in my listmania \\"Vietnam War\\" on amazon.fr.
1416909532|5.0|This book stopped me from picking up the phone several times, and I'm grateful for that.  A must-have for any woman on the dating scene.
B000000WF0|5.0|Bittersweet Symphony is the best song ever. I'm using the intro for my wedding march.
0596527055|2.0|This book is not all that. Its just a bunch of meandering ramblings from a guy whose main qualification seems to be that he worked on Internet Explorer at Microsoft. It creates just as many rah rah myths as it challenges. It is poorly written, the author is wholly devoid of any gravitas, and thus does not offer many coherent or believable insights. I suppose the bibliography is useful, for finding a real book, which this one is not.
B000089RV6|5.0|My kids heard the song \\"back in black\\" when they watched the movie \\"Iron Man\\" and they asked me whose song it was. This was my chance to introduce them to classic rock so I bought them this CD. They love it.  Now they want to borrow the rest of my CD's.
0316143472|4.0|The critics have been unfairly harsh on this collection.  The point is that David Sedaris is so funny that expectations are considerably high.  Maybe this isn't as good as previous collections, but that doesn't mean it isn't good.  Critics complain that there aren't enough stories about his family and there are too many stories about Hugh.  To be fair, how much left of his childhood can there be left?  He has to write about his life now, which includes Hugh and life abroad.  Also, the recent controversy about the truthfulness of his essays is too foolish to even address - this is humor, NOT journalism.<br /><br />Now, as always, I bought the audiobook of this collection.  I love Sedaris's delivery and, to me, it is the difference between seeing a stand-up comic and reading a transcript of the routine.  Sedaris has a great delivery and some of the essays are read live.  I highly recommend the audio version.
B000TGQDZQ|4.0|What Epica has done with this album is nothing less than a symphonic metal cantata or oratorio, with angels, demons, power chords and celestial choirs - a goth metal Paradise Lost.      Does it work?  Almost. Like a lot of progressive rock of the past, its reach exceeds its grasp.  Some it is fantastic, other parts seem a bit sophomoric. It does't quite hold together, but it's sure got some great moments.      If you like Nightwish, you'll love Epica, but I find that Nightwish integrates orchestral sounds with the metal a bit more effectively than Epica.  It helps that, at least on their 2 most recent discs, Nightwish is using a real orchestra, whereas a lot of the orchestral parts on Epica's \\"Divine Conspiracy\\" sound synthesized.     What really makes Epica appealing is the stunning voice of lead singer Simone Simons.  When the music gives her room to shine, the results are amazing - like on the 4th track, \\"Chasing the Dragon.\\"  It's just beautiful.    If you read the other reviews, you'll find that some are not fans of the growling/grunting of Mark Janssen, which is also a big part of the sound of this disc.  I think it actually works pretty well and certainly fits the lyrics and the overall themes of the music.  To my ears, this is not an especially \\"heavy\\" record, with the biggest impression being made by Simone's soaring lead vocals.      As you can probably tell, I like Nightwish a little better overall but Epica gets big points for Simone.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|You would have to be a pretty hard heart-hearted person and stubborn to boot, if you couldn't watch Michael Moore's documentary `Sicko' and not be a concerned, troubled or a little worried.<br /><br />It's interesting to say the least, that of the few documentaries that Moore has done, this one has taken the least amount of flack, but also getting the smallest amount of press. I guess the message is in the movie, and you should come away with it if any of your humanity is still intact when it's all said and done. I'm sure the health-care industry can't wait for this film to just `go away' and drift quietly into the background and dusty used DVD bins.<br /><br />What can be said though of all the folks being dumped in downtown Los Angeles? Some might say: \\"Well, Moore didn't show that it probably happens in other countries and it's not the hospitals problem to house them.\\"<br /><br />Living in Los Angeles, I can tell you, that the `patient-dumping' issue has been widely reported over the media for the last few years and has been looked at as incredibly embarrassing and absolutely the wrong solution for indigent patients. So if other Americans know that it's wrong, then it doesn't really matter who else is doing it as it should be obvious that `patient-dumping' probably happens in a lot of places, not just the United States. But maybe it doesn't? Maybe as well as a better health-care alternative, they also take care of their homeless as well? I can safely say that Social Workers `do' take care of the indigent patients before they leave the hospital and make sure they're not going to \\"heal up\\" on the streets with freshly bandaged wounds.<br /><br />But as a Veteran, I guess the worst part was the fact that 9-11 Rescue Workers have been so sorely neglected and allowed to fall through the cracks as Moore clearly evinced, and which was something that was without protestation. Doesn't that bother every other person who watched this film? I'm absolutely sure that it did. The fact that they went and received more exhaustive and complete care from a country that is 1) off-limits 2) lower on the list of `countries with the best health-care' than the US and 3) a country with very little to no resources, is a condemning statement on a completely intolerable situation.<br /><br />But, we will tolerate won't we? No one will rise up and protest and say that it's wrong, will they? Everybody's too busy with their low-riders, vacationing on a yacht, getting to work for their midnight shift, too wrapped up in their own lives to worry about `all these other people' who need health-care and a better system of long-term care.<br /><br />I read a few of the negative reviews on this film as well, out of curiosity, just to see what people were saying. The bulk of these people could seemingly benefit from some remedial education as they obviously have problems articulating complete sentences, shaping basic grammar and punctuation and a lack of an ability to crystallize their own ideas. It's a shame that we live in a country where people who aren't even mediocre at best, can seemingly try to shout down, detract, spew garbage and complete bombast while not even having a grasp of the concepts that they're trying to flag-wave about, let alone tear down.<br /><br />Maybe some intelligence first, might be a sound idea, before trying to blast others with a wet rag.ived more exhaustive and complete care from a country that is 1) off-limits 2) lower on the list of `countries with the best health-care' than the US and 3) a country with very little to no resources, is a condemning statement on a completely intolerable situation.    But, we will tolerate won't we? No one will rise up and protest and say that it's wrong, will they? Everybody's too busy with their low-riders, vacationing on a yacht, getting to work for their midnight shift, too wrapped up in their own lives to worry about `all these other people' who need health-care and a better system of long-term care.    I read a few of the negative reviews on this film as well, out of curiosity, just to see what people were saying. The bulk of these people could seemingly benefit from some remedial education as they obviously have problems articulating complete sentences, shaping basic grammar and punctuation and a lack of an ability to crystallize their own ideas. It's a shame that we live in a country where people who aren't even mediocre at best, can seemingly try to shout down, detract, spew garbage and complete bombast while not even having a grasp of the concepts that they're trying to flag-wave about, let alone tear down.    Maybe some intelligence first, might be a sound idea, before trying to blast others with a wet rag.
0375703861|2.0|Some members of our book club found the novel amusing and interesting, but the majority felt the work was a slog which would benefit from drastic editing.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This series is an excellent presentation of the complex lives of our founding fathers with the focus, of course, on John & Abigail.  The extra feature of \\"facts are stubborn things\\" that presents additional historical detail while watching is an excellent feature, and it answers many questions that may arise as you view.<br /><br />Giamatti does not look at all like the portraits of Adams, and this is disconcerting in the begginning, but he is such a fine character actor - and this role a character actor's dream, that he is completely believable.  I usually find Linney too bland for my taste, but her reserve here is excellent, and this may be her finest acting work on film - where she has this role of such depth - social restraint with great intelligence.<br /><br />This is a real high point for HBO that shows that they can match the qualtiy of BBC miniseries in historical accuracy, fine scripting, glorious costumes, and the casting of many British stars.  But really, when it comes to period dramas, Hollywood has always preferred to cast Brits over the thousands of capable american stage actors that they don't have time to audtion.  Meow.<br /><br />I love that this is one HBO film that makes the marital bed seem much more inviting than an affair.  This is excellent.  I'm buying the set for my father.
B000026FJ6|4.0|Mike Oldfield's range sometimes stumps listeners. His [[ASIN:B000000WG4 Tubular Bells]] series remains one of the most idiosyncratic in all of popular music, yet he's done rock ([[ASIN:B000000I0G Five Miles Out]]), Celtic ([[ASIN:B000002NCW Voyager]]) and this piece of Science Fiction New Age. Of all of Oldfield's work, \\"Songs of Distant Earth\\" is one of my favorites.<br /><br />He ustilzed the concept of Arthur C Clarke's famous work, but eschews narrative/voiceovers and lets the music form the story. Random words and an Apollo broadcast form what \\"lyrics\\" the music has, as the album builds in a meditative way. Oldfield even coyly cops from his own work on \\"Tubular World,\\" as well as from Enigma on \\"Hibernaculum.\\" When the album reaches its climax on \\"Ascension/New Beginning,\\" it matches the goal of Clarke's work, which was to reach unity in song and discovery. As ambient electronic music, it also soothes, relaxes and offers joy.<br /><br />One of the best of the ambient genre, \\"Songs Of Distant Earth\\" accomplishes what few concept albums do. It stands on its own as a great piece of music.
B000WTZ784|4.0|With the departure of Phil Collins, although he is back touring with the band now, Genesis needed to hire a new vocalist and a new drummer. They chose wisely in Ray Wilson and Nir Zidkyahu because the sound is extremely what you might expect of Genesis had they continued into the 80's without going all ridiculously pop on us. What is great on this album is that there are no tracks even remotely similar to Invisible Touch, Jesus He Knows Me, or That's All, perhaps the most commercial and the most flavorless musical pieces the band has ever written. The tracks here are rather unique for a Genesis release, although if you like it, I encourage you to go listen to Tony Bank's Strictly Inc, released two years earlier in 1995. There are A LOT of similarities between these two albums which leaves me to think that Bank's did more of the writing on this one than Mike Rutherford. Regardless, both are solid works in the history of the band and members thereof. Also, check out the last CD from the Genesis 1983-1998 box set; the last 3 tracks - Anything Now, Sign Your Life Away, Run Out of Time - are extras that were not released on Calling All Stations. These are as good, if not better, than some of the tracks on the actual album! It is so unfortunate that Wilson was not retained, but the age gap between him and the other two probably had a lot to do with it. Understandable. At least they had the heart to put out one more album that was surprisingly good and refreshing. I hope you like it, and with copies around selling for 93 cents, I am sure you will find it to be worth well beyond what you paid.
006135323X|5.0|Ariely writes of, among other things, arbitrary coherence.  The mind has a thought based on expectation, excitement or bias. Every thought thereafter complies with this original thought for the purpose of creating coherence. The problem is that the validity of the ensuing thoughts are never tested.<br />The thoughts in this book, on the other hand, build a deliberate case based on explored hypotheses.  The social scientist that Ariely is compels him to invent and test many social experiments which highlight our tendancies to fool ourselves.<br />Predictably Irrational is both extraordinarily researched and entertaining to read.
B0018RKELY|5.0|I just bought the LP but haven't opened it...I don't want it to get ruined. is the bonus CD in it? Like placed inside the records slip? and what is on it? My guess is the song that they got rid of, \\"Highway 1\\", that was on the free EP.
B00011F5DK|5.0|My daugher requested this for her 7th birthday. She started playing this game with her grandparents. Very education and fun for the whole family.
B000QQFKYE|5.0|The thing I don't understand about most people is that they say the films of David Lynch are impossible to understand.  If you watch and pay attention, not everything is going to necessarily make perfect sense, but you're going to get the jist of what he's trying to do.<br /><br />In this brilliant new film (certainly as good as, if not better, than \\"Mulholland Drive\\" in many ways), Laura Dern gives on the most terrifying performances I have ever seen as promising, beautiful actress Nikki Grace/ a low income, degraded, hideous woman who has nowhere to go.<br />If you want an idea of the kind of non-linear, angst-ridden surreality you're in for, here's an example:<br /><br />about a half an hour of the film is devoted to Susan, not Nikki's, plight with a group of prostitutes, some looking like Hollywood stars and others<br />like crack addicts.  She is stabbed by her Polish husband in the cursed film.  Bleeding to death on the Hollywood strip all over the \\"stars\\", a homeless black woman says: \\"You're dyin', lady\\".  Then a Japanese girl speaks in her native language--while Dern's schizoid character is dying--about a bus going to somewhere else in Hollywood.  This takes about five minutes.  Then the black woman holds up a lighter and says to Dern: \\"Sometimes we die, is all.  Here.  You see this light?  You won't see no blue when you wake up.\\"  Then Jeremy Irons bursts in with his megaphone screaming \\"Bravo!  Smashing cut!\\"<br /><br />Either Nikki was never Nikki or she was Nikki and became Susan once she prostituted herself for Devon.  Or Susan fantasized about being Nikki.  In any case, this is schizoid identity crisis in the extreme, but more than that a very nicely placed punch on the nose of Hollywood itself: as in \\"MH\\", he portrays most actors and actresses as elitist snobs who are amazingly empty and superficial apart from their roles, wrought with hanger ons and arrogant directors.  I don't know if this is Lynch's conspiratorial, paranoid fantasy about Hollywood or how it actually is.  This movie is brilliant, exciting, terrifying, and simply enjoyable all the way around.  Art.  Lynch continues to transcend himself.<br /><br />Watch out for the Polish lady!vie is brilliant, exciting, terrifying, and simply enjoyable all the way around.  Art.  Lynch continues to transcend himself.     Watch out for the Polish lady!
1400079179|5.0|I've read a few of the reviews and I cannot understand where they are coming from. First of all the book is a fictional one, no one said it was true, secondly even if it were true ,so what? It's not like someones committed murder ,Jesus happens to marry and settle down, what could be more natural and lastly just enjoy the book for what it is ,a wonderful read!
B0013D8LOU|4.0|Johnny Depp adds to his offbeat body of work by bringing Stephen Sondheim's SWEENEY TODD: THE DEMON BARBER OF FLEET STREET to the screen. Of particular note is Depp's film debut as a singer. Richard Harris he isn't, but he'll do.<br /><br />This is the based-on-fact story of Sweeney Todd, a London barber falsely convicted of a crime in the Victorian London of Jack The Ripper. Himself Transported, his wife and child are left to the tender mercies of the heartless Judge Turpin (Alan Rickman). When Todd returns to London fifteen years later, he vows vengeance on Turpin.<br /><br />Enter the bizarre Mrs. Lovett (Helena Bonham Carter), who owns what must be the worst dining establishment in the world, specializing in cats'-meat pies, mealy worm buns, and other gastronomical grotesqueries. They make a lovely couple, both being gothic pale, wild-haired, sunken-eyed, and rotten-mouthed to boot. Depp sports a white thunderbolt streak in his hair, a la Elsa Lanchester in THE BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN, and is armed with wickedly sharp straight razors.<br /><br />Deciding that the world is as rotten as his teeth, Sweeney Todd begins joylessly slashing carotid arteries and venting jugular veins. His barber chair is cleverly arranged to dump his hapless customers down a chute to the basement, where Mrs. Lovett has her bakehouse. Tired of serving cat canapes, and complaining that \\"a pussy is only good for six men,\\" Mrs. Lovett improves the fare at her establishment by serving Sweeney Todd's customers to her own. Business booms.<br /><br />This kill 'em-and-cook 'em routine ends only with the eventual visit of Judge Turpin to Sweeney Todd's tonsorial parlour, where the not-so-good Judge gets the closest shave of his life.<br /><br />Calling SWEENEY TODD a \\"black comedy\\" is to paint it several shades too bright. Director Tim Burton captures the weirdness of Mr. Todd and Mrs. Lovett perfectly in his casting of Depp and Bonham Carter, but he errs in relying on an almost Warholian atmosphere of gore to structure this film. Likewise, the use of obscenity (\\"$&!%\\" instead of wit) detracts from the production. (Having not seen the stage play, I may be too unkind to Mr. Burton, as he may only be following in Mr. Sondheim's footsteps, but the criticism still applies creatively.) Other reviewers have said that only half the songs of the stage play make it onto film, but perhaps that is not all bad. Every twitched eyebrow in a musical does not require the cast to burst into song, a fact that playwrights like Sondheim and Lloyd Webber seem to have forgotten. I found several of the songs in SWEENEY TODD to be self-indulgent in that regard.<br /><br />As to the singing, Depp does well, Bonham Carter does better, and the rest of the cast merely vocalizes. Perhaps it was the DVD transfer or perhaps it was the entertainment center's sound system, or perhaps I'm going deaf, but I found myself understanding only about every third word in any given song. My friend, a musical and opera aficionado, described most of the songs as atonal, and I'll agree that many of them had a distressingly similar sonorous drone to them. That's DEFINITELY Sondheim's trademark shortfall.<br /><br />Still, as a musical-to-film, SWEENEY TODD, though it isn't Lerner & Lowe, entertains, and entertains well.ikewise, the use of obscenity (\\"$&!%\\" instead of wit) detracts from the production. (Having not seen the stage play, I may be too unkind to Mr. Burton, as he may only be following in Mr. Sondheim's footsteps, but the criticism still applies creatively.) Other reviewers have said that only half the songs of the stage play make it onto film, but perhaps that is not all bad. Every twitched eyebrow in a musical does not require the cast to burst into song, a fact that playwrights like Sondheim and Lloyd Webber seem to have forgotten. I found several of the songs in SWEENEY TODD to be self-indulgent in that regard.     As to the singing, Depp does well, Bonham Carter does better, and the rest of the cast merely vocalizes. Perhaps it was the DVD transfer or perhaps it was the entertainment center's sound system, or perhaps I'm going deaf, but I found myself understanding only about every third word in any given song. My friend, a musical and opera aficionado, described most of the songs as atonal, and I'll agree that many of them had a distressingly similar sonorous drone to them. That's DEFINITELY Sondheim's trademark shortfall.     Still, as a musical-to-film, SWEENEY TODD, though it isn't Lerner & Lowe, entertains, and entertains well.
B00144VBBS|5.0|What a great pair of CD's. Hits just keep coming at you one after another. So nice not to have to go digging thru prior CDs to find a favorite song. Toby Keith and country music were made for each other.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|I enjoyed the first season and I am waiting for the second to come out.
B000002KIE|5.0|Whenever anyone in the world talks about the Sex Pistols, they're easily recognisable. The name in itself is a trademark, something of a household name, the Sex Pistols can easily be named the most well known band in the world and this was through the creation of one album and one album only. There have been many albums since with the Sex Pistols name, but they're simply compilations with bootlegs of old recordings, but this album is the one and only official studio album by the Pistols. A lot of people would find it unbelievable that a band can achieve such level of fame through the release of one album, many would ask how this is possible and it's simply explained as \\"They were decades ahead of the rest.\\"<br /><br />The Pistols were responsible for igniting the punk rock movement but they were also responsible for igniting a revolution in the youth of Britain. With songs such as Anarchy in the UK and God Save the Queen ignited a fire under the fascistic establishment and told them \\"We know what you're trying to do, and it isn't gonna happen.\\" In 1977 music of this nature had never been heard before which is the main reason for it inspiring such a strong youth movement which undoubtedly got the band in a lot of trouble. You only have to compare them to the bands of today who call themselves \\"Punk\\" bands and you can clearly hear the influence from the Pistols. Green Day are a band that have been labelled as a band who've stolen the \\"Punk\\" label to use it for their own benefit by capitalising on a revolutionsing genre. Johnny Rotten has condemned the use of the word Punk when referring to Green Days sound.<br /><br />Johnny Rotten was right to condemn that as the Pistols literally went up to the face of the establishment and gave them the middle finger, whilst todays young \\"Punk\\" bands use Anti-establishment in a calculated way to simply earn money and recognition. Ever music fan should own this album, it's a part of history and if you take a look at modern history of Britain you can see that our country would be a very different place if it wasn't for the movement created by the Sex Pistols, this isn't just music it's a revolution.can see that our country would be a very different place if it wasn't for the movement created by the Sex Pistols, this isn't just music it's a revolution.
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|I take issue with the claim in the review that this was an uninvolving movie.  I don't think that's the case--if you watch the movie more than once.  I would consider the first viewing to be NUMBING.  I choose this word carefully.  The filmmakers are consciously referencing 9/11, and viewed through that lens, I found the plot to be representative of the human need to come to grips with that horrible event--the rescue narrative, which can be easily dismissed as romantic drivel, to me reads as the poetic expression of the human need to say the things that tragedy prevented us from saying.<br /><br />The complaints about the way the film is shot--with the handy cam--are valid and fair.  I was not bothered by them.<br /><br />Finally, I will say this for the film.  Yes, when I saw it in theaters, it felt uninvolving.  However, it was also haunting.  There was something about it that I felt compelled to come back to.  I have now seen it three times.  The more I see it, the more I see INTO it.  I think seeing this movie once and dismissing it is a mistake.
B000065BPB|5.0|Great Headphones, amazing sound.  I use these with my Zune 80gb and on my laptop with HD sound card.  I also play some games that require directional hearing, and these headphones work great. At first they were a bit tight, even though I have a relatively small head, but after waring a few times they fit perfect.  Block out external sound well, and very little leakage even at higher volume.
B0011HOEY4|4.0|Very strong acting and directing.  But this movie is way too long and it lacks that extra something that makes a film great.  So I highly recommend it, but don't expect a film that compares with The Godfather, Godfather II, or Good Fellas.
067101756X|4.0|I have only just begun this book and already have read about coverups and unscrupulous activities within the government.  Even if we have had \\"visitations\\" from other worlds, what would be the harm in letting the public know?  I hope the rest of the book provides some answers.
0316067598|5.0|This was one of the most powerful and moving books I've ever read. I couldn't put it down. I was inspired by the Seals' perseverance, dedication,  and discipline and moved by their sacrifice.    The book was an easy read - a compelling story told by a great story teller. I think the mixture of actual events told by one of the participants and the story teller being a fiction writer helped make it so exciting and real.    The only complaint I have (and it is a relatively small one) is that Marcus rags on the liberal media a bit too much. I don't disagree with him, but I think a little goes a long way. On the other hand if he has to worry about that while he's fighting a war, that says a lot about the press's negative influence.    I recommend this book to anyone. It is an amazing story told very well.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|Experimental.  The word is smattered all over every music critic's review of Coldplay's 4th studio release.  And if you listen to enough indie rock, you might've gathered suspicion that the press was hinting at a Mars Volta-esque foray into atonal dissonance and structural ambiguity.  But worry not.  While Chris Martin might be stretching his vocal range down toward Hades and a pinch of world music spice has been added to their decidedly western formulas, \\"Viva La Vida\\" stands resolutely as a Coldplay album, with a healthy dollop of the arena-ready choruses and karaoke approved melodies for which the public adores them.  Myself included.<br /><br />Yes, there is an instrumental (\\"Life In Technicolor\\"), and a cuplet of tunes with \\"secret songs\\" serving as epilogues (\\"Yes\\" and \\"Death and All His Friends\\").  Sure, we have some strings set in the phrygian mode (\\"Yes\\") and some heavy metal guitar crunch (\\"Violet Hill\\").  And oh wait, is that Will Champion working the kettle drums (\\"Viva La Vida\\")?  Kudos to Brian Eno, a personal hero of mine, for helping the band to take these seemingly subtle yet effective steps in the studio.<br /><br />But all soundscape and texture jargon aside, the band remains its most confident where you'd expect them to: on songs like \\"Lovers In Japan/Reign of Love\\", where the rhythm section of Coldplay's godfathers, U2, sound like they were sitting in for a session.  Chris Martin, as tentative a rock star as he is, has always outwardly worshipped his influences.  Anytime you hear echoes of the aforemention Eno-produced quartet from Dublin or even REM on the record, the band soars.  Pushing the envelope never felt so easy.
0375842209|5.0|Wow. All the reviewers that liked it said a lot of the stuff that I noticed while I was reading this book too, but a lot said that there is many to say about this book. But let me tell you, if I were to choose only one book that I can call 5 stars--i would choose this \\"Young Adult\\" novel. It is a masterpiece, this book should be read by all, grandparents, adults, and young adults. And the book may look dense, but trust me--even though the book is slow paced, you will find yourself enchanted by the dark humor, brutality, and just plain magic.    After u read this your views of WWII will completely change--as this is not an Anne Frank but a dark portrayal of the poor Germans, u will find yourself thinking a different of life in WWII. And after u read this--well, i could just say this book can be life changing.    The book has a unique narrative style. By death. Yes that is true, death does narrate--but the style is not exactly a narrative nor a poetic style. The genre is hard to point out here, and the story is quite simple: Leisel, a German girl is being adopted by a crazy woman and sweet man in Munich--as she steals books to read them to everyone. But soon you will find yourself intrigued by the complexity of this epic. A Jewish man starts living in there basement. Air raids are everywhere. Leisel has a best friend named Rudy. The Jewish man and Leisel have much in common. And many more happens in this story.    But the story is not the main thing, yes, Zusak does try to make sense of the horrors of WWII--but the main thing is... the amazing writing and meaning. This book is some way you can poetic, and in many ways brutal. Sometimes the book can be dark, but at many moments you will hear yourself crying out loud in laughter.     Parents need to know that this book is quite dense at a whopping 576 pages. Also your child may have trouble reading this book--figuring out its style can be confusing. The swearing is mainly in German, but there are some infrequent uses of s--t. The violence is surprisingly almost never occurring, but there are two moderately graphic beatings and air raids(nothing detailed).    I have explained about 0.1% of how wonderful this book is. Trust me. Buy the book. You will feel the same way as me--really wanting to say how great it is, but finding it hard to explain. Overall this book is highly recommended for teens, adults, and anyone else above the age of a teen.      (BEST BOOK EVER)
B00005N6KG|1.0|MDR-E828LP is a much better. I brought both. MDR-W08L is not comfortable. Feels like it is going to come off any second. Sound is not good. I will not buy this one again.
B000009QO6|5.0|Don't waste your time trying to pimp other Danzigs.  This one is the best by far and its not close.  Also, Mother is probably one of my least favorite tracks here.  End of Time is AWESOME.  Gotta love She Rides, Am I Evil and the opening track as well as the killer Not of this world.  The most complete Danzig althought the last 2 tracks are a bit weak.  I have all the Danzig CDs and he never topped this one.
B000063TE5|5.0|I've listened to this record hundreds of times, and still manage to find new snorks and squonks.  I love the fact that WB initially didn't find it \\"commercial\\" enough, but when all was said and done, they ended up buying it twice!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA............!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Buy this, and listen to it over and over again.
B000I2J2XQ|5.0|HP and the Sorcerer's Stone is the first and best!  We learn about the boy, Harry, and his history living amongst muggles.  The magic in this movie is all the wonderful cgi effects, and I prefer this actor's Dumbledore to his replacement (yes, I know the original actor passed away).  THE HD DVD video has amazing clarity.  I can watch this movie again and again!
1400082773|5.0|Don't let other people tell you what's in Obama's autobiography. Just read it yourself. You may be surprised.     Whether you agree with him or not, Barack Obama is worth getting to know. You may find, as I did, Obama is thoughtful, self-critical, and honest about his personal journey, which has not been an easy one. Not only that, he's a heck of a writer.     Instead of relying on other people's opinions (including mine) via e-mails and blogs, think for yourself, and read the book. Get it from the library if you don't want to buy it.
0307265730|5.0|It's refreshing to anxiously anticipate each of Lahiri's books and be so completely fulfilled by the product.  Each of the stories in Unaccustomed Earth evokes new and refreshing insight into the human condition.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|I've heard many negative things about Nostradamus.  Therefore, I was a little hesitant to buy this album.  This two-disc set is by far the best rock album in the past couple years.  Granted, it isn't nearly as hard and thrashing as the old Priest, but it is so fantastic that you don't even think about that.<br /><br />This quite possibly could be the best musical album by a metal band.  Every song has a beauty to it and a life of its own.  Of course, Rob's voice is amazing, the guitars are very well done, but they also added in musical touches with a hint of classical music.<br /><br />There are still quite a few of heavy hitters on here as well.  The song Nostradamus is pretty rockin', as well as Prophecy.<br /><br />For anyone who is on the fence with this one, here me out.  You will love the journey Priest takes you through with Nostradamus.  Wonderful album.
1400049628|5.0|I've read many survival books and this one is a must. We've all seen them everywhere you look. Now you have the tools to know for sure and what to do about it. Max Brooks brings it all together so you have a chance of surviving the time when the undead walk the earth and your friend will go from being called Chuck to chuck roast for a zombie. Get a bite of it before a zombie gets a bite of you!
030745536X|5.0|Ruiz Safn is an extraordinary novelist, this new one is like La sombra del Viento in quality, I recomend this one to everybody who likes historic novel.
B000N4SHPS|4.0|When I first heard this movie was going to be made, I groaned in agony.  But then a good friend of mine stated, `I think he still has something to say'.  And you know what?  He actually did.    Don't get me wrong, I knew Stallone had talent.  After all, he scribed all the Rocky movies (the first won an Oscar), and directed 2, 3 and 4.  Leaving the fifth to the director of the original.  I can't blame him for wanting to make one more movie (lets hope it's only one more) after the travesty of the fifth movie.  Something was definitely lost in the translation.  This is a beloved character for him and he obviously wanted to set things right.    Rocky Balboa is most certainly a return to the roots of the original movie and character.  Where a man overcomes all negative odds with heart and belief in himself.  Stallone takes the reigns and makes sure this movie came out the way it should.  An aged Rocky is now suffering the loss of  Adrian, a distant relationship with his son and just getting older.  Everything in his town is changing and even though he seems to be taking it all in stride, there are moments where he is obviously having trouble dealing with it all.    When a computer generated `Fantasy Fight' is broadcast on ESPN pitting Rocky (in his prime) against the current champ Mason Dixon, the buzz turns into full blown demand for an actual fight.  The plot is pretty predictable from that point on, the inevitable is going to happen and Rocky ends up in the ring.  But you still find yourself rooting for him with everything you can, even though the guy he's fighting isn't someone you want to hate like the last three movies.    After a decade of flopping mediocre movies that he got paid WAAAYYY too much money for (Assassins, The Specialist, Driven) Stallone has been humbled, and seems to be trying to get some dignity back.  He has done that with Rocky Balboa, bringing some class back to an American underdog character that has become an icon of our culture.
B000TXNDUW|5.0|This is one of the best (and first) movies made by Godard. It is historic in it's introduction of jump cuts and as an important contribution to the french New Wave, and so on. And it's very fun to watch. This Criterion edition contains a good transfer of the film plus tons of extras. Well worth buying.
0385340567|2.0|I have been a big Lee Child fan since his first Reacher Novel. He is the only author I have written a fan letter to. As another review stated everyone is entitled to a miss. Certainly \\"Nothing to Lose\\" is my least favorite of what had been a great Reacher series and it was so disappointing I wish I had not read it. It really soured my opinion and visualization of the character.     In the book Reacher seems to be \\"reaching more\\" and definitely seems to have adopted a more aggressive Pi**ed of demeanor. It was a total let down and a far fetched for me.    My hopes are that the author and editor take a long look at the  storyline next year.
B000LE0TGA|2.0|When this album came out before Christmas 1977, I was waiting with baited breath.  After the strong performances on \\"Eldorado\\", \\"Face The Music\\" and \\"A New World Record\\", I was expecting great things from this talented band.<br /><br />What a disappointment!<br /><br />It was apparent by the end of the first side that ELO had traded in what was left of their progressive leanings for commercial success.  By the time I was done listening to \\"Sweet Talkin' Woman\\", I knew the direction had changed.  The rest of the album made it clear that they were interested in a more general sound, and while they would experiment with some styles, the synth-heavy sound was around to stay in the hope of filling the album with potential singles.<br /><br />Mission accomplished.
B00164KYS2|5.0|As a fan of the series from the start, I was so excited about this cinematic follow-up. It didn't disappoint! The movied picked up seamlessly where the series ended. The four friends have matured and very adult problems dominate their lives, testing the strength of commitment and self-awareness. When I saw the movie length was 2 hours 15 minutes, I was somewhat concerned, but the time passed quickly...too quickly. This is a must-see for any \\"Sex and the City\\" fan.
B000F8O4DQ|4.0|This album is a bit of an exposed nerve to me, because it was one of the first albums I ever bought.  As time has gone on, I've decided that its' predecessor, \\"Face The Music\\", is a better and more relevant album today; but that doesn't mean this album doesn't have a lot to offer a budding ELO fan.<br /><br />The opening track, \\"Tightrope\\" is one of the best ELO has produced, starting with a heavy dose of synthesizers, followed by an orchestral prelude to the main tune, and then drifting into a catchy, cool song.  In many ways, this song is a giant autobiography, showcasing the full range of their skills as a band.  The next two songs are clever and charming pop songs, with the top 10 hit \\"Telephone Line\\" and the hilarious \\"Rockaria!\\", the story of a rocker trying to convert an opera singer to the glories of rock and roll.<br /><br />The rest of the disc is so-so.  While I love \\"Do Ya\\", it's actually an old Move song, and the original (arguably) is better. \\"So Fine\\" is a wonderfully produced rock song, but \\"Livin' Thing\\" is kind of bland and is a pretty good indicator of the future direction of the band.<br /><br />The first three songs are worth the price of the disc and more; but there is such a dropoff after these three tunes that the end result is a bit frustrating.  Still...if you want to know ELO well, you simply must have \\"Tightrope\\" and \\"Rockaria!\\", because these songs are this great band doing their very best work.
0743298039|1.0|I was really looking forward to reading this and I was very disappointed.  I fail to see how anyone (including the author -- a lot!) could compare this novel to Jane Eyre -- the only thing it has in common with Jane Eyre is how much of the plot it stole!  The narrator is not  interesting, and there's very little of interest about the other characters.  They're completely one dimensional -- cruel or crazy or dense or some combination of these.  You never get any sense of them as people -- hopes or dreams or ambitions or fears, etc.      I felt as though the author never really had a plot in mind -- like each day she sat down to write and thought \\"hmmm, what should I have the characters do today? I know, I'll throw them some gothic curveball -- a lunatic in the attic or mysterious death or a ghost in the garden...\\".      One of the reasons Jane Eyre is a great novel is because you come to care deeply about Jane.  This is simply not the case for any of the characters in this book, and the book is not beautifully written or evocative or interesting enough to overcome that fundamental flaw.
B000F8O4E0|4.0|I own virtually all of ELO's albums, as well as the greatest hits of the group they evolved from, The Move.  This album, to me, is their most evenly produced.  I feel that a couple of the songs from \\"A New World Record\\" (Their next album) would be as strong as any ELO has produced, but that album would not be as consistent as this one.<br /><br />\\"Face The Music\\" opens with my personal favorite of all ELO tracks, the outstanding instrumental \\"Fire On High\\".  It still sounds technologically fresh today, and the music is progressive and accessible all at once; I'm sure Alan Parsons wishes he had come up with this track!<br /><br />Much like it's opening track, the album is filled with twists and turns; \\"Down Home Town\\" dabbles with a hoedown feel, while \\"Poker\\" lets the band dig into its' rockabilly roots.  The two excellent singles, \\"Evil Woman\\" and \\"Strange Magic\\", are wrongfully blamed for the bland, poppy style that would follow.  These two tracks are, in fact, true pop nuggets that showcased Jeff Lynne's strong ability to write music, while taking it in an arguably progressive direction.<br /><br />It could be argued that this album was the first rumbling of a style that would subsequently be characterized \\"New Wave\\".  The music relies much more on synthesizers and strings as opposed to guitars, although the odd power chord remains.  As they honed and developed their new sound through the next few albums, ELO would increasingly be dismissed as a lightweight pop band that was better suited to AC radio than AOR.  True though this might have been in their later career, at this stage in time ELO was a pioneering band, writing a solid blend of commercially accessible music with progressive stylings.  Music fans of today should be searching out this excellent album and evaluating for themselves the impact ELO would have on the progression of popular music in the 1970's and 1980's.<br /><br />My own view is that some of the stronger artists to emerge from the New Wave era, such as the Eurythmics, owe a great debt to this album.e a great debt to this album.
0439806119|4.0|Mr. Westerfeld has established a very good reputation as a writer of imaginative and engrossing YA science fiction, and this book is a prime example of how he has earned that reputation.<br /><br />The palette for this book is a society that has declared that everyone must be pretty, and achieves that goal through a set of medical operations at age sixteen, so that no one will end up with the misfortune of having less than stellar looks, thereby eliminating many of the conflicts associated with people who look `different'. Those in the `tween' years of 12 to 15 are, of course, comparatively ugly, and are typically known by that moniker, as opposed to the `littles', the `middle pretties' - those in middle age, and the `crumblies' - still pretty, but old. Pretties get to party all night and all day, with practically whatever they want delivered on demand through the convenient service outlet in their rooms. The uglies, of course feeling somewhat left out, often try to trick their minding sensors and crash the pretty parties, with some more successful than others.<br /><br />Tally Youngblood is one such ugly, an inventive, bright fifteen year old, only a few weeks away from her pretty operation. Her `tricks' to enter the pretty society across the river and her friendship with another ugly, Shay, eventually lead to her being noticed and unwillingly being recruited by the Specials, a shadowy group that seems to actually be in control of this society, to help find and destroy a small group of renegades from this utopia who live in the wilds. Her travels in pursuit of this goal eventually lead her far from the city and just as far from the mental viewpoint it encapsulates.<br /><br />Tally is well drawn as a young girl with perfectly understandable goals and emotions. The problems she faces have immediate and forceful impact on not just her worldview, but on the reader's. The challenges are not small molehills of little larger relevance, but in fact have great import in her development while at the same time allowing the reader to see and think about the problems of such a society and what the alternatives to it are. All of this is done without any preaching or overt philosophizing, in very clear prose.<br /><br />I did have a few reservations about just how the economy of this society actually worked, as only hints were given about just what the middle pretties did, how things were manufactured, or just what technology was really behind some of the gadgets. But these were pretty small quibbles compared to the presentation of Tally's character and those around her, both those sympathetic to her and those wishing to control her.<br /><br />This is only the first book of this trilogy (actually now four books), so the end of this book leaves a lot of threads hanging, but it does manage to conclude the initial scenario quite well, and shows us a Tally who is a far cry from the Tally at the beginning of the book. It perhaps is not a great sf book, but it's a whole lot better than some of the `adult' material being published today, as it is quite accessible by people who don't have Ph. D. in rocket science, while still being both quite inventive and with quite a bit of meat hiding behind it's story of one girl's growth.<br /><br />---Reviewed by Patrick Shepherd (hyperpat)the same time allowing the reader to see and think about the problems of such a society and what the alternatives to it are. All of this is done without any preaching or overt philosophizing, in very clear prose.     I did have a few reservations about just how the economy of this society actually worked, as only hints were given about just what the middle pretties did, how things were manufactured, or just what technology was really behind some of the gadgets. But these were pretty small quibbles compared to the presentation of Tally's character and those around her, both those sympathetic to her and those wishing to control her.     This is only the first book of this trilogy (actually now four books), so the end of this book leaves a lot of threads hanging, but it does manage to conclude the initial scenario quite well, and shows us a Tally who is a far cry from the Tally at the beginning of the book. It perhaps is not a great sf book, but it's a whole lot better than some of the `adult' material being published today, as it is quite accessible by people who don't have Ph. D. in rocket science, while still being both quite inventive and with quite a bit of meat hiding behind it's story of one girl's growth.     ---Reviewed by Patrick Shepherd (hyperpat)
B0013D8LOU|4.0|DEPP IS VERY GOOD AGAIN. NOT MUCH HE CAN'T DO AS AN ACTOR. IT'S GRUESOME AND FUN, GO FIGURE! DARK AND FUNNY, WELL ACTED AND DIRECTED. ENJOYABLE.
0446402389|3.0|I have to agree with some of the previous reviews: I felt that the first three quarters of this book was superb - in fact, I read it in one sitting. The writing was taught and his characters well-formed. Mr. Smith is a master of creating atmosphere, and I believe he gives the reader and accurate depiction of Stalinist Russia. But I have to say that I was disappointed by the very implausible ending. I found the \\"connection\\" between Leo and the killer rather convenient - TOO convenient - and I don't feel the author ever explained satisfactorily the motivation for the WAY in which the children were killed. I mean, WHY were the stomachs of the children removed ... and then cooked and fed to the cats?! Surely that requires more of an explanation than, \\"I wanted to attract your attention\\"!     I have other problems with the ending (too lengthy to expound on here), and so I give this book 3 (actually 3 1/2) stars: one star for each of the first three quarters of the book.     That being said, this is a writer to watch and I look forward to more books from this author.
0743290119|5.0|I absolutely adore Lauren Weisberger, and this book was a charm. It tells the story of 3 girlfriends, and their quest for fun, love, jobs, and sex. They are all so different, but any woman can relate to them! It was very cute and I enjoyed every minute of it. I actually found myself laughing out loud during certain sections. For anyone who loved the Devil Wears Prada, will adore this book! Can't wait for a sequel, or a movie to come out!
0783226888|2.0|I mistakingly purchased \\"The Jackal\\" because, based on the title, I thought it was going to be about the actual terrorist--yes, folks terrorism existed before 9/11--Carlos the Jackal (aka, Ilich Ram&iacute;rez S&aacute;nchez) who baffled law enforcement agencies around the world from 1970 until August 14, 1994, when he was handed over to French agents of the DST by his doctors and flown to Paris.  Carlos the Jackal's ability to avoid capture was allegedly due to cosmetic surgeries and elaborate costumes.  So, when I saw this film, and that Richard Gere, Bruce Willis, and Sidney Poitier were in the film, I figured it had to be good.  I was basically let down.  Part of the problem, I suspect derives from the fact that the movie is really two stories that collide at the end of the movie.  As such, Willis never really has a chance to play off of Gere or Poitier.  Secondly, the first part of the movie is poorly edited, so the critical aspects for developing the character of \\"The Jackal\\" (which seems to be thinly based on the real person) seem tedious and \\"time consuming.\\"<br /><br />The primary strength of \\"The Jackal\\" is Richard Gere's performace; but then his character, a former Irish Republican Army sniper named Declan Joseph Mulqueen, is motivated to get the Jackal so he can obtain his freedom.  While I can say that I will most likely watch \\"The Jackal\\" again--unlike some movies I've unfortunately purchased--because of the cast and somewhat decent drama, I am glad I paid only $5.00 for my copy.<br /><br />Update--1 July 2008: If this review was not helpful to you, I would appreciate learning the reason(s) so I can improve my reviews.  My goal is to provide help to potential buyers, not get into any arguments.  So, if you only disagree with my opinion, could you please say so in the comments and not indicate that the review was not helpful.  Thanks.
B0015XHP4K|5.0|Awesome! The video & audio quality are excellent. Excellent buy if you're a Rambo fan. The boxset comes with the three blue-ray discs separately, not in case with all the discs in one place.
0374105235|5.0|I'm deeply touched and sadden after reading A long way gone this book should be required school book so our children can be aware of what's going on. There were times when I actually had to put this book down.It's hard to rate this book reason being this was someone's life.
0440241413|4.0|but once I did, I really enjoyed it.   I think it had a little too much about her and her spending, but then again, that's the whole premise for the series I guess.  I would have enjoyed more flirting between her and Luke earlier on in the book, but the ending made up for it all!
1592332803|5.0|This book has a lot of great familiar desserts that most people will not know are vegan. It includes one of the easiest and most delicious chocolate cake recipes I've seen, and chocolate chip cookies that are fabulous. A lot of great frosting recipes too that can go with anything and be modified in many ways. This book is essential for vegans who love classic desserts and want to impress their friends.
0385340567|4.0|Jack Reacher is a wonderful character, a loner and wanderer, with his own moral code.  Previous storylines have told his tale much better and were more compeling than this offering.  Jack's adventures between Hope and Despair were not quite as riveting as previous stories but still kept my interest.<br /><br />Lee Child has truly mastered the tale of the flawed character keeping Jack consistently true to his own values over those of society. This particular story line had a fairly simplicistic anti-war (or at least anti war in Iraq) message which seemed true to Jack's values while at odds with perhaps his views on duty.  I'm not sure if that shows growth and maturity as Jack gets further from his life as a former Army Major or it is a reflection of his solo journey in life.<br /><br />Even though this wasn't a 5 star book in my opinion,I am still anxiously awaiting the next Reacher story and I am saddened that it is a year off. to fill the void, I am starting to re-read the novels again starting with the first book, 'Killing Floor' and I am once again amazed by the depth and strength of Jack's character.<br /><br />If you aren't yet a Lee Child Fan, please read the Jack Reacher novels in order but definitely read them all.  If you have been reading the series since the beginning, as I have, you may not love it as you have with past books but it's definitely worth the price.  I think my biggist disappointment was in letting go of how much I enjoyed, 'Bad Luck and Trouble' and the reunion of former Army team members to solve a problem and getting back to the concept of 'Jack the stoic loner' living and telling his own story in his own way.
B00004ZELJ|5.0|I love this DVD. Classic BSB concert, probably the funniest and most talked about. Funny and just good fun.<br />The DVD arrived with another DVD I ordered, in the condition it was promised, way before I expected. Fast shipping and delivery. Satisfied completly.<br /><br />Every BSB fan should own this DVD.
B000B5XOSO|5.0|okay, you all have to admit that casting Danny Devito as the penguin & Michelle Pifer as catwoman, and Michael Keaton returns as Batman was the right movie on Burton's part. Who else can play The Penguin. com on he looks just like the comic and tv show penguin that you think the penguin actually exsist. aand pifer as catwoman was just the right move. Why not start off the sequal with Batman's other two most notorious villians and batman's most dangerous female villian. catwoman. michelle pifer's version of catwoman put's all others to shame. this movie is so good and tim burton tops it of with the dark style music of Danny Elfman. this movie is  a movie for al batfans to see.
B0000004V2|5.0|As all the five star reviews will tell you, this is quite an amazing CD. If you like jangly guitar pop rock, not the frustratingly simple pop rock of today but one that have layers of sound on it. You will love this album. There isn't a lot to complain about this album, it has very catchy guitar, well timed rhythm section and absolutely amazing vocal. There is one track you want to skip on this CD, and that's Don't Stop(and please skip?). The rest of the songs are masterpieces.
B000B5XOY8|5.0|Why not start off a batman sprea with the first one containing Batman's most vile and sicotic villians the Joker. Jack Nicholson portrays the joker in a meaningfull way. true that he dosen't kick Batman's butt. but he toys with him mentally. which is a good start on nicholson's part. and michael keaton as batman it could'nt get any better. Keaton portays batman in the darkside of him. this movie is awesome. Tim Burton at his best. it's a must see for all batfans
0062515675|5.0|International best-seller, \\"The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari\\" is a short fable or story about a high powered lawyer who suffers a personal loss and embarks on a life of workaholism, materialism and emptiness.  When he suffers a life threatening heart attack he determines to put  the essential luxuries of purpose, peace and happiness back into his life.  He travels to the Himalayas and spends time with the Sivana monks, who teach him wisdom of life.      This book is chock full of simple habits and rituals to include in one's life to nurture your body, mind and spirit. The advice within is compellingly framed and concise, making use of symbolism to remember the key concepts.         Picture the following sequence.  What can this mean?      You are sitting in a wondrous, beautiful flower garden.  In the middle  there is a red, six story lighthouse.  Suddenly, there is a creaking from the base of the lighthouse and out comes a 290lb Japanese sumo wrestler.  He is wearing a simple, pink wire cable sheath.  The sumo wrestler spots a shiny stopwatch.  He picks it up and immediately falls to the ground.  It appears that he has taken his last breath, when suddenly he comes back to life.  He then gets up and looks over at a beautiful group of yellow roses nearby.  Finally, he exits the garden by a path of beautiful diamonds...    How can you draw upon your deep reservoir of mental fortitude and inner strength that you possess?  As most accomplished people know, never stop learning and actively expand your wisdom about life.  As many great leaders do each and every day, take time out for reflection, including self-reflection.  To not do so is akin to being too busy driving to put gas in your (beautiful) car (you).  Awaken with the sun and cultivate a positive mindset and an attitude of gratefulness.  Savor the present.  Make music an integral part of your life.  Build your character by taking specific actions.  Simplify your life as much as you can for enhanced peace of mind.  Thus, you will leave time for the things that matter most.  Specifically, those things that will make the most difference in the long run.  Always cultivate your virtues of industry, compassion, humility, patience, honesty and last but not least, courage.     This little gem of a book is inexpensive.  It's entertaining.  It's a quick read.  It will be three hours of your valuable time very well spent.  You might learn nothing new.  Or, perhaps you will see your life more clearly than ever before.  Perhaps you will be pleasantly surprised and this book will unexpectedly improve the quality of your life.
B00004STUL|5.0|will smith & Martin lawrance are wickedly funnny in this nonstop comedy action flick. this movie is sooo good. if you haven't seen it then it's a must see.
B000GIXEIG|5.0|I have seen both Beowulf productions recently released. Granted I am biased toward Gerard Butler, but I liked this production much better than the animated version.  The character of Beowulf in this movie was more humble, more thoughtful, more humane.  The characters were stronger and more varied.
B001AGXEAG|5.0|I know this version of beetlejuice has not been realesed yet but still it is the movie. michael keaton portrays bettlejuice in the right manner. this movie is one for the whole family. it's a must see. if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do.
B0017V7GLC|5.0|I continue to be impressed by Ladytron and the consistent quality of their recordings. \\"Velocifero\\" is very similar in sound to \\"Witching Hour\\", but in my opinion more consistent and catchier.  No, it does not break any bold new musical ground or mark a different direction.  But why should it?  There's plenty of room for a high-quality album of 13 hook-laden tracks full of signature electro beats and fuzzy riffs.  I'd be hard-pressed to name a dud song on here and equally hard pressed to pick my favorite, although I do find the novel duet \\"versus\\" that closes out the album careening through my head the most.  If you enjoyed \\"Witching Hour\\" you have nothing to fear from \\"Velocifero\\".
0446402389|4.0|The book starts at the height of the famine in Ukraine, and ends with the death of its instigator, the great butcher Stalin.    The plot itself is a bit humdrum, almost a bit unbelievable in the end.  What I truly love about this book is the way it describes the totalitarian state.  Women marry men, afraid that the alternative is a trip to the basement of the Lubyanka.  Everyone's watching everyone else, all the time.  Denunciation is the same as guilt, which is the same as death.  Reality cannot be admitted when it conflicts with Marxist/Leninist theory.  Beyond all that, there's the sheer squalor of life in Russia at the end of Stalin's life.    The plot's not all that much, but the claustrophobic atmosphere is perfeclty well done.
B000J103WK|5.0|I am so happy I purchased this HD DVD version of this Concert. I only caught part of it on NBC originally, and now seeing it in it's entirty, I am dissapointed i did not get this sooner.  I am able to see this in 1080i, the max of my tv and hd player, but this dvd I believe will go to 1080p in better players. The picture is more crisp than being there live. The sound is in DTS 5.1 surround and just resinates beautifully through my average JVC sound system (that is now 5 years old).  The setlist is a nice blens of EAGLES and Solo EAGLES member music, a great span of almost 30 years of music, minimal gaps, really no filler here.  In general, 30 songs, plus a bonus interview.  This is well over 2 hours of music.  If you have an HD player and want to justify still having it, get this DVD.  At the prices they are going for now, you can't go wrong.
B00104QSOM|5.0|It is amazing to see so many bad reviews here.  While those of you who think that movies like Rambo and The Terminator is what movies are all about, performances by the likes of Daniel Day-Lewis in such graphic movies are to be hailed.  I personally miss the epics from when I was a kid such as Lawrence of Arabia and can do without today's garbage spewing from Hollywood.      I can understand those who found the movie dark and turned off by the depressing message of Sinclair, but this was a masterpiece performance by DDL.  The first 15 minutes alone, where not one word was said by the star, was as potent a performance as any I have ever seen.     Mr. Lewis has yet to disappoint and this is just another great performance by today's best actor.
B000TGJ8AS|5.0|I don't really watch crime series. I tried CSI and a few others but found them boring and gave up. NCIS, on the other hand, I own the first 4 seasons and have already ordered #5. There's lots of action, and lots of humor. I hope they keep making it for 15 seasons or so...
6305922756|5.0|This is  Spinal Tap has the distinction of being the funniest rockumentary ever created. Christopher Guest, Michael McKean and Harry Shearer literally become the heavy metal band that they are playing. The movie shot in verite documentary style by Rob Reiner never ceases to hit all the situations of life on the road of a touring band on its last tour. In addition there are many cameos by some of Hollywoods funniest stars.    The disc that I viewed is the MGM Special Edition and it does not disappoint. In addition to a new digital transfer of the film we get the presentation in Dolby 5.1 which adds a lot to the \\"heavy metal\\" concert footage.     The disc features an audio commentary done by the band in character, over an hour of deleted scenes, music videos, commercials, an updated interview with Rob Reiner in his Marti DeBergi persona and more.    This is one that is worth checking out.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|You have to think that Judas Priest had a good idea how this album was going to go over with fans. Some people would love it, others would hate it, and some would just not care either way and enjoy the handful of songs they like and file the rest of the album with Turbo. This is why, in a flash of brilliance, they decided to include a possible free ticket to their upcoming tour also. Those of us that used it and got a free ticket don't feel cheated, and those of us that also loved the album doubly win. The perfect damage-control compromise for such an ambitious effort.     As for the album itself, it's a tough one to call. People are going to remain split despite even the best arguments. It's a matter of opinion, as all music is, and you can't rationalize someone too far from their gut reaction. All I can do is suggest you set some time aside, just for yourself, and sit down and give it a full listen. Have some beers handy, good beers if you can. I made it through the album with Samuel Adams Cream Stout. The album was better than the beer, but neither sucked so I was pretty pleased. Anyway, the point is that the album has to be digested as one entire piece. Concept albums like Iron Maiden's Seventh Son can be picked apart song-by-song, but Nostradamus feels more like Queensryche's Operation Mindcrime which must be appreciated in one sitting.     All in all, I found it very engaging and remarkably easy to immerse myself into. Purge your mind of any preconceptions or cynicism and let the album play through. I would be very shocked to see Priest attempt to repeat this style and feel pretty confident they'll follow this up with a more formulaic release down the road, but for now this is what we have -- an album with cross-genre appeal that will likely turn off some die-hard fans, but you can't let one album spoil a band's legacy for you.
0060574216|1.0|Only people of compatible personality types can have a great relationship. You won't know what personality type you are unless you invest your money in Socionics by Rod Novichkov. Communication problems start with misunderstandings and misunderstandings are from the way we process information and give out the answers. Only C1 partners (you'll know what that is if you read Socionics) have the right combination of compatibility where when you say \\"Honey, I want to be left alone for a few minutes because I want to think things over\\" means just exactly what you meant to say and nothing more and your partners understands it that way.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|This DVD is truly a hit! You can watch it with the whole family or with your friends! Its entertainment for every age and everyone! The graphics are truly amazing and the characters are very well developed with voice actors that suit every character!  This one cant be missed! A must buy!
B0018AK9RK|4.0|yes it has Strings ,piano,but still has The guitar riffs And solos. A dark beatiful.Opus. and The voice that come's from the deep of the ocean to the top of the mountain. i love it. hope You do as well.
B000QUCXWW|5.0|This is definitely another great Who CD despite the fact that the CD is really in Mono and not Stereo like it says on the cover. This CD absolutely deserves five stars.
B000M5AJQS|4.0|If you've gotten to the point where you're reading movie reviews, you probably don't need a plot synopsis, so let's skip it.  So how good is this movie...?  I would say that this movie is to cinema what \\"An American Tragedy\\" is to literature - the most poorly made great piece of work of its time.    It's a great movie in the following ways:  1) The script is tightly plotted.  Nothing is superfluous, nothing is overdone or overlooked, and the REAL RARITY?  YOU ACTUALLY HAVE TO PAY ATTENTION.  If you miss a second of this movie, you won't understand how the rest of it unfolds.  2) It's nice to watch some of the best living American actors all do their thing in a single film. Mark Wahlberg and Leonardo DiCaprio turn in particularly fine performances, and Matt Damon seemed to be extending his range (happily), playing a character for whom one cannot feel sorry, nor want to take home to meet Mom. 3)  Depending on how you feel about one liners generally, the one liners are good, and very apt.  I could go on about the familial and racial subtexts here as well, but suffice it to say that there is more than one character trying to please Daddy, and if you're black, Italian, Arab or Catholic, the first twenty minutes won't give you the warm fuzzies.    The Departed is less than stellar in the following ways:  1) As mentioned in several other reviews, the ending is a bit ludicrous. It felt like plot twists were being made for their own sake, rather than for the good of the film or the story.  Without being a spoiler, let me just say here that I DID respect the choice NOT to pander to the mass audience's sensibilities in terms of what happens to the \\"good\\" and \\"bad\\" guys, or to reveal too much information in the end. 2) A few of these (albeit brilliant) actors are cast as themselves.  Jack Nicholson brought out Jack the bad guy/madman for us, and Alec Baldwin was as smarmy on screen as we filthy little pigs are accustomed to seeing him offscreen.  Most of these actors really brought their A-games though. And really, are Jack and Alec playing themselves the worst thing you could watch?  Methinks not! 3) Aside from the ending, my one complaint with the script is that it was over-plotted and under-characterized.  There were so many plot lines (two A lines, as well as B and C lines) that there just wasn't time for the main characters to have much of an arc.  From beginning to end, Costello is Costello, Sullivan is Sullivan and Costigan is Costigan.  The only two characters who seem to take themselves off the path they initially set out on were Mark Wahlberg and Vera Farmiga's characters.    Departures in The Departed: Although the characters in this film are believeable and very well acted, make no mistake: this is a plot driven movie.  This seems contrary to the recent films of most of the lead actors, as well as for director Martin Scorcese.  Also, this is a film that was truly made in the editing room.  Although DiCaprio and Damon have the two A plot lines, they're in only 2 or 3 scenes together.  There's a lot of editorial juxtaposition, cutting back and forth, and it can get a bit obvious - and overbearing.  Another departure from Scorcese's style can be found in the cinematography, which is tighter and less panaromic than he seems to prefer.  However, once you've seen a shot of Jack Nicholson lit in redlight showering two half naked women in coke, you'll remember whose movie you're watching.    All in all, I would say buy the movie.  But don't turn away - you'll miss something important.
B0015519VS|3.0|I was highly upset when I listen to  this album. Not one song sticks out to me they all damn near sound the same. Everyone hyped this album up to be the album of the year, sorry not even close! I was expecting so much more from him and this album. Confessions was and amazing album almost every song had #1 potential. This album just sucks. I love Ushers music, but this CD just does not do it for me. Sorry maybe next time.    I guess Ne-Yo will be the man of the year! lol
B000026D42|3.0|Eve was the Project's fourth studio album. It went to #13 on the album charts & there weren't any charting singles released from the album. Eve has always been a wee bit of a disappointment to me. There's only one weak song on the album but there aren't any outstanding songs on it, either.<br /><br />The album opens in typical fashion with the instrumental \\"Lucifer\\". Unlike many of the Project's previous albums where the opening instrumental jumped out & made you take notice, \\"Lucifer\\" doesn't come close to doing this. The next song, \\"You Lie Down with Dogs\\", is one of the two best songs on the album. It has a definite pop feel to it with a good groove. \\"I'd Rather Be a Man\\" is an average song that opens with programmed synths but never delivers. \\"You Won't Be There\\" is a slow tempo song, Bairnson does provide a melodic lead solo. \\"Winding Me Up\\" is a slight improvement but still nothing more than average. It does a catchy chorus that'll have you singing along but it's, oh, so commercial. \\"Damned If I Do\\" falls into the pop category also but doesn't go anywhere. It does have a driving set of brass & some strings which should prove interesting on the remastered version coming out later in the year. Bairnson provides us with a solid lead solo. \\"Don't Hold Back\\" follows & is way into the commercial end of things; for the first time we get a female doing a lead vocal on a Project track. By this time I'm disappointed in the album with so many average tracks. What follows is the other good song on the album, \\"Secret Garden\\" which should've been the opening number. David Paton provides an interesting bass riff in this instrumental. \\"If I Could Change Your Mind\\" is the album's closing track. This one also has a female lead vocal but the song is the weakest of the album. Knowing what the album's theme is, this song then is the female's reply to that theme.<br /><br />Eve hasn't ever been my favorite Project album nor did it have the best recording dynamics. I look forward tothe newly remastered version being released.
B0018CAAN6|3.0|I'm a huge Madonna fan, but I'm not really feeling this CD.    The first five songs are decent, some good, but the rest of the album lacks her usual umph.    Take a good listen before investing in it.  You might be surprised to find that the CD is weak, with the exception of a few songs.     Also, her voice doesn't seem to be up to par.  It doesn't go well with the hip-hop beats.
B0013A1T8I|5.0|The Golden Compass is an entertaining and exciting movie. It is a lot better than Narnia (personally I did not care for Narnia at all). It has a great story, great special effects, and memorable characters. I prefer a talking Polar Bear over a talking Lion anyday! So if you want a great movie, this is for you! The acting is alson great! And as usual, Sam Elliot is awesome!    A great film for the whole family! Buy it and enjoy!
B0000C5RQF|5.0|What an incredible portrayal of what is, in my opinion, Mozart's most beautiful opera.  My love of this DVD began with the overture, with beautiful shots of the orchestra.  Now, for the singing:    Everyone in this production is amazing.  The show-stealer is Dorothea Roschmann, as Pamina, who plays this character as if the role was made just for her.  She is innocent, yet knowing, and her search for truth gives her layering that not all singers playing Pamina can properly delineate.  Brava to her and her beautiful, rich, emotional voice.  Simon Keenlyside is just as marvelous, with an awkward yet strong presence as Papageno.  He makes the audience laugh at him, pity him and root for him all within the same performance.  Diana Damrau takes the Queen of the Night arias to a new level, adding her own shading to these songs and acting with great emotion and in-your-face anger that is very entertaining to watch.  The other singers are equally talented, and round out the cast perfectly.    With the exception of sometimes poor intonation among the three young boys and the unfortunately unflattering costume that Pamina wears throughout the second act, this production is nearly perfect. I highly recommend that all fans of Die Zauberflote see this DVD for themselves.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|Ok, I'll start this review by saying that this album is NOT a typical Priest album... I mean, its very different from their other albums and that's the main reason why some people don't/won't like it.    Now, is the fact that it sounds different from Priest's other albums a bad thing? In my opinion, it isn't. I've always been a big fan of epic music and Nostradamus is one of the most epic albums I've ever heard. Yeah, the music on this album is very epic and its also very melodic, in fact, Nostradamus is probably Priest's most melodic album.    Anyway, lets talk about the songs now. I'll skip the interludes because they are pretty useless, I mean, they aren't bad at all, but I usually skip them unless I feel like listening to the album all the way through.     First CD:    The first song, Prophecy, is one of the best songs on the album, it reminds a bit of Angel Of Retribution, it has a great main riff that is used during the verses and the chorus, the pre-chorus is quite dark and I like it and the chorus is good, but its not one of the best choruses on the album. The next song, Revelations, is even better, the verses are very epic and I love them, the song is very epic and symphonic overall (but so is most of the album). War sounds more like an interlude than a real song, but its a great one, it does sound like a war song, the chorus is very dark, but its not very original, I mean, the riff during it is the typical dark metal riff (you'll understand what I mean when you'll listen to it). After that, we have Pestillence And Plague which is a favorite of mine, a lot of people don't like the chorus because its in italian, they think its cheesy, but personally, I think that its one of the best choruses on the album, its very epic and Rob Halford's vocals during it are great. Next is Death, its quite forgettable, but it has a few great parts, the riff at 2:12 really reminds me of Death (the band), I mean, in terms of harmonies (I'm sure that Death fans will get what I mean)... The part at 5:12 is the best part for me, the synth sounds great. Conquest starts with a pretty catchy riff and like Pestillence And Plague it has a very epic chorus. The next song, Lost Love, is the first ballad on the album and its definitely a great ballad! Its very soft, but its simply beautiful. I'm not a big fan of ballads, but this one is very good. The first CD ends with Persecution which is the heaviest song on the CD, its good, but to me its one of the weakest songs on the first CD... Its one of the songs that sound the most like typical Priest, but you know what? I prefer the epic sound of the other songs.    Second CD:    In my opinion, the second CD is nowhere as good as the first one. Actually, it mostly consists of ballads. The first song, Exiled, is good, but its nothing special really... The next song, Alone, is MUCH better! Actually, its one of the best songs on the album, its a ballad, but like Lost Love from the first CD, its a great one and it has a really memorable chorus (one of the best on the album). Visions is one of the first songs that we all got to hear, when I first heard it, I thought that it was average and I still think that its average... Like Persecution from the first CD, it sounds quite a bit like a typical Priest song, but its simply nothing special, the chorus is very generic... Next, we have, in my opinion, the weakest song on the album, New Beginnings. It isn't bad, but its very forgettable, its just a very average ballad. The title track starts in a very epic way, a lot of people don't like the intro, but personally, I love it! Anyway, its one of the heaviest songs on the album, the riff under the verses really remind of the main riff from Painkiller (which can be a good thing or a bad thing) and the chorus is quite catchy. The last song, Future Of Mankind, is one of the best songs on the second CD, its very epic and the chorus is not overly original, but I love it!    Now lets talk about the musicians. I've never really cared about Rob Halford's voice except when it goes very high, but I have to admit that I like his voice on this album a lot, he doesn't sing very high as much as on the other albums, but his voice is very poweful! We all know that Tipton and Downing are great guitarists, I've always loved their solos, but I must say that I'm quite disappointed with their playing on this album... Tipton's solos have always been very memorable, but his solos on this album are not very memorable. A lot of the riffs aren't really incredible either... I mean, the album has a few great riffs, but the riffs are not what make the album good (the melodies are)... Oh well, to add some positive, a couple of the songs have very cool melodic (melodies, harmonies, ...) sections. Scott Travis is a great drummer and I guess that he's great on this album, but I don't know much about drumming... Ian Hill, well, he's Ian Hill. Last, but not least, the orchestration/keyboard/synth on this album is one of the best things about it! A lot of people think that Judas Priest and orchestration don't go together and maybe they're right, but without the orchestration/keyboard/synth, this album wouldn't be anywere near as good as it is. Its an epic album, it needs orchestration. Seriously, do you really expect an epic album to consist of guitar, bass and drums only?    What about the lyrics? Well, honestly, they aren't bad, but they aren't great either, they're quite cheesy, but lyrics have never been Priest's strong point. Personally, I don't really care about them... Yeah, I realize that the album is a concept album, but the music is great, so I don't really mind the lyrics.    So, overall, Nostradamus is a great album. Its obviously not Priest's best album, but, for me, its better than Rocka Rolla, the overrated British Steel, Point Of Entry, Turbo, Ram It Down, Jugulator, Demolition and Angel Of Retribution. Like I said earlier, its not a typical Priest album, its more epic than heavy, but who cares? Just accept that Priest tried something different. Listen to it with an open mind like I did, don't expect a second Painkiller.    Best songs (in no specific order): Prophecy, Revelations, Pestilence and Plague, Conquest and Alone.    Weakest songs: Visions and New Beginnings.
0143038419|5.0|As a certified life coach, I can attest to precisely how much growth, insight and self-development was achieved by Ms. Gilbert in the journey she documents in this marvelous book.  Of course, that self-awareness and discovery was begun years ago but it reached a pinnacle in India when she was able to feel fully surrounded by the love of her personal vision of God which was a beautiful and memorable experience.  The greatness of this book just continued further as she was able to journey to a place where she opened herself up to the possibility of loving another person.  Elizabeth Gilbert has learned the lesson that so many struggle with in their own lives and often never fully understand; in order to love someone else we must first learn what it is like to love ourselves.<br /><br />This book was a beautiful read.  The writing is fantastic and her insights are deep and thoughtful.  I admire and praise her for her ability to take a year to and for herself and to do what she needed to do during that year in order to rediscover her true identity and to cultivate her relationship with God and the spiritual side of life.  One can sit and stare at the problems of the external world endlessly, but it is not until we are able to cultivate salvation and solution within ourselves that we are truly able to begin to help others, or the world on the whole.  A journey like this took courage and conviction and I for one am thankful that Ms. Gilbert has both the courage and the conviction to undertake such a journey and the fantastic talent to be able to share it with the world.  I am grateful for this book and will read it many times.<br /><br />Thank you for writing it, it was a blessing to me.
0525950079|3.0|I recently finished Pillars of the Earth and immediately went out for this book. Had I not read POTE before this book would have been excellent. However, it clearly felt like a rehash. Most of the characters, as others have noted, felt like \\"lite\\" versions of characters from POTE. The only one that broke the mold was Gwenda.    One thing that was extraordinarily frustrating was the convenient ups and downs. The second any of the major protagonists had a good thing happen to them, there was the church or nobility to (sometimes literally) trample on them. And the reverse is true of the villains: they always get what they want without question and inflict misery upon their subjects. It got to the point where I was able to predict exactly what was going to happen the second the initial discovery occurred.     A character finds his freedom. Turn the page, and the character is being led back to his village with a rope around his neck. A villain is sentenced to death. Turn the page, and he's being pardoned and rewarded. A protagonist is going to get married to the man of her dreams. Turn the page, and she's being indicted for witchcraft and forced to become a nun. On one hand, conflict is an inescapable part of life. However, at the same time, you take a step back and realize you've got 600 more pages of the righteous getting stepped on and the villainous getting rewarded.    Also, just like Pillars of the Earth, each villain's end is never satisfying considering the decades of evil they've wrought upon the good people. Imagine if Adolf Hitler had survived WWII. After all that destruction - the holocaust, the war crimes, the devastation of Europe - would anyone be satisfied just seeing him hanged? No pain. No suffering. 1 second fine, the next, he's dead. With a villain like that, I want to see him suffer slowly, cognizant that he's been defeated and broken by those he felt were inferior.     That's how I felt about the villains here and in POTE. Their ends were too quickand clean. They met their end still thinking they were right, having never learned their lesson.     Above all, this book made me despise the Church. It really shows how gullible people can be led to believe anything. I'm not talking necessarily about faith in God, but in the constant theme throughout the book of clergymen using \\"God's will\\" for their own advancement. Every time the monks ran away from the plague and left the town to fend for themselves, they somehow managed to convince people that they were not blatant cowards. Every time a character developed a new medicinal treatment, the clergy would resort to ill-begotten traditional methods (Goat's dung? On an open wound?).     It really showed the Church for what it is: a man-made creation devised in God's name but destined to serve man's ambition.
1592533868|5.0|I am fairly new to the art of paper quilling and was not really very interested until I received this book.  Ms. Choi did a wonderful job in the explanation of techniques and methods in which to create wonderful projects with paper. This book has full color photos and complete illustrated sketches as well as instructions on how to create great projects.  I am very interested in making the square gift box on page 102 and was surprised to see that the author has given detailed instructions on how to create the box that the quilling will be placed on. (In most cases I am told to go to my nearest store to purchase a ready made box!)  She even has given embellishment tips.  Great job on a great book.  I will definately recommend this book to anyone out there who is interested in paper quilling.
B00189MH0I|1.0|I picked up this version because it is a cheaper \\"reissued, remastered\\" version of Little Richard's masterpiece, but this record is hands down the worst transition onto C.D. I have ever heard in my entire life. I wouldn't be surprised if the amateurs at Hallmark music & entertainment picked a cassette of 'Here's Little Richard' at a garage sale, set the equalizer to high across the board, and used a computer microphone to record it onto C.D. Do yourself a favor, stay far away from this horrendous version and buy the double album on Gold C.D. (well worth the extra cost) or rip this album from the internet as a torrent; either way you won't be disappointed.
B000002GJS|5.0|Though one of Bryan Adams' least known albums, I think it's one of his best.  Happy rockin'!
0452289963|4.0|Someone once said that the question, \\"Where are you?\\", can always be answered \\"Here.\\" And that the question, \\"What time is it?\\", can always be answered \\"Now.\\" Tolle knows that life takes on a different quality when we are not thinking about the past or worrying about the future. After all, between here and there, there is only here. OK, so when we pay attention to and bring our consciousness fully to bear on the situation at hand, then what? Tolle teaches us that we suffer because we want the world to be different than it is, and that we expect that the only way for us to be happy is for the world to be more like we want it to be. In other words, our suffering stems from our attachment to how we think things should unfold. Of course, the reality is that much of the time we get what we don't want and don't get what we do want. Tolle, much like a good therapist, wants us to learn to be less reactive to those situations. There is a lot of Zen inspired material. All in all, I think it's a very worthwhile read.
B00140PK6O|4.0|If you like period pieces like Pride and Prejudice, Emma or Sense and Sensibility, you should like this movie.
0767811070|1.0|Well everybody told me to watch this movie, so I did. I live in the Netherlands, Europe so you know. I have been to compton once by mistake and south-central by choice. So if you do not like my review blame it on the fact that I am European and I do not know what I am talking about.     The movie overall strikes me as totally non realistic with flying helicopters and firing smg's all the time. Sure it is not the best neighbourhood to live in, but come on it is not a warzone.     The story is told already like a thousand times. A good kid winds up in a bad neighbourhood. He almost goes on the criminal path but... rappapa big surprise surprise he does not he goes to college and so does his his girl. His friend also understand this choice after shooting 3 people in cold blood.     In all its to much over the top for me. I think the movie tries to be a drama but for me it is more like a parody on itsself. The key message being having a good parent the father in this case will avoid getting youre kid being a gangster. So this movie unwillingly blames the black community for their own gangsters. They try to blame it on \\"the man\\" in the part where his father takes his son to compton and explaines how the system works. Well you must be a complete moron to believe the theory that the system wants to get drugs to the afro american community so they can kill themselves. The point in all bad neighbourhoods is poverty and that little o so important message is being missed here! Such a shame.    Probably the white community in Beverly Hills is shocked by all the N, B, and H words and I can imagine them thinking \\"yeah this is really really realistic, o my gosh\\" Well if you want something realistic watch a documentary!      What anoys me the most is the afro-american hating cop, what is the chance of meeting one of those? Sure its the frustration of the producer which is forced upon us. But I really did not ask for him to do so. Also there is a lack of background about the individuals in this story, why did they turn out the way they did? Cant blame everything on the parents, that would be to easy.    I must say the acting is not that bad. But that is the only positive thing I can say about this movie.
B0013527I4|5.0|This is a must have to any Muppet collection! I've loved the muppets since they first came on the air in the 70's. Watching these shows brings me back to a time when life was not so hectic. The muppets humor is timeless so anyone of any age will enjoy the The Muppte Show.
B000ZOSMTW|3.0|From the looks of it, this is a foreign label re-issue of the \\"Two Against Nature\\" concert DVD from several years back.  No new footage, no new music, no reason to purchase it.  If you want this DVD I'd suggest you buy the original release instead.<br /><br />5-star concert but 3-star DVD release for it being a re-issue and a head fake.
0375842209|4.0|It's amazing that I still get surprised whenever I find myself crying over a story such as this (there's Number the Stars, and The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay, among others.) Yes, of course they're fiction...but the fact that their narratives elicit intense emotion says a lot on the horror that was the WWII (particularly the Holocaust), more than half a century from its occurrence. Even from someone with hardly any connection with Judaism (ancestral or cultural), it's actually very easy to feel abject sympathy and outright antipathy on the Jews' behalf. And, as a student of social science heralding senstivity for world cultures and peoples, I have to confess that it's quite difficult to stay unprejudiced about Germans.<br /><br />But like All Quiet on the Western Front, which centered on the First War, The Book Thief also sheds light on the plight of Germany and the Germans themselves as they succumb under that iron fist of the NASDAP. A lot of them were also victims of war. They have also lost loved ones, as well as experienced crippling fear. The most relevant insight in this novel is the power of words, the sway of ideas. If one can't be brought over by words alone, then they shall be made so by sheer physical force. One then can see that not all Germans fit the portrayal of that blond, blue-eyed stiff, with that distinct, clipped accent (sorry, I'm generalizing) who stands indifferent to the existence of concentration camps and the desecration of Jewish, Romani, and even homosexual peoples and ideologies.<br /><br />The Book Thief is, in a way, not that different from countless works done about WWII (nonfiction or otherwise, descriptive or propagandist). And yet, Zusak was still able to make his story thought-provoking. True, the blatant metaphorical prose of \\"Death\\" becomes a bit tiring after a while, what with all the reference to \\"colors\\" denoting a soul or the event of death. Also, the curtailing and foreshadowing of events, the shift from future to past to present events, clearly were not an original way of writing. However, the author, in my opinion, ably endeared the characters of Liesel, Hans Hubermann, Rudy, and Max. The tragedy that befell Himmel Street is exactly what it is--a tragedy (yes, despite the aforementioned foreshadowing, I still found myself blubbering by then). For me, the best parts of the novel were those that showed the depth of Hans' inner strength and compassion, both as a father and German in a growing Nazi Germany, and the depiction of Max's lyrical side as he finds succor and friendship for a Jew under a German roof. These two characters carry the weight of the story. I dare anyone not to be touched by them.<br /><br />For a story mostly focused on the viewpoint of a young girl and her antics as a book thief, this can hardly be considered a novel for children (unless one were to censor and paraphrase some parts). It deals with a heavy subject matter, and is even intermittently graphic. Despite the attempt by \\"Death\\" to make light and symbolic his travail as a collector of souls, his sporadic quips on the oddity and wonder of humans, this novel is grave at the least; depressing at most. Still...I highly recommend it.ent events, clearly were not an original way of writing. However, the author, in my opinion, ably endeared the characters of Liesel, Hans Hubermann, Rudy, and Max. The tragedy that befell Himmel Street is exactly what it is--a tragedy (yes, despite the aforementioned foreshadowing, I still found myself blubbering by then). For me, the best parts of the novel were those that showed the depth of Hans' inner strength and compassion, both as a father and German in a growing Nazi Germany, and the depiction of Max's lyrical side as he finds succor and friendship for a Jew under a German roof. These two characters carry the weight of the story. I dare anyone not to be touched by them.    For a story mostly focused on the viewpoint of a young girl and her antics as a book thief, this can hardly be considered a novel for children (unless one were to censor and paraphrase some parts). It deals with a heavy subject matter, and is even intermittently graphic. Despite the attempt by \\"Death\\" to make light and symbolic his travail as a collector of souls, his sporadic quips on the oddity and wonder of humans, this novel is grave at the least; depressing at most. Still...I highly recommend it.
B000IFS0HM|4.0|Frank McCourt chronicles the story of his life in the streets of Ireland, his family living a life of poverty and hard luck. Somehow, he is able to make what should be a bleak story uplifting with his wit, humor and straight-forward approach to telling a story. Sometimes he gives you TOO much of the story, things you would rather not have heard--but I guess this is because it is a memoir. There is a certain amount of haphazardness to his writings...there are many times where you have no clue where this is going. But, at other times, there is an effort to be sentimental about the few things he has in life, or the hope of better days ahead.     An interesting style McCourt uses to write the book, where he virtually uses no punctuation during the many dialogue scenes. He also has many, many run-on, wordy, and obtuse sentences that would probably have one of his master's in school up in arms. It took me awhile to get used to this \\"rambling\\" kind of style, and, as an English major, it almost had ME up in arms, but actually, after reading the book, the pace of book quickens because of this style. There was enough of a compelling and engaging story to care too much about punctuation, or lack thereof.     As far as content itself, McCourt's story was highly entertaining and somewhat touching. While the young Frank is at school, he meets one strict school master after another, and he deals with the peer pressure from some of his classmates. The young Frank tries to keep all of the disappointments and failures and embarrassments behind him by reminding himself that one day things will change for him in America. There are times when Frank goes to the library to escape the world, knowing that he can escape into a story: \\"It's lovely to know that the world can't interfere with the inside of your head.\\" Frank also experiences some time in the hospital with fever and eye problems, and in his first visit he meets Patricia, a girl who teaches him poetry. When he gets separated fromher for talking to her, it is one of Frank's saddest moments: \\"Nurses and nuns never think you know what they're talking about...You can't ask questions. You can't show you understand what the nurse said about Patricia Madigan, that she's going to die, and you can't show you want to cry over this girl who taught you a lovely poem which the nun says is bad.\\" Frank also deals with the trials of being in a family with an alcoholic father who rarely comes up, spends up the family's earnings, and some other dysfunctional relatives. He keeps hope that one day things will change for the better.     While the story is highly engaging, one thing that irked me was the abruptness of the ending. Without giving too much away, the memoir just seemingly ends without any deep moment or thought. The incident with Frank and the woman--- is that suppose to be some momentous or life-changing event? It seemed kind of stupid to end the book right there. It also made the book seem a little uneven; after all, here is Frank preaching about how he wants to help his family in the future, and then what does he go and do in the book's conclusion?     Criticism aside, this is an enjoyable read, which I honestly didn't think would be possible based on what I had heard about the story. McCourt is able to intertwine humor and heart-break in a way I've never seen done before.
B000WCBPOG|5.0|Truly amazing accomplishment.  This one movie seems to do what no other has accomplished, providing a glimpse into what the sixties were like for typical Americans.  Not Quadrophenia, nor Help, nor Harold & Maude, nor the Magic Christian, Woodstock the film, or any other film from the era has accomplished.  (please correct me if I'm wrong.)    I fell in love with this film immediately for its wild, inspired feel but I never knew the details of sixties events and yet I found the film intrigued me so much that it made me start looking into what the truth might be.  I thank the film for bringing alive a history that I'd always passed over.  Bono's character with the bus got me started.  I knew it wasn't just Magical Mystery Tour but thanks to Wikipedia it led me to the real magic bus belonging to Ken Kesey, the author of the Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test, and his cross-country trip in a bus named 'further,' allegedly to see the 1964 World's Fair in New York.  Along the way he made sure to turn on as many people as he possibly could, as acid was legal at the time.  His attempt to meet with Timothy Leary at his farm in Albany was unsuccessful, as Leary had just come off a 3-day trip and was in no condition to meet with him.  So Bono's character was somewhat accurate, as is Izzard's portrayal of Leary.    A second event was the explosion in the apartment of the war-protesting radicals, a true life event for the Weather Underground.  I'd never known about these events and likely never would have learned about them without this film.  So for me I can wholeheartedly recommend the film on many levels.  Not only for the direction, camerawork, script, artwork, acting, and music, but also for its ability to create a sense of curiousity where none ever existed before.  The music deserves special mention as these versions are able to make a person hear and feel the Beatle's music in entirely new ways, giving glimpses into perhaps what the songs may really have meant to the originalauthors.  I have a suspicion that if I were to look into what they intended their songs to mean I would find that someone has already researched this beforehand and used their inspiration for how the songs are staged in the movie. So the film may even be educational in the sense that a person can learn more about the music and the artists without having to read volumes of boring books that consist of interviews with their tailors.  For me the best scene is not even in the film.  The special edition has deleted scenes and out-takes, one of which is Izzard doing his entire take on For the Benefit of Mr. Kite outside the circus tent. I highly recommend the special edition due to this gem.
B000ZOXDFA|4.0|Elizabeth The Virgin Queen, who bet her own happiness in pursuit of her people, and knew to move the pieces of her Army and navy with notable intelligence is carved in relief once more in this mesmerizing film who allows us once more to admire Cate Blanchet one of the top ten actress all over the world, in this gripping and colossal movie, told with impeccable sobriety thanks to a dynamic and fluid script.<br /><br />With monumental stages and unforgettable landscapes, the film is not only a fest for your eyes but also an important reflection about political leadership in those hard times She was the decisive turning point who conveyed England to become the next Empire of the Western world, after the fall of Spain.<br /><br />Recommended without reserves.
0446402389|4.0|Imagine living in a place where love of country can easily get you killed by the people that are supposed to keep you well.  Paranoia during Stalin's Soviet Union is a good thing, keeping you consistenly aware of your surroundings. Leo Demidov understands this first hand as an MGB officer.  His job is to investigate any party that would contradict the State's ideology which declares that in a perfect society noone should assume anything could possibly ever be wrong with anything. Everything is perfect!  Say anything to the contrary and you will be held in suspicion of being a spy.  Your job is then to prove your innocence which is virtually impossible.  You will be killed to protect the State.  What is Leo to do when his conscience tells him a serial killer is on the loose and the victims the State says are responsible are simply scapegoats, arrested quickly to clearly illustrate what a great job the State is performing keeping everyone safe.    You must read this thriller.  What a great book. 4.5 stars.
0743496736|4.0|Jodi Picoult's novel about a New England high school shooting isn't the easiest story to follow. And, it's not because of the tragic plot.<br /><br />  In order to establish the characters' back stories, Picoult spends a lot of time jumping from past to present and from character to character in \\"Nineteen Minutes,\\" her fictional retelling of one horrific morning and its aftermath.<br /><br />  I finally identified all the relationships and knew where each person fit in the plot about half way through.<br /><br />  That difficulty aside, I believe this book should be read by every teacher, parent and grandparent on the planet. I believe it should be required reading in the classroom, too, as the novel addresses the tragic effects of bullying and peer pressure.  The book shines a light on the troubled lives of today's teenagers and their desperate struggle to fit in and to be cool and hip.<br /><br />  Peter Houghton has hated school since the first time he rode the bus in kindergarten. The bigger, more aggressive boys torment Peter by stealing his lunch box, smashing his glasses, tripping him and slamming him into his locker.<br /><br />  Josie Cormier will do anything to hang with the in-crowd. Although she and Peter were childhood friends, Josie abandons their relationship in favor of one with an egotistic, abusive - but popular - alpha-male named Matt.<br /><br />  After a particularly brutal incident in the school cafeteria, where Peter suffers the ultimate insult, he decides to get even.<br /><br />  He comes to school with two handguns, two rifles and plenty of ammunition, then opens fire.  At the end of his rampage, 10 people are dead. Nineteen are wounded. Security cameras capture the event, including the moment when Peter sits down and eats a bowl of cereal after he shoots several students in the cafeteria.<br /><br />  The immediate terror  ends when Patrick Ducharme, a member of the local police force, talks Peter into surrendering and takes his weapon.<br /><br />  \\"Everyone would remember Peter for 19 minutes of his life, but what about the other nine million?\\" asks Lacy, his mother.<br /><br />  The book covers more than just teen angst. The author follows the shattered lives of Peter's mother and father, who are still reeling from the loss of their favorite son Joey in a drunk driving accident about a year earlier.<br /><br />  Picoult also addresses the horror of Josie's mother, Judge Alex Cormier, as she heads to the school and finds that her daughter has survived, barely.<br /><br />  Josie suffers from the trauma and finds it difficult to put the pieces of her life back together.<br /><br />  Since the shootings take place near the beginning of the book, Picoult spends the rest of the story connecting the dots and working up to the book's \\"big twist\\" moment, although she telegraphed it so often I saw it coming from about about 100 pages out.<br /><br />  Despite its flaws, \\"Nineteen Minutes\\" is a stunning look into the dangerous world of today's young people. There are no easy answers to the issues they face, but we can't afford to stick our heads in the sand and say, \\"It won't happen here.\\"<br /><br />  The more we know what these kids face on a daily basis, the better prepared we'll be to help them and perhaps avoid the tragic consequences like those that play out in \\"Nineteen Minutes.\\"e would remember Peter for 19 minutes of his life, but what about the other nine million?\\" asks Lacy, his mother.       The book covers more than just teen angst. The author follows the shattered lives of Peter's mother and father, who are still reeling from the loss of their favorite son Joey in a drunk driving accident about a year earlier.       Picoult also addresses the horror of Josie's mother, Judge Alex Cormier, as she heads to the school and finds that her daughter has survived, barely.       Josie suffers from the trauma and finds it difficult to put the pieces of her life back together.       Since the shootings take place near the beginning of the book, Picoult spends the rest of the story connecting the dots and working up to the book's \\"big twist\\" moment, although she telegraphed it so often I saw it coming from about about 100 pages out.       Despite its flaws, \\"Nineteen Minutes\\" is a stunning look into the dangerous world of today's young people. There are no easy answers to the issues they face, but we can't afford to stick our heads in the sand and say, \\"It won't happen here.\\"       The more we know what these kids face on a daily basis, the better prepared we'll be to help them and perhaps avoid the tragic consequences like those that play out in \\"Nineteen Minutes.\\"
B000TNF7OC|4.0|Had it on LP, then a crappy sounding CD and now they finally did it right. Pick up all the expanded UFO records that are out now (Phenomenon, Force It and No Heavy Pettin). Obsession and Lights Out are coming soon! Not sure what they're doing about Strangers in the Night. If you don't own Strangers, stop reading this and get it now. You'll kick yourself for not having it sooner.<br /><br />Check out Mighty High...In Drug City.
0143058525|5.0|I loved this book (on CD).    I felt like I was along for the ride; walking through the streets of Italy or scrubbing a tile floor in the Ashram.    I don't know that I would have enjoyed the written word as much I enjoyed her narration of it.  She imparted feeling as she read it that might not have come across
B000002LHT|3.0|Can't remember if this was Dee Dee's last studio album with the Ramones or not, but he was crazier than usual at this point. Poor Dee Dee. I hope his soul is at rest. He had a hard life and deserves some peace.<br /><br />Anyway this record was produced by Bill Laswell and sounds better than most rock albums he produces. It's not a great album but has some good songs. I Believe In Miracles is one of their best. Pick this up if you already have all the classics and the incredible It's Alive DVD.<br /><br />Mighty High...In Drug City was recorded at the same studio as this! So was Iggy's Instinct and Herbie Hancock's Rockit!
B00008LDPU|5.0|Let me say straight out, I have never been a fan of the Matrix movies.  What started out as an obvious ripoff of John Woo films and Ghost in the Shell was drawn out into an unnecessary trilogy for purely financial reasons.  The Wachowski brothers are without a doubt two of the biggest hacks in Hollywood, just look at the failure of their Speed Racer adaptation.  However, the idea of the Animatrix was genius; take the premise of the Matrix, strip away all the useless martial arts attempts at action scenes and focus on the truly interesting part of these films, the story.  The centerpiece is without a doubt the finest; \\"The Second Renaissance\\".  This two-part story tells the most interesting piece of drama, the back story, and the dark depths to which this chapter goes show the true destructive nature of humanity.  If only the films had focused on the first war between humans and machines, we might not have had such horribly acted pretentious dribble.  Several of the other shorts are excellent as well. \\"Final Flight of the Osiris\\" demonstrates Square's perfection for human CGI animation (second only to Pixar), while Peter Chung takes his hyper-intelligent mold of anime to the extreme in \\"Matriculated\\".  What becomes clear to the viewer after time and repeated viewings, is these artists are infinitely more creative than the Wachowskis, who should have perhaps stayed as producers on the film trilogy, and handed over directorial control to someone more capable, and more competent.
B001ACY8D2|5.0|This is another great album from the greatest band in the world right now. I really love and enjoy every minuites in this album! You should listen to this album before you go to bed as they will start from the joyful songs and slow it down from track 5 to the last song to send you to sleep with a nice dream.
0446402389|5.0|In a totalitarian state, which does not recognise crimes that are not political in nature, how does one track and find a serial killer of children? That is the dilemma facing the protagonist of this extremely well-written and atmospheric novel, and it costs him, his wife and his family dearly. Despite demotion, exile to a remote part of Russia, and constant monitoring from Moscow, our hero must somehow convince others that such a monster exists, and that he needs help in getting to him, and killing him. (There's no sense in trying to \\"bring him to justice\\", because the state doesn't recognise him or his crimes). I found the action very fast paced, and the plot (with its twists) was so riveting it kept my attention. In addition to the plot, the book also gives the reader much insight into Stalist Russia, and the actions and attitudes of its people, both high officials and common folk. My one quibble was that the author felt compelled to insert a \\"feel good\\" ending into what is essentially a bleak and pessimistic book, but that's his prerogative. It didn't detract from my complete enjoyment of it.
B000WZAE1I|4.0|A world hidden from the world on our world, where magic has a life of its own and if that magic enters into our world it will become regular everyday items. Filled with stunning visuals, great performances, and filled with humor, action and adventure - this film is great for the whole family. Part Peter Pan, part Macbeth, and all Neil Gaiman enter into the world of Stardust.
B0014VPFTA|5.0|I thought the original release of this album was amazing!!!  Now they added this great song \\"Say\\" from the Bucket List and a bunch of live tracks which I thought were fabulous  I saw him live and he is truly awesome
B0013V33DG|5.0|WE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEE THIS PRODUCTION IN THE THEATRE SPONSORED BY THE MET AND FOUND IT DELIGHTFUL. THIS VERSION WAS A MUST FOR OUR LIBRARY. DESSAY AND THE ENTIRE CAST HAVE PUT A NEW TWIST ON THIS OLDER PLOT TO THE ABSOLUTE DELIGHT OF EVERYONE WHO HAS SEEN IT. EVEN THE OPERA NEWS MAGAZINE HAS GIVEN IT A TOTAL \\"THUMBS UP.\\"
B00004BZ16|4.0|I originally bought !Sandinista! as a 3 lp set when it was released.  I was 15 at the time and being a huge Clash fan more than a little confused and disappointed.  Like many people I believed that there was a great single album in the midst of all of the experimentation with different genres that the Clash were trying.  Boy was I wrong.      This isn't a brilliant album despite its sprawling, undisciplined ambition.  It's a brilliant album because of its sprawling, undisciplined ambition.  Trying to boil it down to one album would turn it into Combat Rock without the hits.  Take it for what it is, and thank the god of your choice that the Clash didn't try to do it any other way.      Rest in peace Joe.  We miss you.
B000007MVD|5.0|If you love The Beatles this is a must have for your Beatles collection.  The quality of the recording is very good.  I recommend purchasing the CD set!
B000K1P66W|5.0|This will be a very quick read, but kind of a book that you will want to keep close by as a reference.  It has simple four rules on how to live happy and full life: have impeccable words, do not take other people's comments made to you personally, do not assume and do the best that you can.  Writer explains breezily these four rules and how they can be applied in one's every day life.  One has to remember to be grateful for his life, one has to live in the moment and send his/her intentions to the world (intention being unconditional love).  This is a spiritual world but what is amazing is the simplicty of its wisdom and makes so much sense.  Book almost hypnotized me with its message and I highly recommend it to anyone to read.  It has one of the most beautiful references on life, God, death and faith.
B000VXLC3K|5.0|This is a great CD for fans. And, I got exactly what I ordered and in a timely fashion.
B0012Q732O|1.0|This was bad. I'm not talking fun bad (Showgirls), I'm talking baaaad bad. Roland Emmerich needs to be kept away from a camera. He makes Ed Wood look like Hitchcock.
B0009S5AEE|5.0|1) read Getting THings Done.  The knowledge inside this work has been so powerful it has even effected how I sleep; much better.  The information here is life changing but like most revivals it can be like thunder a loud exciting burst followed by stillness.  Read ahead----><br /><br />2) get Ready for Anything 52 Principles....  I read a chapter from this book everymorning, after listening to GTD, and it has helped me through the most difficult part; maintaining enough enthusiam and focus to make it a way of life.  The chapters are short to the point and filled with everyday, real life, easy to digest reminders on getting things done.<br /><br />The fire is still burning well after the storm.
0790729725|5.0|I'll admit that when I first saw `GoodFellas' I was less than impressed.  I didn't understand why so many hailed it as the best of Scorsese.  In fact, the first thirty minutes or so bored me to such an extent that I turned it off and went on the watch something else.<br /><br />I know now that I was an idiot.<br /><br />Martin Scorsese is known for his gritty gangster films (although I much prefer his films like `Taxi Driver' and `Raging Bull') and with that in mind one must come to an appreciation for `GoodFellas', which is in all honestly Scorsese's finest gangster film.  The opening sequence, with De Niro, Liotta and Pesci driving out into the woods with a body in the trunk of the car, is priceless; utterly priceless.  It classically captures the ruthlessness of these men in their aspirations of power, money and most of all, respect.<br /><br />`GoodFellas' tells the true story of Henry Hill, an Irish/Italian who rose up in the mafia ranks beginning in the 50's and carrying through to 1980 when he entered the witness protection program.  Beginning in his early teens, Hill desired so badly to be a gangster that he found himself running small errands for mob boss Paul Cicero, getting in his good graces.  By the time he was twenty-one Hill had made a good name for himself in the mob community and continued to make money for himself and for his boss, Paulie.  Hill meets and marries the beautiful Karen and begins to build a life for his newfound family that revolves around murder, extortion and drugs.<br /><br />But what goes up must come down.<br /><br />`GoodFellas' takes a little time to establish itself in the beginning (thus the reason that I wrote it off all those years ago when I first saw it) but once it finds its footing it takes off brilliantly.  I often see `GoodFellas' compared to `Casino', the large majority standing by `GoodFellas' as the superior film and yet a small yet sturdy group contesting that `Casino' is the finer film.  I used to belong to the `Casino' club, but after a recent viewing of both films I must conclude that `GoodFellas' is the stronger film in the end.  `Casino' is set up similarly yet it doesn't take as long to get into, and I think that's why I was initially on its side.  It flows from beginning to end without any low points but it also doesn't have really any major highs.  While `GoodFellas' gets off to a slow start, once it gets going it is flawless and its highs are enormously rewarding.<br /><br />The one facet of `GoodFellas' that is the strongest to me is the incredible performances by the entire cast, especially the four stars.  Ray Liotta delivers his finest performance to date as Henry Hill.  I am not a huge fan of Liotta, but his portrayal of wiseguy Hill is flawlessly accurate and dedicated.  He's matched by Robert De Niro who beautifully settles into supporting territory as Jimmy Conway.  It's nice to see a major star like De Niro allow another actor to take the limelight when you know that he could have easily devoured it for himself.  The two major standouts here are Joe Pesci and Lorraine Bracco though, two actors who come into their own in this film and deliver heartfelt and moving performances.  Pesci plays Tommy, the hotheaded gangster who often lets his anger override better judgment.  His performance is so natural and charismatic it feels as though he isn't even acting.  Bracco plays Karen, Hill's wife, and she does so with accurate and realistic intensity.  As she struggles to wrap her head around her husband's lifestyle, the drugs, money and women, she creates a woman who is understandable and sympathetic.<br /><br />Scorsese knows how to capture a mood, an era and most importantly, our interest.  He has delivered to us monumental classics and `GoodFellas' rests near the top as one of his finest contributions to American cinema.  `GoodFellas' is a smart and engaging film about the highs and lows of the gritty way of life, exposing the emotional and physical damage done to those that engage in this lifestyle.  If you find the opening scenes hard to get into I urge you to settle down, take a deep breath and wait it out, for once Scorsese hooks you he never lets you go.o those that engage in this lifestyle.  If you find the opening scenes hard to get into I urge you to settle down, take a deep breath and wait it out, for once Scorsese hooks you he never lets you go.
B0017I1FO4|4.0|Shinedown's debut album, 'Leave a Whisper,' was an extremely accomplished piece of hard rock musicianship.  It showcased the band's undeniable talent and ear for melody, and set them apart from the crowd of faceless mainstream musicians.    2005's 'Us and Them' was, at least in this reviewer's opinion, a mis-step.  It had no truly high-caliber material to match masterpieces such as \\"Fly from the Inside\\" and \\"45\\" from their first album.    Shinedown's latest, 'The Sound of Madness,' finds them at the height of their powers despite several personnel changes.  This is Shinedown at their absolute best.  'The Sound of Madness' is the very best Shinedown album yet, and indeed, one of the best albums to be released this year.    The album is full of hard-hitting songs that are heavier than anything the band has ever done (\\"Sound of Madness,\\" \\"Sin with a Grin,\\" \\"Cyanide Sweet Tooth Suicide\\") but also has a refreshing number of slower (but no less intense) ballads, including the beautiful \\"The Crow and the Butterfly,\\" \\"If You Only Knew,\\" and the stunning closer \\"Call Me.\\"  Shinedown have not only discovered the depths of their talents, but also their incredible versatility.    Shinedown have a winner on their hands here.
B0000VD04M|5.0|It's taken me a while, but I can finally agree that Johnny Depp is one of our finest working actors.  Now that I've been able to explore his earlier work I can truly understand why the world in general loves him so much.  I just remember back in 2003 when `Pirates of the Caribbean: Curse of the Black Pearl' was released and everyone started praising Johnny Depp as the greatest actor on the planet and he finally received his first Oscar nomination, and then the following year he did `Finding Neverland' and yet again the world went crazy and he got yet another nomination, and then he did `Sweeney Todd: the Demon Barber of Fleet Street' and regardless of the fact that his singing voice is below standard he garnered himself yet another Oscar nomination.  Looking at it all I thought to myself `really, this is who they love'?  Up until that point the only other films I had seen from Depp were some of Burton's less successful films like `Sleepy Hollow', none ever sporting a necessarily grand or impressive performance from Depp.  Yes, his creation of Jack Sparrow was iconic and deserved of the praise and admiration, and maybe even that Oscar nomination, but it alone should not have garnered him instant idolization.<br /><br />Then a few months ago I saw `Edward Scissorhands' and I was smitten with Johnny's performance.  There was this rawness about him, this genuine charm and appeal.  Then about a week ago I saw `Benny and Joon' and was blown away by Depp's depth of character.  Intrigued and stimulated I sought out more Depp, like `What's Eating Gilbert Grape' and yet again was left speechless at Depp's precision and grace.  Why was he not embraced for his earlier, grander performances?<br /><br />This brings me to `Ed Wood', the most recent Depp film I was able to get my hands on.  Quite honestly I feel that this may be not only Depp's grandest performance, but it may be his best film (and Burton's best respectively).  Telling the story of the most famous `bad' director in Tinseltown, `Ed Wood' chronicles the working life of Edward D. Wood Jr.; a cross-dressing director longing to follow in the footsteps of Orson Welles.  Wood longs to create films but he lacks the financial support.  His plays are critical flops and his ideas and methods are a bit strange and unconventional, but after a chance meeting with famed actor Bela Lugosi, Wood finally has an edge.<br /><br />Edward D. Wood Jr. has reached cult fame for his productions of `Plan 9 from Outer Space' and `Glen or Glenda' and both of those films are explored and recreated in this Burton classic.  Tim Burton and his cast really capture the spirit of 50's film; the finished product itself plays out almost like a 50's sitcom.  The performances by the entire cast are rich with charisma and charm, especially that of Depp and Landau.  Johnny Depp embodies Wood's deep-seated naivety and drive to succeed regardless of the costs.  He had a vision, and even if it was diluted with incompetence it was his vision and he was going to see it come to cultivation.  His character reminded me of a restrained version of his Willy Wonka character, or should I saw that Willy Wonka is a less controlled version of Ed Wood.  Landau blows everyone away here though, even Depp.  His portrayal of a washed up actor longing to be as loved as he once was is as heartbreaking as it is amusing.  Landau won that well deserved Oscar (I personally would have went with Samuel L. Jackson, but Landau is a very close second for me) and truly shines brightly in this very impressive film.<br /><br />The rest of the cast is magic as well, everyone from Sarah Jessica Parker to the always amazing Bill Murray to Jeffrey Jones and Patricia Arquette making an impression on the viewer.  There's even a neat little cameo by Vincent D'Onofrio (vocally dubbed of course) as Orson Welles towards the end of the film.<br /><br />Like Edward D. Wood Jr., Tim Burton has a vision, and what I appreciate about Burton is that he always staystrue to his vision.  Sure, his gothic type roots are not as prevalent in this picture as in `Edward Scissorhands' or `Sweeney Todd' but the air and spirit, his soul and drive are seen throughout this film.  This is Burton at his finest, for instead of relying on props and visuals he draws deeply from within himself to pay tribute to not only the worst director of all time but quite possibly of one the greatest inspirations for aspiring directors today.  Sure he was no Welles (one of the greatest cinematic minds of all time) but his story is inspiring, intriguing and extremely entertaining.hic type roots are not as prevalent in this picture as in `Edward Scissorhands' or `Sweeney Todd' but the air and spirit, his soul and drive are seen throughout this film.  This is Burton at his finest, for instead of relying on props and visuals he draws deeply from within himself to pay tribute to not only the worst director of all time but quite possibly of one the greatest inspirations for aspiring directors today.  Sure he was no Welles (one of the greatest cinematic minds of all time) but his story is inspiring, intriguing and extremely entertaining.
1582701709|1.0|Our desires go out to the universe?  I wonder if they hear them on the frozen planets in our own solar system? (Come in Pluto, I'd like a new Beemer, do you read me?) Do they hear them in the gaseous wastes of another galaxy?  If we are mentally concentrating on said BMW in England, do those who only speak Tamil resonate with our desire?    This claptrap comes out of the Dhammapada's first lines, if we like our Eastern con-men, and from New Thought types like Wattle and Haanel with their Science of Getting Rich and The Master Key.  It is made more dramatic, more glossy, in The Secret.    But you dress up a jackass in a tuxedo, and you still have a jackass.  The point is all of those people in the Twin Towers on 9/11/01 weren't visualizing a fiery explosive death for themselves, weren't desiring being forced out a hundred stories and splattered on a sidewalk.  Probably many of them were thinking positive, and desiring with all of their hearts and minds glowing futures for themselves, instead of burning destruction.  If it's science, if it's a law, than it works all the time. Apparently, historically, it hasn't worked all the time--this secret.  If we become what we think, does that mean a person with delusions of grandeur might actually be Napoleon?  If a hebephrenic thinks his knees are made of mayonaisse, should we spread them on a sandwich?  The universe is vast. This planet is tiny.  The universe that we can detect is downright hostile to human life.  It doesn't care.  That's the real secret.  Want to read a good success book? Try Marcinko's Success Secrets of the Rogue Warrior.
B000B8QG0O|5.0|Yea, I have been wanting Toy Story 2 and now found it for a great price here on Amazon.
B000NA1OXY|3.0|I don't know what happened to Avril over these last couple of years other than her marriage, but whatever happened turned her straight into an radio pop princess.    This album, sadly, has 11 ultimately forgettable tracks and 1 good one (\\"Innocence\\"). While I admit that the pop tracks are decent enough to be catchy and get me moving (hence 3 stars instead of less), fact of the matter is Avril is now making pretty princess egotistical pop music for the tweens and early teens out there; if it wasn't for the sheer amount of needless vulgarity in some of the tracks, this is the kind of album I'd see played on Disney Channel. Frankly, after several listens to this album, if I had a stepdaughter instead of a stepson, I wouldn't want her listening to this tripe, egotistical \\"I'm a princess and I get what I want because I'm a girl\\" music.    Every time I hear 'Girlfriend', 'The Best Damn Thing', and 'Hot' there are two things that pop into my mind: 1. \\"Hey Mickey, you're so fine..\\" and 2. I see that scene in the original 'Bring It On' where Kirsten Dunst is dancing around her bedroom listening to her soon to be boyfriend's song. That really shows Avril's new target audience. I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing, but it's not what got Avril where she is. (For the record, Avril's NEVER been punk, and every time that label is applied to bands like Avril, I hear Sid Vicious turning just a little more in his grave.)    If there's any doubt that she's fully embraced the pop spectrum, just watch videos of the tour for this album. Fully choreographed dancers? Seriously?     So, thank you Avril, for making an album that will sit at the end of my case with Toni Basil and your fellow \\"pop-punk\\" friends Blink-182 where the CD will be ultimately forgotten. If this is the direction Avril intends on going, I'm glad it's sooner rather than later because now I know another artist to steer clear of.
B0017U7PT6|5.0|I have read some negative buzz about this film, but believe most of it is unwarranted. Sure the movie is not realistic, and the actors speak in English. So what? The action is intense and the CGI scenes are very well done. A very nice action filled ride that will please fans of the genre. The excellent PQ is an added bonus to the outstandind visuals. Highly recommend this film!
B000YAA68C|5.0|You'll laugh, you'll cry.. Mainly, you'll cry! Get your girlfriends together, grab a box of Kleenex, and be swept away in this lovely story of a love so strong, death couldn't stop it.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Simply put, this is a broken template that lies shattered on the floor and a music lover could not ask for more.  At the first listen, I believe the \\"die hard\\" commercialized fan is going to choke on the sound emanating from their speakers and declare this a mishap on Coldplay's part.  It is very refreshing to hear sound/ music that is artistic and moving in a direction that only a few artists are able to achieve.     I had been a casual fan of Coldplay until now.  This is the first album they have released that is both muscially enjoyable and artistic.  I am very pleased to see these boys take a risk and pull it off so elegantly.  It would behoove you not to purchase this fine music.      It is also an album that if you listen to it quietly you will miss the \\"gist\\" of it.  Play it LOUD!  Your senses will thank you.    S.
B0017I1FO4|5.0|After \\"Us and Them\\", i kind of strayed away from Shinedown. I thought they were too mainstream, but after \\"Sound of Madness\\", my faith is fully restored.          On this album they have finally remastered their sound, and given a story to each song. I am shocked to say that this album is even better than \\"Leave a Whisper\\" and will probably be very hard to top.
B000OVLBIU|1.0|First of all I wanted to say that Ghost Rider has always been my favorite Marvel Character.  I used to carry a ghost rider trading card in my wallet.      That said, i thought this movie was absolutly horrendous.  I find it hard to watch nicholas cage movies any more, with Raising Arizona being an exception.  Here are just a few reasons why this movie is so terrible:    1. The character developement was next to non existent.    2. The special effects were cheesy. The Bike looked cool, but thats about it.    3. The dialogue was laughable.    4. The fighting scenes, if you can call them that were short, and despite them being so quick, they were very dull.    5. The villians were lame, looked stupid, had some of the worst expressions on their faces, 30 days of night bad, and died like chumps.   6. The acting was really bad.  I don't think the lame dialogue helped the acting, nor the stiff delivery help the dialogue.      I wish I could say something good about this movie.  I guess Eva Mendez is nice to look at.  One of my least favorite movies of all time.
B000MCIBB6|5.0|An excellent mix of original tracks plus vocals and instuments that were left out of the record ~ It's mystical ~ morrocan ~ spanish ~ rock ~ and poetry ~ the Doors at their best.
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|\\"Viva la Vida\\" is great! Now, I am not a huge Coldplay fan, the only other album of thiers I own is \\"Rush of Blood...\\", which I like, but I have to be in a mood for. I rarely listen to it.     I have listened to \\"Viva la Vida\\" more times in the past few days then I probely have listened to the other album since I bought it.     Its wonderful really from beginning to end. I love Lost! and the title tracks the best so far.     This album proves top 40 music can be good once in awhile.:)
0307386171|5.0|Some 46 years ago (good Lord, I was alive then), we spoke so little about sex and ardor.  Ian McEwan chooses this time to open up what is little more than an elongated story about lost love.  Like much of his writing, \\"On Chesil Beach\\" brings us to a turning point... as one reviewer characterized it, a defining moment, upon which two lives turn.<br /><br />In an awkward, painful pastiche of two young people on their honeymoon, McEwan takes the reader through the same experience from two different viewpoints.  The span time of the core story is about three hours, and in those three hours, in this short vignette which starts with love and hope and ends with pain and hopelessness, McEwan once more, and beautifully, changes the way we think about sexuality.  And because he needs so few words, and so little time to plant the seeds of \\"what might have been?\\" in the reader's mind, there is only one way to define this tale... it is masterful.<br /><br />And painful.  Keep that in mind if you decide to read it.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|I was looking to find out in those Mega stores all the seasons from Sex and the City, but I always found the recent ones. I finally got with you the hole series in an excellent binder, at an attractive price. Delivery to Puerto Rico was also excellent.
B0013527I4|4.0|Season Three of the Muppet Show brought the same great reproduction of the original shows.  One thing I missed from Season Two and Three that was part of Season One was the ability to turn on pop up trivia about the characters, the guest stars, or micellaneous facts about things that we happening on stage.  Season Three includes a pre-PBS special on the creation of puppets and Muppets and gives everyone great insight into what goes into making a Muppet and how they are worked.
B000006MV8|5.0|Awesome CD!!!  Rave reviews; I recommend this for anyone who truly has a soul!
B00139W3NE|3.0|Perhaps with all the hype I went into this movie expecting too much.  Also, the basic premise of a modern alternate-world fantasy intrigued me.  My expectations were not met.<br /><br />The characters are not poorly portrayed, but neither are they particularly interesting.  The \\"surprise\\" of Lyra's heritage is groaningly cliche.  The biggest groans, however, came at the introduction of each main character.  The camera work and dialogue at these moments made me feel as if a big \\"Ta-Da!\\" should have erupted at the introduction of each character.<br /><br />I never really got into the plot, and having not read the book until after, I spent a bit of the movie going \\"wha?\\" (I was too confused to make a proper \\"what\\")  The movie is quite loyal to the book and deviates only in places where a movie should deviate.  The effects are decent although the bears are a bit...blocky.  It is, however, an alternate world.  Perhaps they just have blocky bears there, who am I to say?
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|Ok, let me get this out of the way from the get-go. I really like Coldplay. There I said it. More importantly in terms of this record, I should also admit to my vast fondness for U2, there, I said that. Now that we have that in the open, it's no secret that Coldplay harbor some U2-ish aspirations in records past. Nothing wrong with that. I even remember seeing the Vertigo tour in Chicago and right before Bono and company took the stage, the stereo started blasting Coldplay's `Clocks' and a spotlight pointed out that Mr. Martin was in one of the skyboxes (apparently taking a note or two). The most amazing thing was the crowd's reaction, the 20,000 sang `Clocks' like it was one of Bono's own. It was a true passing of the big band torch moment, unfortunately, that torch is quite heavy, especially when the U2 really have no intention of giving it up completely. Then came Coldplay's somewhat maligned and tepidly received X and Y. While it has some great moments on it (Fix You, What If), the predictable, soft-hard-soft-hard-soft track listing hurt the overall appeal of the record and it just hasn't aged very well. Enter uber-producer (and U2 main button pusher) Brian Eno.    Eno and Coldplay immediately address the weaker points (production and track listing) of X and Y on their newest release, the strangely titled: `Viva La Vida or Death and All His Friends'. The initial results are fantastic, the track listing is very narrative and logical and the production via the ethereal Eno, acts like little sonic band-aids in all the right places. Right away listeners will notice the atmospheric touches from Eno. Acting like the band's 5th member, he adds beautiful soundscapes that add texture and layers, giving the songs tons of depth and dynamics. The record takes a while to get going, sure: the electro-instrumental opener `Life In Technicolor' sounds like something from James' Wah Wah sessions (also Eno) and seems a tad unnecessary until it gets book ended as the albums final track. The first few tracks build on each other - with Chris Martin's voice giving a ghostly play by play, it's all quite surreal, but equally enjoyable. Viva really hits it's stride though when `Lost' starts up, church organs, handclap rhythms, and a stronger vocal from Martin. Then we get the amazing 42, a very classic sound  la `Trouble' with Martin plucking the ivories and playing his best balladeer. Then just as you settle in, it oddly breaks into a rock stomper, somewhat new territory for this band. 42 has a structure that some will say is aped from Radiohead's `Paranoid Android', and that may be somewhat true, but it all works in Coldplay's own little world. The rest of the middle session of the record is equal parts familiar, and parts where Eno has really pushed what he can do with the band at hand. There is rarely a weak moment. Lyrically sound, Martin's voice is given the spotlight when needed, and other times background voices and choirs become more apparent, again more Eno magic.'Yes' is one the track that delivers on the band's promise of some middle eastern influences, albeit slight, they are definintely there. `Yes' ends up being another amazing song, it's simply Coldplay being Coldplay, a formula that's been a pretty good one to date. Now to the obvious, with Eno behind the wheel, and stadium rock and Coldplay already comfy bed-fellows, Viva was bound to have some typical U2 moments on it. The most blatant of which, are the Josuha Tree friendly, `Lovers in Japan', and the riveting `Chinese Sleep Chant'. Both are bound to be big hits in those massive arenas in the near future. Despite all the Edge-isms, the end result is a combo of tracks perfectly executed in all areas for this band and this album.    By the time we get to the itunes advert, and title track, the album gets even stronger. The title song is indeed a great single, and carries the rag-tag revolutionary theme of the record on its shoulders without problem. Viva pours directly into Violent Hill's gospel blues and ends with another tender moment of Coldplay of old, namely Martin and his piano. Strawberry Swing gives a little break from all the hub-bub of the stadium filling fare, and does so with compelling results. The finally act of Death and All His Friends expands on Chris' introspective piano intro with Buckland's guitar echoing in church-like rhythm until the song grows into this uplifting vocal chant. Moment later it morphs into the afformentioned instrumental from the opener, this time with lyrics. When Martin sings the final chapter, \\"in the end we lie awake and dream of making our escape\\", it's a somewhat chilling and effective bookend to a great sonic landscape.    Coldplay have perfectly placed themselves near the top of the new rock order with Viva La Vida, and while this is very much Eno's record, it still is undoubtably Coldplay. Together the two artists have stretched themselves a bit, not only in songwriting and production, but in ambition and accomplishment.
B0013V33DG|5.0|This is a great production with beautiful singing and great humor. The more recent Met's version has the advantage of \\"tweaking\\" and refining a year later, to raise the standard to amazingly ingenious ie., choreographing the laundry in the scenery in the background, and refining and embellishing the acting/singing of the characters.  Natalie Dessay is a delight on all levels.  She integrates the music, singing, and characterization with the comic genious of a Lucille Ball or Charlie Chaplin.
B000RPTQ1C|2.0|I've listened to this album several times and I honestly cannot even remember which songs are which. Maybe I'm the one that's missing the mark but these songs are just overall very forgettable. All it has done for me is make me want to pull out A Rush of Blood to the Head.     I bought this album because I knew it was Coldplay, a very talented band notorious for staying within very rigid audio boundaries which has worked for them quite effectively, branching out and doing some experimenting. Now granted I wasn't expecting the type of leap Radiohead made from Pablo Honey to OK Computer, but the additions of an organ and some orchestration kind of seemed like things they should have done or could have done previously on other albums. It felt more like dressed up songs that got cut from the last three albums.     On the upside, I didn't hate this album. In the last week I have had it playing in my car, it made for some nice relaxing background music. I am going to continue listening to it and see if it grows on me but I am also pretty sure it won't grow much.
1932907009|5.0|This is the book I've been waiting for! Every other screenwriting book basically says the same thing. They drive home the concept of the 3-Act structure. The problem is that all the great movies share this structure but so do all the mediocre ones. You can follow that structure to the letter and it will have absolutely no impact on whether or not your script is good. It's like saying if you want to write a hit song use this structure: verse, chorus, verse, bridge, chorus, chorus. Well, many great songs follow that structure but so do many bad ones.    I want someone to tell me what all the *great screenplays* have in common, not just what all *screenplays* have in common! Blake Snyder has finally figured that out and it's in his Beat Sheet. He flat-out tells you that you need certain types of scenes in certain spots to have the most impact with the audience.    The other thing I love about the book is that he's really the first author on the subject to acknowledge that different rules apply to different genres. Other screenwriting books treat all movies the same. When they use the word \\"screenplay\\" they really mean \\"serious drama\\". What if you want to write a big broad comedy or an edgy horror film? The rules are clearly different. Blake has laid out the parameters for all the key archetypal categories that most films fall into.    The last thing I love about this book is the emphasis on the logline. All of us amateur writers have to have great loglines if we want to get the script read by someone. You can have a great screenplay but if the logline stinks no one will agree to read it. This book helps you build a one-two punch with your logline and title.    Buy this book!
B00139W3NE|4.0|What more can I say... The marketing and commercial spots did not do this movie justice...
0375424474|3.0|Overall, I enjoyed this book and learned a lot. It was really fun to see the INCREDIBLE similarities between all living things that explain why we are built the way we are. Shubin did an OUTSTANDING job explaining things in way everybody can understand. The thing I think could have been better -- Shubin tells his own story quite a bit, especially in the first half (\\"I was a graduate student and I believed...\\" or \\"I used to go to attend such and such...\\"). I totally understand why he did this; sometimes telling the personal journey makes the information more interesting. But to be completely frank, it doesn't work for this book; his story is kinda long and boring, and I just wanted him to get to the real information. The book is short anyways, and I would have much preferred that he shave his personal story to 10% of its present size and instead put more on-topic information into the book. Nevertheless, definitely worth a read.
B0017JKEL8|5.0|The best show on TV.  Terrific acting.  Top shelf writing.  An original concept delivered with consummate skill.
B0014XCMVM|4.0|Overall, I thought this was a very good album. I was hoping for a sound more like Alanis's \\"Jagged Little Pill\\" days (I STILL listen to those songs over and over) but this was much different. Different isn't always a bad thing and this album definitely demonstrated that. I felt it was a very emotional, heartfelt album. If you weren't familiar with Alanis Morissette before, you can kind of get a feel for some of her personal conflicts & emotions here. I felt that she really expressed herself well and compiled a very good album! Alanis rocks! :)
B0013FXWX8|5.0|I enter this movie with one question:  Was Jack Black born to play the voice of Po, or was he merely groomed to play it?   I wouldn't be surprised if the whole movie were centered with him in mind.  `Kung Fu Panda' is another Dreamworks' production, one that employs or improves admirable animation tricks--giving the film the vitality of a free-flowing digital puppet show.  A visual delight, the film has the innovation of `[[ASIN:B000UFIYP8 Surf's Up (Full Screen Special Edition)]]' combined with the entertainment value of `[[ASIN:B000VBJEEG Ratatouille]]'.  Sent mostly on the fast track, the film has a good ol' witty time matched with artful adventure.    Literally and figuratively, Po (Black) dreams of becoming a Kung Fu master.  He's a chubby Panda bear who has more passion for eating than making the food at his family's noodle restaurant.  As he's humoring his stork father, a crisis develops in the village:  A prophecy states Tai Lung (Ian McShane), a dragon more aptly described as a snow leopard with pouncing Kung Fu proficiency will escape Chorgum Prison. The town converges on Jade Square, the center of The Valley of Peace where holy wise tortoise, Master Oogway (Randall Duk Kim), will announce the chosen Dragon Warrior.  Clumsily, Po propels himself in the center where Oogway, pointing at Tigress has his finger on the panda instead.    All the voices are right on.  Jack Black as already mentioned makes all the \\"That's cool,\\" aphorisms work through his own hapless character.  Happily his lines lack the hyperactivity of Po's training or Black's own character past.  (\\"I know you're being all mystical and Kung Fu-ooey,\\" he chortles.)  Hardly discernible is Dustin Hoffman, perfectly cast as the quiet curmudgeon master trainer, Shifu (Chief-u).  Some of the funniest scenes go along with Po's training.  \\"There is now a level zero!\\" he proclaims after Po's first session.  There's also an acupuncture scene that makes a point of Po's ridiculous novice status.  Flankinghim are the furious five, including Lucy Liu (a viper), Seth Rogen (a preying mantis), Jackie Chan (monkey), David Cross (a crane) and Angelina Jolie (Tigress), each brings a certain perfection to their parts.  They're all Shifu's prodigies, and each sport some superhero Kung Fu moves as well as resentful remarks for their new dragon slayer trainee.    Adding fortune cookie wisdom to the mix both illuminates and entertains.  (\\"One takes one's destiny on the road to avoid it.\\" and \\"There's no such thing as an accident.\\"  Now I may be all wrong, but I thought Freud said that one.)  Everyone from director Jack Stevenson to editor Clare Knight deserve kudos for assembling such a fine feature.  Containing a well done script, shaking up the animation formula, and mixing funny with fabulous action scenes, 'Kung Fu Panda' may be the one to beat in the animation category when it comes to Oscar time.
0316926345|4.0|This is an interesting and at times an entertaining novel of 1900s England.  It appears to be somewhat autobiographical.  The plot line centers around an aristocratic Catholic family in England.  The readers follow the interactions of the narrator with Sebastian Flyte, his sister Julia Flyte, and others.  A significant sub-plot is the struggles of flawed humans in various stages of faith.  It is a very subtle presentation of the Catholic faith and just belief in God in general.  This may not be for everyone, but fans of modern English literature will most likely enjoy it.
B000VUFJ4Q|5.0|Got this CD for my daughters. They love it. My son likes it as well. This young lady is a true natural talent.
159562015X|2.0|Unless this is a corporate requirement, you shouldn't buy. The book is only valuable in obtaining code necessary to take on-line questionnaire. The on-line information is much more complete than anything in the book. A better solution would be for Gallup to offer on-line registration (they may already, but it is not apparent on the WEB site)
B000HIVO64|2.0|I suppose if you are a beck junkie than this is a must have but seriously,<br /><br />this album is just another dissapointment from beck along with sea change.
0312330537|5.0|Nothing like feeling you are a part of the intention of the author. As Roberts takes us into the passages of his human experience you can't keep from learning a little more about how all our interactions affect each other. I felt his message strong and clear.
B00132D808|4.0|Let's face it, pop rock has been driven to extinction by a fickle public, pretentious critics and formumatic recordings. Sure, some bands are better than others, and while it might not be all original, at least it's fun. Panic at the Disco on the other hand is not going out without a fight. After their wretchedly unoriginal terrible debut which stole from every major trend around the scene, and like Coldplay, PATD has revolutionized their sound, and brings breaths of amazingly fresh air in a suffocating music world.<br /><br />Pretty. Odd. is a whopping 15 tracks long, a good four of five which could have easily been cut so I could give the album a 4.5. Alas, tracks 11, 13 and 14 bog the album down, while 10 and 15 are just plain weak to the core. At this point, we're down to ten good-amazing tracks.<br /><br />\\"We're So Starving\\" is an intro track which some could do without, but I'm used to so many bands doing it, it doesn't bother me at all, and the music isn't half-bad. \\"Nine In The Afternoon\\" is an amazingly strong track that just beams with sunshine and rays, setting the tone for the album. \\"She's A Handsome Woman\\" has an amazingly strong chorus, while the verses leave something to be desired. \\"Do You Know What I'm Seeing?\\" is a Broadway type song that slowly builds from a dreary track, to an almost cheery catchy type song, but it still feels like a Broadway showtune.<br /><br />\\"Things Have Changed\\" is an excellent choice for the second single, with it's pep, cheer and catchy tune. The song is also magnificently constructed. While the chorus sounds like something out of an 80's sitcom theme, the verses really come on strong, and carry a great beat to them. \\"I Have Friends In Holy Spaces\\" is a short track that only kept my attention because of its interesting 20's or 30's like melody. Maybe it's the horn...<br /><br />\\"Northern Downpour\\" is a slower song taking a page from a Beatles song like \\"Day In The Life,\\" while the chorus could be mistaken for a slightly more upbeat version of \\"Hey Jude.\\" Yes, I can see how everybody compares this album to The Beatles, but really, it's mostly their own thing here. The Beatle just are an influence, which every band has. Some just show it more than others.<br /><br />Then we come to the surprise highlight that is \\"When The Day Met The Night.\\" It's an almost epic track that uses day, night, moon, sun, as boy and girl meeting and summer love. The verses are great, and the chorus is just flat-out catchy, bright, sunny, happy, and amazing. It only gets better from there. It's the perfect summer song, and PATD's best track by a good margin. I mean, isn't it great to have such glorious happiness in our music? Being alive gives cause to celebrate!!!<br /><br />\\"Pas De Cheval\\" is French for something, and it's probably shockingly short, which this track is. The beat is upbeat, and peppy like the rest of the album. The verses cause you to skip and hop, while the chorus just causes you to rock out. Finally on our dream Pretty. Odd. album is \\"Folkin' Around,\\" which of course is a bluegrass/folk song, complete with a fiddle and everything. Now I ask, how many tracks do you hear like this in the pop rock genre today? The answer is none.<br /><br />Overall, while the album could use a bit more editing, it's great to have an group like PATD that isn't afraid to change from their old dark ways, to new and happy pastures. Sure, cynics will cringe at the album, shunning it and cursing all the way home. But in-between all the songs about broken relationships, unfaithful lovers, prostitutes, lesbian lovers, and everything about girls and boys, it's nice to have this. Whatever this is. I would call it a toned down version of the Polyphonic Spree, which is by far the happiest group in the world.<br /><br />Buy it for summer, buy it to get out of a depression, buy it to just bring a smile to your face. That right there is definitely worth the price of admission.e.\\" Yes, I can see how everybody compares this album to The Beatles, but really, it's mostly their own thing here. The Beatle just are an influence, which every band has. Some just show it more than others.    Then we come to the surprise highlight that is \\"When The Day Met The Night.\\" It's an almost epic track that uses day, night, moon, sun, as boy and girl meeting and summer love. The verses are great, and the chorus is just flat-out catchy, bright, sunny, happy, and amazing. It only gets better from there. It's the perfect summer song, and PATD's best track by a good margin. I mean, isn't it great to have such glorious happiness in our music? Being alive gives cause to celebrate!!!    \\"Pas De Cheval\\" is French for something, and it's probably shockingly short, which this track is. The beat is upbeat, and peppy like the rest of the album. The verses cause you to skip and hop, while the chorus just causes you to rock out. Finally on our dream Pretty. Odd. album is \\"Folkin' Around,\\" which of course is a bluegrass/folk song, complete with a fiddle and everything. Now I ask, how many tracks do you hear like this in the pop rock genre today? The answer is none.    Overall, while the album could use a bit more editing, it's great to have an group like PATD that isn't afraid to change from their old dark ways, to new and happy pastures. Sure, cynics will cringe at the album, shunning it and cursing all the way home. But in-between all the songs about broken relationships, unfaithful lovers, prostitutes, lesbian lovers, and everything about girls and boys, it's nice to have this. Whatever this is. I would call it a toned down version of the Polyphonic Spree, which is by far the happiest group in the world.    Buy it for summer, buy it to get out of a depression, buy it to just bring a smile to your face. That right there is definitely worth the price of admission.
0316143472|5.0|I had just gotten back from a weekend spent in hippie-town, doing the massage thing.  I picked up this book and was relieved that something so wrong could be so right.  I spent the next few days picking the book up when I could.<br /><br />David Sedaris can have the \\"dark humor\\" moments, but there are also quite a few times where I'm really struck by his kind side.
B000ZLFALI|5.0|***** 2007. Written and directed by Julie Taymor. An Academy award and a Golden Globe nomination. The 60's seen through the songs of the Beatles. A unique vision developed by one of the most interesting directors of our time. I was already enthused a few years ago by [[ASIN:B00005JLPK Frida]] and the way Julie Taymor managed to give life to some of Frida Kahlo's paintings, now I can't but praise this film. The screenplay is uttermost smart, the actors perfect and Julie Taymor a director one has to count with. Masterpiece.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|I have to agree with some of the others who gave this album a high rating because I, like them, am very open minded & when I listen to this newest Priest offering I am VERY impressed! Let me just get straight to the point & say, YES this is MUCH different from any album the band has recorded before, HOWEVER, it still has enough of the trademarks to keep it familiar to BIG Priest fans. The best way I can describe 'Nostradamus' is that it brings back the \\"classic\\" side of Priest mixed with elements of progressive/power metal bands today. So better yet, if you like power metal & hard rock music, then picture the 2 put together in the perfect formula & you have an awesome album such as 'Nostradamus!' Honestly, I don't even care for Priest's early, early albums yet I love this newest album which has some of the sounds from those albums but because it's heavy, dark, eerie, mysterious, beautiful & just well produced, it's enough to hook me in! PLEASE Priest fans & any fans of almost any metal/ hard rock music in general, GIVE THIS ALBUM A LISTEN!!! 'Nostradamus' sounds like a classic album even if Priest never made one before or after!
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|Singer Peter Gabriel once was asked what makes a great song. He replied \\"a great song is something that makes you think, it makes you feel, and if you're lucky, makes you move\\". Chris Martin and Coldplay managed to get two out of three correct.<br /><br />Coldplay has an ability to put so much emotion into their lyrics that it seems as if each of their songs has lives of their own. Because of this ability, it is ironic that their fourth album is called \\"Viva La Vida (Live the life)\\". Critics have said that this album is a departure from their Rock-Pop sound. I don't believe that this is a departure, Coldplay has just grown. Some artists such as U2, and Rush have experimented by changing their styles so that they would not get old and boring. Coldplay's new album sounds as if Chris Martin has been eating his Wheaties. While it is not as good as a \\"Sudden Rush...\\", \\"Viva La Vida\\" has a much more mature quality. Perhaps it is because they enlisted modern-synthpop composer/producer Brian Eno, or maybe they experimented with a Spanish flamenco rhythm (\\"Cemeteries of London\\"). Whatever it is, while Coldplay has grown mentally, their ability to snatch a persons soul hasn't changed.
B00132D808|5.0|Really is a great album. It is very different from their last album, but in a new and interesting way. After listening to it repeatedly, 4-5 of the songs strongly remind me of the Beatles. Overall a good album and definitely worth the money.
0345501292|5.0|For any fan of the \\"Indy\\" film series, this is the ultimate book... While it does contain information we all may have heard or seen in archival footage or interviews on the two recent DVD releases, it also contains an abundant amount of new insight and some really great photographs straight out of the Lucasfilm Archives!    If you hated the new film, you can skip the last chapter, but it is also an insightful read - It also shows, and explains, in great detail how virtually every BAD idea associated with the series can be attributed to Lucas... who miraculously seems to win arguments with Spielberg just by wearing him down over time. While the book is never critical of Lucas, it nevertheless paints a less than flattering picture of him... It's odd that he let certain things come to light.    Anyway. This is the ultimate book for any hardcore \\"Indy\\" fan - a must buy.
B0000062Y2|5.0|I hadn't heard or even thought of \\"Jesus Christ Superstar\\" for a long time, but came across the film on cable and watched it out of curiosity. By the end of the first song, I was hooked (again).  I'd forgotten how good it was.  I'll review the movie separately under the item listing for the DVD, but I will report that I ended up watching it repeatedly (HD cable on demand allowed me to watch it at my convenience).  It actually seemed to get better with each successive viewing, and so did the soundtrack. Both the music and the film have held up extremely well considering how old they are.  In fact, I think that JCS is Andrew Lloyd Webber's very best work and while I have enjoyed \\"Phantom of the Opera\\", it's not as good.<br /><br />Since the only recording I had was on LP and packed away in a box somewhere, I needed to get it on CD or as a download. I started checking around on Amazon to see what was available and what other people recommended, and soon discovered that fans of this music have *very* strong opinions.  There simply is no overwhelming consensus, but both the original studio recording (it was released as a studio recording before any stage performance had been given, let alone recorded) and this film soundtrack have fairly widespread support.  Having watched the film so many times, I wanted the soundtrack, in spite of some negative reviews about the sound quality (mostly fair) and some reviewers who don't care for the performance.  I purchased it as a download, since it was about half the price of the CDs and I could get it immediately.<br /><br />First, I'll discuss the performance. If you don't like the film, or if you don't like the singers in the film, then you won't like the soundtrack.  But it's hard to imagine why listeners would not like the singers.  Carl Anderson as Judas is outstanding and so is Yvonne Elliman as Mary Magdalene.  I found that Ted Neeley's performance as Jesus, which at first seemed a bit weak and underpowered, was actually nuanced, thoughtful, and built up through the movie, as is appropriate for his role.  When he finally gets angry, you really pay attention.  Having said that, some people really dislike Neely in the role and you may be one of them, so if you haven't seen the film, listen to his tracks before you make a decision. I also liked Barry Dennen as Pilate, and Josh Mostel as Herod.<br /><br />Now for the audio quality. Many reviewers complained about the remastering, and I agree that there are some problems, but none of them is a deal-breaker.  A frequent complaint about the CD is the gap between each track, which also exists on the download version.  However, you can get rid of it in iTunes by setting the \\"stop time\\" of each track to match the instant that the music stops, and then selecting \\"gapless play\\" for all of the tracks.  It takes a little time, but it does a pretty good job of getting rid of the gaps, which are very annoying.  This music was supposed to be heard in one continuous flow, not as segments or songs with silence in between.<br /><br />Another complaint that people have is that the sound was remastered and remixed poorly, and I agree that it's not nearly as well done as the remastered soundtrack that you'll hear while watching the film.  I have no idea why they didn't just use the same mix for the CD, but they didn't, and it was a big mistake.  There are noticeable changes in volume level between tracks, which makes it necessary to raise or lower the volume control.  This doesn't occur during the film.  The vocals tend to be a bit too \\"forward\\" at the expense of a fuller instrumental background, another problem that doesn't affect the film.  There is also some very annoying high-pitched distortion at the very beginning of \\"Everything's Alright\\", which, while it only last a few measures, is also absent in the film version.  Finally, this is not a totally complete soundtrack of all the music from the film.  There is an all-instrumental interlude that takes place before the track \\"Judas' Death\\" that doesn't appear here, and it's very good music (reminiscent of a passage from Prokofiev's \\"Alexander Nevsky\\"). It could easily have been included and it should have been.<br /><br />Still, even with these reservations about the sound quality, I strongly recommend this version.  I'm also ordering the CDs of the original version, since that was the one I first heard years ago and it is indispensible.  I decided against any of the later versions, though they also have their adherents.  I think it says something about the power of this music that there are so many performances available, and that each of them has its supporters.
B000KJU1HI|5.0|Absolutly a great DVD.  This concert tour was the last before he went on his \\"electrial\\" tour.  Both DVDs are excellent.  This flim puts you right in the middle of the tour in England.  If you enjoy the music of Bob Dylan, especially his early years, this is a DVD set you will play over and over.
B000UJ48U4|5.0|This movie is highly symbolic, loaded with symbolism about and secrets used by the global elite.  Which is why most people find this film somewhat puzzling.  Go to [...] for details about the meanings within.  Classic Kubrick.  Also see a review about the highly symbolic 2001 (about secrets of Alchemy) at: [...]
0141304642|2.0|Esio Trot is a fun little book which takes virtually no time to read.  It initially captivates the reader with romance in later life and what the man enthralled with a woman will do in order to win her.  And this is where the fun begins as well as the zany plot that will captivate the younger audiences for whom this tale was written.    As I said, the story is fun, but far too silly to take any more seriously or be any more enjoyable than the least enjoyable Dr. Seuss book.  I was very disappointed that Mrs. Silver never learns the truth behind Mr. Hoppy's exploits.  I realize it's meant for children, and therefore many may say that the moral themes are not that serious.  But my position is that the moral themes of a children's story are all the more serious if for no other reason than that it is a children's story.    All that to say, check it out of your local library and have a brief period of fun.  But afterward I would recommend much more enjoyable and rewarding literature like THE CHRONICLES OF NARNIA, the Puffin Classics, or even such contemporary favorites as HOLES.
B0012GMW0C|5.0|Journey's self-titled debut, and the two follow-ups before the band added vocalist Steve Perry and went mainstream, shows a band with roots in artists as diverse as Leon Russell, Santana, Joe Cocker, the Allman Brothers Band, Steely Dan, the Grateful Dead, Genesis, the James Gang, the Meters, Little Feat, Booker T. & the MGs, Humble Pie, Yes, the Marshall Tucker Band, Traffic, Grand Funk Railroad, Chicago, Rare Earth, and the Mahavishnu Orchestra. These songs blend jazz-rock fusion, blues-rock, R&B, hard rock, and progressive rock in a totally unique way that will always sound fresher than the later hit-period albums. Buy this CD along with LOOK INTO THE FUTURE and NEXT, and you won't be disappointed.
075640407X|5.0|I was hesitant buying the book, but I have to say that was a very good read.  Definitely worth re-reading.     My only disappointment is that I have to wait until 2009  for the next book The Wise Man's Fear.
1594489505|2.0|With each chapter, it seemed to get sadder and sadder.  Someone recommended this book to me and I was depressed for weeks after.  I would never recommend this book to anyone.  I know it's a story but the one woman I really loved so much in this book had such a horrible thing done to her!  The only thing I learned from reading this was, that I value my life a little bit more.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've been involved with fitness personally for over 25 years and professionally for 10 years.  I enjoy all types of movement and cross train to keep myself from getting bored.  Jillian will deliver FAST results if you're willing to put in the sweat equity!  Each and every minute counts and she won't let you off easy; you almost feel as if she is right there, coaching you.  The production quality is great and her personality & humor are right on target for this type of workout.  There are 3 levels, but by no means should they be considered easy, hard and harder (you can always mix-and-match depending on the day you're having).  I just pop in the DVD while cooking dinner and work up an appetite.  Fast, complete and wonderful.  She will challenge you to bring out your best.
0307237702|3.0|In \\"The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream,\\" Senator Barack Obama offers a message of hope to the cynics that would claim that our country is hopelessly divided and politics has devolved into a power game of little interest to ordinary Americans. Senator Obama believes there are, in fact, ordinary Americans out there that do care about our country, are engaged in politics, and can manage to find common ground with neighbors and friends whose politics or values they may disagree with. I admit, I do not share Senator Obama's optimism. I am one of those cynics who believes Americans are divided, politics is a game, and it is best to simply avoid people whose politics I don't agree with. While I may not paint my face blue or red on Election Night, I do keep track of the score, and I don't care if my side engages in cheap shots or late hits to win; I just hope they do win, even if I remain skeptical that they can actually make a difference. In his book, Senator Obama tries to convince readers like me that there is, in fact, a \\"new kind of politics\\" that we can engage in to build upon the \\"shared understandings that pull us together as Americans.\\"     While Senator Obama discusses a \\"new kind of politics,\\" the most interesting part of his book discusses politics, as it exists today, from his perch in the Senate, specifically the pervasive roles of money and the media. As a candidate for Senator, one of Obama's major tasks was fund-raising, making cold-calls to the few Americans who can afford to write a $2,000 check to a politician. As a result, his primary interactions were limited to the top one percent of Americans, placing him \\"outside the world of immediate hunger, disappointment, fear, irrationality, and frequent hardship of the other 99 percent of the population,\\" or the people he actually entered public life to serve. In addition, Senator Obama laments his inability to directly reach his constituents. If he were to hold 39 town hall meetings a year (as he did his first year in the Senate), Senator Obama would be able to reach maybe 100,000 constituents in a six-year Senate term, whereas a three-minute story on the lowest rated news program in Chicago would reach 200,000 people, making him \\"entirely dependent on the media\\" to reach his constituents. Yet, as Senator Obama explains, instead of using its power to present politicians to the people they are supposed to serve, the media instead seems to use its power to disengage Americans from politics altogether. He presents the example of a story with the White House making debt projections. Because the media doesn't have the time or interest to do its own research, it will typically present the opinion of a Republican analyst that the Republican projections are accurate, the countering opinion of a Democratic analyst that the projections are inaccurate, and no independent analyst to tell the true story or provide a conclusion. Instead of being about the debt projections, the story becomes about the same old tired plot of Republicans and Democrats fighting again, boring readers and prompting them to \\"turn to the sports page, where the story line is less predictable and the box score tells you who won.\\"     As Senator Obama presents it, the idea of a \\"new kind of politics\\" discourages this story line, instead focusing on narrowing differences and engaging in true dialogue and conversation with one another in order to find common ground. In an example of what is wrong with politics now, Senator Obama provides an interesting story of a breakfast meeting with President Bush, where he had noted Bush's easy manner - that is, until Bush began his political speech, when \\"it felt as if somebody in a back room had flipped a speech,\\" and Bush's \\"easy affability was replaced by an almost messianic certainty,\\" as he spelled out his political agenda in an agitated, rapid tone discouraging any interruption or opposing viewpoint. In demonstrating his contrast to President Bush, Senator Obama structures his political discussions as conversations, where he always presents both sides of each issue - whether the topic be energy, race, or welfare - and inevitably concludes that each side has relevant points. In fact, Senator Obama seems to take pains to present a \\"Republican\\" point of view, virtually ignoring issues Democrats may consider important, such as education and health care, which get a total of seven pages between them, and focusing on traditionally Republican areas, such as family, values, and faith. This, Senator Obama states, is the \\"guidepost for his politics\\": his mother's simple principle, \\"How would that make you feel?\\" While he believes this guidepost serves him well, allowing him to gain insight into the other side's perspective, it is a philosophy he syas everyone would benefit from, to note the suffering of others and put ourselves in their position.     Ultimately, this is the core behind Senator Obama's philosophy - that, if we fail to help others, we diminish ourselves. In meeting with his constituents, Obama has found power in the American spirit, of people who have suffered and yet continue to work hard to fulfill their dreams. In his experiences growing up in Indonesia and traveling to his father's native land of Kenya, Senator Obama has seen first-hand the effect of countries where individuals do not control their own fate, but must instead rely on the self-restraint of the military or on corrupt bureaucrats. As a result, he has developed a deep appreciation for the freedom we are afforded as Americans and the hope that, through hard work, we can accomplish our dreams. It is this audacity to hope, he says, that binds us together as one people, as Americans. This shared sense of community is what drives his idea of a \\"new kind of politics,\\" based on the premise that we have more similarities than differences, and that we can build on \\"those shared understandings that pull us together as Americans.\\"     However, Obama concedes that, just because he believes there can be a new kind of politics, doesn't mean he knows how to do accomplish it, because he admits, he doesn't. He acknowledges that his book is more of a discussion than a manifesto and that his treatment of the issues is \\"often partial and incomplete.\\" In fact, his discussion of the actual issues often seems simplistic, contradictory, and sometimes uninformed. Admittedly, I had more hope for Senator Obama as a political candidate before I read this book than I do now, just because he didn't focus on the issues I would have liked to hear about, didn't provide substantive arguments, or didn't present ideas I totally agreed with. Even more than his ideas on specific issues, though, I would have liked to hear how he plans to re-engage the American people: for example, does he have ideas about how to rid government of special interests and get more Americans involved in the process through a public funding system or a national holiday on Election Day? If politics is meant to be a discussion between two empathetic parties, how does he plan to engage ordinary Americans in that discussion? In the end, though, while Obama doesn't go as far as he could in spelling out how he will re-engage Americans in our democracy, he lays the foundation for readers to make some of these conclusions for themselves, particularly in his narrative on race. In describing the problem of poverty among African-Americans, which has become a \\"permanent fixture in American popular culture,\\" one which we as Americans take for granted, and \\"not for which we are culpable,\\" Senator Obama inadvertently points to the impact a minority president could have. If the audacity of hope means that we are all bound together as Americans, then the implication of electing a minority President is clear: we are finally allowing new voices into the political discussion. If, in fact, we as a country do elect Senator Obama as president, then maybe, just maybe, I willjoin him and have the audacity to hope for the future of this country again.
B000084T18|3.0|THIS ALBUM REPRESENTS THE STREETS, THE STRUGGLE, BUT ALL OTHER 50 CENT ALBUMS ARE GARBAGE.THIS ALBUM IS STRAIGHT FROM THE HEART SONGS LIKE MANY MEN TO BLOOD HOUND.  EVEN THOUGHT I DON'T LISTEN TO 50 CENT ANY MORE THIS IS HIS ONLY ALBUM WAS GOOD.  REAL SONGS  - BLOOD HOUND FEAT. YOUNG BUCK  - PATIENTLY WAITING  - MANY MEN      I'D RATHER LISTEN TO DMX,JAHAD OR 2PAC.    50 CENT SUCKS NOW AND YOU KNOW IT,I USED TO BE A FAN..  THE HYPE IS FAKE ON INTERSCOPE RECORDS ONLY 2PAC WAS REAL.
B000VNMMR0|1.0|This is one of the worst movies ever made.  Not only is every scene in this movie impossible and the premise absurd, it isn't even made well.  If you don't believe me, check how many injuries Bruce Willis sustains in any given scene and see how many of them even carry over to the next scene.  Cuts magically heal and stop bleeding, head wounds just disappear, limps go away, his hands stop bleeding...it just goes on and on.  Even his co- star gets shot in the knee and is fine seconds later.  The absurdity never ends.  This movie insults anyone with a brain.
B00006LWSF|2.0|ONLY GOOD SONG WAS FROM NAS AND RAKIM AND LOOSE YOURSELF  50 CENT SUCKS
B000N4SHPS|4.0|I went into watching this thinking it would be pure, implausible corn, but I was strangely surprised at how good this film was.  Surprising, too, was how similar this film was in feel and spirit to the original Rocky film.  Fascinating too is that this film, of all the Rocky films, seems to have the LEAST actual focus on boxing.  The film is all about character development, relationships, and longing for the past.  Some great material being told here.<br />I loved seeing Rocky's continuous obsession with the past, complimented with Bill Conti's music again (the graveyard sequences were especially poignant.)<br />Also interesting was how the \\"Little Marie\\" relationship was handled.  I have to admit I was squirming contemplating a love story unfolding, and thankfully, Rocky's relationship never veers beyond that of a caring father (even at the hotel, pre-fight, when Marie visits Rocky's room, and Rocky is wearing the white-undershirt, I'm thinking... oh, no... please no.  And indeed, nothing happened.  Thank you, Sylvester Stallone, for leaving romance out of this one.)<br />The final fight unfolded convincingly, although in the back of my mind, I love the idea of Rocky dying from the fight and being reunited with Adrianne, but that might have ended the film on a note of corniness.  And as it stands, the film, and the Rocky series, ended with class.
006097625X|5.0|This is an important book that everyone should read. I would give it twenty stars if I could.<br /><br />I've long been interested in both art and comic books (I have collected them for over 50 years). While the library shelves are full of wonderful books that explain what traditional artists are trying to do and why they succeed, I've often found the books to be pretty boring. In recent years, such books have gotten bogged down into abstruse language that is much less appealing than the art which is the subject.<br /><br />But in those years, I've never seen anything that was very helpful in discussing the rules of comic art, except some books about pop art when that was popular that examined how the pop art was different from comic art. Naturally, I was blown away when I found that Understanding Comics is a far more comprehensive, thoughtful, and accessible book about interaction with art than I have ever read. Although the subject is ostensibly comic strips and comic books, it's clear to me that that Mr. McCloud has a deep and powerful understanding of all art.  Some of his conceptual displays of where different forms of art fall in different dimensions of choice (degree of realism, abstraction, and message) are unbelievably powerful.<br /><br />I hope that some art historian will stumble on this book and recast the history of art to explain and relate different styles to one another using this book's methods. There would be a lot more art lovers if that were the case.<br /><br />Ultimately, the book's main benefit is to help the reader appreciate that comic art can be a higher and more effective form of art than either pure images or written words by requiring a mastery of more elements . . . elements that are more powerful in grabbing attention and conveying meaning.<br /><br />Yet the book stays in humble form, a comic book. The powerful ideas sneak up on you as Mr. McCloud deconstructs the elements of comic art expression into chapters on defining what kind of art comics are (\\"sequential art\\" for short); explaining where various comics fall on the spectrum of reality, story, and abstraction; the way we fill in the spaces around the lines and between panels with our minds, allowing us to participate in creating the story and the experience; how time is expressed in various ways; the role of lines in creating our understanding and responses; how words and images can interact; a conceptual look at creating comic art; the effect of color; and a synthesis of the book in historical and conceptual terms.<br /><br />If you want to enjoy both traditional art and comic art more, read this book. It's the Rosetta stone for non-artists in appreciating the images, stories, and messages that artists want to share with us through these media. You'll never be the same . . . and the change will be good for you!<br /><br />Bravo, Mr. McCloud!r short); explaining where various comics fall on the spectrum of reality, story, and abstraction; the way we fill in the spaces around the lines and between panels with our minds, allowing us to participate in creating the story and the experience; how time is expressed in various ways; the role of lines in creating our understanding and responses; how words and images can interact; a conceptual look at creating comic art; the effect of color; and a synthesis of the book in historical and conceptual terms.     If you want to enjoy both traditional art and comic art more, read this book. It's the Rosetta stone for non-artists in appreciating the images, stories, and messages that artists want to share with us through these media. You'll never be the same . . . and the change will be good for you!    Bravo, Mr. McCloud!
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|The movie story is interesting. The monsters are quite good and frightening. However, the method of filming is more than distracting. This is the first movie that gave me motion sickness.    I read about this effect in the original movie revews. It wasn't until halfway through the movie that it hit me. This attempt at filming innovation get a big one star rating.
0307383415|5.0|This book is not a memoir or even Memoirs. It is a novel, a non-fictional true novel because life is a novel and even at times poetry, and Barack Obama is an absolutely perfect writer who captures the living texture of this life with gusto, taste and style. The book of course is a chase and search for the author's father by the author himself as far as far can be, including in the green hills of Africa.<br /><br />But it is also a lot more. It is the discovery of family roots growing in two different soils, continents or even universes. But Barack Obama is not psychotic nor schizophrenic, so he tells us the story of how he brought unity to himself without in any way negating the dual carriage way of his personality.<br /><br />He shows and even demonstrates how one cannot be anything in life if one does not build that personal unity from the patchwork of their lives. Some of his brothers, or sisters, or parents succeed with various methods. Some others fail or at least linger in unsuccessful attempts. Now, that is only the first element of the book that makes it an autobiography of sort. It is though and yet a lot more and I am going to give only a few examples.<br /><br />I like his &#34;Home Squared&#34; or even Home Power Three or Home Tripled, or whatever. I will insist on the power element because this approach of home gives power to the subject. This power comes from the ability  of the subject to join the immediate home environment in which he or she lives to the original family home from which he or she comes, that is to say the parents' home that is in Obama's case double since he knew his father at first as coming from Kenya seen as his home and he discovers that he came from what this father called his Home Squared, that is to say the home base of his father's father.<br /><br />Obama's conception of a human being seems to be such a piled up pyramid made of many tiers, strata, layers, one on top of the other in the present, one deeper than the other into the past, and what about the future that gets its inspiration from this heap of potentials and possible realizations of one's dreams. This leads to a remark on authenticity that cannot be attached to one personal parameter connected to the outside world, including African-ness. Authenticity is attached to the contradictory unified patchwork that makes us what we are inside.<br /><br />I think Obama could easily reach beyond and add &#34;at any discrete moment of one's life&#34;, no two moments even in close temporal succession being ever the same. We are ever changing and yet always the same, because we are what we see or even dream ourselves. The last point I will make is about his dynamic vision of the law. He knows the law can be seen as reflecting narrow-minded interests and greed. But he also knows that the law is a human creation that comes from the conversation between and among various individuals and circumstances reflecting the complex conflictive context of humanity at any moment in its history, a conversation that is aiming at creating balance and equilibrium even if in many cases it is biased and severely one-sided.<br /><br />But his phrase &#34;a nation arguing with its conscience&#34; is beautiful and worth sitting in any sacred corpus of canonical texts, including Goethe's Faust Second Part. It is, and should always be, a canon of American culture because we hold such truths to be self evident.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelinesthat gets its inspiration from this heap of potentials and possible realizations of one's dreams. This leads to a remark on authenticity that cannot be attached to one personal parameter connected to the outside world, including African-ness. Authenticity is attached to the contradictory unified patchwork that makes us what we are inside.   I think Obama could easily reach beyond and add &#34;at any discrete moment of one's life&#34;, no two moments even in close temporal succession being ever the same. We are ever changing and yet always the same, because we are what we see or even dream ourselves. The last point I will make is about his dynamic vision of the law. He knows the law can be seen as reflecting narrow-minded interests and greed. But he also knows that the law is a human creation that comes from the conversation between and among various individuals and circumstances reflecting the complex conflictive context of humanity at any moment in its history, a conversation that is aiming at creating balance and equilibrium even if in many cases it is biased and severely one-sided.   But his phrase &#34;a nation arguing with its conscience&#34; is beautiful and worth sitting in any sacred corpus of canonical texts, including Goethe's Faust Second Part. It is, and should always be, a canon of American culture because we hold such truths to be self evident.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
0810993139|5.0|My 10-year old daughter says \\" I loved this book because it was funny.  I could not put it down.  I can't wait to read the next one!\\"
B00006L7XQ|5.0|'American IV: The Man Comes Around' is easily one of Johnny Cash's best records. Cash died in 2003, and this came out around the time of his death. But it's a true masterpiece. Read on.    Here, Johnny covers everything, from Nine Inch Nails' 'Hurt' to Hank Williams' 'I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry' to Depeche Mode's 'Personal Jesus' to Simon & Garfunkel's 'Bridge Over Troubled Water.' He also covers an Eagles song ('Desperado') and a country music standard ('Streets of Laredo') here as well.    But man, can Johnny sing! In his early seventies when this was recorded, Johnny proves his voice is every bit as good as it was thirty years before. It's more raspy and deeper, sure, but it's just as good.     Overall, this is highly recommended for any Johnny Cash fan, casual or die-hard. This is easily one of the best records of the 21st Century, and it shows Johnny's true love of music, whether it be country, rock or alternative.    Highly recommended for any Johnny Cash fan. A masterpiece, plain and simple.    ENJOY!!!
0060763892|4.0|My first James Rollins, and probably not my last, even though I am not into special-ops-type adventure. The Judas Strain is the result of what must have been a really impressive amount of research and what-iffing by the author. The ease with which he weaves the bits and pieces of scientific and historic information into the plot without slowing down the fast pace he sets at the beginning is a tribute to how well he did his homework. To me, the Judas Strain reads like The DaVinci Code, as written by Clive Cussler and Tom Clancy, and edited by Dean Koontz. Hey, that's not bad.
B0010AN7Z4|5.0|Billy wilder was the first woody allen    and this movie shows it    the best comedy and drama with great performances and direction.    a treasure, no doubt about it
0061537934|5.0|I must admit that very few books or movies 'get' to me emotionally but this book is in the same class as \\"Old Yeller\\" and \\"Horse Whisperer\\". After I finished this book I immediately went and hugged my 2 dogs and wept like a baby! If you liked 'Water for Elephants' and the above mentioned, you'll enjoy this book...just keep your friends close and your dogs even closer.
B00169XU8I|4.0|I really like this special edition of Hard Candy. It fits nicely on my bookshelf next to the special edition of Confessions On A Dance Floor. I'd only recommend this if you're a hard-core Madonna fan though! The remixes of 4 minutes on this cd are edits(Tracy Young House Mix Edit & Rebirth Remix Edit) and I think they're actually better than what's on the maxi-single. It would've been nice if this edition would've included the Japan bonus track Ring My Bell. The book for this edition is much bigger but doesn't contain more pictures or any of the lyrics!
0694013013|5.0|My 18 month old son loves this book!  He watched me do the movements as I read it and now he does them on his own when I read the book!  Very cute and interactive.
B0018QCXGY|1.0|Cloverfield could have been a box office hit and made million and millions of dollars, but instead of going for the Gold the director went for the \\"Artisy fartsy\\" look. If you enjoy watching a movie that you never really get a good look at, or if you enjoy a movie that has that Blair Witch meets Godzilla Look to it you'll really LOVE this one. I wish directors would remember to keep it simple and keep it GREAT. This is a Great movie that could have topped the list and not fallen under the bus. Don't waist your money. Geeze...even Godzilla was better!
B0018OAPAW|4.0|After a 4 1/2 year absence, the Offspring are back. I have to say that after a few listens, this album is pretty good. I only gave it 4 stars because I didn't care for the ballads \\"Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?\\" and \\"Fix You\\".   The time off must have worked for the band. They teamed up with legendary producer Bob Rock, which may be the reason why they sound fresh. For those who don't know Mr. Bob Rock, Bob has been involved with some of the biggest selling albums from the early 90's, i.e. Metallica's Black album, and was the engineer for Bon Jovi's Slippery When Wet and New Jersey.     I think any fan that has grown up with the Offspring will enjoy this album. And for those who are complaining about the sound mix - I think the music sounds fine , and I consider myself an audiophile.
B0014XCMVM|5.0|\\"If growing up is the process of creating ideas and dreams about what life should be, then maturity is letting go again.\\" - Mary Beth Danielson<br /><br />This quote really resonates with me when thinking of Alanis Morissette's new cd Flavors of Entanglement.<br /><br />In the mid-1990's, Alanis Morisette's Jagged Little Pill sold more than 30 million copies worldwide. She was a force to be reckoned with, an angry angsty voice that was going to tell it like it was with no apologies.<br />Well, Alanis is back with what I feel is her best cd since then and she's still unafraid to put her heart out there on the sidewalk. Only, this time, I feel we are seeing a more mature artist, an artist who has let go of a lot of her pain and one with a lot more self-realization.<br /><br />All this, and it has a beat you can dance to.<br />Producer Guy Sigsworth has done a great job of balancing Alanis' brilliant poetry with an edgy rock dance vibe.<br /><br />\\"Citizen of the Planet\\" which opens the cd rocks. I love the way the song accelerates and appreciate the drivng beat incorporating sitars and tablas giving the song an eastern feel.<br /><br />\\"Underneath\\", the first single from the cd, immediately takes me to a quieter place. This song is about changing yourself to eventually help change the world.<br /><br />\\"Straitjacket\\" has a jagged feel for me and the techno background seems to accentuate the craziness we feel when someone we care about seems to be doing things just to drive us mad.<br /><br />\\"Versions of Violence\\" has a bit of a sensual rock feel. I love the textures of the music and Alanis' voice has never sounded better.<br /><br />\\"Not as We\\" is one of my favorites. It talks about starting all over again \\"as I and not as we\\", \\"gunshy and quivering\\". I love the piano here. This song is elegant in its beauty and simplicity and reminds me of  Enya.<br />Sometimes we are strongest in our vulnerability.<br /><br />\\"In Praise of the Vulnerable Man\\" is simply that, a song  celebrating the sexiness of a man who doesn't need all that armor.<br /><br />\\"Moratorium\\" - Alanis actually took a break from relationships to breathe and get her focus back. That is what this song explores. It's a way to let go, stop looking outside, stop searching, and re-find yourself, a \\"breather from the flavors of entanglement\\".<br /><br />\\"Torch\\" gives me chills. Alanis is so relatable in her description of missing someone.<br />\\"I miss your smell, and your style and your pure abiding way.\\" The guitar and strings are lovely and simply fit the poignancy of someone who says she \\"never dreamed I would have to lay down my torch for you.\\" The list of all the little and big things we miss when we lose an important relationship is so evocative and so authentic. This is another of my favorites.<br /><br />\\"Giggling again for no reason\\" is a fun light dance tune.<br /><br />\\"Tapes\\" is all about the stories other people tell us and the voices we hear inside that aren't our own beliefs. It's actually liberating to realize these are untrue.<br /><br />I really like the song \\"Incomplete\\". I love its hopeful melody.  It ends the cd on an uplifting note. It speaks of  all the dreams we have of being complete, being healed, being enlightened. Still, at the same time, it expresses what I feel is the message of the cd. \\"I have been running so sweaty my whole life urgent for a finish line/I have been missing the rapture this whole time of being forever incomplete.\\" The joy is in the imperfection, in the journey.<br /><br />At a time when digital track purchases are so common, it is rare for me to find a cd that I love completely but Alanis' new cd is just that. It is<br />a solid collection -- rocking, edgy, authentic, flavorful.<br /><br />Alanis has gone through the seriousness of youth and she seems so much more at peace.  Flavors of Entanglement explores where Alanis has been and where she is now. There is introspection, reflection, sadness and joy and the cd ultimatelysoars.<br /><br />I give it 5 out of 5 stars and highly recommend it.
B0012NVGHU|5.0|I was familiar with the music of Glen Hansard before (with The Frames) and could largely take it or leave it, but the film is outstanding-- it's so true, raw, and pure in its storytelling, avoiding the classic American boy-meets-girl cliches (y'know, because it's not an American film).     Irglova is the definition of adorability, and Hansard's new material (and reworked Frames material) is so soulful and heartfelt, I had to rethink my prior opinions.     It's just a really great film that does not come along too often (no, I'm not going to say something like \\"once in a lifetime\\").
B000RPTQ1C|1.0|The silly, pretentious, and utterly pointless name of the album had me worried.  And for good reason.  But that is not to say it is not aptly titled.  For what lies inside is just as silly (Strawberry Swing), pretentious (Lost!), and pointless (everything else).   Eno layered so much retreaded junk onto this record that it could be almost anybody or nobody submerged in this pseudo world-music mess.  If Coldplay is actually in this dreck somewhere the only song that gives any indication of it is Violet Hill (earns the one star) which only stands out because of the spoilers it finds itself keeping such uneasy company with.  Three great albums is more than most bands can muster so we can be grateful for Coldplay's very enjoyable back catalog.  But even now the used bins are filling quickly and mightily with this consummate clanger.
0143038419|1.0|This book was written by an unhappy narcissistic woman who is an utter bore. Another classic example of many of the women I encounter daily. We are living in a society where being totally self-absorbed has become the norm, it is so sad we have come to this. After mentioning she was not going to talk about her acrimonious divorce, she continually brings it up time after time. How pathetic that this book has good reviews when it is clearly a tale of self-indulgent whining and moaning about her lot in life. It is disheartening that this book has achieved good reviews when it is clearly a prime example of our generation of women in our society who could make a difference, but prefer to be extremely self-absorbed and focused on material goods, prestige and the \\"me-me-me\\" syndrome. This book is not worth the money and is boringly pathetic.
0596101996|5.0|This book not only assists first-time JavaScript programmers, but is an excellent reference for the more experienced developers.  The examples are first-rate, and the reference sections are more comprehensive than any I've seen for this language.  A MUST if you are a serious JavaScript professional.
1843104954|5.0|\\"The Complete Guide to Asperger's Syndrome\\" by Tony Atwood, Jessica Kingsley Publishers, London 2007. ISBN 13: 978-1-84110-495-7, HC 397/347. Glossary 3 pgs., Resources. 8 pgs., Ref., 23 pgs., Sub. Index 11 pgs., Auth. Index 5 pgs. 10\\" x 7\\".<br /><br />The author, a prolific writer and practicing clinician having studied some 2,000 cases of Asperger's syndrome, presents a culmination of his experiences and observations in a complete treatise on a no longer rare genetic syndrome in which the neuronal wiring is imperfect.  In 15 chapters the author has laid bare the essentials of AS, its diagnosis & prognosis, the vulnerabilities, their special skills, disabilities, sensory disturbances and the treatment options and opportunities for intervention with emphasis on integrating the child to become a productive contributing member of society by acknowledging and nurturing their oft found special abilities both within the family structure, a marriage, learning institution and workplace.<br /><br />Of the many books I have on Asperger's syndrome, this one excels in so many ways that it is a `must have' for those concerned in the clinical setting of Asperger's syndrome.
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|'Once' is a love story, but at its heart, it is the struggle of musicians and the creative process. The music itself is an integral character in the show, evolving, expressing serious emotions better than the actors can themselves. For any of you who have, even for a moment, dreamt of creating beautiful music, 'Once' is a version of your story. After watching it, I'd be surprised if even a few musicians could resist downloading the soundtrack.
B001B1CBTK|3.0|There is no doubt about the feeling of George Michael's deep soulfulness. I simply often really do forget how remarkable of an influence he has been in the music industry. His songs have been more about art and heart for over 25 years in the music industry on his own, and as a part of Wham! during his 80's success. Now, he has another greatest hits records to celebrate his highs and lows in music. While there already is a nearly-prefect reflection of his big hits with 1998's Ladies & Gentlemen: The Best of George Michael, another one was made a few years ago throughout Europe and mainly overseas with 25. A collection that made a big splash worldwide, has finally made its was to American audiences.<br /><br />The 2008 re-release of Twenty-Five is a compilation that tries to showcase George Michael through his simplistic and soulful voice throught his 3 decades of making deep and somber music. The songs have all been remastered well from his past records and really sound great. The album includes so many of his classics from his big hits from Wham! including Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go, the elequent Careless Whishper and his mainstream solo efforts including the #1 smashes Father Figure, the upbeat Faith, and lesser-known songs that blend in well including the overlooked Jesus To A Child and his 2004 comeback single Amazing. The new songs also work like a charm here including his haunting and sultry collaboration with newcomer Muyta on This Is Not Real Love and An Easier Affair.<br /><br />Unfortunately, This expanded edition though does overlook a lot of George's great tracks, which is the same thing that plagues the simplier, more widespread 2 disc collection. Twenty-Five does overlook a lot of songs that die hard George Michael fans might feel saddened that were omitted including the provocative smash I Want Your Sex, the beats of Monkey, as well as some of his collaboartions including his 1987 duet with Aretha Franklin on I Knew You Were Waiting for Me, as well as other great songs from his Wham! era like I'm Your Man and Where Did Your Heart Go. The expanded edition also brings in lesser-known songs instead that try to appeal more to George's die hard fan base with the extra third disc of songs include some decent songs including Cars And Trains, Please Send Me Someone (Anselmo's Song), and many others. The third disc could've brought in more excitement, but leaves a bit of a whimper to newcomers.<br /><br />All in all, the expanded version of George Michael's Twenty-Five could've made up for some of the problems that the regular 2-disc collection had overlooked. Nevertheless, it still works as a nice re-introduction to an 80's icon who still remains a great guilty plesure from the heart and simply the voice. That here shouldn't be overlooked from George Michael's style. If you're new though to George Michael's music, you are mainly better off with either downloading buying Ladies & Gentlemen: The Best Of George Michael, or the original double-album edition of Twenty-Five.<br /><br />Songs: B-<br /><br />Price: B-<br /><br />Remastering: B<br /><br />Overall: C+ngs from his Wham! era like I'm Your Man and Where Did Your Heart Go. The expanded edition also brings in lesser-known songs instead that try to appeal more to George's die hard fan base with the extra third disc of songs include some decent songs including Cars And Trains, Please Send Me Someone (Anselmo's Song), and many others. The third disc could've brought in more excitement, but leaves a bit of a whimper to newcomers.    All in all, the expanded version of George Michael's Twenty-Five could've made up for some of the problems that the regular 2-disc collection had overlooked. Nevertheless, it still works as a nice re-introduction to an 80's icon who still remains a great guilty plesure from the heart and simply the voice. That here shouldn't be overlooked from George Michael's style. If you're new though to George Michael's music, you are mainly better off with either downloading buying Ladies & Gentlemen: The Best Of George Michael, or the original double-album edition of Twenty-Five.    Songs: B-    Price: B-    Remastering: B    Overall: C+
0634060384|3.0|It arrived in mint condition within two weeks even though I live in the EU.
B000PTYP84|4.0|If you are a Paramore fanatic, you need to get this.  The extra songs are great and pretty good quality, \\"For a Pessimist Im Pretty Optimistic\\" lacks bass and guitar but its still okay.  I'm a little disappointed they didn't throw \\"Decoy\\" on here because its my favorite song by them and wish I could find it on an authentic Riot CD but apparently its like the \\"Forbidden Track\\" and impossible to find anyway.   The MVI is great and so much fun to mix around the songs \\"Misery Business\\" and \\"crushcrushcrush\\", it will make you want to do it for all the other songs really bad! Only complaint about this is once you have your own mix, you can't save it and throw it on a cd.  At least not easily, whatsoever.  That kind of let me down because thats the main reason I bought the cd.    But theres tons of extra footage and behind the scenes, it sounds great, and overall is imperative for any Paramore fan.
B000UVT3OI|5.0|LOVE IT, LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!!!  HOW GREAT TO HAVE ALL THE HITS ON ONE CD.  IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME SINCE I LISTENED TO GARTH, AND THIS CD MADE ME REALIZE HOW MUCH I'VE MISSED HIM..  I LOVE POPPING THE CD IN MY CAR PLAYER AND ACTUALLY ENJOYING MY LONG COMMUTE TO WORK.  HIS LYRICS STILL MAKE ME SMILE AND LAUGH...AND CRY TOO.  I REMEMBER NOW WHY GARTH BROOKS IS CONSIDERED ONE OF THE GREAT ONES AND NOT ONLY OF COUNTRY MUSIC.
B000WCDI64|5.0|I enjoyed the type of music - a fresh take on classic jazz, motown, and ska. The band is outstanding, full of energy and fun to watch. Amy's voice is very natural although it is true that as the performance goes on, she appears a bit inebriated. However, for me, this factor did not ruin the musical message. I enjoyed seeing the documentary about how Amy became famous and the history behind some of the songs. I'm impressed with how down to earth she can be off the stage. Overall, this is a great video to sit down and relax with - it is also perfect for having on in the background at a party to liven things up. It's colorful, artsy, unique, and not disturbingly loud or obnoxious.
B000B8QG0O|5.0|Not only do my 2 and 3 year old boys love this movie, mommy and daddy do too!
B0015FHDRW|3.0|This disc is rocking, noisy, garage-y, and most of all fun.  That said, it makes no bones about its derivative intentions, including a (practically) note-for-note rewrite of (I'm Not Your) Stepping Stone.  So, at the current price of $9.99 it's not much ventured, not much gained.  Take it for what it is and let the party begin.
0060541792|5.0|Having 42 grandchildren and 46 great grandchildren and being an advocate for reading, reading, reading I believe this book is the greatest for children to hear as first words from parents (well, first words after \\"I love you, darling.\\") I have testimonials of positive results from grandchildren of the effect the reading of this book has on even infants.
0385340567|1.0|Because I usually enjoy the Reacher books, I took a chance and ignored readers' reviews.  Never again! Absolutely tedious and boring, especially the interminable journeys between Hope and Despair. This book could have been shortened to perhaps a hundred pages.  Nothing to lose? Only the money I spent for it.
B0018AK9RK|5.0|First lets start with the concept of this album. Nostradamus is the story of the 16th century French apothecary and seer of the same name. He was well known for his prophecies which are followed to this very day, and still continue to hold a fascination amongst the masses, just turn on the history channel and you will likely find Nostradamus. Now on to the music.    The music in Nostradamus is not your typical Judas Priest record. That will be a turn off for some fans who like there music the same on every album or just have so much love for Judas Priest that they can't see over that love to experience and album that is fresh and relevant to the themes currently happening in this world today. The music is a mix of old JP, Classical, Opera, and epic synth, with the tracks working as if one piece of music, with no, or hardly in pause between songs.    Many Judas Priest fans have been comparing the subject matter of Nostradamus to that of a Spinal Tap moment. That may be true to an extent, but was not Spinal Tap created as a mockery of metal in the first place? So for certain Priest fans to attain the idea that its to Spinal Tap is foolish, and irrelevant. The album itself is very, very, very, EPIC! The guitar solos are very good showing off the musicianship very well, while the classical synth elements add, but do not distract from the metal aspect of the album.     There is some softer songs on this album as well, but they still retain a heaviness to once again add, and not distract from the album. The album is very long with it spanning 1:42:35. While this maybe a turnoff for some. It does require some time to truly enjoy this album, but IN MY OPINION it is well worth it. So what have we learned from Judas Priest? They are not afraid to deviate and try new things even in the face of scrutiny from there fans.    This album in my opinion is a masterpiece, but like all art, the individual in the end determines the worth of the art in there own minds. I give it 5 stars.
B000F9UDQC|4.0|Such a decent and well balanced recording that I had to purchase it in a Japanese CD.    It seems these CD's are of pretty much the best quality one can buy in a compact disc format - of course other than the gold discs that are being fazed out, unfortunately. Can you imagine if the Japanese made these dics with gold? WOW!     As must have for all David Gilmour fans as well as Pink Floyd fans.  I believe he is one of the driving forces of Pink Floyd for sure and his solo efforts show this.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|I have to give Priest credit, while so many bands that are linked to the 80's try to regurgitate the same sound over and over to justify their latest comeback tour, Priest has the balls to come out with a real experiment of an album.  The textbook Priest sound is there but its mixed with epic orchestrations to create something that sounds much different than anything this band has done before.  So basically if you were looking for 2 discs of British Steel or Screaming for Vengence you didn't get it and you probably never will.  But if you want to hear what John Williams and Andrew Lloyd Webber would have sounded like if they had 2 tons of Judas Priest rammed down their throats, then check it out!
1400097029|2.0|John Banville has a great ear for prose, both his own and others (in his outstanding literary criticism).  However.    Humbert Humbert and Charles Kinbote SHOULD be insufferable.  But they are not.  Unlike Banville's narrators, who truly ARE insufferable.  I did like The Untouchable.  The Sea is saved somewhat by the last ten pages or so.  But this (very short) book nonetheless begins to get unbearable about halfway through -- many, many descriptions of light glinting off water, many, many sinister hints and diabolical erudition from the narrator, etc., etc.
B0015XHQTE|5.0|If you like Dirty Harry, then you'll love this Ultimate Collection.  The picture and sound quality on the DVDs is perfect, the extras are interesting, and the \\"collectors items\\" included in the box are quite fun (especially SFPD's complaint regarding the end of the first movie).
B000P2A256|5.0|This album is simply fantastic.  The songs are all at once heartbreaking, sensual, and desirous. It's definately one of my favorites.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|If you thought this show was amazing on TV, then it'll be even more amazing (if possible) in hi-def! Get it!
B0013FXWX8|3.0|Looking for an animated film that the whole family can watch and enjoy? Then the summer has a good selection in Kung Fu Panda, a magical tale of talking animals, martial arts, eastern philosophy, and good versus evil.  It is also voiced by several well known stars not the least of which is the force of nature that is Jack Black.    Panda bear Po (Jack Black) works for his father's noodle business in ancient China but yearns for something more.  His interest in martial arts leads him to being an accidental selection as the `chosen one' to defend the local town from a vengeful leopard Tai Lung (Ian McShane), a former student of the wise, martial arts teacher, Shifu (Dustin Hoffman).  As the `chosen one', Po is given the sacred Dragon Scrolls and is trained by Shifu in the ways and technique of Kung Fu much to the consternation of the Furious Five, the current crop of warriors.  Po presents the ultimate challenge both physically and mentally to Shifu until the master hits on an unorthodox idea.  As Tai Lung approaches and the Furious Five attempt to defend the town, Po must learn the ways of the true warrior.  As he begins to mature and learn about himself, he becomes the last line of defense.     This story nicely blends serious themes with moments of comedic fun.  What is refreshing in the humor is that it is organic and timeless without resorting to pop references (as in Shrek)-no small feat.  It also depicts the ancient Chinese warriors with not only martial arts prowess, but abilities to defy gravity as in Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon.  Children will find a wondrous, far away land populated by real people in the guise of animal characters.  It is a believable world with real feelings of yearning, tradition, envy, and bravery.    A somewhat more subdued Jack Black does a fine job emoting and realizing the young Po.  Dustin Hoffman is quite good as the wise sage, a sort of Asian Yoda (or the other way around).  It's rather hard to believe the star power behind theother voices including Angelina Jolie,  Jackie Chan, and Seth Rogen.  The movie could have worked just as well without them.    The movie actually gets better in the middle and toward the end, not that long a wait.  Its basic themes of destiny and loyalty are universal.  As Master Shifu says, \\"there are no accidents.\\"  The animation and creative use of camera angles and zooms are breath taking at times.  You kind of wish the script had just a bit more substance and this would have become a treasured classic.  As it is, Kung Fu Panda is a delightful, inoffensive adventure with something for all ages.
B00169XU8I|4.0|Beeing short... buy it and scape having just the normal version of the album. It's worthy. Why? Well... the artist needs no introductions... she's unique!  The product... it's simply amazing. And I'm telling this not for the candies that came within (they make you think it has a flavor, but when you taste it, there comes a surpise!) but for the iniciative and the quality.   The odds: I just think we could have a better device to really close the box and to support the booklet inside. Besides, a material that attract less fingerprints over the box' cover and the booklet would be better.    The content... it's reaveling itself each day SWEETY and impossible to stop listening, though I didn't like every songs. But as SHE wold say it... Noboby's perfect!
B0018AK9RA|5.0|Judas Priest defend their Metal Godhood on a different front this time by reaching into a more progressive direction and in the process they realize their full potential. I love classic Priest and I think they will always be best remembered for albums like British Steel, Screaming for Vengeance and Painkiller, but this is the kind of thing I have been dying to hear from them for a long time. Here they take the technical skills and sounds that they have mastered over the years and use them on far more ambitious material. Nostradamus proves that Priest can skillfully delivery a concept album, drop the traditional format of the past and create something well worth listening to.<br /><br />The writing benefits on every level by being set free from the restraints of their conventional song and album formats. Acoustic guitars and tasteful, subtle synths allow for a freedom in the arrangements that Priest has not had since their early days. The songs are more dynamic, moving from hauntingly beautiful passages of quiet dread to explosive moments of power and majesty. All of this comes at a purposeful pace that does justice to the quality of the performances and the writing behind it. In my opinion, the album's concept has given a framework and inspiration for better quality lyrics as well.<br /><br />Performance wise, the guys are still delivering the goods. Priest's hallmark shredding twin guitars, monster drums and wailing vocals are all present, but not as much as expected. Overall the album is more of a stab into the symphonic, operatic metal genre and as such may not appeal to those looking for something heavier like Painkiller.  With that said, I commend the boys for eschewing the path more traveled for something new and more challenging. I enjoyed it quite a lot.
B000008M54|4.0|This album shows different qualities of the \\"old\\" Waterboys. I like the different styles, I like a common thread along the songs, I like the original sense of american music.<br />\\"Fisherman's blues\\" song remains a master piece, capable of summoning great emotions.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|back in 99 i found out about nostradamus when it was the end of the world (Y2K) phobia and people committed suicide in canada afraid of the darkness thats near ;) anyway i like these 2 cds for a start its a cool thing that in this day and age we have a classic band that still takes chances and work hard on making cds thats matter, the 2nd reason that i have voted with 5 stars is that they tell a story in a very intersting manner. long live JP and their true fans
1600241824|5.0|David Sedaris somehow knows how to reach back again and again into his personal life and give the reader a public performance that never fails to please.  Sitting with Engulfed in Flames has to be like sitting in the den listening to the author craft his experience, word by precise word, until you are on your own carpet with Sedaris's prose poking you in the ribs until you pass out from laughing.  His brilliant take on family, his twist on reality, his grasp on just the right phrasem his turning the intimate into the shared -- all of it works like a crazy quilt that engulfs the reader not in flames, but in anti-sedating hysterics even about one's own weird and painful family memories.
B00092ZMDY|1.0|Don Henley & Glenn Frey are just a couple of sell-outs. It's no longer about the music. It's just $$$ to them.  What a poor performance. They looked like they didn't want to be their. 3 of the 5 Eagles have now moved on maybe they should too.
B0017I1FNK|5.0|I've been an Emmylou Harris fan for almost three decades.  While I enjoy the majority of her music, I've always gravitated toward her ballads.  The lyrics and music of the ballads she has recorded across the years -- and most importantly, that yearning voice that instills them with the pathos of the human experience -- have always spoken to me.  Therefore, this new album, filled with songs of regret and heartache (and hope--Sailing Round the Room, with it's sweet lyrics regarding existence beyond death, is really too beautiful to even describe), is a keeper in my collection and I have a feeling that it will become my favorite Emmylou album overall.      I cannot imagine any other voice that could draw the listener into the emotions embedded in the lyrics as effectively as Emmylou's.  This is a mature album for a mature listener who has experienced the sadness and regret that instill the human experience and that eventually make or break us.  To me, the songs on the album are forms of redemption, turning the bitter heartaches of life into beautiful music that speaks to fellow travelers along the way.    This music is neither bland nor boring.  It is reflective, testamental, a tribute to Emmylou's attitude that one should make music for the sake of making music rather than seeking to please every listening audience.  It won't be to everyone's liking, nor should it be.  But for those who find Emmylou to be one of the finest balladeers of all time it will be love at first hearing.  All in all, if I could give this album more than 5 stars, I would.
B000001DYA|5.0|Straight up metal, 1968 style. This album by Blue Cheer really does have the leg up on all of the loud rockn' giants that would come around in the years to follow. And even when it comes to those giants, they may lack the pure intensity of this classic.<br />Have you ever layed awake dreaming of a heavy dose of sixties acid metal, that doesn't skimp on the acid, but never slacks on the metal either? Blue Cheer is everything the breed should be. There were other bands in this time frame that were louder than the norm, but no one hit it quite on the head the way that these guys did. Just check out the opening offering, a cover of SUMMERTIME BLUES that destroys any other... I love the original version of this song, and I even can say that The Who did some wonders with the song, but Blue Cheer morph this song into a wild swinging beast of tripped madness. All the while shouting \\"Dig THIS!\\" and choppin up the spoken word parts, by replacing them with instrumental crash fests. Insane! I can feel the awesomeness right in my face.<br />The rest just rocks out too. The tunes never get drawn out. A pair pass the six minute mark, but it certainly doesn't try to hard to do it. Every song is packed end to end with solid rock, that gets freaky on your brain. Look at these weirdos! Long hairs! Are they human? Who knows, but they can rock the block off.<br />Psychedelic sixties don't get much more trashy, fast, raw and tripped out all together, the way they could, when the Blue Cheer took on the task.<br />You may have to sacrifice a set of speakers to dig the full extent of this on high, distorted volume... but its worth it. Dig IT!!!!
B00177Y9ZC|1.0|this is a movie that could have been really good but it wasn't.  it was AWFUL.  hayden christiansen is good at playing unlikable characters but you would think this is one movie where you would want to root for the anti-hero. the premise is intriguing, the story is weak and full of holes leaving one very dissatisfied at the movie's conclusion
B000HIVO64|4.0|I have had this album now for about 2 months.  I was very hesitant to purchase after his last album (Guerro).  It is safe to say that if you were a fan of Mello Gold and Odelay that you will like and appreciate this album.  Now, I am praying that his newest album comming out July 8th will build on this.  Overall, I would highly reccomend this album.
0425220931|5.0|Although he has shamelessly \\"borrowed\\" from Richard Bach's book, 'Illusions', Victor Wooten has written an inspiring reminder for us.  He reminds us that what we wish to know we already know and that we only need to remember that.  It's a very zen and easy read; also much funnier than I had imagined it would be.  The sound of one hand slapping has never sounded so good.
B0007OCG56|5.0|I think this film works on all these levels. Some really wonderful insights into mother/daughter relationships,and I was interested in all three of them portrayed here.I also liked the underlying story of the Mexican mother and daughter who emigrate to America and their adjustment. For others interested in this type of storyline,(as I am,and the main reason I checked this film out)I would also recommend \\"Almost A Woman\\".<br /><br />This is a very sweet movie,with some very funny parts,and also some serious issues,in one neat package.
B00007KQA3|5.0|I saw this film when it was first released; it was emotionally and spiritually devastating. I had just finished the book with the knowledge that this was due for release, and felt as if I could not draw breath when leaving the theater. What great actors. I wish this was widely in print; I keep searching for it every few years hoping it will be made available at some point, but it seems not to be. The prices listed are too steep for my blood; the movie will have to live on in memory only. Time to re-read the book!!
0930289234|5.0|This makes about the 10th time I've been through this series.  It really was an amazing turning point for comics.  I caught it a few years late, but the impact was no less effective.  The shifts between current and flashback, the relationship of the side stories to events in the characters lives  - and particularly the dark, adult subject matter explaining the motivations of the various flawed characters made it so real - a little too real at my first exposure.<br /><br />Although it's not the most clever story in the whole, my favorite character to analyze has always been Dr. Manhattan.  As kids we played superheroes and the inevitable escalation of powers always led to the taunt \\"well, Superguy (or whatever) can do anything\\".  As an adult, Watchmen explored the idea of exactly what could happen to a person that can basically do anything - how it affects his mental shift, values and relationships.  It remains the most intriguing mindplay from the series, at least for me.<br /><br />I don't have to extol the values of the series; they're well documented. This series and the Dark Knight Returns series was what brought my attention back to comic books from my grade school days with Jack Kirby and Stan Lee.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|I loved the miniseries it was very well made, and the actors are great. Ive seen it at least 3 times hehehe.  This Mr. Rochester is the best one Ive seen.
080701429X|5.0|I've read this more times than I can count. The autobiographical part of the book is stirring. The details of Logotherapy wear a bit thin after many reads, just because of familiarity.<br /><br />I don't really relate to the idea of suffering as a life accomplishment - not because I devalue the trials of those who have no other choice, but just because I'm disconnected enough from it that I have trouble relating. I do continue to find the idea that a purpose is imposed on you rather than vice versa intriguing, although again, I'm not sure that I agree.<br /><br />It's a great book and everyone should at least make a lap of the biography to understand what the Holocaust looked like from an insider, particularly people like myself who have been affected by the death of loved ones.<br /><br />If you've never read it, it will be the best $7 you've ever spent.
0756404746|5.0|While I could say quite a lot about The Name of the Wind, most of it has already been said in the hundreds of reviews already written. Instead, I'll try to offer a bit of perspective.<br /><br />First and foremost, Patrick Rothfuss has an amazing talent for story writing. He knows how to draw his audience into the story, presents an immersive and intriguing world, and guides his readers through the eyes and into the mind of a person with whom many avid fantasy readers can empathize.<br /><br />Early in the story's telling, The Name of the Wind offers the reading audience an early taste of the story's end. Those readers who think of this as foreshadowing are only allowing themselves to see part of the picture. To foreshadow an event means to offer a hint of what will happen; the story is filled with examples of foreshadowing, but stating them here would spoil them for the people most likely to read this review.<br /><br />Rothfuss takes this idea further. He paints a vivid picture of the main character at what could easily be the end of his story, and fosters a curiosity in his audience as to how he came to his current state. For anyone who doesn't understand what I'm saying, consider the beginning of \\"Fight Club\\" (i.e. the opening scene of the movie). Obviously the audience knows that the main character is sitting in a chair, talking into the gun in his mouth. The story then winds back, as the narrator proceeds to weave for his audience the twisted tale of how he found himself in such a predicament.<br /><br />Some readers may balk at the sheer length of Rothfuss's story. Despite the significant length of this book, it is merely the first volume of the story, taking the reader through the main character's youth and education. Anyone who wants to read a single book and be done with the story probably won't enjoy The Name of the Wind for the simple reason that it is not the complete story. This is book one (or rather, day 1) of the \\"Kingkiller Chronicle\\", as stated in the Amazon title listing.<br /><br />Why, then, is the story so long? A character's backstory could be told in a scant few pages, if the author wishes to get it over and done, or could offer it in bits and pieces as he proceeds with his main tale. Anyone who gripes about Rothfuss's handling of the main character's backstory has missed one vital point; the backstory *is* the main story. As far as the reader can tell, we first view the main character at the end of a long journey. Rothfuss makes this abundantly clear with a single pointed statement about what the innkeeper is waiting to do. While his life may continue beyond the point of his introduction, it will likely do so in small bits and pieces as he tells his tale.<br /><br />Despite this, Rothfuss probably could have told the story in a single novel, and if he did not have such a literary talent at his disposal, likely would have done so. The decision to carry the story into the length of a full series appears to stem from a single source; immersion. By offering such a vivid picture of the main character's life, readers not only learn about it, we experience it in our own minds. We see and feel his motivations, his experiences, and his development in a way that draws us into the story, and leaves us always wanting to know what happens (or more accurately, happened) next. I know I had a very hard time putting this book down, and was thankful when the interludes reminded me that I, too, had to take a break and attend to other matters.Why, then, is the story so long? A character's backstory could be told in a scant few pages, if the author wishes to get it over and done, or could offer it in bits and pieces as he proceeds with his main tale. Anyone who gripes about Rothfuss's handling of the main character's backstory has missed one vital point; the backstory *is* the main story. As far as the reader can tell, we first view the main character at the end of a long journey. Rothfuss makes this abundantly clear with a single pointed statement about what the innkeeper is waiting to do. While his life may continue beyond the point of his introduction, it will likely do so in small bits and pieces as he tells his tale.     Despite this, Rothfuss probably could have told the story in a single novel, and if he did not have such a literary talent at his disposal, likely would have done so. The decision to carry the story into the length of a full series appears to stem from a single source; immersion. By offering such a vivid picture of the main character's life, readers not only learn about it, we experience it in our own minds. We see and feel his motivations, his experiences, and his development in a way that draws us into the story, and leaves us always wanting to know what happens (or more accurately, happened) next. I know I had a very hard time putting this book down, and was thankful when the interludes reminded me that I, too, had to take a break and attend to other matters.
1400082773|5.0|This is a well-written and inspiring non-political account of an American's life like no other. We can be a better people.
1558908846|4.0|I remember seeing this in 1995, & liked it, but like one reviewer pointed out, the press & critics ripped it apart, I had not seen it again since & caught it a while back again & really got into it again & had a hard time trying to figure out how this one could do so poorly in 1995 & \\"The Fifth Element\\" with Bruce Willis two years later in 1997 could do so well, both films are almost identical in terms of visuals & a futuristic society, only the storylines differ, my only guess is the critics had a bone to pick with Stallone, his Dredd is exactly like the comic book character, Stallone did his homework on this, this one went head to head with \\"Batman Foever\\" & opened the same day as \\"Apollo 13\\", maybe the timing was bad, who knows, In this, Stallone is Judge Dredd who in the future judges those who commit crimes in a society run amok, Diane Lane (Murder at 1600) lends support as his partner, when Dredd is wrongly accused of murder, he sets out to clear his name with Rob Scheider in tow who is fun to watch, he was clearly having a good time in this no doubt & adds comic relief, Max Von Sydow was cast perfectly as Dredd's mentor & Armand Assante chews up the scenery as Dredd's nemesis, former partner, all in all a fun movie, much like Bruce Willis' film, & impressive, but I have to say it does rip other Sci-Fi films, most notably \\"Blade Runner\\" & has shades of \\"Star Wars\\", \\"Road Warrior\\", \\"Terminator\\", & \\"Batman\\", but so did \\"The Fifth Element\\", but hey, that is what I like about.
0786298863|2.0|A pair of twins discover they're the center of a prophecy to prevent the dark elders from taking over.  The story is basically: oh, no, another hideous creature is summoned by someone worse than the last villain both of whom are at least 10,000 years old.  Repeat.  In fact everything is older than you could imagine.  Complete with parallel worlds in and around San Francisco, so careful as you drive around there - don't get caught on any unmapped roads. Also, the book seems to dwell on evil things too much and the main characters didn't really have a higher calling other than keeping the dark elders in check. The book does move along, has some funny spots, but ultimately wasn't working for me.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|This is a great new direction for a group that was in danger of self-extinguishment.  Bold new instrumentation with very catchy riffs and rhythms.  Takes a few listens to get used to, but worth the effort.  Looking forward to what comes next!
B000669GAI|1.0|Pearl Jam was a big disapointment to this listener. Do you think they could have sung a song where you could actually understood the words. What a waste of money when I bought this music.
B0018ZS49K|5.0|[[ASIN:B0018ZS49K Siddhartha by Hermann Hesse]]<br />'Siddhartha' is an allegorical novel about the spiritual transformation of an Indian man called Siddhartha in the 6th century BC.
B0001US8EO|3.0|When I am asked to sit down and watch an almost four hour movie, I want to be impressed.  I was not impressed with Wyatt Earp, though I did enjoy it and would recommend it to others.  The film suffers most from Kevin Costner. Here's a guy who has thought it his calling to make a string of 3 to 4 hour movies.  Postman, Waterworld, Dances with Wolves, and Wyatt Earp add up to a bunch of time, and a big so what.  All of the movies are good and enjoyable, and equally not great.      What must Costner have been thinking?  I can imagine.  \\"Well, I've made so many long, long movies, but none of them have truly been westerns. Sure, The Postman was close, and many of my movie buddies were in it with me. Dances.... had Native Americans and the U.S. Cavalry, but it was soooo esoterically lost that it would be hard to call it western.  So, I felt a need, a desire, a calling to make a western, so I jumped when Wyatt Earp was conceived.\\"  Surely, he knew that Tombstone was in the making.  Or was he so OUT of touch that he just didn't see it coming.  Was it the pressure of making a tv movie that caused him so much stress?  Heck, he didn't even look that convincing when he portrayed Lt. Dunbar, even though we know he was actually Kevin Costner.      Dennis Quaid hands in an admirable job as Doc Holliday, but nowhere near Val Kilmer's status as a Doc Holliday.  Nonetheless, he was incredible, and easily a highlight of the show.  Gotta go.  My eyelids are heavy, and I need to see about getting some
0743290119|1.0|Do not waste your money, time, or effort on this piece of trash. I enjoyed Devil Wears Prada immensely and thought Everyone Worth Knowing was a decent effort as well. But this third novel by Lauren Weisberger had me groaning in agony. The characters are vapid and selfish, the story line thin to non-existent, and the writing is totally disjointed. There were points in the story where I thought I was missing pages in my books because, apparently, Weisberger and her editor forgot the meaning of the word \\"transition.\\"     I also take issue with the fact that the three main female characters, who are approaching thirty, seem to be more jealous and catty than they are happy and excited when something goes well for one of them. Of course we all feel pangs of jealousy from time to time, but these young women did not one iota of emotional substance keeping them together. Nor did they have any friends besides each other. I guess that makes sense -- Who else would want to spend time with them?! I certainly wouldn't.    There is more I can say but most of it would be a repeat of what the other 1- and 2-star reviewers have already written. I am not even going to bother keeping this book around. I will donate it to a used book shop or the Salvation Army as soon as you can say \\"This book stinks!\\"
B0011V7P0A|4.0|Truthfully the music on this CD is 5 stars, but because this CD is almost exactly the same as the previous Greatest Hits CD I took off one star. Tom Petty is an amazing singer/songwriter and if you don't already own his other Greatest Hits CD, this is an excellent choice. If you do have the other release, the only additional song on this is \\"Stop Draggin' My Heart Around\\" with Stevie Nicks which is also found on her Timespace--the Best of Stevie Nicks album released in 1991. IF you don't have that amazing song, it might make sense to just download it individually.
0446691437|5.0|I have read this book through and through. It is now being passed around by my co-workers as a must read for them.
B0018QCXGY|1.0|I paid seven bucks to see this movie in a theater. There is no way I will  spend another dime on renting or buying this ______(fill in the blank}, either in standard definition or high definition.  Blu Ray?  You've got to be joking? What for? Right away, I saw what the producers had in mind which was okay for the first fifteen minutes, but then it went on and on; I got really weary. In that regard, the producers failed to pull off what it was trying to accomplish. The story was okay if you like Godzilla movies, I do, but the story wasn't the problem, the presentation was. In my opinion, the producers should have stopped at a logical place and had a transition to coventional movie making story telling.  If they had done that, I would have probably bought the Blu Ray and would have given this movie three and a half or four stars.
0440243661|2.0|I think I read the first Jack Reacher novel years ago and was turned off by the amount of violence.  I thought I would give another one of the books a try.  Wish I hadn't.  The finale of the book is basically a celebration of violence perpetrated by someone who in any state approaching reality would be an extremely dangerous sociopath.  This is fantasy for people who've never dealt with violence and death in the real world.
B00005RHGL|5.0|Having read three biographies of Wyatt Earp and having seen four Earp movies, I can honestly attest that Tombstone is without a doubt the best.  Historically, it falters, only slightly, but it stays close enough to documentation to be believed. Whether or not Wyatt Earp screamed from the train station at Tucson, \\"tell 'em I'm comin', and I'm bringin' hell with me,\\" or if Doc Holliday turned around from a tree and told Johnny Ringo, \\"I'm your Huckleberry,\\" it's all moot.  The point is Tombstone is one rockin' western, and it is without a doubt the best of any of the Earp movies. It is by far better than My Darling, Clementine, which is so far from fact that it is laughable, comical, and just plain silly.  Kirk Douglas' vehicle, Gunfight at O.K. Corral is deplorable and also lacks historical credibility.  Kevin Costner's, Wyatt Earp is long, tedious, and contains Kevin Costner.  It's a no brainer, Tombstone is the definitive Wyatt Earp movie.  And what a story it is.    Kurt Russell reaches his acting apex with this role.  He commands the screen and stands tall.  But he is over shadowed by Val Kilmer's portrayal of Doc Holliday.  Nonetheless, Kilmer and Russell team to make for the best Earp movie ever made.  Kilmer's Doc Holliday is Oscar worthy, and how he was over-looked continues to baffle me.  He is just outstanding.  Kurt Russell manages to shed himself of his career long Elvis Presely imitation long enough to hand in one the best portrayals of a western legend ever put down on film.  Sam Elliot as Virgil Earp and Bill Paxton as Morgan Earp complete the Earp family and hand in fine performances, as well.  Powers Boothe hands in a positively and hatefully fine performance as Curley Bill, Stephen Lang as a cohort, and Michael Biehn as Johnny Ringo round out the bad guys with the red sashes.       This version of the Earp legend is not to be missed.  If you like westerns, if you like reality, if you like action, romance, and subtle comedy, this movie should not bemissed.  Easily the best of the Earp movies.    If for no other reason, Tombstone should be watched for the pure pleasure of seeing what Val Kilmer can do when allowed to do his thing.  His portrayal of Doc Holliday is worth the price of the dvd.  It is simply priceless, and why he didn't win an Oscar, let alone be nominated, is just the way it goes, I guess, unfair, nonetheless.
B000060K4O|5.0|My 5 & 3 year old boys LOVED it, and now want to be Ghostbusters for Halloween.  I wasn't sure they would like it as much as I did as a high schooler in the 80's....EXCELLENT!
B00144VBBS|5.0|I am admittedly a Country Music Fan, but I have found that Toby Keith has 2-3 amazing songs per album but I rarely like tracks that don't eventually become singles. This album was my answer. This album features 35 of his best singles, including the new track \\"She's a Hottie,\\" and it is the only complete album by Toby Keith that I keep on my iPod. It is the perfect first album if you are interested in Toby Keith's music, or it will be a welcome addition to a larger Toby Keith library.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|It is easy to think of our founding fathers to be more than human. From our perspective, the freedoms and rights we enjoy are the result of the insight that these men had. This presentation gives me, the viewer, a look at the chances that these people took, risking all at times, to do what needed to be accomplished to assure \\"INDEPENDENCE FOREVER\\". Time has tested their ideals and thanks to them we are living in the most \\"free\\" nation on earth. I appreciated the attention to detail, the realistic costumes to the wonderful sets, whether real or digital.Paul Giamatti and Laura Linney were very convincing as John and Abigail. I was also blown away by the performance of David Morse as George Washington. Last but not least, I'll never think of Benjamin Franklin the same again.
B0012Q732O|1.0|This movie is not worth your money or time. Even if you watch it for free at someones house please do something more productive, like exercise by trying to dodge moving cars. Thats better than watching this movie. Its pretty much like Apocolypto but in english. Its one of those movies that looks so AMAZING from the preview, but thats the only thing worth watching. might as well watch that and see all the CGI eye candy and not bother with the whole movie
B000WZAE1I|5.0|This is a thoroughly charming movie, and a wonderful change from those that take themselves too seriously. Fantasy does not work without realistic, sympathetic characters and an original plot, and this has both. I can imagine people coming to England from all over the world, looking for old drystone walls with holes in them, hoping to find another world. The pirate fight scene is absolutely unforgettable, but only one of many. Ultimately Stardust tells us that what may be found on a quest may be better than what we set out to find - if only we can recognise it.
B000059MEK|5.0|OK, this (in my opinion) is the best Daft Punk album I've ever heard! It's a must buy for all of you Daft Punk fans!
B000N3ST9I|5.0|\\"The Blackening\\" is an epic masterpiece of metal music.  It pounds throughout the entire hour, very heavy.  By the time the CD is done, I'm always tired because my adrenaline is going strong the whole time I'm listening to it.  Awesome, awesome album.  This is their best work, and one of the top 3 albums I've ever listened to.  Go buy it as soon as you can.
B0018OAPAW|5.0|First of all, I own and listen to all the Offspring CD's. The last three where finish-the-record-contract -and-get-out throw away recordings that yielded only a couple of decent songs. \\"Ixnay\\", widely considered their finest moment, does not surpass \\"Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace.\\"<br /><br />This album is not ruined by Bob Rock. Period. What Bob did was as he always does, he tells the band to second guess its lyrical choices and push the songs until they are raw and strong.<br /><br />The lyrics here are in many ways more mature than the music and often slightly out-of-reach of the quieter vocal range Dexter needs to do them justice.<br /><br />The first half of the record is the strongest six songs Offspring has put on a record since \\"Ixnay\\" but don't forget, that record had toss-away songs like \\"Cool to Hate\\" and used lyrics like \\"Doggie doo\\" and \\"Pat on SNL\\" and while `Amazed' and `Change the World' are as strong an ending to any record ever, the songs scattered between `Gone Away' and `Amazed' are scattershot.<br /><br />This is the strongest collection they've ever released, not to point out any single song, but as a collection, an entire album worthy of your attention. Forget influences of Green Day or others, all bands are `influenced' and \\"American Idiot\\" was a blatant homage to the rock-operas of the seventies, so who cares if Offspring borrows too?<br /><br />This is the best over-all record they've ever put out, a true return to form and a worthy successor to \\"Ixnay\\" and \\"Smash.\\"<br /><br />Buy it, it's an excellent record. Period
B0017U7PT6|1.0|This movie is not worth your money or time. Even if you watch it for free at someones house please do something more productive, like exercise by trying to dodge moving cars. Thats better than watching this movie. Its pretty much like Apocolypto but in english. Its one of those movies that looks so AMAZING from the preview, but thats the only thing worth watching. might as well watch that and see all the CGI eye candy and not bother with the whole movie
B001BC2ZS6|5.0|I love this book. This was my first Steinbeck novel, and I thought it was great
B000W4KT6E|5.0|This is the most fun musical since Grease. The singing, dancing, and relevant story line will definitely put a smile on your face.
0694013013|4.0|In this book, various animals and children move parts of their body and encourage other children to do so.<br /><br />Eric Carle is truly a master of this kind of text. Each spread follows the same repetitive structure - \\"I'm a $ANIMAL and I can $VERB my $BODYPART - can you? I can do it!\\" - which makes it very suitable both for young children learning to speak and older children figuring out how to read.<br /><br />The only part I don't like is at the end, when the little boy says to his parrot (in a neat turnaround) \\"I am I, and I can wiggle my toe\\". It doesn't sound very idiomatic to me - I would say, in normal speech \\"I am me\\", or perhaps (in the form followed in the rest of the book) \\"I am a child\\" or \\"I am a person\\" or \\"I am a human\\".<br /><br />This book is also, obviously good to encourage kids to move during a rainy-day storytime, or to let them move if they always are fidgeting during storytime.
031236198X|2.0|Although \\"Our Iceberg\\" is written in the style of an illustrated children's book, my first reaction to this fable was a bit of confusion. That was especially true of JK's first point, creating a sense of urgency. How does one identify when it's appropriate to do this? The fable conveniently is based on a life-and-death matter facing the penguin colony. But are all changes a company needs to make of the same priority? Isn't there a \\"cry wolf\\" effect if you don't modulate the volume on some matters? The book doesn't give any guidance about this.    But the more I thought about the book, the more surprised I was to find some parallels with, of all things, Communism. (NOTE: SOME SPOILERS FOLLOW.) For example:  @  the communal sharing of fish for the Scouts (@102-103);  @  the Heroes Day Celebration (like Heroes of the Revolution) (@102-109; attribution of this idea to a child is also a typical literary trope from Maoist propaganda);  @  the use of saturation propaganda, in the form of slogans and posters all over the iceberg and even underwater (@80-81);  @  the silencing of dissent (No-No, the dissenting penguin) in the form of constant harassment by a team member who followed him everywhere and jabbered at him (@90-91)-- like the techniques used against dissenters during the Cultural Revolution in China;  @  the glorified image of the team of five change leaders, especially the picture @ 55-56, where they have a kind of glow behind them -- very similar to all those Soviet-style pictures;   @  the way the the original Head Penguin becomes a \\"grandfather figure\\" for the whole colony (@122) -- much like propaganda posters showing Lenin and, later, Mao similing at children and dandling babies; and even  @ the threatened destruction of the iceberg \\"from within\\" due to its own internal weaknesses -- like the Communists said would happen to capitalism (@16-17, and elsewhere), and   @ the new nomadic way of life of the penguins, who would forever be expanding their territory(@117-119)-- like the Marxist-Leninist idea that the Revolution would spread all over the world.  Isn't it ironic then, that this book is being handed out in the hundreds by some CEOs, and even shared with children?     The quashing of dissent is one of the more troubling features of this tale. Thanks to the device of its being a story with an omniscient narrator, we are able to \\"know\\" in advance that the prognosis about the iceberg is probably right. Moreover, it's an event based on the laws of physics, and can be demonstrated using physical principles (with the shattered bottle). In real business, we seldom have such a priori knowledge of the rightness of our predictions, nor is that rightness often so neatly demonstrable. This book teaches that we shoud just trust the leader's \\"visionary\\" speeches regardless, and that those who don't should be marginalized.     If this comparison is apt, it wouldn't be the first time capitalists have handed out Communist literature within a company. In 1939, the scion of Standard Oil (and future US Vice President) Nelson A. Rockefeller made company executives in Venezuela read Marx's Das Kapital, in order to understand unrest among the company's oil field workers there. (See G. Colby & C. Dennett's \\"Thy Will Be Done: The Conquest of the Amazon - Nelson Rockefeller and Evangelism in the Age of Oil\\" (1995) @90.) Unlike the case with \\"Our Iceberg\\", though, Rockefeller's goal wasn't to convert his staff to believe what was in the book.     I recognize this analysis might not persuade everyone. You might believe \\"Our Iceberg\\" is 100% capitalist all the way, without questioning whether capitalist and Communist glorifications of leadership might have more in common than we'd like to admit. If so, then when you're handed this simplistic fable and told to read it, you might at least pause to consider: why can't modern CEOs emulate Rockefeller's respect for his staff's intellectual level? Is it the respect or the intellectual level that has fallen farther? If you can figure that out, you're probably on your way to identifying some real problems in your organization.
B000WMEAKC|5.0|I knew I liked \\"Stop and Stare\\" and \\"Apologize'-THE REST OF THE ALBUM IS WONDERFUL SURPRISE, I LISTEN TO OVER AND OVER. Love it!!
B0018AK9RA|3.0|I love the Priest,but I can't figure out why they did this album? Just because you can doesn't mean you should.Is my feeling on the mighty Priest doing this concept album.   I don't see them doing big numbers with sales on this one.But I think they are at a point in their careers where they aren't that concerned about that aspect.But great production on this album,but the songs just don't GRAB me.Maybe with a few more listens I can come back here and edit this.But I guess I expected more.   For me the songs just drag along,plodding....,But props to Judas Priest for taking on such an ambitious project,IMO though it falls short.
0694003611|3.0|This book was written to be very boring, very calming.    As a result, many adults simply cannot stand it. I firmly suggest that you read the book before purchasing it or putting it on your baby registry. If you remember it from your childhood, re-read it - many childhood books seem different once you've grown up.    Then, if you still love it and don't mind the thought of reading it every night for a year (children *will* get their little fixations), go ahead and buy it! (This is actually good advice for any children's book, but especially the ones in the \\"lull them to sleep\\" group.)    If you find it a little too much... get something else.    I will note that even if you do not buy the book, many people find that saying goodnight to everything in the room (or good-bye if you're leaving the house instead of taking a nap) is a good transition activity for little children.
0385340567|2.0|I am not sure if I have anything to add to these negative reviews...except to agree with what others have said.  I found this book to be slower paced than previous Lee Child/Jack Reacher novels (which I liked/loved all previous 11).  This one is by far his worse.  I found it to be predictable throughout most of the book and most of the characters were not very developed.  As far as the political aspect, I did not like that aspect of the book as well.  It didn't seem to fit with previous Reacher books.  Of course, I will read future Reacher books and will not give up.  But hopefully, Child will go back to the Reacher roots.  I personally would love to see another prequel book (and one that was less predictable than \\"The Enemy,\\" which I feel is Child's second worst one, although still pretty good).  And in conclusion, what saved this book from being a one was how awesome it was when Reacher took on the six guys in the bar!  Need more of that.
0131177052|5.0|I think most of the information is pretty straightforward for those who have modeled objects and component packages. Anyone familiar with test driven design and other extreme programming practices probably have come to most of the same conclusions that this book shows examples of.     While it is very thorough, it is not very concise.    In the end i gave it 5 stars because it's the ONLY book that i've ever seen that gives this type of information in ANY format. I applaud the author for taking such a hard topic and putting it in writing. Sometimes I have to have examples like this to show to other developers when they 'cry' about not being able to unit test.
B000002JSN|5.0|They are without question the pinnacle of Rock n' Roll.  Each cut on this album is a slice of heaven, especially Kashmir, a Rock n' Roll symphony.  I had the honor and the privilege of seeing them in 1977 at Madison Square Garden for their Presence Tour.  I sat 6th row on the floor (tickets had to be purchased via mail, for obvious reasons), and when they descended on stage from a platform it was as if the Gods had graced mankind with their Presence (get it?). If you even have a vague interest in Led Zeppelin, this album will be among your all-time favorites.
0399226907|4.0|On the one hand, it's The Very Hungry Caterpillar - I love it (despite the upside-down butterfly on the last spread), I grew up with it, it's a great book.<br /><br />On the other hand, I'm not sure it's a book very well-suited for board book format. The best feature of the book, the holes, are too small to be much fun, and the normal audience for board books is perhaps a little young to fully enjoy this one - it's too wordy without any narrative tricks (rhyme, meter, alliteration) to pull them in.<br /><br />In retrospect, it would have been better to wait a few years and then just get the regular hardcover edition.
031236198X|4.0|This book uses a fable to illustrate the importance of understanding change as a constant, and the need for us to embrace this fact through looking at the broader spectrum.
B0015I2P0Y|1.0|Innovative and compelling? Maybe for an angst-ridden tween who's too \\"smart\\" for Fall Out Boy. But adults will quickly find themselves exhausted with Elbow's \\"Seldom Seen Kid.\\"    Where to begin? ...    \\"Starlings\\": Contains such needlessly jarring, percussive-interludes that it is difficult to listen to this track on a decent sound-system without fear of destroying one's speakers (this is hyperbole, of course). Nonetheless, the more dissonant moments seem to have no relevance to the overall work and makes it a song worthy of skipping.    \\"The Bones of You\\": Painfully muddled vocals (and, general sound). Again, there seems no reason for this other than poor production.    \\"Mirrorball\\": Here is where the REAL trouble began. I am packing my bags, getting ready to catch a flight when the words \\"I was looking for someone to complete me\\" bring my sock-folding (joke) to a grinding halt. I grab the insert and double-check ... surely, I must have heard incorrectly?! But the tiny booklet confirmed my worst fears. Eeek. [[ASIN:0800141741 Jerry Maguire]] made those words unutterable ... they are every SNL joke. Any validity this track garnered was shattered on those seven sloppy words. (And \\"planting\\" a kiss ... any other verb IN THE WORLD would have been less predictable).    \\"Grounds for Divorce\\": You wish it was about a fateful trip to Starbucks, right? Nope. It's just a whiny attempt at Blues ... and while Blues is purposely, enjoyably cliche this track is simply a mess. It feels like a journey to Mississippi that took a wrong turn in \\"SloppyElectricGuitarLand.\\" And the clapping ... you know, Finger Eleven's [[ASIN:B000MV8CZW Them VS. You VS. Me]] resurrected tacky (disco) clapping ... and because of the group's playfulness, it works. But this \\"clapping,\\" well, it's just strangely insulting. Unless, you are doing something truly innovative with \\"clapping,\\" best to leave it out on the back-porch (with the jug-band).     \\"Audience for the Pope\\": This actually has a fantasticopening (sans the irritating tambourine). But, like all these songs, the artist cannot manage to escape painful similes ... \\"like a moth to her flame\\" ... oh no. \\"Next track please!!\\" (*presses \\"skip\\" button*)    (A number of tracks are now skipped as a result of them all being a muddy reflection of each other).    \\"One Day Like This\\": Nothing like opening a track with your local high-school string section. Excruciating. (*presses \\"eject\\"*)    If you dig bad dynamics, clapping, tambourines, and cliches then grab \\"The Seldom Seen Kid.\\" If not, then go \\"old-school\\" and try some Morphine [[ASIN:B0000009OP Cure for Pain]] ... same sentiment, but REALLY, REALLY well executed!
0060989157|4.0|I grew up to Motley Crue. In fact, Shout At The Devil was the first LP that I bought. Believe it or not, it sold for $6.66 at Galaxy of Sound in '83. I followed this band up until Girls,Girls,Girls (which was an absolute joke of a record). They had 2 good albums - Too Fast For Love and Shout At The Devil. Theatre Of Pain was so-so.   I got The Dirt to read about the behind the scenes of the music industry from a musician's point of view. I knew what I knew about Motley Crue through the rock magazines over the years. An interview is different than a tell-all from the band themselves.  This book was definitely entertaining....like a car crash. Although I found myself disgusted many times while reading, I couldn't put it down either. It is your typical sex, drugs, and a little rock n roll. Cliche and boring really.   They were a self-absorbed, excessive band that clearly had no respect for themselves or anyone else. Although I am a believer in freedom, one has to have some type of code of conduct. They didn't which made me lose whatever respect I had left for them.  I am a firm believer in honesty no matter how brutal so my hat goes off to them for that, but sometimes things are better left unsaid. I mean, really, I never thought they were great musicians (except for Tommy) to begin with, but after reading this book - they weren't much as human beings either.   Of course, the blame game begins where that is concerned, too. Bottom line is we all make our own choices and must own up to and live with those choices. Grow up, boys. You were rock stars because you got lucky.   You were not larger than life. In fact, you were overrated wastes of human lives.
1564029654|3.0|It's a good little book - mom is gone, the kids worry, mom comes back and everybody is happy.    But I really can't get the kids to show very much interest in it, and I don't often choose it to read either.
B00005JNX0|3.0|Why is it, whenever another major studio tries to do an animated film it usually sucks?<br />Shrek is the only exception.<br />Madagascar is still a fun movie with great animation.<br />The script and story line is pleasant and fun to watch.<br />It's not too scary or too serious for the youngins.<br />All in all, it's not The Lion King but it's still good for kids.<br />Adults may be a bit bored by it. I was.<br />It's definitely worth a rental.
0316143472|4.0|This book is excellent!  For everyone that couldn't get past chapter three-- i recommend actually Reading the book.  Mr. Sedaris's delightful sense of humor shines throughout.<br /><br />p.s. avoid if you do not appreciate subtlety...feel free to use the word \\"dull\\"
0553062182|5.0|Not only is there nothing wrong with me, my HSP traits are an asset!  Finally, a positive book on being highly sensitive.  Dare I say, this book is my bible.  I made my brother read it too, and he found it extremely helpful also.  I am grateful for this book.  Thank you Elaine.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Fourth time around, Coldplay return with a CD produced by legendary Brian Eno. There had been rumours of what musical direction the band would head into; World music or even Hip Hop (especially with Chris Martin appearing on albums by Jay-Z and Kanye West) were touted. Well, a listen to the album will allay the fears of those who loved their old sound, as well as arm critics with more grist to work with.<br /><br />Yes, there are smatterings of influences; the Indian sitar sounds on \\"Yes\\" (with an upbeat, rockier coda and Martin singing in an uncharacteristically lower register), or even the gentle piano ballad \\"42\\" (with the poignant opening lines \\"Those who are dead, are not dead, they're just living in my head\\" - deeply personal to me just now) which morphs into an upbeat skittery rocker, but this is still basically a Coldplay album.<br /><br />And that's not necessarily a bad thing, especially for people like me who love their music. Opening is the sweeping ambient and chiming instrumental \\"Life in technicolor\\", followed by the lovely \\"Cemeteries of London\\" (chiming guitars and \\"la las\\"). The clap-filled \\"Lost\\" with church organs reminds me a wee bit of \\"Fix you\\".<br /><br />The pulsing U2-like \\"Lovers in Japan\\" ends in a gentle piano coda, while the incredibly catchy violin filled \\"Viva la vida\\" (with allegorical lyrics about a king and his kingdom, life and death) has topped the US and UK charts despite it not having being released officially as a single yet in the UK.<br /><br />Lead-off single \\"Violet hill\\" is a piano ballad with bursts of fuzzy guitars. \\"Strawberry swing\\" with choppy and chiming guitars, is followed by closing cut, the piano ballad \\"Death and all his friends\\" which shifts tempo into a progressive rocker, ending as a tinkling ballad.<br /><br />So, at the end of it all, we still have the same old Coldplay with a few ambient and even oriental flourishes thrown in to shake things up a wee bit. I see their very wordy titled album making many end of year best album lists. Viva la Coldplay!Coldplay!
B00003CXB4|5.0|I haven't made my distaste of past Disney films a big secret.<br />I'm sorry, I just can't stand the singing every five seconds.<br />That's probably why I go for the Pixar films.<br />The Lion King is a tad different, for some reason the songs just don't grate on my nerves as much as previous Disney films.<br />The animation is simply stunning, and the story itself is fun.<br />I still don't understand why Disney had to put in the word \\"sex\\" when the lion lays down in that big puff of grass.<br />Don't believe me? Try pausing the screen at that part.<br />It's clear as day.<br />?????<br />Why?<br />Was it a former employee who did it as a joke?<br />It doesn't belong in this kind of movie; I don't care who did it or what their motives were.<br />Ok, ok, ok, be nice enough to read the comment below.<br />Someone pointed out a link that reveals the letters are sfx (special effects)<br />It makes more sense than sex.<br />But I guess people are still debating this so I'll leave my above remarks intact.<br />Make you own decision.<br />Mine is SFX. I still can't believe Disney would take such a stupid risk.<br />Still, as a whole, The Lion King is probably my favorite Disney film and I give it my highest recommendations for everyone.
0316143472|4.0|I am a huge David Sedaris fan, and having said that I was prepared to be laughing my you-know-what off with every turn of the page.  I had eagerly awaited the publication of this book as my summer reading treat.  As I began to read, I was slightly disappointed because (as others have mentioned) this is not the side-splitter I was expecting.  However, I finished the book and ended up really enjoying it for what it is---a collectiton of essays from a neroutic, obsesive former smoker and alcoholic.  (And I mean all of those in the very best way possible!)  Sedaris' observations are interesting, peppered with clever analogies and occasionally downright hilarious.  Reading this reminded me of the kooky conversations we all have in our heads at times, and it made me want take a trip with Sedaris just to have him narriate for me!  It is definitely worth the read!
B000MRAAJM|1.0|I ordered this Blue=ray disc from a company through Amazon and NEVER received it or any communication ever from them even after three e-mails.  I have gone through the Amazon AtoZ guarantee and want my credit card credited for this purchase.  It has scared me away from purchasing on-line from a company even if it is oked by Amazon.  Hopefully , by July 4th I will have gotten my money back and will at least have my faith restored in Amazon.  The company was called Undercutters and then later called Cannot Remember.  I have bought through Amazon for years and this is the first BAD experience, but I want my money back.
B00005IC2H|5.0|I am at a loss, attempting to understand how any human with ears and emotional capabilities could give this album any less than the full 5 stars.  This music is on the very fringe of being able to be described through language...  The best I can muster is surreal, ethereal, intricate, awing... This album contains both my first and second favorite songs (\\"Virar vel til loftrsa\\" and \\"Svefn-g-englar\\", respectively)... both of these tracks actually moved me to tears.    Upon my first listen of this album, I knew it was something special.  But alas, it required numerous listens to REALLY get down to the core of this deep album, as good music should.  All I can say is that you must give the album a fair chance, and always listen to it in its entirety.  It is not a haphazard collection of individual tracks, clumsily sewn together.  While I earlier mentioned particularly adoring 2 tracks, really, this album functions as 1 whole unit, and it begs for your full attention- so turn off your shuffle and truly dedicate yourself to appreciating and lavishing this masterpiece.    This album is a profound adventure through a breathtaking soundscape.  Do yourself a favor and get this album.  If not.. just know that there will be a gaping void festering in your life until you do.  This album is a necessity.
0316067601|1.0|I am usually a big fan of books on current (and not so current) military history, especially the ones that contain first-hand accounts.  I count Generation Kill, Black Hawk Down and Band of Brothers among my all-time favorite books.  As you can imagine, I was really excited to read Luttrell's Lone Survivor.  Unfortunately, I was rather disappointed by it.  First of all, as much of a military hero as Luttrell may be, he is really not much of a writer.  He overuses adjectives to try to make his prose come off as elevated, but it only comes off as inexperienced (for example, he talks about Saddam Hussein's \\"hidey-hole\\".  I mean, do we really need the adjectives \\"murderous\\" and \\"evil\\" before every mention of Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden?  It's not like we've never heard of them or their actions before.  He also bombards you with his opinion on just about everything, from the media to politics to religion, and comes off as extremely closed-minded and even xenophobic (he talks about Arabs wearing \\"colorful towels\\" on their heads).  I think that if he had simply stuck to telling his story without inserting his preachy personal opinion into it, the book would have been greatly improved.  Also, this story could have benefited from a much more capable second writer than Robinson, who did not seem to add much to Luttrell's tired prose.<br />I really wanted to like this book, trust me.  I kept reading it despite my initial negative reaction to it, but it definitely was not worth those hours of my life that I spent reading it.  Read Generation Kill instead.[[ASIN:0425224740 Generation Kill]]
B0015D3Z4O|5.0|well, this has more hardcore dance grooves than the confessions album.  on the previous album, i think madonna was gearing for more radio friendly songs, this album has more of a club feel to it with a harder edge.  basically, you'd still be dancing even after a few drinks lol! so everyone knows 4 minutes and give it to me *those songs sound so much better on the cd/mp3 than on youtube!* here are some other songs that i think kick a$$: candy shop, heartbeat *my #1 pick on the album*, miles away, incredible, beat goes on, dance tonight.  all the songs sound way better on the finished product that on any online video site.  for her last album with warner, she def. went out with a huge bang...but hey, she's madonna right? remember when we had her records and cassette tapes back in the 80s?  so a definite good choice to add to your music collection~
B0012Q732O|5.0|I agree with Anthony Rodriguez \\"Surgical Steel\\". All you people act like it matters that it isn\\"t historically accurate. WHO CARES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It is entertaining. So what if you don't like the accuricy of it.  Do you think  many people care? **** No!!!!!!!!!!!
B0018AK9RA|4.0|Its the kind of cd you need to be in a black room with a big picture of Nostradamus glowing on the wall passing around some joints with all your Judas Priest buddies from the 80's sit back and enjoy only if I was 25 years younger! GOOD CD.
B0017I1FO4|5.0|There are many words that can explain this new cd from Shinedown, some being (but not limited to) astonishing, brilliant, and mind-blowing.  Lead singer Brent Smith, who has struggled through the loss of his two guitarist quite possibily has developed the best rock album of the century yet.      Stand-alone hard tracks this album contains include Devour, Sound of Madness, Cyanide Sweet Tooth Suicide and Cry for Help, all of which show maturity and development from the previous two cds.  Slower tracks, such as The Crow and the Butterfly, If You Only Knew and Call Me are just as good if not better than the previous album (such as Shed Some Light, I Dare You and Someday).  After mentioning all these tracks, I have not even mentioned my personal favorite, What A Shame, which knocked me off my feet the first time I heard it.    This album represents pure genius in the modern rock and roll era.  Shinedown's passion, devotion to fans and ambition to keep rock and roll alive in the world is a blessing to all rock and roll fans in existence, and hopefully they will stay around for years and years to come.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|Let's face it, you're not gonna buy this set unless you have seen and love Friends... so, I'm not gonna tell you how great this show is.  This is a great set, it really is.  If you're like me and have been watching the shows in syndication, you will find that there are a LOT of scenes that you haven't seen and/or haven't seen for a long time, as they leave out quite a bit in syndication.  Also, if you decide to buy the set used, beware that most used copies come without the color booklet that explains everything... a really important part of the set.
0321544080|1.0|I was expecting a well written book by a expert in his field. This book was well reccomended by Scott Kelby which was good enough for me. I was highly dissapointed. The entire book was based around how he used thousands of dollars worth of lighting to get ordinary pictures. I understand lighting is important but 240 pages of how he lit his pictures was to much. No real insite to how he composed or planned the pictures. Or even the camera set up he used. I am no expert but I do know when something is written to make a couple of dollars. The last 14 pages of the book is a glossary of the terms he used in the book (some made up). I read the entire book in a evening. Some comments were interesting but woke up the next morning trying to remember a single thing I liked about the book. Only thing I can remember is that he uses a lot of very expensive lighting for his shots.   Shame on Scott Kelby for reccomending this book.
B0018CWEYY|2.0|They have to charge less when they are short 10 episodes! This is not fair.
B0017APQ1K|1.0|Disney just slapped the old transfer made for the DVD on this BD disk. The DVD was notorious for bad image quality with grotesquely overdone digital sharpening and noise filtering. The Blu Ray is the same, justh with additional resolution to see all the uglyness with enhanced clarity.   This is a crap transfer that should be withdrawn immediately or it will damage Disney's reputation of releasing high quality HD disks. Yes, it is this bad compared to the state of the art from Disney and other studios.
B00177Y9ZC|4.0|The concept behind \\"Jumper\\" is simple.<br /><br />\\"Jumpers\\" possess the ability to transport from place to place in an instant, distance notwithstanding. Enter David Rice, and his discovery of his ability to immediately appear where ever he chooses. Leaving home at age 15, he sets down roots in New York, and borrows a little money to tide him over for a few years. Where do you go when the world is only a second, a blink, a thought away? What do you do when nothing is beyond your reach?<br /><br />Six years passes, and as a young twentyish, stylish leaper, he learns the ugly truth. He is not alone. And someone is trying to kill him!<br /><br />As long as there have been jumpers, there have been the hunters, the paladins. Armed with weapons that harness electricity to distract a jumpers' active brain power, the paladins track, trap, and kill any jumper within their grasp. David, after escaping from his New York apartment, leaps to his fathers' house and then shows up at a local pub where his almost girl friend works. Millie, surprised to seem David, travels to Rome where they see the sights, and face their own death match in the Colliseum.<br /><br />There are many rules to jumping. No friends are safe. Trust no one. No family is safe. No lovers are safe. Keep one step ahead.<br /><br />He learns the validity of each of the rules as he and Millie run from New York to Paris to Egypt and back. The chase scene is outstanding as action jumps back and forth in a stacatto esque rythymn. Gotta love the top of the Sphynx shots and the bus materializing in the desert outside of Cairo too. The special effects team truly achieved excellence in this production.<br /><br />Cast-wise, Hayden Christiansen, Samuel L Jackson, and Jamie Bell are excellent in their roles. Hayden gives an aloof performance as David Rice, complete with the angst he portrays so well. Mr Jackson IS the hunter, and throughout the film, his intensity is consistant, giving the film the edge Christiansen leaps from for his fly by the seat of his pants character.<br /><br />Technically, this is a film based on a series of novels by Steven Gould. If we look to other sources, Kitty Pryde of the New Mutants (X Men) exhibited a similar ability. The transporters of Star Trek served to advance the stories in a similar time frame. Regardless of the source, and the brilliance of the original work, the film does seem incomplete and the end is disappointing. Live to jump another day...unless a sequel offers a definite end to the eternal battle between Jumper and Bumper, don't bother.<br /><br />Enjoy the film for the light moments, and the spectacular special effects.<br /><br />Then read the books.<br /><br />Www.jumperdvd.com<br /><br />Tim Lasiutacharacter.     Technically, this is a film based on a series of novels by Steven Gould. If we look to other sources, Kitty Pryde of the New Mutants (X Men) exhibited a similar ability. The transporters of Star Trek served to advance the stories in a similar time frame. Regardless of the source, and the brilliance of the original work, the film does seem incomplete and the end is disappointing. Live to jump another day...unless a sequel offers a definite end to the eternal battle between Jumper and Bumper, don't bother.    Enjoy the film for the light moments, and the spectacular special effects.    Then read the books.    Www.jumperdvd.com    Tim Lasiuta
B0015XASFS|5.0|I bought this for my wife. I personally cannot stand to watch this guy, but like most women, she loves him, and really loves this set.  It is a good buy for the woman in your life!
0307265730|2.0|Lahiri gets a free pass for having a Pulitzer and for being Indian-American.  I find her writing altogether prosaic, with not a single paragraph worth lingering over.  To be sure this is a biased opinion.  On the other hand, I am surprised that nobody has noticed the lapses in grammar, syntax, idiom and vocabulary, and instances of plain silliness, that occur so frequently in her work as to nullify any credit she deserves for her narratives.  Apparently Lahiri thinks little of the process of revision, a major preoccupation with good writers; certainly, she doesn't have an conscientious editor.  Here are things I found irksome in her first story :  P3 : Eurorail ;  pensions  P4 : receive mail on his end  P5 : In a few months ... the trips would diminish.  P6 : waiting for the time to pass  P10 : nurtured inside of her  P23 : never one to be conversant during meals  P28 : In spite of his jet lag he had trouble falling asleep  P32 : opened up the cupboard  P33 : spouses dying within two years of one another  P37 : part time litigation ;  the parking lot where the swimming pool was ;  she told her father to wait on the benches.  P43 : It would be another four weeks until the amnio, allowing them to learn the sex.  P44 : buried things into the soil  P45 : While her father was in the shower, she made tea ;  and the house was filled with silence.  P51 : the day before her father was scheduled to leave ;  Saturday morning, ..., the garden was finished.  P55 : everything he'd purchased  P57 : to put a bill into the mail  This is poor writing indeed, by my standards.  As for her literary skills, Lahiri writes like an author of non-fiction, telling us story and background without accepting the challenge of showing these.   Judging from the high praise in this forum, winning a Pulitzer has elevated Lahiri to being the spokesperson of the Indian-American experience and ethos.  But for the accident of her birth, I find her to be neither particularly Indian nor particularly Bengali.  With a few culinary adjustments, she could be writing about Turkish or Malaysian immigrants.
B000W8OM5Y|3.0|By now William Wallace's battle cry for freedom has gone down in cinematic history, and why not? It's a rousing speech that drives a group of historical underdogs to victory in a battle that they certainly had no business winning. And as an added bonus Americans love the concept of freedom. So even though we aren't free at all the image of Mel Gibson up there screaming, \\"But they can never take....our FREEDOM!!!\\" is just the kind of foot stomping jolt that can fool the masses into caring about Scottish history. The film itself hasn't done too bad either, winning that best picture statue and all, and it is a perfectly solid throw back to an earlier time. Wallace fights bloody, beautifully show battles to avenge the murder of his bride and to promote \\"freedom\\" in the face of British imperialism (13th Century Style). The characters are broadly drawn (the crazy Irishman, the dim witted brute, the evil King) and the plot is less than adventurous. The values pander to a middle class audience (have a family, brains over brawns, don't rape brides on their wedding days) so all in all the average movie goer is well taken care of. I even caught myself becoming emotionally involved in the cause of the Scots, but that could just be due to the anti-imperialist in me. Gibson, as director, is able to produce real magic with some of his shots and nothing he does here takes away from his reputation as a born storyteller.<br /><br />What was most interesting to me was to see how much of this film foretold the future of Gibson's oeuvre. We have a trip into an obscure moment in history that ultimately results in a pretty conventional action flick (\\"Apocalypto\\"). We see his obsession with all things Christ and torture related (\\"Passion of the Christ\\"). And yes I know he didn't direct it but we see a dumbed down, Americanized version of this exact story in \\"The Patriot.\\" I liked this movie and I liked \\"The Patriot\\" but now I'm questioning whether or not it was only made to sell the same tale to xenophobic types who aren't comfortable rooting for non-Americans. Who knows. I do know that I respect his ability to cater to modern tastes in an attempt to school people on parts of history that they should know about and would find entertaining. Unlike his hero, Gibson is willing to compromise. And while that may mean that this is not a great film it does mean that he reached a far greater audience than had he strictly stuck to the script that the history books provide. ***1/2xenophobic types who aren't comfortable rooting for non-Americans. Who knows. I do know that I respect his ability to cater to modern tastes in an attempt to school people on parts of history that they should know about and would find entertaining. Unlike his hero, Gibson is willing to compromise. And while that may mean that this is not a great film it does mean that he reached a far greater audience than had he strictly stuck to the script that the history books provide. ***1/2
B0015D3Z4O|5.0|It's been three years since the disco flavors of Confessions on a Dancefloor.  Madonna returns with another dance album, Hard Candy, though these confections have a harder edged, bass flavor, encouraging new fans to give the cd a spin while challenging loyal fans to widen their own musical appreciation.    Favorite tracks are:  Candy Shop (sexy, \\"talky\\" Madonna extolling the turkish delights and other goodies for sale), Give It 2 Me (best song on the album, driving \\"Express Yourself\\"-type gem, nice breakdown), Heartbeat (see my booty get down, indeed), Beat Goes On (second best song, original change of register during the chorus, beautiful chorus), and Dance2nite (Justin stands out here, partnering with Madonna on a mid-tempo \\"Everybody\\" groove - just lovely).    Least favorite tracks (only 2):  First Single 4 Minutes didn't rise to the majestic occasion of a lead-off Madonna single.  I find it semi-boring, a mish-mash.  Sorry.  Second least favorite is Spanish Lesson.  I've enjoyed Madonna's prior latin flavors, including La Isla Bonita, but this one leaves me a little flat, wanting more.      All in all, I rate this a 5-star Madonna effort.  I love the change in direction, challenging us as she works to update and grow her music.  I'm looking forward to the Sticky and Sweet Tour, to experience some of these gems live onstage.
0566080389|5.0|Stories are one of the best ways to teach and Eliyahu Goldratt is a master story teller!  In Critical Chain Goldratt weaves a tale to teach concepts to project managers on how to drive down schedule time, and reduce product cost using Theory of Constraints (TOC).  It is an extension of the concepts taught in the Goal, but this time for project management rather than process management.<br /><br />The problem management (at a factitious company) face in this book is their products have a short life span (6 months), but a long development time (2 years). Consequently they have to continually develop new products.  To compound their problems, if they miss picking a good product, or launch an inferior product they could loose significant market share.  Company loyalty just isn't what it used to be.<br /><br />Fortunately, management realizes it is not a matter of \\"if\\" but \\"when\\" they will stumble.  They assign a tiger team of young blood to drive down development time.  This team has no idea where to start, and this book is the story of their journey of discovery.<br /><br />The reader is taken on the journey with the team and learns about resources, bottlenecks, buffers, critical paths, constraints and more.  By learning how to apply The Theory of Constraints the team (and the reader)  is able to discover ways of reducing product development time significantly.<br /><br />Overall, this is another excellent book by Eliyahu Goldratt.  I learned a great deal from the Goal and Critical Chain.  Goldratt is on a mission to change project management (and process management) from an art to a science. He does a great job at providing the tools and techniques for anyone willing to learn and apply these powerful concepts!<br /><br />[[ASIN:0595437087 The Re-Discovery of Common Sense: A Guide to: The Lost Art of Critical Thinking]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:0884271781 The Goal: A Process of Ongoing Improvement]]
B0009S2T0M|3.0|The thing about Oldboy is that it leaves you thinking long after the credits. The next night after seeing it, I ended up dreaming I was trapped in a hotel room, with my hair growing out of control, with the exception being that there was no TV. It certainly makes you think how you would cope in that situation - the only situation similar to that would be prison. But at least in prison you get some luxuries.<br /><br />The story is based around Oh Dae-Su, who is taken from the streets after a drunken night out, and held prisoner in a hotel-style room, with no way out and nothing but the TV for company. He keeps up with the events of the world through this, and also learns of his wife's death and his young daughter's subsequent adoption. When his hair needs cut, or his room needs cleaned, he's gassed. After 15 years he's released, to a whole new world, and a wallet full of a cash, and a mobile phone.<br /><br />What happens after that is an absolute whirlwind of emotions and imagery. I won't spoil any of the film for you, but be prepared to concentrate. Unfortunately, the film does lose its momentum part way through, and then it all comes together at the end.<br /><br />When you think you know exactly what is happening in this film, it takes a sudden twist, and you're left thinking again, and puzzling over it, trying to work out what's happening, and where it's going before it gets there. The film comes to an absolute through-provoking climax, where I was still left wondering what on earth was going on, and it will take a few minutes to work it out. But I did go home babbling about it to my dad (who'd already seen the film) which is normally a good sign.<br /><br />I didn't really like Sympathy For Mr Vengence, but Oldboy has more than made up for that. It's a thought provoking and intriguing movie and yes, gives you a reason to watch it again.
B001ACY8D2|5.0|That is what Sigur Ros's 2008 studio album, Me su &iacute; eyrum vi spilum endalaust, translates to in English. This album sees the band breaking some new ground. This album is essentially a follow-up to two different Sigur Ros projects: the first being the emotional tour-de-force Takk... and the band's recent documentary, Heima, in which the band travels all over the Icelandic countryside doing shows for the people of the villages, many of them with very stripped down acoustic sets. If you've heard the first single, Gobbledigook, and you think Sigur Ros has sold out, think again. Granted this song is very much outside of their artistic tendencies, but this opening cut is really an outlier on the album. The rest of the album is very much a more optimistic, nonetheless, very Sigur Ros album. While we hear songs of epic scale like \\"Festival\\" and \\"Ara batur,\\" we also hear more folky, stripped down arrangements from the band, most notably in \\"Illgresi.\\" I think Sigur Ros is trying with this album to appeal to a broader audience without losing their soul to the music industry, and I think they've done it. This is evidenced by the band using more conventional and complicated song structures  rather than repeating structures that unfold in an ebb and flow kind of way, varied instrumentation, shorter song lengths, shorter overall album length, and surprisingly enough, one song with ENGLISH lyrics. I think the band has found a niche with this album, being able to appeal to more than the people who listen to what Pitchfork media and Bob Boilen tell them to listen to, and yet, I think Pitchfork media and Bob Boilen will also tell us to listen to them. I think that with Me su &iacute; eyrum vi spilum endalaust, the music snobs (of which I am a proud member) and the general public will find common ground. And with the nude frolickers on the cover art, who wouldn't at least be intrigued by this quartet from Iceland led by a guy who prefers to play his guitar with a cello bow?
B00005JPS7|5.0|I almost didn't go to see Iron Man because it didn't look very interesting but I took a chance and saw it and guess what? It was the best Marvel movie I have ever saw. Iron Man rules. If I were you I would buy Iron Man on DVD no questions asked.
B000002L9M|4.0|The reviewer describes this album as having a big black cloud that hangs over you and forces you to buckle down.  Well, it does have a big black cloud, but It's a cloud that you will never want to part with once you savor it.  Oh yes.<br /><br />Despite that, this album really isn't gloomy.  It still seems a bit sensual, you know how Depeche Mode can be.  Maybe a bit like Violator's tone, only darker and tailor for solitude between two people, or something of that nature.  The synths, effects, drums, and vocals are a lot more dark, and there are some really cool effects.  The tracks aren't that dense, but there is not much happiness.  All of this while being strangly catchy, though far removed from the poppier stuff of that era like Duran Duran and The Cure (Just like Heaven kind of material). -<br /><br />I could say that the album peaks early.  Black Celebration celebrates the darkness, and I couldn't agree more.  There's nothing wrong with all times of day!  I'd even say that there are six awesome songs in a row.  The \\"death could strike us so let's do it\\" theme of Fly of the Windscreen and the two beautiful songs that follow suit.  It Doesn't Matter Two, with it's creepy yet comforting choir of vocals, is a highlight for me, and A Question of Time asks that question that many fathers/brothers/sisters/maybe guys that actually love a girl and don't want to just _______ her because she's hot, are subconciously aware about but dare to hide it in them.  The rest of the album fails to keep up the steady stream of awesomeness (not a word but I don't care), but A World Full Of Nothing is really good.  Dressed In The Black is one of my favorites, either about BDMS (look it up), or maybe just how the color black (on girls) makes some people go insane, for some weird reason (I personally find black on girls really attractive, though not in a weird creepy fetish way).  Maybe that's it, but the instrumentation is awesome on it's own, and one of the reasons why it kicks [...].<br /><br />There are some gripes, not very big, but enough to bring down the grade (remember, just because there isn't anything naturally wrong with the songs, doesn't mean it's automatically brilliant or five stars).  There are plenty of songs that pale in comparison to the better tracks.  These tracks are Here is the House, Stripped, New Dress, and not Tonight.  These songs are, though, listenable, but not awesome or anything like that.  There is no sub-par song in Black Celebration, but those songs are just not as good as the rest of the songs.<br /><br />Still though, it still sounds good listening to it the whole way through.<br />Great stuff with a dark edge to it.  The remastered version with a DVD is great too (it's the copy I got), but it is missing But Not Tonight (because that song was not released on the album in the UK when the album was first released).  I guess that's it.<br /><br />8.5/10ome gripes, not very big, but enough to bring down the grade (remember, just because there isn't anything naturally wrong with the songs, doesn't mean it's automatically brilliant or five stars).  There are plenty of songs that pale in comparison to the better tracks.  These tracks are Here is the House, Stripped, New Dress, and not Tonight.  These songs are, though, listenable, but not awesome or anything like that.  There is no sub-par song in Black Celebration, but those songs are just not as good as the rest of the songs.      Still though, it still sounds good listening to it the whole way through.   Great stuff with a dark edge to it.  The remastered version with a DVD is great too (it's the copy I got), but it is missing But Not Tonight (because that song was not released on the album in the UK when the album was first released).   I guess that's it.    8.5/10
B0018QCXFK|3.0|Penguins, Toys, Cars, Monsters and now Bees have their own light using the brilliance of computer animation and when hearing that Seinfeld, THE Jerry Seinfeld was himself writing and voicing one of the characters I was sure this movie would not fail to amuse. I have to admit that watching this film I was very disappointed, and that was simply because a man who can be named by many as being one of the greatest comedians of our time had stooped so low as to use Bee puns in order to get a laugh. During the movie things changed however and when Barry Benson entered into the court case when suing the humans, we are given some genuinely funny gags that can be attributed as funny yet true.<br /><br />The story revolves around Barry Benson a Bee who's graduated from Bee University and is now forced to make a choice as to which job in the hive to take that he will work for the rest of his life. He isn't happy with that and decides to go out one day with the pollen jocks who are the bees who go out and collect the pollen to help make the honey. While on this trip he's accidentally lost and meets a human who saves his life, he thanks her and they become friends (Although she's freaked out by a talking bee). While out with her one day shopping he discovers the honey shelf and finds out the humans kidnap bee queens and hold captive bees in order for them to make honey in artificial hives. Because of this, Barry decides he must punish the humans and sues them.<br /><br />Although the comedy does lack, it picks up towards the end and actually becomes quite intelligent. During the court case itself you can't help but notice the racial undertones when talking about bees being taken as slaves in work camps etc. John Goodman plays the stereotypical southern lawyer who is in favour of the bees being taken as slaves in work camps. The movie itself is quite intelligent especially when touching on the subject of lawsuits and the true repercussions a lawsuit can have. It's an enjoyable film but if you're expecting a hysterical Seinfeld classic then you will be sorely disappointed, it's good but be warned.expecting a hysterical Seinfeld classic then you will be sorely disappointed, it's good but be warned.
3822856282|2.0|I bought this book on a whim. I liked the concept of the book and I saw some nice photos from it, like the one on the cover. The content however, dissapoints. The photo's just aren't very good. The overall atmosphere is that of 1990's amateur nude photography.     Perhaps not much more can be expected of non-photographers. But I was hoping for a charming, low-fi low-tech DIY look that would make up in personality for what it lacks in professionality. In stead, it's aiming for a high-key 'glamour' look and failing miserably.     I also thought the idea of having the camera and cable release in most of the photos would be charming, but in stead I found it distracting. Paradoxically, I feel a good photographer would have been less noticeably there than the cable release is - in other words, the photos would have felt more private if they had been shot by someone else.    Interesting to browse through once or twice but not a book I could recommend.
0385720920|3.0|I agree with the other reviews-if you are disgusted by vivid and dirty sex, poop, snot, bodily fluids of all sorts, old people and monkeys, this book probably isn't for you. If you can deal, you will only be rewarded with a mediocre story at best. The whole novel feels like it is jammed with needless uncomfortable descriptions for the sake of making people uncomfortable. If creating a sense of unease helped move the story along, I would be fine with the device...but it didn't help an already weak story. Parts of the novel would have made great short stories, but as a whole it just wasn't strong enough to make me feel anything. And I'm sorry, but if I read \\"but it's the first thing that comes to mind\\" again, I thought I was going to start screaming. That was worse torture than the monkey and the chestnuts description.
B0016B6ZKG|4.0|A solid comeback to the dancefloor for Summer who has waited way too long to record a new record.  This one has some good stomping beats and high powered vocals (maybe tampered with a bit too much).  Still, Summer is Summer and she's great at what she does.  Why she sounds so much like Tina Turner on one of these tracks is confounding and strange, but otherwise good fun!<br /><br />Update 7/12/08 - Just saw Donna tonight in concert in Boston.  Her voice is still AMAZING live.  A great evening.  The entire crowd was singing along and dancing all evening.  A great shared experience.  All the songs from the new album tranlslated very well to her live performance.  See it if you can!
B000UBMWG4|4.0|This box set is great for any Blade Runner fan, it comes with all the extras you want. If you've never seen the movie I recommend just renting the theatrcal version and then decide to purchase this product. From experience people either love or hate this movie. I happen to love this film and enjoyed the box set with all the extras.
B0015D3Z4O|3.0|I would be really embarrassed to sing some of these songs.  Even with my teen nieces.  I like tracks 3 and 4, but some of this stuff, well ... it's just not going to age well.  Not that some of her earlier work isn't a tad girlish and young, but she did record those when she was girlish and young.  I remember when Liza Minelli did her dance/electronica record with the the Pet Shop Boys and people said \\" oh my God, she is so old ...\\"  I think Madonna is older than that now.  Right, Miss One-Stop Candy Shop?  Get back into the groove cuz you only got 4 minutes to save the world.
B0016K40KY|5.0|Found this film to be well written and executed.  Classic Film that should be in everyone's film libtary
B000002U8I|5.0|Gosh - I cannoit tell you how often we played this one when it first came out.  Every single song is clearly etched in my mind.  I love this album.  I even remember watching Tina at the MTV and Grammy awards that year.  Well deserving of all the praise, this is a classic.  Extended remix of I Can't Stand the Rain = Flawless.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|I am a huge fan of Coldplay and I have loved all their CDs so far. I agree with what critics and other reviewers have been saying - this album is different from Coldplay's other albums, but I don't think it's drastically different, and for the most part, I think it's just as good.    To me, a few things set this album apart. One, the songs aren't the typical 3 or 4 minute tracks; they often begin one way and then turn into something else, or blend into another song. There are also a couple of hidden tracks. I would say \\"Viva La Vida\\" is the most \\"traditional\\" kind of song, which is probably why it was chosen as their single. I don't really love when a song is 7 minutes because it's actually two songs in one, but that's how they chose to do it.    The second difference is that this CD sounds a little more worldly, with more styles of music, and I think it works really well. I like most of the songs, but my favorites are probably \\"Cemeteries of London,\\" \\"Lost!\\", \\"42,\\" \\"Yes,\\" and \\"Viva La Vida.\\"    My last comment is that I'd recommend people listen to the CD all the way through a few times. It's not a very long album, and especially with the way the songs blend into each other, I think it's the best way to get a sense of the CD. To be honest, I didn't love it the first time I listened to it through, but now I really do.
B00005YW4H|5.0|When I first heard this CD I couldn't believe how sultry and amazing her voice was.  I think I listened to it for days.  It remains one of my favorite CD's of all time.  Not that you're going to need a review...just look at how many people already love her.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|With all the movies out there that pretty much tell you what to think and feel, this movie is a great escape. It's a great murder thriller, a wonderfully acted masterpiece, and a storyline worth your attention.<br /><br />Christopher Nolan does a great editing job (subliminal messages, anyone?). The main point to the story revolves around Leoard Shelby (Pierce) , a man with \\"a condition\\" who is trying to solve the murder of his wife. And with that bit of information, you'd think you'd seen it all. But, the actors, the plot, the storyline, and how it's all plays out is far more engaging.<br /><br />You get to put the pieces together with Lenny, and try to figure out the unsavory characters, the trustworhy friends, and no one is what they seem. The real highlight is not in the ending, but in the way the story is told to the audience. (Just to hint: there are two storylines that climax, and the way you get there is awesome!) It's this type of story-telling that sets the movie apart from many other murder mysteries.<br /><br />Not that you won't get the movie in one sitting, but half of the fun is not understanding the movie chronologically, but trying to uncover all the plot devices and subliminal schemes Nolan purposefully inserts throughout the movie.<br /><br />Of course, the cast is excellent. And what I like most is that there aren't too many auxillary characters. Almost everyone you're introduced to is important and helps the story along.<br /><br />Again, I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good murder mystery, but isn't afraid to have the movie take you for a whirl before figuring it all out!
B0016HNOXQ|4.0|A very \\"Portishead\\" CD, yet still innovative.  Rather dark with an underlying 60's B-movie feel to it.
0312321376|5.0|This review is long overdue... One of the cases in Dr. Tucker's book involves members of my family. I was initially a bit leery about giving Dr. Tucker permission to use our story, even with the aliases. Unfortunately, I have learned from \\"sharing\\" that journalists often take liberties with the truth and that skeptics can muster a whole lot of cruel anger. I don't need convincing regarding reincarnation and my mission in life is not to convert doubters, so there was no reason for me to subject myself to another attack of skeptical criticism. Concerns notwithstanding, I like and respect Dr. Tucker immensely and gave him the go-ahead. I was not disappointed. He stuck to the facts while respecting my family's privacy. For that I am deeply appreciative. I am also grateful that Dr. Tucker has written such a wonderfully informative book, one that I am proud to share with my friends and family, both the believers and the cynics.
B000MNP2KI|4.0|Not since the glory days of \\"Goldfinger\\" and \\"Thunderball\\" has a 007 film received the kind of sterling reviews that greeted 2006's \\"Casino Royale.\\" Roger Ebert gave it a whopping four stars, and Entertainment Weekly recently included it in a countdown of the best movies of the past 25 years.<br /><br />Is it that good?<br /><br />Although it was produced by EON productions, the same company founded by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman in 1961 to produce the Bond films and now in the hands of Broccoli's daughter Barbara and stepson Michael Wilson, \\"Casino Royale\\" is what's known as a \\"rebooting\\" in the same vein as Warner Bros.' \\"Batman Begins.\\" Based on Ian Fleming's first Bond novel published in 1953, it begins with Bond earning his double agent status then embarking on his first mission. However, the film has a contemporary setting with Bond and his cohorts using laptop computers and cell phones. In other words, 007's previous adventures against such adversaries as Dr. No, Goldfinger, and Ernst Stavro Blofeld have yet to take place. Does this mean that remakes are in the offing?<br /><br />Daniel Craig, the sixth Bond of the official series, also represents a break with the past. He brings to mind Steve McQueen more than Sean Connery. You get the impression that Craig's Bond could hold his own in a fight with Connery but feel less confident, intimidated by Connery's cooler, more sophisticated manner. On the other hand, he would probably mock Roger Moore's gentlemanly agent and regard Pierce Brosnan as more playboy than killer. Craig's Bond is more of an alley cat, more at home in the gutter than the casino at which he stares down the villainous LeChiffre. He may be heroic, but he's far from fearless. He perspires and faces death with genuine terror. When he tosses off a witticism, as he rarely does, it's not with the nonchalance we have come to expect but with a sigh of relief, a means of breaking the tension. When this Bond's car flips over multiple times, he's bloody and barely conscious as his enemies drag him from the vehicle for a hair raising session of torture. Roger Moore would have calmly climbed out of the car, tightened the knot in his tie, and moved on.<br /><br />The critical acclaim accorded this new Bond is justified. It's an all-together excellent show, but I can't help but detect a certain amount of condescension toward the earlier films, as if to suggest this one is superior and more innovative than the more fantasy oriented adventures that, with few exceptions, preceded it. It is nothing of the sort. While the earlier Bond films with their megalomaniacal madmen plotting the takeover of the world did grow stale after a time, they were innovative when first released and grew tired only after being endlessly recycled in later chapters in the series and by the imitations that sprang up in the wake of \\"Bondmania.\\"<br /><br />In the `60s, when Bond reigned supreme as the world's biggest box-office draw, his only competition came from the lesser spies given life to cash in on 007's success. Now, of course, we have Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Batman, Superman, Spider Man, et al, special effects heavy films that never would have made it to the big screen had Bond not arrived there first. But unlike them, Bond doesn't need the gimmicks and the fancy hardware and can stand apart from them. He has a secret weapon more effective than anything that Q could provide. He has Ian Fleming whose original conception of Bond has only rarely made it to the screen intact. Now he has. This isn't a better Bond, though, only a different one, as interesting in his own way as the previous 007s were in theirs.<br /><br />Brian W. Fairbanksconscious as his enemies drag him from the vehicle for a hair raising session of torture. Roger Moore would have calmly climbed out of the car, tightened the knot in his tie, and moved on.    The critical acclaim accorded this new Bond is justified. It's an all-together excellent show, but I can't help but detect a certain amount of condescension toward the earlier films, as if to suggest this one is superior and more innovative than the more fantasy oriented adventures that, with few exceptions, preceded it. It is nothing of the sort. While the earlier Bond films with their megalomaniacal madmen plotting the takeover of the world did grow stale after a time, they were innovative when first released and grew tired only after being endlessly recycled in later chapters in the series and by the imitations that sprang up in the wake of \\"Bondmania.\\"     In the `60s, when Bond reigned supreme as the world's biggest box-office draw, his only competition came from the lesser spies given life to cash in on 007's success. Now, of course, we have Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Batman, Superman, Spider Man, et al, special effects heavy films that never would have made it to the big screen had Bond not arrived there first. But unlike them, Bond doesn't need the gimmicks and the fancy hardware and can stand apart from them. He has a secret weapon more effective than anything that Q could provide. He has Ian Fleming whose original conception of Bond has only rarely made it to the screen intact. Now he has. This isn't a better Bond, though, only a different one, as interesting in his own way as the previous 007s were in theirs.    Brian W. Fairbanks
B0013FXWU6|1.0|As I began watching this movie, I had such high expectations and kept waiting for something to happen.  I'm still waiting.  Not well made at all, too much guess work involved.  I'm not an idiot, but things just jumped around and didn't seem to make much sense and it dragged.  There was no plot to speak of.  I can't believe Daniel Day Lewis got the Academy award for such a wooden performance.  I felt so let down when the movie finally ended.  I guess there goes 2 hours and 40 minutes of my life I'll never get back.
B00064X3FO|5.0|5 stars for the music only. This is my favorite Elton John album, but I was disappointed in the SACD. This is a classic example of a recording that didn't improve when re-mastered in SACD. His voice has a hard quality to it and there's a digital edge to it all. Sounds like they may have used a cd master for the source. Buy it for the music, but don't let the format lead you to expect great sound. This is an example of how the added distortion in vinyl can sometimes make recordings sound better, as my 25+ year or so  vinyl is significantly better than this SACD.
0060763280|4.0|It is a very good book that I found enjoyable and thought provoking. I plan on following some of the suggestions in the book.
B000GH3CVQ|5.0|I loved the entire cd. To appreciate the impact of both singers, you might want to view the movie \\"ONCE\\". The movie gives a much deeper impact to the songs and artists.
B0007MWZEK|1.0|I had high expectations of this product, my floors are all hardwood and I hate to see dust in it. I use this every single day and after 2 weeks eventhough I was using the tools to clean it, it started to have everything around the bristles ( specially hair) and stop working soon after that. It's almost imposible to remove the things that get attached to the bristles!!! I would never buy this again!!!
0385340567|3.0|Working his way to San Diego from Maine, Lee Child's tough guy, Jack Reacher, finds himself in eastern Colorado walking westward from the pleasant settlement of Hope to the dingy town of Despair. Whereas the former was welcoming, the latter isn't, and the local law busts Jack for vagrancy and ultimately deposits him back on the asphalt in the midst of nowhere at the Hope-Despair boundary. Of course, this only gets Reacher riled. Against the advice of Vaughan, a sympathetic officer of the Hope Police Department whose husband is an Iraq war vet, Jack trudges back to Despair determined to find out the nature of its problem with strangers and ready to bust some heads in the process. In the course of NOTHING TO LOSE, Reacher, no surprise, accomplishes both with a bang. That's his job, the one for which his fans pay the publisher to read about.<br /><br />For the first time ever I'm decidedly unhappy with a Jack Reacher thriller, and it's made me more cranky than usual. I can forgive the evolution of the story line, which hyperextends itself with at least one superfluous subplot. But Child's major gaffe is to air his (apparently) own opinion of the Iraq war through the voice of his protagonist, a bias cleverly buried in an observation by Reacher to Vaughan on the obligations of America's civilian military overseers towards the troops. While I don't necessarily disagree with his position, assigning such to a popular fictional superhero verges on the unforgivable; heroic figures are best left apolitical. (When is the last time you saw Indiana Jones take a stand on abortion or gay marriage while chasing down some hidden treasure?) Thus, I'm knocking NOTHING TO LOSE down to three stars mostly on account of the author's bad form.<br /><br />Lee, if you want to vent via an interview, fine. (Maybe you already have and I missed it.) Otherwise, please keep Reacher in the realm of recreational, fantasy reading, thank you very much.
B000J0NIIW|5.0|[[Works like a dream.  Easy to useASIN:B0007MWZEK As Seen On Tv Cordless Swivel Sweeper]]
B0017R5UAA|3.0|Over the years, music critics, (who by their nature have to push something & are always looking to be at the cutting edge and wanting to discover the next big thing), attach themselves to new music that contains several unique ingredients but when the whole product is stirred and readied for listening, something larger like consistent melodies are missing.  Fleet Foxes seems to fall into this jar.  There are some wonderful harmonic moments, baroque & otherwise, but as a whole this cd leaves only a mediocre taste, and a desire for something more inspiring and listenable.
B000FZETIO|5.0|\\"Pretty in Pink\\" is one of my very favorite movies. John Hughes did a brilliant job with this film! He put Molly Ringwald with a brilliant cast that was amazing and he touched on the touchy subject of social class in High School very well.    (May Contain Spoilers)    Andie Walsh, (Molly Ringwald) lives with her unemployed father (Harry Dean Stanton) in the wrong side of town. Andie is a very headstrong girl who isn't very well liked with any of her peers exept her friend Jenna and Duckie Dale, (Jon Cryer) the boy next door that would do anything for her. She and Duckie are often made fun of by the popular kids, especially Steff, (James Spader). But one popular guy Blaine, (Andrew McCarthey) has been secretly lusting after Andie.     Andie works at Trax, a new wave music store with her older on the outside friend Iona, (Annie Potts) who advises Andie to go to her prom despite not having a date to enjoy it with. Blaine then comes in to buy an album and they talk briefly. In the computer lab next day at school, Andie realizes that she is falling for Blaine and vice versa. Blaine then breaks the social barrier to ask Andie out on a date, much to his buddy Steff's dismay. Andie's buddy Duckie doesn't approve either. Unfortunately, Andie and Blaine have to deal with the wrath of the student body for their relationship. Prom is coming up and the peer pressure suddenly gets to Blaine, leaving Andie dateless. Blaine decides to ignore all of his peers and goes back to Andie on prom night and after a little covincing from Duckie, Andie goes back to Blaine.    Molly Ringwald has great acting skills and it really shows in this movie. Jon Cryer really puts on a great performance as Duckie and Andrew McCarthy, Annie Potts, James Spader and Harry Dean Stanton do a fantastic job in their roles. The superb acting makes this movie a must see.      The \\"Everything's Duckie Edition\\" includes new interviews with the cast, a featurette about Molly and her work with John Hughes in the 80s, a featurette about the cast's prom stories and great archive footage from the making of the movie in 1985. The biggest flaw with this DVD is that the orignial ending where Andie and Duckie end up as a couple is not included. Instead, there is an interview on why the ending was cut. Other than that, Pretty in Pink fans should get this DVD. This great 80s film should not be missed!      Taylor Hodgkins, 6/24/08
B0012Q732O|5.0|Please people you guys act (most of you not all) like if you have doctorates in history, antropology, and biology. 10,000 BC, hence the word prehistory, there is no recorded history available to debunk or establish that any IDEA/FANTASY in the movie is true or false. Watch it for what it is a great entertaining film. If you wanted to see a doccumentary thats what National Geographic and the Discovery channel is for. But I believe that most of you were expecting cavemen 101 or a history lesson. As far as the different terrains being in walking distance Im no paentologist but I believe that most if not all the continents were connected at one point which easily explains that. As far as this flick being a direct rip off from Apocalypto, well I got news for you Apocalypto was a direct rip off from the movie Naked Prey, having said that I thought Apocalypto is a great great movie. Just because a particular style of movie was made before doesnt mean it cant be revisited in a simaliar fashion, thats what genres were made for. It is a Roland Emerich masterpeice not as good as Independence Day or the Patriot but it deserves 4.8 stars in its own right.
0452289963|5.0|This is a life-changing and life-altering book!  Great for anyone who seeks calmness and peace.  Exposes the ego for what it really is!
B00005JPS8|5.0|I have to concur with others, Robert Downey Jr as a superhero?  Yet it does work and he gives a terrific performance.  Now that Marvel has it's fate in it's own hands, we should see some positive results and nothing as bad as Daredevil, Elektra, the Punisher and the Fantastic Four!  IRON MAN is the first of their own films and their plans are ambitious to say the least.  No film in 2009 but 2010 will have IRON MAN 2 and THOR. 2011 will have CAPTAIN AMERICA and THE AVENGERS.  It will be interesting to see if the latter beats JLA to the big screen.
0385338724|4.0|I've read every Sophie Kinsella book to date - yet this one probably stands out as one of my favourites, and definitely my favourite \\"standalone\\" (i.e. not Shopaholic series) book. Surprisingly there was a lack of hype around this latest release - perhaps the chick lit market is at a breaking point, but Kinsella is one of the titans of the genre, consistently writing fun, addictive, unique books.    The 'unique' storyline this time follows the life of Lexi Smart, a twenty-something Londoner who wakes up in a hospital, believing that she ended up there after a night out with her girlfriends that culminated in a nasty fall down some stairs. It isn't long before Lexi realizes that she's actually three years older than her memory serves her - and she's actually in the hospital from a nasty car accident that erased the last three years of her memory. At first, everything in Lexi's new, seemingly fast-forwarded life is stellar - she has a hot body, has improved her little physical quirks (crooked teeth, hair), has upgraded her career, and is married to a gorgeous, wealthy real estate developer. As she struggles to remember her past, Lexi is given several rude awakenings from those she was close to - and those she had drifted from - over the last three years about how she came to be the person she is perceived to be today. Can Lexi remember her past? Does she even want to? Ahh...all will be revealed.    I loved this book because Lexi was a *lot* less hysterical than your typical Kinsella protagonist. Her emotions and frustrations were fueled by a (somewhat) legitimate situation, rather than a snowball effect of hysteria. I found her to be one of the more likable, relatable characters Kinsella has ever written, and I actually cheered for her and felt bad for her as her new life began to unravel.    Overall I would definitely recommend this book to Kinsella fans, even if you're mostly a Shopaholic reader, this is probably the most \\"worth-it\\" read from the standalone books she's written to date. Fun and fast - you'll get through this in a matter of hours or days.
B00004RFFI|5.0|Bill Paxton plays in this movie about two people who want to put this \\"instrument\\" into the funnel of a tornado to get lots of information on the tornado. Let's just say they barely escape with their lives!          Bill Paxton does a great job in this movie. This movie shows courage and persistance. I really enjoyed watching this movie! I definitely recommend this to you!
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|I've been a Madonna fan forever, and I think you have to give it to her for continuing to bring us some great music.  The album is inconsistent and some songs you gotta skip, but there's enough good stuff here for a good album -- my favorite is Give it 2 me, I dig the ska dance beat.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This dvd is great.  It really works if you stay with it.  It is not easy.
B000002H97|5.0|I wonder what would have happened if Metallica stayed in the direction they were going with \\"...And Justice For All\\". It was certainly their most complex and layered album, and that's one of the reasons I really like it. But you've got to wonder just how impossible the song structures would have been on this album if they didn't decide to take a breather. I read one that Kirk Hammett said that the songs were \\"just too long\\", and I would imagine very complex. If \\"The Black Album\\" were any more layered and difficult to play, it might even send guys like Dream Theater or Symphony X spinning around their stack of Marshall amps!  It's interesting, though, to see that \\"The Black Album\\" is generally regarded as the decline of Metallica. Ironically enough, I've looked over the reviews and it seems as though plenty of people still really like this album. That gives me some relief, because I, too, agree that there's nothing wrong with \\"The Black Album\\".  True, Metallica stranded away from their faster, and occasionally more epic thrash metal, but the \\"semi-new sound\\" on this album doesn't bother me. In fact, lots of times when a band experiments around it doesn't bother me. What matters is the decency of the songwriting, and yes, \\"The Black Album\\" is full of great songwriting, talent and fun, along with a still-thrashy appeal.  \\"Enter Sandman\\" starts things off with a famous guitar riff and the horror-theme lyrics. A great guitar solo is included along with an awesome, shout-a-long chorus.  \\"Sad But True\\" is a slower, heavier song that's in the vein of bands like Pantera and Soundgarden. A catchy and somewhat melodic riff chugs and stomps its way through with more great verses and choruses.  \\"Holier Than Thou\\" is a faster-paced, more upbeat and a bit more progressive song than the previous two, with a chorus that'll replay itself in your head for a long time.  \\"The Unforgiven\\" is along the epic ballad lines of \\"Sanitarium\\", \\"Fade to Black\\" and \\"One\\", only instead, the versesare heavy and the chorus is balladic. Interesting twist, indeed.  \\"Wherever I May Roam\\" is a lengthy, epic mid-paced song with a foreign sounding guitar riff that sets a late-night atmosphere. Very cool and adventurous lyrics accompany, as well.  \\"Don't Tread On Me\\" has a staccato sort of march to it with more chugging guitar riffs and pounding drums.  \\"Through the Never\\" has more adventurous, epic lyrics, and even though I haven't listened to this particular song in a while, it's definitely up to par with the other songs here.  \\"Nothing Else Matters\\" is a beautiful ballad with great guitar work, orchestration and singing, and it's probably one of Metallica's most famous songs.  \\"Of Wolf and Man\\" has a sort of swashbuckling, on-a-ship feel to it with more great guitar riffs and some of James's best singing around.  \\"The God That Failed\\" features downtuned guitars, and James's frustration with the death of his mother. You can even tell from the melody of the song the anger and sadness from his personal loss. I imagine this song must have been hard for him to write.  \\"My Friend of Misery\\" is the longest song on the album, at almost seven minutes, and features *gasp!* basswork by Jason Newsted! Haha, but yeah, this is another solid song.  \\"The Struggle Within\\" is one of my favorite songs on the entire album. It's got a lengthy, larger-than-life epic opener and fast guitar riffs, along with an awesome, lengthy guitar solos, and the rhythm and groove from the verses and chorus make it absolutely awesome.  So even though this isn't Metallica's Number One greatest album, it's still high up there. The overall feel of the album is heavy, fun, epic, fist-pumping, occasionally dark, and overall excellent. I'd recommend this to all metal fans and rock fans, as it is a classic. Let's hope Metallica's upcoming studio album is just as great! Thanks for the time, and peace.
0061537934|5.0|Great story, well told.  Fascinating tale, even a treat for non-racing  fans.  Highly recommended.
B000A5044C|5.0|An English haiku offered in tribute to the poetic film \\"Nobody Knows\\":    Irresponsibles  age all--light and bright suitcase  now heavy as death.
B00008H2LB|4.0|Linkin Park took all the best elements of numerous rap-rockers (Rage Against The Machine, Korn, Limp Biscuit) and stripped out the stuff they didn't like. The result was the slick and powerful [[ASIN:B00004Z459 Hybrid Theory]], massive, fast fame and gigs with Ozzfest. It also meant that they had to make an attempt at recreating in a year what they'd spent a life making on the debut. The resulting \\"Meteora\\" shows the band following the same roadmap, but with more confidence.<br /><br />The band delivers songs just as the debut would make you hungry for, specifically, \\"Numb.\\" They also take those conventions and experiment, like the backwards guitar that opens \\"Somewhere I Belong,\\" or the jazzy flute that underscores \\"Nobody's Listening.\\" \\"Hit The Floor\\" is danceable hair metal with a screaming hook. It's easy to see that Linkin Park was already hungry to move past the limitations of the genre.<br /><br />What is really astonishing is, when reading the liner notes, was how much of this album was recorded on the road/tour bus between Ozzfest stops. \\"Faint\\" was a happy accident that could only happen in that environment, a track that got its speed double and then Lp deciding that it was better that way. Chester still screams like the anger is real, and Mike Shinoda was feeling his oats in the sampling department (like the flute in \\"Nobody's Listening\\"). It made \\"Meteora\\" a better album than \\"Hybrid Theory\\" and just a touch behind the subdued [[ASIN:B000OCXMAE Minutes to Midnight]].
0061120073|2.0|I just finished reading this book a few minutes ago. I am not trying to be against the grain here at all but I don't understand how this book is so reputably powerful and a classic. It's not terrible reading because this story was by far very well written and my vocabulary has increased by atleast 13 new words. Overall though, this book felt like a auto biography, too close to reality to really wow me. As the reader, I was experiencing poverty, hunger, bulleying, chronic rejection and loss of innocence through Francie's eyes and yet, she progressed beautifully by independently finding ways to be educated and learning about the world and the people in it. I did find myself physically reacting to certain parts like when this young woman whom had a baby but was unwed was bedeviled by the neighbors and having rocks thrown at her and her child. Also, an important character in my mind passed on which changed my mood from then on. For the record, I feel the need to defend Francies Father Johnny. Yes, he did drink but I don't feel like he deserved to be treated like an acute alcoholic. He was never biligerent or hurtful to his family. Johnny wasn't the type to pour whiskey in his morning cereal and he was always singing and being chipper. But because every night when he performed he had gotten inebriated this is how he was remembered.  Luckily, Francie saw past it because he was the only one that truely understood her and supported her ideas and dreams. Katie, Francie's mother lacked a sense of humor, obviously favored Francie's younger brother Neely, and could not let go of her control issues. It was her way or the highway. I don't want to give away the entire story but I must say that although I did enjoy reading this book, it did not satisfy my hunger from what I expected based on all the reviews I read about it. A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is an adventure and will more than likely relate to you in some way, this book just illustrated what we all must go through... Life.
B00006GO9Q|5.0|In slightly over 38 minutes, Miles Davis revolutionized jazz with his delving into an electric fusion sound.<br /><br />Subtle and atmospheric in its approach, the background colors are painted by a trio of keyboard players - Chick Corea & Herbie Hancock (electric piano) and Joe Zawinful (organ) - as Tony Williams (drums) and Dave Holland (bass) masterfully guide the rhythm.<br /><br />A young British electric guitarist, John McLaughlin, is highly expressive in his solos, but this landmark release is all about Miles as band leader and soloist.<br /><br />Taking a mixture of jazz, blues, r&b and rock, providing incredible depth for creativity from each musician and demonstrating why he is the man with the horn, Davis has a vision that still sounds fresh nearly 40 years later.<br /><br />It also cannot be understated that the editing and arrangement of producer Teo Macero provides a unique exposition, development and recapitulation to the pieces.<br /><br />This is an essential CD in the exploration of music that started an incredible and continuing journey, from the title page to the text.
B0018AK9RA|2.0|Why after making a blazing hot LP like Angel of Retribution and a smoking world tour would you come out with this total waste of time? I love Priest and if you Liked Lochness track you will love this mess. Two Discs great art work but not even Glen Tipton (one of the greatest Metal guitarist ever) could save this project. I can only assume they cut some deal with Rob that if he came back he could do this major flop of a project. Two discs and two songs worthy of being call Priest efforts. What a major disappointment this long over blown waste of time is. I was so optimistic after Angel that they had learned the lesson of what their fans want. This lp is living proof of the arrogance of Rob Halford that he thinks he can sell this to even the most die hard of fans is the underestimation of our dedication. I compare this to Yes Tales from Topographical Oceans or Todd Rundgren Todd LP a self indulgent, total disregard for what the fans want but something one member of the band forced the others to commit to. Please God let them live to make another LP after this mess.
B000NQPZCO|5.0|Has too be the best blu-ray movie i have EVER seen and i buy a lot. Its the extended version and it seemed like the movie went on for hours... As for the PQ and the Audio 100% and better. Thank you for a great blu-ray for my collection.
B0011NVC98|3.0|I was surprised to see the movie was animated.  I had not known prior to purchasing it (guess I didn't pay enough attention).  The animation was absolutely wonderful.  I recommend the movie on that fact alone.<br /><br />The story is based on an old, old epic of British literature.  It's about a hero who slays monsters.  Pretty basic stuff, but if you've read Beowulf you can't help but check this movie out.  If you haven't read Beowulf, be warned -- it is a very difficult read due to the old English language it is written in / translated into.<br /><br />I didn't think it was an award winning movie by far, but I thought it was fun to watch.  Warning:  NOT for the children!
B00005JPNY|5.0|I read the book a while back so I couldn't really tell you if it truly kept with the original, but I loved the movie.  I called my sister and asked if she'd seen it, which she hadn't, and told her to just go out and buy it.  She played it safe and rented it, but told me that I was right about how much she and her family loved it.
B00133KFGW|4.0|I rented this film first, watched it, adored the musicality of it, and then promptly ordered it (so much cheaper on Amazon than in the stores). Yes, it is a modern \\"adaptation\\" of OLIVER TWIST. Yes, Robin Williams' character of Wizard is creepy beyond belief (for a better dark portrayal, check out his anarchist character on a late episode of Law & Order: SVU from this past season-it ran in April/May). Yes, the characters of Lyla and Louis don't age in 10 years (how old are they supposed to be when they meet? 18, 20? Who knows?). I say all of these things to state that although we KNOW these things are highly unlikely to happen, that doesn't take away from the message of the film.    I enjoyed the sweeping view of NYC and it's outlying suburbs, all of the kid's inherent musical genius, and the universal THEME of wanting to belong to someone or something (in August/Evan's case, his family).     I knocked off 1 star because I thought Keri Russell could've shined a bit more and shown more range as Lyla Novacek. Also, I didn't see a need for Terrence Howard's social worker. Anyone could've played that part ably (perhaps I'm biased, but I haven't liked anything Howard's done since \\"The Best Man\\"). Jonathan Rhys Meyers was a revelation as Louis Connelly though. What a talent (singing and acting)! The look that he gives August/Evan in the park after playing \\"Dueling Guitars\\" is so fraught with emotion-he knows this kid is special; he just can't put his finger on WHY.    The ending could've been extended a bit, and the DVD is short on special features (nothing at ALL about how the music came together for the film-what a shame since it's such an integral part of the movie). Overall I give it a 4-star effort. A great family film.
0553208845|4.0|I have never been a huge fan of philosophy, but I can see why this little tome is considered a classic.  It is a life's journey and a profound look into the soul.  Siddhartha's journey and his desire to be spiritually fulfilled began as a Brahmin's son, then as an ascetic, then into a life of lust and material possessions, and finally into a peaceful life as a ferry driver.  With all his outward searching, Siddhartha comes to realize that inner peace is not achieved through lessons from a teacher, or fasting, or worldliness.  It is an inward reflection, a recognition of self.  This book challenges the ideas of love and nature, among other things.
B000P12LWY|4.0|With respect to the Anglophiles hidden amongst the Amazonian reviewers, please, please, please take The Tudors as actual history with a grain of salt.     Princess \\"Margaret\\" married to the Portuguese king? Wrong. Henry FitzRoy (Henry VIII's illegitimate son w/Elizabeth Blount) dying of the sweating sickness at age 3 or 4? Wrong. On a lesser note, ruffs at the court of Henry VIII? Wrong (starch didn't make its appearance until the latter part of the 16th century, during Elizabeth I's reign)! Several things are wrong, wrong, wrong, but I could give a hoot because the superb acting makes it all a moot point.    This is pure, sensual entertainment at its best. Jonathan Rhys Meyers becomes more impressive to me in everything that I've seen him in, but his Henry VIII is a mystery wrapped inside of a riddle boxed in an enigma (to paraphrase) to many people. Isn't \\"Great Harry\\" a redhead (or a strawberry blond at least)? Isn't he 6'3? Isn't he built like an NFL linebacker? Although JRM gives a run for the money as the \\"handsomest prince in Christendom,\\" he holds none of those other attributes. It really doesn't matter since he MAKES the viewer believe that he embodies everything else that King Henry was. He's a very talented actor who has a huge/bright future ahead of him.    About the supporting cast:     Nick Dunning/Sir Thomas Boleyn-A masterful conniver  Natalie Dormer/Anne Boleyn-Vixen of the highest order (complimentary)  Henry Czerny/Thomas Howard, Duke of Norfolk-Condescending, commanding                                              presence  Henry Cavill/Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk-Beautiful man, lady-crazy  Maria Doyle Kennedy/Queen Katherine of Aragon-Dignity personified  Sam Neill/Cardinal Thomas Wolsey-Smug, confident, accurate portrayal  James Frain/Secretary Thomas Cromwell-Cunning, deceptive, manipulative  Callum Blue/Sir Anthony Knivert-Comic relief, member of the \\"Rat Pack\\"  Gabrielle Anwar/Princess \\"Margaret\\"-Too old for the part, but has a senseof overconfidence and insecurity  Jeremy Northam/Sir Thomas More-Overly pious, pompous at times, obtuse,                                    spot on characterization    4-stars for the production and costume design, Rhys Meyers and Dormer's obvious chemistry and a strong supporting cast (had to take away 1 star for the season finale-no suicide for Cardinal Wolsey, dramatic though it was).
0316024597|5.0|I love David Sedaris. Everytime I read his material, I honestly and full-heartedly laugh out loud. The manner in which he introduces his subject at hand and the intricacy in which he connects completely diverse topics to the main story without missing a beat is proof of a true comic genius.  His experiences are at times raunchy, ludicrous, and over the top without ever overriding the basic human touch and need to be listened to and understood.  His journeys make the reader think about their own lives, while at the same time becoming a bit voyeuristic into his life.  He often writes of his family, his boyfriend, Hal, and misgivings of his life in such a way as that the reader feels part of their lives as well.  Sedaris is truly one of the best writers I have come across, and one I continue to read.  Besides the late George Carlin, David Sedaris is one of the only people to make me laugh out loud with every story, escapade and turn of the page.  I always look forward to reading his work and enjoy him more and more with every story.
B000255LIY|3.0|Anyone who's viewed the classic original \\"The Lion in Winter\\" understands the fabled nuance and timing of the greats Hepburn and O'Toole. Glenn Close and Patrick Stewart are exceptional contemporary actors, but they fall short in the witty repartee so evident in the original \\"TLIW.\\"    The supporting cast members are barely worth mentioning (with the exception of the exquisite Jonathan Rhys Meyers-his portrayal of King Phillip is genius in its coy, cloying, emotionally manipulative aggressiveness). The actress who played Alais was utterly irritating with her grating accent and flouncing (as opposed to gracefully walking). The sons, Richard and Geoffrey, did an admirable job (although Richard showed a bit too much angst at times-he appeared to be an immature teenager instead of a grown man). Geoffrey had fine moments, but John was an absolute disaster! What should've been a character with a childish devotion to daddy dearest came across as an imbecilic moron.    This \\"TLIW\\" can't hold a candle to the original both in character depth, production design (it's a medieval castle-why is it so sparkling fresh and clean?) and direction. This was a 2.5 star effort (truthfully based on the widespread appeal of Rhys Meyers).
B000OFT5MU|1.0|I AGREE WITH THE FIRST REVIEWER. I BOUGHT A COPY EXACTLY LIKE THIS (SAME OBI STRIP) ON EBAY,AND WAS VERY DISSAPOINTED WITH THE SOUND QUALITY,AFTER<br />I HAD ALREADY GIVEN AWAY MY ORIGINAL COPY OF THE CD.NOW I AM LOOKING FOR A REAL JAPANESE VERSION OF THIS ALL TIME CLASSIC. I RECOMMEND JAPAN CD CO.<br />ABOUT 33.00 PLUS SHIPPING,BUT AT LEAST IT'S THE REAL THING,AND I HAVE HAD<br />ONLY GOOD REMASTERS FROM THIS COMPANY.  FRAN
B000XV6VOK|4.0|After this season's finale, I went back and became engrossed in season 1 again. The differences between the 2 seasons are minute, but I have to say that this season *slightly* disappointed me because it really \\"zoomed\\" through several events (things that took several years in real life are usually given only 1/2-3/4 of an episode). That being said, I still adore the fact that Jonathan Rhys Meyer's Henry VIII is so invigorating, seductive, and MESMERIZING on screen. Every time I watch the show, my mind is saying, \\"Wait a minute, Henry is about 38 right now. His abs should NOT be washboard. He doesn't look a day over 30!\\" But something about JRM's portrayal (his hard work, energy, and enthusiasm for the character) pretty much gets rid of all that I KNOW historically about Henry VIII. It makes me not care that his Henry doesn't have red hair and is only about 5'9 instead of 6'3.    I LOVED the season finale. Natalie Dormer gets such kudos for a riveting, emotional, fascinating, graceful exit from the show as Anne Boleyn. I wish the producers would find a way to slip her into any upcoming episodes, but with her distinctive face, that would be impossible. I agree with another one of the reviewers that I find myself depressed over the fact that Anne B./Natalie D. is gone for good. There were so many superlative moments between she and Henry (main one would be their dance of the Volta-fantastic chemistry with no words even spoken).     This season rates a 4 star effort; it may get bumped to 5 if the DVD offers a smashing selection of special features.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|Except for the overuse of the \\"Bros\\" and the \\"Dudes\\" in the production, this movie is pretty much perfect. The Cinematography is great, the acting excellant and the music really expressive for the movie and its theme. Another reviewer wrote that there are movies that are addictive and this truly is one of them.As stated the only other movie that has had this impact on me has been \\"Just a question of love\\". I have already watched this movie three times.Twice for the movie and once for the commentary. I know this is a movie that I will return to time and time again. It leaves one with a feeling of hope.  There should be more gay movies like this...that explore tenderness,love and happiness...congratulation to the Writer/Director, he has made a memorable contribution to this genre.
B0015519VS|5.0|This new album displays Usher's growth as an artist and a now married man. My husband and I listened to each track several times to get the feel of the album. We're newly married as well so it works for us, but it may not work for the younger viewers because some of the tracks are deep and serious, but we dug it though. It's a hop album, but he's Confessions album will still be his all time hit album to us. The album is what my husband likes to describe as \\"Grown Folks Music.\\"
1933784032|3.0|I purchased this book as a companion piece to the previous \\"Galaxy\\" book, I had already flipped through an opened volume at my local bookstore and found not much different from either the \\"Making/Art of\\" books, or the more impressive \\"Chronicles\\" books. Although many of the photos are all too familiar. There is still enough material to fill the remaining pages.  If you feel you must own this book my advice is avoid the $50.00 bookshelf price and use Amazon's list of dealers to find an more inexpensive copy.
B0015AARJI|4.0|This controller is my controller of choice when I play PS3 games now.  Good controller with a good feel (bit heavier than the non-dualshock), but suits me just fine.  I was expecting that all my games would now have the vibrating effect, but found out that it is only for some.  But, it's still no problem.  Good product and glad I bought it.
0767903374|3.0|I had high hopes for this book but it did not help me.  I already know I'm highly sensitive, and so is my daughter (5 years old).  Not sensitive in a cry baby way*, but sensitive as in aware of everything, aware of emotions in the room, aware of the lady bug across the yard, aware of things most people walk on by.  I was hoping this book would help me (and my daughter) with building some boundaries, help to quit taking other people's \\"bad stuff\\" as our own, quit thinking the worst when bad emotions do happen.  As an HSP, I do hurt more, deeply.  I also love more deeply too.  Also, I didn't like the point in the book about HSPs not being risk takers.  I have always been a major risk taker, as an HSP, I hurt more deeply, therefore, I remember not to do the thing that hurt me again, and I am also way more adept at coming up with new ways to do things that keep me from getting hurt, frustrated, tired, etc., again next time I do certain things.  It seems like a lot of the population are not very good at lessons-learned.  I wish I was more blissful unaware of better ways of doing things, of pain of others, sometimes it really drains my energy.  I have always been a risk taker, even in small things like fashion, I'm always ahead of the game, but maybe I'm just more aware of the trends or start a new trend because I am different than others.  I will still be looking for a book that discusses what I addressed above.    *some people may see it that way though
B00154GEFU|4.0|As many fans I waited for this album almost impatiently. A reunion with the original members was unimaginable a few years ago, not to mention that the probabilities of a new album were zero. So as for having the band reunited and released a new album I am very greatful.   However, there's always a \\"but\\" for Asia fans.  Phoenix is not the album I expected. It lacks the grandiosity of the first two albums or that of \\"Aura\\". I hoped for at least a track in the grandeour style of \\"The Heat Goes On\\" or \\"Wildest Dreams\\" with Geoff Downes, Steve Howe and Carl Palmer all over the song and it lacks Mike Stone's wall of sound.  However there are also very nice surprises: one of the best racks \\"Wish I'd known all along\\" is written by SH. In \\"Orchard of mines\\" JW provides his best ever vocal effort.   \\"Never again\\" and \\"Extraordinary Life\\" are solid rockers. \\"Alibis\\" is really great as is \\"Orchard of mines\\" and \\"Wish I'd known\\".  And although, most of the tracks are again written by W/D, Phoenix is not Icon 3, Phoenix is Asia 3, where we can find and extraordinary vocal effort by JW and Steve Howe playing all over the place.    In conclusion, the album is very good but it ranks below Asia and Aura. My top Asia ranks are:  1. Asia  2. Aura  3. Alpha & Phoenix    Thanks Asia.
B0006Z3RWW|3.0|The Movie is Great  the transfer is..eh! Not the best.  The thing that bugs me is the DVD logo is fake and the ttitle on the spine is going the wrong way which makes me question if this DVD is a bootleg....
0439813786|5.0|I know this book was a bit controversial within the children's book awards because it uses pictures to convey parts of the story (e.g. you MUST look at the pictures or you will miss information). All of the pictures are beautifully rendered in pen/ink no color. (Kindle, please?) Anyway, you can get the gist of the plot from the description, but as a parent, avid reader, and lover of most things literary - I just want to say WOW. This is probably one of the best books I have read in a long time for children. It is timeless. The use of art with text works seamlessly - captivating our more visual learners and video-focused children. It may not be for all (edit: is not for all), but this is one of the few books I can honestly say equally was enjoyable for a 1) 3 year old, 2) 9 year old, and 3) umm... let's just say... adult. This is a must own - re-read it to your children as they get older - pass it down kind of book.
B000M4RG4C|4.0|\\"Flags of Our Fathers' is a thought provoking historical film.  It consists of two basic segments, scenes of the battle for Iwo Jima and the story of the War Bond Tour on which the survivors were sent.<br /><br />The battle scenes are excellent.  They skillfully depict the horrors which must be war.  The Bond Tour segments tell a different story about how the \\"heroes\\" were treated by others and how they viewed themselves.<br /><br />This movie is thought provoking in that it makes the viewer consider the nature and happenstance of \\"heroism\\" and its fleeting nature.  The heroes did not consider themselves to be heroic and their post war lives were determined by their post-war actions, not their status as \\"heroes.\\"  In a sense, all on Iwo Jima were the heroes and a few were sent on tour.  A movie that leaves one thinking is a worthwhile watch.
B001ACY8D2|3.0|Quite acceptable: after making exciting music the time came to make ordenary money... No problem with that but... A new - slightly over the - average pop group appeared. Good luck, guys!
0312323867|4.0|This is the story from Darcy Rhone's perspective, the friend wronged in Emily Giffin's previous novel, \\"Something Borrowed\\".  The last time readers heard from Darcy, she had just found out that her closest childhood friend, Rachel, had stolen her fianc&eacute;, Dexter - she actually caught him hiding out in Rachel's closet! She swears that she will never forgive them and storms off, making sure to spread the sorry tale to anyone who'll listen, including Rachel's doorman and her own taxi driver, as she leaves the scene.  Darcy's done some wrong too, as we learn that she's been having an affair with one of Dex's groomsmen, Marcus; and that she's just found out that she's pregnant with Marcus' baby.  \\"Something Blue\\" picks up right from there.<br /><br />We learn that from babyhood, Darcy has always considered herself \\"charmed\\" and that she expects her life to turn out just like a fairy tale, because she deserves it since she was \\"born beautiful\\".  We get to see how hurt Darcy is as she goes about cancelling her wedding plans, only weeks before it was to take place and how she tries her best to make it work with Marcus.  The only constant is her unmistakable sadness in that she no longer has the people in her life that she would run to first whenever she had problems - Rachel and Dex.  She's also obsessed with their relationship.  She can't stop wondering if they are still together and how long it's going to take for them to come running to her full of regrets and apologies.  Before long, life in NYC alone becomes more than she can bear and she packs up and makes her way to London to visit Ethan, another childhood friend from her hometown inIndiana.  Once there she inconveniences him as much as possible, spends all of her time shopping for clothing that's not going to fit her growing belly much longer and dreams that her fairy tale Prince will come and sweep her up along with all of her problems.<br /><br />Along the way, Darcy starts to learn some lessons from the shallow existence she's led and with some much needed advice from Ethan, she begins to try to make a new start.  She's decided to stay in the UK for a while and begins looking for a meaningful job and makes some new friends.  She even begins to take her impending motherhood more seriously.  Despite the tragic story line, Emily Giffen delivers humor and fresh wit at every turn.  We wind along with Darcy as she honestly examines herself and her part in the downfall of her friendship and engagement.  As she begins to develop into a more mature young woman, she meets Geoffrey, a handsome British doctor that just might be the \\"Prince Charming\\" that she's been looking for.<br /><br />Eventually, she finds herself at a crossroads.  Will she take the \\"easier\\" way out and rely on one man to shoulder her new responsibilities or can she muster the strength to make a go of things on her own?  What about the feelings that she begins to develop for someone else?  The fun of this book is in watching Darcy weigh her options and begin to make decisions for her new family and not just all about herself.  She even begins to view the \\"Rachel & Dex\\" situation from a different perspective and finally sees the truth in her own actions with Marcus.  This book leads to one conclusion and then stops and picks up again a few months later where we see exactly what Darcy's choices have brought her.  This was a good read and gives a satisfying end to any questions left after reading \\"Something Borrowed\\" - Anyone who enjoyed the first book will definetely enjoy this book as well.'s led and with some much needed advice from Ethan, she begins to try to make a new start.  She's decided to stay in the UK for a while and begins looking for a meaningful job and makes some new friends.  She even begins to take her impending motherhood more seriously.  Despite the tragic story line, Emily Giffen delivers humor and fresh wit at every turn.  We wind along with Darcy as she honestly examines herself and her part in the downfall of her friendship and engagement.  As she begins to develop into a more mature young woman, she meets Geoffrey, a handsome British doctor that just might be the \\"Prince Charming\\" that she's been looking for.        Eventually, she finds herself at a crossroads.  Will she take the \\"easier\\" way out and rely on one man to shoulder her new responsibilities or can she muster the strength to make a go of things on her own?  What about the feelings that she begins to develop for someone else?  The fun of this book is in watching Darcy weigh her options and begin to make decisions for her new family and not just all about herself.  She even begins to view the \\"Rachel & Dex\\" situation from a different perspective and finally sees the truth in her own actions with Marcus.  This book leads to one conclusion and then stops and picks up again a few months later where we see exactly what Darcy's choices have brought her.  This was a good read and gives a satisfying end to any questions left after reading \\"Something Borrowed\\" - Anyone who enjoyed the first book will definetely enjoy this book as well.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Studio Ghibli had been belting out movies since the early 1980s. They delt with everything from epic fantasy to coming of age films. But, nothing would have prepared the world for 'Princess Mononoke'. Not only is this film the 2nd highest grossing film in Japan, it is also the film that finally gave Studio Ghibili notice in the United States.<br /><br />'Princess Mononoke' shows the epic battle of man against nature and how the constant motion of human evolution has the ability to destroy the purity of nature. Though there are no physical elements of good against evil the true villans in this film are greed, power and anger. You see characters like Asuyaka, who comes from a race of humans that have strong bonds with nature. Lady Hiboshi who wants to move the human race forward with science and technology only to create the perfect human utopia. Then you have Princess Mononoke, a girl who was tossed by her parents to the wolf gods out of fear, but only to be raised as a daughter of nature and learn the magic of the ancient ways. These characters clash for the purpose of moving forward, but also for the chance to co-exist. I feel that is what makes this film so appealing because of the similariteis in life. The topics of polotics, science and religion always cause a stir in us eventhough there can be ways to have them all work united.<br /><br />This was a diffenent film for Miyazaki, but you still manage to see the magical elements that make his signature work. It is a film rich in detail and emotion. You get lost in the vast landscapes and the relationships of the characters you sometimes forget you are watching an animated film. Though this movie may not be for everyone because of the PG-13 rating for the epic battles and language, there are still elements that bring out Miyazaki's true colors and this film is a marvel worthy to be seen.
B000002OVJ|1.0|Really horrible sound quality, and the band must have been totally wasted...Apparently with so many for sale , others thought the same.
0061537934|5.0|The Art of Racing in the Rain can simply be described as fantastic!! Something about this book got my attention and I am so pleased that it did. The story is inspiring and funny, yet both happy and heart wrenching as well.     For those who are dog lovers.....you will appreciate this book and appreciate your dog a little more. For those that are not dog lovers....you will be!!    This is a must read!!
B000002H33|5.0|The first amazing thing about Metallica is that they are one of the most popular bands of all time, without the help of radio. They have a CD composed of nothing but 7-8 minute long tracks that still manage to get into the 20-30 play count zone on my iPod. This CD is as airtight as it gets, the production is fantastic. No song but \\"The Thing that Should not be\\" seems out of place, and this album really defines Metallica as an against-the-masses thrash metal band. The solos and buildups always fit perfectly into the song and there is never a boring moment. Topping one of the greatest solos of all time in \\"Damage inc.\\", the classics like Master of Puppets and Disposable Heroes are some of my favorites of all time. Some of Kirk's best guitar is on front display on this album, and the dazzling drums will keep you hooked. The vocals aren't raunchy, but are aggressive and \\"angry\\" without being hard to listen to. This album is a simple classic, and stays good for a long, long time.
630471193X|5.0|I love this movie. It will always be part of my permanent collection for its timeless brilliance and beauty. I know that at times it can be a bit sappy or outdated as some have mentioned, but I have watched this movie dozens of times and have yet to be disappointed. It is interesting, thought provoking, romantic and emotional. I hope you enjoy it as much as I have.
B0018RWD5O|4.0|This was the first Coltrane work I owned, and also one of my first forays into jazz music back in the day. In the vast, almost surreally expansive litany of John Coltrane music, this CD stands out for a number of reasons. For one, it provides a glimpse of the man sort of at a cross roads, where he was still whipping out the licks he has since become famous for, but where he also delves into an improvisational method that borders on the avant-garde, and indeed - many would argue - heralds that era. Especially in the opening title track, one really has to be listening close to tell that he hasn't strayed completely away from the original melody and chords, and for me, it causes a strain that is almost tangibly tiring. But the rest of the tracks settle down into what I would call \\"traditional\\" Coltrane, where, yeah, he goes off on his own, but just when you start to get worried about him, there he is, back on the song's path through the sonic forest of swing. Another reason this CD stands out is the backing musicians. Sure, Jimmy Garrison and Elvin Jones can pick it up, lay it down, make it rock and hold it steady, whatever a song or a solo calls for, but for gosh sakes, that's McCoy Tyner on the ivories! You could just about put Tyner's name as the headliner and consider Trane as a member of the backing band, and I don't think you'd be doing either one of them a disservice. When he's given a chance to shine, he does, and his solos really complement and contrast Trane's in an unorthodox but satisfying way. This remastered edition really sounds clean and crisp throughout. The music is unsurpassed. [[ASIN:B000002I4S Giant Steps]] may give you all the Coltrane you'll ever NEED, but, eventually you'll WANT more, and when you reach that point, this is the recording you should buy.
B00005MP58|5.0|I love the book by Jane Austen, which I recommend reading as well, and who better to tell this wonderful story than the sexiest British man alive: Colin Firth. Everyone in this version of the movie plays their parts perfectly (especially when compared to the book). It is the first time that seeing the movie after reading a book did not ruin the book for me but rather cemented it in my mind and flowed with my own imagination of the events. WONDERFUL!!!!
B000OLGCI4|5.0|I would do busy with this seller again. I recieved my order very quickly and in great condition. Thanks.
0743290119|4.0|I thought this was one of Lauren Weisberger's best books. I have read all the others and would place this at the top of the list. It kept me engaged, and curious to see what evolved with the charaters. I did however think that she wrapped up the plots too quickly at the end, but this is something I find with all her books. Well worth the read!
B00164DWEA|4.0|Dr. Bruce Banner (Norton) is in hiding in South America, searching for a cure to a hulk sized problem he has.  An accident at the factory where he works alerts General Ross (Hurt) to Banner's location, and he sends a team led by Emil Blonsky (Roth) to capture him.  He is able to elude the team by turning into the Hulk, and heads back to America to retrieve data from his accident that his ex-girlfriend Betty Ross (Tyler) has.  Meanwhile, General Ross has Blonsky injected with a super soldier serum to help him capture Banner, not counting on Blonsky being somewhat unstable.<br /><br />Unlike many, I was a fan of Ang Lee's \\"Hulk\\".  \\"The Incredible Hulk\\" reboots the franchise and takes a more action oriented approach that will satisfy most fanboys out there.  This film works in different ways than its predecessor, and brings us all one step closer to an eventual \\"Avengers\\" movie.  Norton is adequate as Banner, but his acting skill is somewhat lost on the part.  No one wants to see Banner onscreen, only the Hulk.  Tyler is forgettable as Betty, and there is minimal chemistry with Norton.  Hurt and Roth are both excellent in their roles as well as Tim Blake Nelson as the mysterious \\"Mr. Blue\\".  Nods to the TV show are there in appearances by Lou Ferrigno and even Bill Bixby.  The effects are good, but not great.  Overall, \\"The Incredible Hulk\\" is worth seeing, and enjoyable.  It does not reach the lever of \\"Iron Man\\" earlier this year, but is a solid entry into the Marvel lineup.  Well worth seeing, if only for Rober Downey, Jr.'s appearance as Tony Stark.
B00005JPD0|3.0|I didn't know what to expect from this movie.  Sure I saw the previews and it just looked like a crime mystery.  I greatly enjoyed the \\"Bone Collector,\\" so I thought maybe I would like another starring Denzel.  In fact this movie is way more than that, and that was a pleasant surprise on my end.<br /><br />Like the preview suggested it starts off with a mystery.  They're trying to find a killer, but Denzel's character gets brought into a top secret fold when other people on site recognize his potential for recognizing major details.  You get brought into a hi-tech world that eventually turns into a time travel twist.  It felt more like it was drawn off of Michael Crichton's \\"Timeline\\" rather than something like \\"12 Monkeys\\".  Except, instead of going back to medieval times it's a lot sooner.  The time travel concept has been done before, so on a creative level this movie is nothing new.  The only real difference is that it's directed by the guy who did \\"Enemy of the State\\", thus it has that kind of cinematography in feel.  The parallel universe/timeline question gets brought up and that whole path was great for me because I really like that kind of stuff.  The only problem I had with the science is when Denzel's character pointed a laser pointer at the screen and the person they were monitoring saw that.  That really didn't make sense to me.  Maybe the writer's thought they were dealing with such an anomalous subject that it would just \\"be possible\\" in a blanket concept.  It didn't make sense to me because the device that is actually providing them with the time travel ability is in a completely different room and normally technological concepts wouldn't work in such an interactive way, unless the screen was physically a gateway, which it's not because Denzel touches the screen and nothing happens.  Plus to interact with the other time frame they have to physically put something in the device, thus making the laser pointer even more nonsense.<br /><br />Okay enough of my gripe with the film's technological proposals.  At the very least the movie is quite entertaining, though I did spend some time wondering when Val Kilmer put on that much weight... he's a minor character anyway, kind of a waste for him because he's usually pretty good.  The movie revolves far more around Denzel though, who plays an ATF agent and if you've seen Denzel play one smart alec cop you've seen them all.  This movie is really no different; kind of has some semblance of the same character from \\"Inside Man\\" if you ask me.  The end of the film is very suspenseful and it's a great feel.  The ending, for me, was a little overly happy in a sense, just because when you're messing with technology that theoretical, everything shouldn't go right in the end.<br /><br />Anyway, I enjoyed the movie.  It's probably not Denzel's best by any stretch of the imagination, but it was still an entertaining watch.  I may not pull \\"D&eacute; Javu\\" out to watch frequently, but I don't feel I was robbed of my time.  I have to admit I really did enjoy the time travel twist in the story and if you're into that kind of stuff you may find this movie quite interesting as well.the film's technological proposals.  At the very least the movie is quite entertaining, though I did spend some time wondering when Val Kilmer put on that much weight... he's a minor character anyway, kind of a waste for him because he's usually pretty good.  The movie revolves far more around Denzel though, who plays an ATF agent and if you've seen Denzel play one smart alec cop you've seen them all.  This movie is really no different; kind of has some semblance of the same character from \\"Inside Man\\" if you ask me.  The end of the film is very suspenseful and it's a great feel.  The ending, for me, was a little overly happy in a sense, just because when you're messing with technology that theoretical, everything shouldn't go right in the end.    Anyway, I enjoyed the movie.  It's probably not Denzel's best by any stretch of the imagination, but it was still an entertaining watch.  I may not pull \\"D Javu\\" out to watch frequently, but I don't feel I was robbed of my time.  I have to admit I really did enjoy the time travel twist in the story and if you're into that kind of stuff you may find this movie quite interesting as well.
0385751532|1.0|In my view, this book is to tragedy what pornography is to erotism. The author seems to think that what really happened in Auschwitz was not poignant enough and that it would be a great idea to add another turn of the screw by inventing a totally incredible story. I am not a fanatic of realism. In fact, I love fantasy, but I think that some subject matters benefit from a sober treatment. If someone wants to read a good book about Auschwitz, he or she should turn to Primo Levi's \\"If this is a Man\\", in which the Italian author tells of his experience there with great honesty and sensibility. I can assure you that it is moving enough. By comparison, John Boyne's novel looks superficial and cheap.
0385340567|1.0|WOW!! This one really bombed out. I have read and enjoyed all of Lee Child's previous novels. Caveat - some more than others but none were ever less than 3 stars in my enjoyment rating. This one bombs. Boring Plot, Inane description of driving back and forth between this town and that town, zero plot engagement, Reacher comes off as a total bully - etc and etc. I couldn't finish this book. I gave it up with about 60 pages to go. The Bad guy is a marshmallow man -Reacher is boring - save your money. I hope that Lee Child takes some time off before writes another book- he needs to come up with better plots, works harder at developing more tension between the various characters in the the next novel and just plain do a better job. As they say in Bensonhurst - Brooklyn - when it comes to this book - \\"FORGEDABOWDIT\\".
B001BEE6WW|5.0|I was standing in the parking lot of my favorite night club in New Jersey circa 1980 when I heard this awesome music coming from \\"some dude's\\" car stereo. The speakers were blaring, \\"Walking through the city; lookin' oh so pretty; I've just got to find my way!\\"...and I said to the guy, \\"who the heck is that?\\" Of course the guy replied, \\"Iron Maiden.\\" I offered to smoke \\"a cigarette\\" with the guy if he'd play the whole cassette for me and my friends before going into the bar. The guy obliged and the rest is [[ASIN:B0006B29Z2 History]].<br /><br />Almost 30 years later, I'm finally downloading Iron Maiden's first album. Sure, I've got the vinyl in storage; and, yup, I've got the CD somewhere, but darned if I can find it. So my recent cravings for Remember Tomorrow and Prowler are now satisfied, and the rest of this recording's stand-out tracks are now also on my [[ASIN:B000WFZSBE Zune]].<br /><br />I don't know if I was just looking in the wrong place(s), or if this CD is only recently released for download, but regardless of that, I'm glad I've finally got Di'Anno singing these songs on my regular playlists the way they were originally recorded.<br /><br />Maiden fans, if you haven't already ripped this CD to your media player...this download is your opportunity to reminisce in the beginning of something very special and important to the Metal genre.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|eric proves again why he has been at the top of his game for over 40 years. he just is simply the best guitar player and interperter of the blues of robert johnson. he has the gift despite lifes difficulties.
B000DWMN2S|5.0|This is a wonderful and beautiful movie.  It is witty and well acted, but the most important thing about it is the evocative tension created by the story and the cinematography.<br /><br />The movie, in all relevant dimensions, establishes and explores a number of basic tensions between life and death, old and new, beautiful and ugly, sad and humorous, smart and stupid, grand and small, and feelings and senses.  It is just beautiful and completely captivating in the same way as the Ukraine itself.<br /><br />What I enjoy most is the outright honesty in which this movie captures the paradoxes and essences of a Ukraine searching for itself in this modern world.<br /><br />I had the unique experience of visiting Kiev recently and I was awed by its purity and its strangeness.  There is the old way of life and the new way of life. Also there is the ugliness of Communism and the pride of something new.  Finally, there is the traditional way of Ukrainian life, which is little changed in the villages and farms, versus the struggle for modernity in the cities.<br /><br />Just as in this movie, Ukraine itself is hauntingly pure and innocent, but also soiled and disturbed by its wish to set aside Communism and move forward -- but to a settled way of life that is not plagued by sentimentality.<br /><br />I fear I am too abstract in my description, but I am trying to set out the feelings and senses that are evoked in me by both this movie and Ukraine itself.  There are plenty of reviews that tell the story and the plot.  I want to add the senses and feelings that the movie urges in me. I suspect it will do the same for others curious enough to look. I can see in the movie a very original depiction of exactly what I saw and felt in the cities and countrysides of Ukraine. In this way, I learned how very thoroughly Western I am.<br /><br />The so called \\"rigid tour\\" in this movie reminds me vividly of the ride I took in a taxi (with a dozen people), crowded in a small van, from Kiev to Chernihiv.  It was the same worn down vehicle and yet the same sense of determination and acceptance. Along the way I could see weddings in the forest clearings, and I observed a coffin being taken to the rustic graveyard. This movie raises images that are etched in my mind from that experience.<br /><br />Quite aside from the story, which is both interesting and witty, the movie simply captures the entire essence of the place and the people.  The story is famous enough, and some describe the underlying book as a cult classic. For me, I have never read the book but I would also not want to. The emotional response I have to the movie itself is as much as I could ask.  I really would find it hard to become more involved in the story or the images.<br /><br />If you are curious about Ukraine and its people today, this is the movie to see - it is all there. Oh yes, in Kiev they are hip like Alex. Kiev was once the greatest capital of Europe, but that was 1200 years ago. For all its drive to be modern, Kiev is melancholy because it is a Holy place, where it is a center of Russian Orthodox faith, and where the stark realities of the Soviet era and the World War II devastation are clearly in evidence still.<br /><br />Again, I know I am streaming with emotion rather than attacking this with logic. But that is the place and this is the movie. The movie's great value is not in what it makes you think, but how it makes you feel.<br /><br />To me Alex is a prototypical Ukrainian young man. He is smart and he is sensitive and he wants to be somebody in the modern world.  He is a metaphor for Ukraine today.  Jonathan, the central character is the voyager in all of us.  The grandfather is the struggle in everyone's heart and the bittersweet taste of a life of love and resignation.<br /><br />It is all in the movie and that is the heart and soul of Ukraine. Keep plenty of Kleenex around. Yet you will be redeemed and the beauty and humor of it all will stay with you always. Everything is Illuminated.
0385340567|1.0|I've always read Jack Reacher books in 2 days/nights!  I put 'Nothing To Lose 'down 50 pages from the end, and have no desire to pick it up again. ( And I had preordered this one!)  Reacher's personality seemed different than all the other books I have so enjoyed.  He wasn't trying to help someone in need, he just keeps going back to this creepy town looking for trouble. I can't believe Lee Child would actually put such a ridiculous argument in Reacher's mouth to support desertion! If Child is going to change the central character's personality he should also change his name. If there are going to be anymore Reacher novels, I hope Child finds a way to bring the heroism back. That was the part we all love to read. A first time Reacher reader is going to meet an \\"old\\" boring character in 'Nothing To Lose.' I guess I'll go back and re-read 'Without Fail', 'Tripwire', or 'The Hard Way' to get this bad taste out of my mouth.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|It's all about stability - how to maintain it and how to prevent its disruption.  In East Germany, from the establishment of The Wall, society found ways to lay out a given path for life.  It also provided a traffic control body to keep individuals on that track.  The traffic controllers were the staff and informants of the Stasi.  Applying various, but effective, methods of thought control, the DDR rooted out dissent in its attempt to keep its populace thinking along \\"approved\\" lines.  While we have been inundated with books and films depicting brutality, murder and intimidation applied in the East, this film shows an entirely different and far more efficient approach.<br /><br />Gerd Wiesler [Muhe], a Stasi captain, is recruited to launch an investigation of playwright Georg Dreymark.  There's very little to indicate Dreymark is a threat to society, but the motivation arises from elsewhere.  Dreymark's girl-friend, Christa-Maria [Gedeck], is an object of the Culture Minister's passions.  Wiesler undertakes the surveillance himself, and his portrayal carries this film far beyond entertainment.  We have already seen his interrogation techniques - calm, dispassionate and merciless.  Whatever he undertakes will be seen through thoroughly.  The surveillance of Dreymark and Christa-Maria will be no different.<br /><br />However, Wiesler learns of the Minister's prompting of the spying - a corruption of the socialist ideal.  More significantly, Wiesler is able to discern Dreymark's humanity expressed in ways none of his previous victims have demonstrated.  One of these is Dreymark's defence of his former play director Albert Jerska.  Wiesler sees Dreymark confront the Minister over Jerska and learns the blacklisted director had given the playwright the score of \\"Sonata for a Good Man\\".  The title becomes a key point in the development of the story.  Wiesler revises his outlook as the cynicism and coldness of the regime become more apparent to him.  He is increasingly aware of the need for people to be people and not automatons.<br /><br />The film story builds tensions at a perfect pace, increasing with every passing scene.  There are no dull nor lost moments.  Directory von Donnersmarck's light touch in shifting a character we loathe at the outset of the film into a symbol of pathos at the end. While a shallow view makes Dreymark the victim/hero, it is Wiesler the interrogator and snoop who gains our sympathy.  Wiesler comes into increasing conflict with his superior as the focus on Dreymark and Christa-Maria intensifies.  Jerska's fate drives Dreymark to take an irrevocable step, one which threatens them all.  The conclusion can only be tragic, but the result is nonetheless unexpected.<br /><br />As with many of the \\"foreign\\" films recently released, the Director's Commentary version of the film is well worth taking the time for.  This is von Donnersmarck's first full-length film, but there's nothing amateurish about it.  He was meticulous in his portrayal of East Berlin, even painting \\"freedom's graffiti\\" over each morning prior to shooting in the street.  The attention to detail is clear, even in selecting the colours allowed in any given setting.  The effect is to seize the viewer from the opening scene and never provide release.  The film has garnered many awards and deserves all of them.  Mostly, it deserves your attention for its story and its imparted values.  [stephen a. haines - Ottawa, Canada]for people to be people and not automatons.    The film story builds tensions at a perfect pace, increasing with every passing scene.  There are no dull nor lost moments.  Directory von Donnersmarck's light touch in shifting a character we loathe at the outset of the film into a symbol of pathos at the end. While a shallow view makes Dreymark the victim/hero, it is Wiesler the interrogator and snoop who gains our sympathy.  Wiesler comes into increasing conflict with his superior as the focus on Dreymark and Christa-Maria intensifies.  Jerska's fate drives Dreymark to take an irrevocable step, one which threatens them all.  The conclusion can only be tragic, but the result is nonetheless unexpected.      As with many of the \\"foreign\\" films recently released, the Director's Commentary version of the film is well worth taking the time for.  This is von Donnersmarck's first full-length film, but there's nothing amateurish about it.  He was meticulous in his portrayal of East Berlin, even painting \\"freedom's graffiti\\" over each morning prior to shooting in the street.  The attention to detail is clear, even in selecting the colours allowed in any given setting.  The effect is to seize the viewer from the opening scene and never provide release.  The film has garnered many awards and deserves all of them.  Mostly, it deserves your attention for its story and its imparted values.  [stephen a. haines - Ottawa, Canada]
B000008M54|5.0|Purchased in '88, played it in intense rotation for years... and then discovered it missing.  Maybe my wife's sister; maybe some other ne'er-do-well.  But its absence haunts me as much as the music enchanted me.  'Bang on the Ear' is a sprightly 3-chord ditty, a gritty answer to Willie and Julio's cloying 'To All the Girls I've Loved Before'... G-D-G-D-C, simple as that.
0345495004|5.0|This book was a winner!!! I love to read books that are so rich in descriptions and details that the events portrayed seem real and life-like. It is a remarkable endeavor to turn non-fiction into fiction-to fill in the missing pieces of lives. This book seems as close to real as possible. I became completely absorbed by this book all the way through it. One of the greats!!
1582701709|5.0|\\"The Secret\\" is a book that I finished in two days.  It held my interest and gave me a great outlook on how we should look upon our lives.  With this type of positive motivation.. I believe you can conquer any obstable that might appear in your path.  I pick up this book each day to read a few passages and to begin my day with an upbeat mood.  I highly reccommend this book to all that want to change their lives for the better.  As an Author myself, although a Poetess.. I found her words very uplifting and encouraging. Christina R Jussaume [...]
B0018RWD1S|3.0|This album was kind of confusing.  I wasn't sure if the album was supposed to be jazz, R&B, or neo-soul.  I would give the music composition a 5-star and Amy Winehouse's singing abilities a 2.  She does not have the voice for jazz.  The music was beautiful on some of the tracks, but her voice ruined the music.  I don't know what her style is because she is not an original. On this album, she copies everyone else's style but her own.  People can sense when someone is not an original and no one appreciates a cheap copy.   Her singing reminds me of Jill Scott or Erykah Badu's style of singing.  As a matter of fact, a lot of the songs reminded me of Jill Scott's music.  It would be nice if Amy Winehouse would find her own style and stick to it and quit emulating other singers before her.  Again, the music composition was nice on this album.  Her band could actually ditch her and make a jazz album on their own.  Her band is very talented!  I found myself listening to the album wishing that her vocals weren't included and just being able to listen to the actual music.  The music was very nice.
B000SM7QUC|5.0|Nikki has always been good but there is no way he could have done this with Motley Crue. DJ Ashba and James Michael make this perfect. I have never seen a soundtrack to a book.  The songs really go with the chapters.  Brilliant idea, awesome music.  But then again--IT'S NIKKI SIXX!!! He's like the god of rock and DJ and James are really good too. I listen to this C.D. everyday. I love every song on there but Life is Beautiful is in my opinion the best song on there! Even if you don't buy the book you could still enjoy this but it's neat to read the chapter and then listen to the song that goes with it and then you realize why that song is where it is on the disc, the music really complete the chapters.
B001ACY8D2|4.0|First, the background: I accidentally discovered Sigur Ros last summer.  After viewing Cameron Crowe's \\"Vanilla Sky\\" I could not get the final song in the film out of my head--the piece was such a drastic revolution from all other music I've heard, and after some searching I learned the piece was a live recording of \\"Njsnavlin.\\"  \\"gtis byrjun,\\" \\"( )\\", and \\"Takk\\" immediately become the soundtrack to my life, and have very much remained so over the past year.  Very rarely have I ever been so immensely satisfied with music as I have been by Sigur Ros.      I discovered \\"Med Sud I Eyrum Vid Spilum Endalaust\\" two weeks before its release date by happenstance when the album was streaming on the band's website, and have listened to little else since (except for a few spins of Coldplay's latest, which is very disappointing).  After the first listen, my initial thought was, \\"What the hell have you done to them, Flood?  They've gone radio!\\"  After another 8-9 thorough listenings, though, I assure you they have not.  Ironically, \\"Med Sud I Eyrum Vid Spilum Endalaust\\" has become the most listenable Sigur Ros album yet, and I only determined that after 4-5 spins.      From online readings, their fan base has appeared very concerned they would become a \\"one-sound\\" band.  Fortunately, that is no longer an issue, as the ethereal quality that has defined them has been meticulously maintained in this acoustic, bare sound of the lads sitting down in a room and maintaining what seems a spontaneous sound during recording.  The first two tracks on the album contain more joy than perhaps anything they have yet recorded--and I believe that is the message they want to convey to everyone.  My only complaint here is the fourth track, \\"Vi spilum endalaust.\\"  You can have that song be covered by Coldplay or Keane, and in essence the track would be the same--just a pop ditty.  But I can't get upset with Sigur Ros for experimenting with that approach--honestly, I consider 40% of their music from prior albums un-listenable and monotonous as it is.  However, what makes that 40% appreciable is their sincere approach to be reaching for a sound and universal feeling for which other bands won't even dare search.  To have Sigur Ros' subconscious create the angelic, special atmosphere which they so successfully discover on their own half of the time, I'll gladly let them share the mundane when necessary if that means they'll give us a glimpse into heaven the other 60% of the time.    However, they quickly make up for that by not letting down again.  \\"Gdan daginn\\" could easily fit in as a ballad on any of their prior albums, and \\"Festival\\" encapsulates the entire mood of joy and mystery which this album stands for.  Pesonally, I can do without the closer, \\"All Alright.\\" I certainly didn't fall in love with Sigur Ros because of their English skills.    So in essence, don't judge the album by its first listen or all the annoying talk of kitsch and pop.  In the same way U2's `The Joshua Tree' and `Achtung' are drastically different while still maintaining the essential U2 mood, this album is by all measures Sigur Ros we appreciate and need as the standard by which we can easily judge all other music.  The album cover really presents what \\"Med Sud I Eyrum Vid Spilum Endalaust\\" album is about--stripping down to (literally) the bare essentials, and as a result feeling the joy and freedom we otherwise would have entirely lost.
0743486285|5.0|One of the best books I have ever read!  I have never had a drug or alcohol problem, but I have been a Nikki Sixx and Motley Crue fan for 20 years.  It really does let you know how people in that situation feel and what they are thinking.  Definately a must have for anyone with someone with a drug problem in their family.  I couldn't put it down and ended up reading the whole thing in one sitting everything he does is more shocking than the last. ALL HAIL NIKKI SIXX!!!
B0001Z37HM|2.0|I remember the trailer for this infamously weak spin-off of Conan. I saw the movie years later and laughed my head off. Unintentionally! Poor Briggite Nielson. Her career never had a chance thanks to Cobra and Red Sonja. The plot of the movie is this: Sonja(Brigitte Nielson) hails from a tribe of female warriors who were killed off by an evil queen Gedren(Sandahl Bergman). Queen Gedren steals the orb the female warriors were protecting and uses it to destroy each town she passes by. Sonja goes on a hunt for Queen Gedren and later finds out that Gedren killed her parents. On her quest she reluctantly joins Kalidor(Arnold Schwarzenegger), an arrogant prince named Tarn(Ernie Reyes Jr.) and his bumbling idiotic servant, Falkon(Paul L. Smith). Together they go on a hunt for Queen Gedren and the orb.<br />The acting is subpar and the action scenes are soso. I mean Briggite Neilson looks so emotionally distant. For someone who lost her whole family as well as her female comrades, Sonja doesnt look fazed at all. Arnold is playing his usual stoic role and Ernie Reyes Jr.... what an annoying snot-nosed brat he was in this movie! The moronic manservant Falkon had more personality than these guys. The action scenes are the only redeeming moments of the movie even though sometimes they fall flat. The scene where they fight the mechanical sea creature made me laugh till my ribs ached. The dialogue is a hoot also. Its as if the screenwriter thought that nobody was going to take the movie seriously so he gave everybody stupid lines to work with. I can only recommend this movie to you if you like your epic movies extra campy. Anyone else dont bother.
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|I considered Coldplay kind of dead in the water. And if I was a musician dead in the water, I would pray that Brian Eno might come drag me out. Although drag he did, I don't know if he drag them far enough out of it. Perhaps Chris Martin was too comfortable floating around because I would have liked to have seen him do something different with his tired vocals. He just sounds really uninspired no matter how inspired the music often is around them.
B00005JKHN|3.0|For some reason, and I can't quite put my finger on it, but I'm really not into Sleeping Beauty. I adore Disney movies and have seen pretty much every one, with the exception of a couple. This does not rank high on my list.  The story never really interested me, the music was just OK. It came as a bit old fashioned for me.   That said, It's certainly not a bad movie by any means, just not as enjoyable as some of the other brilliant ones out there.
0446677450|5.0|I enjoyed reading this book.  It was very interesting and at times funny.  I did not want to put it down.  However, if you are looking for a get rich quick idea or scheme, it is not in this book.  Also, if you are not interested in real estate, you may not like this book, because that is most of the author's story.  When I heard about this book, I thought it would show me how to get rich.  The book does not show you how to get rich, it tells the story.  If you want to get rich you only need do one thing, MAKE MONEY.  I know it sounds stupid, but my uncle told me, \\"if you want to make big money, you have to do things in a big way.\\"  You can get rich by going to school, or by working in a restaurant, or by selling cars, getting rich is up to you.  Just turn on the tv and you will see lots of rich people who did lots of different things to get rich.  Good Luck!
B000ZI8E5K|1.0|If you enjoy listening to a laundry list read rapidly with a number in front of every sentence, you might be able to endure this. May contain some good stuff, but nothing in depth and the presentation is the pits.
B0014XCMVM|4.0|Overall it is a good collection.  It is varied, thought-provoking, emotional and heartfelt.  The standout tracks are 'Citizen of the Planet' and 'Underneath'.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I really love the book and the movie is interestingly adapted to fit well. It is somewhat different from the book but what's really nice about the movie is that having read the book you know that there was Mr. Darcy had a magical attraction to Elizabeth by that formed rather slowly and in confidence of her as she spent time at their company, caring for her ill sister. In the book you get a little of his side of the emotional development and the movie does a really great job at bringing those very same feeling out in the open. Really great acting. Always love movies with Keira Knightley.
0670020745|4.0|Book purchased as a gift for Harvard grad going on to Stanford in Neuroscience, but I had to read it first.  The writing style is very accessible and I found the author's personal descriptions fascinating. Illustrations were not as polished as I had hoped.
B000MRA5NS|5.0|Hands down the best James Bond ever seen! Blu-Ray has spectacular quality and the movie has surprising twists and interesting development. Great for anyone, really, not just Bond fans.
B000OCY7JE|4.0|This is a story about a mans ultimate gift to his beloved wife.  A rich man is confirmed to be dying, and he arranges for his wife's former lover to reappear from his Mother Teresa-like existance in an India orphanage, teeming with despair, and caring for young children who are not as fortunate as their outside brethren.  He had that sort of mindset when he is beckoned by one of his wealthiest benefactors, and he must go, despite his young friend's intrepidation. After meeting with the benefactor, he is invited to the man's daughter's wedding.  It is here that the plot thickens, for he sees his long lost lover is the wife of the wealthy benefactor. Beyond that, the math puts the daughter to be his.<br />  The acting by all players is genuine and believable. Well directed and a very pleasing movie to own or rent.
B000P12LWY|5.0|Great product- I loved it on Showtime so I bought the series.   It was new and still wrappe.
1401302378|1.0|Where do I start?<br /><br />I was really looking forward to reading \\"The Long Tail\\". I believe if I read \\"The World Is Flat\\" after I read this book, I would enjoy it more. After reading the Friedman book, and seeing the mostly recycled studies and facts Anderson uses here to justify his argument, I feel like I was reading the same book all over again. Ditto on Wikinomics, but I digress.<br /><br />Here's the real problem with this book: There is a major assumption on Anderson's part that regular people like you and I can create content and sell it. Even if its bad, someone will buy it. Maybe, but no where does Anderson or any of these web futurists ever touch on how to fund such productions (and the fact that most of us will never be able to afford participating in the new web economy.) All this book really does is fuel an Internet gold rush, all the while making authors like Anderson rich for selling us a bill of goods and Silicon dreams.
0307277887|3.0|I'm a bit of a Dexter fanatic.  After watching just one episode of the Showtime hit, I was hooked, reeled in, and left wanting more and more.  I adore the idea of a serial killer who not only kills bad guys (ala The Crow, etc.), but also ENJOYS and NEEDS to do this \\"work.\\"  It's rather twisted, yet seems just.  How can that be?<br /><br />Unfortunately or perhaps fortunately, I'm not sure, I watched the show before I read the books and I must say, Michael C. Hall's portrayal of Dexter is so amazing and wonderful, I found myself saying throughout the reading to Book Dexter, \\"Why can't you be like TV Dexter?\\"  Even the plot lines, once again, on the show, they're fantastic, in depth, and gripping.  In the book?  Eh, not so much.<br /><br />Still, I recommend this for any deeply devoted Dexter fan so you can see for yourself how this twisted good time started, but I have to be fair and recommend the show even more.  It takes the book and kicks it up a few notches.  It even slices and dices THOSE notches with ease and cleans up afterwards like a breeze.
B000WZAE1I|5.0|I wasn't sure what to expect with this movie.<br />I came away impressed and I've watched it quite a few time since.<br />The movie is beautiful, the fx are done very well without being overpowering.<br />The story is good without falling into the \\"too cute\\" or \\"corny\\" categories.<br />The acting it all top notch.<br />Robert De Niro and Michelle Pfeifer are fantastic.<br />Overall, I'd recommend this movie to just about anyone.<br />It's cute, it's fun, it's a great way to kill an evening.<br />Recommended.
B000GG4Y32|4.0|When I saw \\"Reds\\" on the big screen in 1982, I admired the strong casting and performances, the photography and editing, and the ingenious use of interviews by elderly witnesses.  But I strongly disliked its romanticizing of the Bolsheviks, the Russian Revolution, and the American radicals of the early 20th century.  I disliked how it romanticized free love and dismissed marriage.<br /><br />Over the years, then, I have generally dissed the movie.  When I watched the film recently, however, I gained a new respect for it.  Why did I have a different reaction?<br /><br />My first take on Beatty's treatment of the period still seems accurate.  In the interview that is a \\"special feature\\" of the 25th anniversary edition DVD, he confirms that he intended the film to honor the socialists and Communists of the nineteen-teens and 1920s.  And the film, Beatty tells us, \\"was very much motivated by my own political activism at that time -- probably had a lot to do with what I thought was a mistaken American paranoia about Communism and most particularly in Vietnam.\\"<br /><br />In the DVD interview, Beatty mentions his collaboration with \\"the British playwright Trevor Griffith who was a very strict Marxist who I felt would keep me or John Reed in line with the dogmatism of it.\\"  Beatty feared that a movie with such \\"political, polemical, dialectical\\" dimensions could not find financing.<br /><br />Finally, Beatty admires \\"those who really thought something else would be possible in American politics.\\"  It seems possible that he imagined or idealized a counterfactual history that would have unfolded if America had embraced the socialist vision.<br /><br />A quarter century has now passed since the film was released.  The Soviet Union no longer exists.  Now, we know the twin Soviet promises -- a better material life and human equality -- were frauds.  Now, we know that the Bolsheviks, Lenin, and Stalin killed millions.  Now, we know about the frozen hell of the Gulag camps.  Now,we wonder how the utopian claims of Communism could be so admired by intellectuals in the West when the reality of life in the Soviet Union was so cruel, capricious, and bloody.<br /><br />In the same quarter century, there has been more historical research on socialism, American Communism, and the characters portrayed in the film -- John Reed, Louise Bryant, Max Eastman, Emma Goldman, and Eugene O'Neill among them.  (Consulting Wikipedia is a good first step to learning more about them.)  Those were complex times and complex personalities, to be sure, but one now notices that -- whether from the need to compress the story or to make it more palatable -- the script scrubbed away some dark corners of their characters.<br /><br />So when in 2008 we hear Beatty, Diane Keaton, and Jack Nicholson speak the political, polemical, and dialectical lines in the dialog -- lines intended to be faithful to John Reed's times -- we react differently.  We know more about Soviet dishonesty and more about the crimes the carefully chosen words of the screenplay were designed to smooth over.  In a scene with Edith Stapleton playing Emma Goldman, for instance, we hear John Reed justify the Revolution's suppression of dissent.  Now, we recall that Fidel Castro and Saddam Hussein said many of the same things.<br /><br />Similarly, the script was written to challenge conventional values.  In the years since the film was made, for instance, Americans have intensely debated marriage.  Twenty-first century Americans may read Diane Keaton's portrayal of Louise Bryant differently -- that the free love she spoke for was at war with her desire for commitment and fidelity.  Could it be that those \\"bourgeois\\" values are not mere social constructs but are, rather, \\"written in the heart\\"?<br /><br />I conclude, then, that \\"Reds\\" is a great movie, but in a way Warren Beatty did not intend.  Twenty-five years after it was released, the film he intended to honor the socialists and challenge American \\"paranoia\\" about Communism conveys instead many ugly truths about Communism, socialism, political and social radicalism, and ... John Reed.<br /><br />-30-
B000VBJEEG|5.0|I had reservations about Pixar's ability to pull this one off.<br />All of Pixar's movies have had non human stars in them.<br />I approached this film with an open mind and I came away absolutely stunned at how good it was.<br />Another Pixar triumph!!!<br />The acting, script, animation, EVERYTHING is just so perfect.<br />Is Pixar run by some alien force that just \\"KNOWS\\" how to make the perfect movie???<br />Pixar has yet to make one dud of a movie.<br />Well.........I really didn't care for A Bugs Life that much. But that was just my taste.<br />Am I the only one or did Ratatouille make you hungry for Italian food too???<br />Another masterpiece from the company that can do (almost) no wrong.<br />Recommended!!!
B0018OAPAW|5.0|Once again the Offspring display their unique ability to experiment in a slightly different genere while keeping half of the tracks on their album true to their punk origins.  It is slower than most of their past albums and a distinct presence of emo can be heard in a few tracks, but I found it enjoyable.
B00005JM02|5.0|I didn't like Nemo on my first watch.<br />I watched it again, I honestly don't know why I didn't like it the first time.<br />The animation is just jaw dropping.<br />The story is cute but not too cute.<br />Nemo is a triumph in so many ways.<br />The voice acting? Spot on.<br />The script? Brilliant.<br />Fun, funny and touching, Nemo is another Pixar masterpiece that must be seen.<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
0061150142|1.0|I have been wondering why Jodi Picoult is so popular for some time now and never picked up any of her books.  I read \\"The Pact\\" at the recommendation of a friend who said this was one of her better books and am regretting it.      I almost always finish every book I start and this one was one of the hardest ones to finish.  I kept waiting for the writing to get better, and for something to happen that was not already laid out.  The corny dramatic endings of some of the sections were unbearable and the story dragged on.  It felt like reading a bad script of a ho-hum episode of \\"Law and Order\\".   I am glad that I have not wasted my time reading Picoult and will probably never pick up any of her books again.
B0018AK9RA|3.0|It is different. If I had not known Judas Priest before this would have been an okay album. It feels like Within Temptation and Kamelot produced a CD together. It's strange.   My biggest complaint is the sound. When I listen to the CD ith my Bose headphones there is too much bass. I think the entire CD was engineered for mp3 players. Anyone else feel the same way? Maybe it's just me.  I will keep watching the DVD Rising in the East
B00000K2UX|5.0|Years ago I started exercising to this disc on an exercise tape, and really enjoyed it.  So, since times have changed, I want to put it on my Blackberry, and go run with it.  The tape got here quickly, in good condition, and I am loving it.
B0001XAPX8|3.0|I have not read the book, but I will assume for now that it is much more balanced than the film. Overall, it was interesting but not as good as it probably could have been. Though I really enjoyed the flashbacks and think that Wentworth Miller is a great actor, the scenes didn't seem to have any connection to the scenes set in 1998. They were randomly placed, for the most part, so I felt like I was watching two different movies. Though I love Anthony Hopkins, I do agree that he should not have been cast as Coleman. He's just not believable as a black man passing for Jewish, and to top that, he and Wentworth are absolutely nothing alike. Some books aren't made to be adapted into films, and I'd have to say that this one falls under that category.
B0007MWZEK|3.0|I just bought my sweeper yesterday.  It seems to sweep very well however I think mine may have a short in it or is having a hard time with the battery connector.  It seems to exist where sections C & D on the handle connect.  While I am using it, I have to occasionally twist the handle slightly to keep the metal connecters touching.  Does anyone else have this problem?  Maybe it is just because it is new.  I will keep it for a week and if the problem continues, I will exchange it for another one.  For the $30 I paid for it (W/20% off coupon at BB&B) it seems to do the job!
B000T5O4B2|5.0|I've always been a fan of Robin Williams. He's managed to make many many great movies. This being one of his best ever.<br /><br />Working in the medical field myself for many years I've always been partial to good movies like these that relate to what I do. People in hospital don't want to be there thus making them laugh helps them to feel better about the problems before them.<br /><br />People have remorked that this is a typical Williams movie, but hey it is still a number one hit as far as I'm concerned, this is an older one of his movies and the transfer to HD-DVD was great. Great quality transfer, my entire family has enjoyed this movie a couple times now and we still laugh hard at it.<br /><br />HD quality I would rate about 4.5, some areas could be improved<br />Sound to me was great as well, they did a good job transfering that as well. 4.5 there as well.
B001ACY8D2|5.0|While is is no Takk or (), the new Sigur Ros album is an incredible music experience. The songs are mostly shorter, but that isn't an entirely bad thing. The quality of the songs are top notch. Sigur Ros has some new sounds with this album and I like them. The epic feel of the band is still present in such tracks as Festival and Ara Batur. I still get shivers when Ara Batur reach's its musical climax.
B0012QI4E0|5.0|There is hope! Buy this album! Rock is back, and these guys lead the way!
0312323867|5.0|Darcy Rhone hasn't gotten over her best friend's betrayal.  She caught her fianc&eacute; Dex inside Rachel's closet.  How could her best friend do that to her?  How could she even think of doing something so awful behind her back?  So, okay, Darcy was seeing Marcus behind her Dexter's back, and Marcus was sort of dating Rachel at the time, but it was not the same thing.  For one thing, Rachel is plain and boring, whereas Darcy was gorgeous and glamorous.  And Rachel didn't have the glamorous PR job, supermodel looks and enviable wardrobe that she had.  But revenge was hers.  While she's convinced that Dex has simply settled for second best with Rachel, Darcy has it all.  Marcus is sexy and 100% male.  Virile to the max.  He's perfect.  She's also having his baby -- what could be better than that?  To top it all off, she has everyone's sympathy, being Rachel's victim and all.  (She has conveniently omitted her part of the blame.)  So she will live a fabulous life with her new man and future baby... right?<br /><br />I disliked Darcy in Something Borrowed, so much so that I felt absolutely no sympathy for her when Rachel and Dex were doing the horizontal mambo behind her back.  I also disliked her during a large portion of this novel.  After all, can you really like a character whose opening sentence is, \\"I was born beautiful\\"?  But that's what's great about Something Blue.  Giffin turns a shallow, self-absorbed heroine into someone you can relate to -- someone you can sympathize with.  Darcy is wonderfully three-dimensional, and her character development is very believable.  Her path to self-discovery is wonderful, and I enjoyed the novel a great deal more when she goes to London to see Ethan, Darcy and Rachel's childhood friend, Rachel's old crush, the one Darcy steals right from under her.  If you liked Something Borrowed, you will LOVE Something Blue.  I actually enjoyed this novel more than its predecessor.  Funny, I thought it would be the other way around.  Emily Giffin is proving to be a great chick-lit author whose voice has edge and sassiness and whose female protagonists are flawed but relatable.  I guess that is why her work stands out among the dime a dozen chick-lit out there.  I've already picked up Baby Proof and Love the One You're With and look forward to reading them.  In the meantime, give Something Borrowed and Something Blue a whirl.ly Giffin is proving to be a great chick-lit author whose voice has edge and sassiness and whose female protagonists are flawed but relatable.  I guess that is why her work stands out among the dime a dozen chick-lit out there.  I've already picked up Baby Proof and Love the One You're With and look forward to reading them.  In the meantime, give Something Borrowed and Something Blue a whirl.
0689859368|5.0|After seeing the movie, which I loved, I purchased this book to give it a try.  I know it's a children's book but thought what the heck.  I loved the illustrations in the book, I wish \\"grown-up\\" books had pictures too.  The reading was easy, as it should be.  The book is very short, wish they would put together one book of all 5 in the series, instead of charging 10.00/each.  I read this in about an hour.  I enjoyed this book as much as the movie.  I recommend this book for any fantasy lover out there and budding fantasy lovers.  But as another reviewer stated, make sure you have the remaining 4 books in the series ready to go, this one will read very fast and you'll need the other books to keep the story flowing.
B0018AK9RA|1.0|The year was 1986. I was working a crappy job in a mailroom, and 10 bucks was a lot for me back then. But the new Priest was out that day, and I had the money in my hot, little hand. I remember begging a co-worker (who liked Billy Joel)to drive me to the mall on our lunch break so I could grab the cassette of the new album, Turbo. He did, and I remember as clear as day, unwrapping that tape, popping it eagerly into my friends tape deck and hearing those gawd-awful synth blips come wimping out of the spark-o-matic 6x9's. I gulped and fast-forwarded to the next track. More thin, wimpy guitars and more synth blips, and a disco beat no less. It soon became obvious that my favorite band in the universe had just released the unthinkable--a bad album. I ejected it, looked at it ruefully, and tossed it out the passenger window.    Well, I've at least liked everything since (ok, Ram it Down was pretty lame but at least it wasn't embarassing), but 22 years later it's \\"what the hell were they thinking??\\" time again.     This is, without a doubt, the dumbest, cheesiest, Spinal Tap moment of the otherwise mighty carreer of Judas Priest. The concept is wince-inducingly silly. Nostradamus good lord. C'mon guys, you are not going to have a teenage audience ever again, please stop trying. Your loyal audience are adults, write something for us, not our kids.    The lyrics are unintentionally hilarious (yep, even worse than Glens), the cheap keyboard work smacks of one of those bad powermetal bands from Europe, the production is pure \\"Glen's basement\\" protools schlock. The guitars are incredibly thin and wimpy. It's almost the exact same tone they had on Ram It Down. There's barely anything like a real drum fill. Holy cow, one of the best metal drummers in the world is in this band, but the whole album sounds suspiciously like a drum program.     The songs are slow, plodding, pretentious, silly and worst of all boring.     I love Judas Priest, and I love the loyal fans, but anyone whogives this interminable stinker a 5 star review is just an anorak. Sorry.    If you expect to hear a fast, heavy, remotely modern metal album like Angel of Retribution. Forget it. You see that laughably, cheap \\"stock web font\\" logo? The ridiculous 1994 computer game video for Gods of War? Well that's your first clue to how much quality you'll hear inside.     It's been 22 years since they've released a real stinker, lets all hope this is the last one. I sure don't wan't to see this awful thing go down in history as their swan song. They deserve better.
B000RPTQ1C|2.0|OK - I love this band.  One of the most talented since Pink Floyd.  Yea you read it right - since Pink Floyd (which imho is the greatest rock band of all time).  The first three albums (ROBTtH, Parachutes, XY)have great themes, are mixed very well and the lyrics/instrumentation are top notch. They painted pictures with their sound. This one I just don't get.  Some songs are poorly mixed and the overall feel of the song progression is clumsy - to my ear at least.  Anyway, I wanted to give it 1 star but I can't given their enormous talent. I don't mind a band progressing to new territory but this territory is more a desert than their previous meadows of elegant melodies and emotional lyric.
B000784WMW|5.0|There could never be a better Rochester than Timothy Dalton.  He was perfect for the part.....he brought to life a brooding, dark, and  mysterious persona to what is a really difficult character to portray.... this movie deserves top rating and 10 more stars out of all the Jane Eyre remakes.  Top acting on his part.  (And also the rest of the cast).  Hats off to Timothy Dalton! Also, this is the very best Jane Eyre movie ever made.
B0008ENICU|5.0|\\"Remember, it is being together at the end that matters.\\"  ~ \\"Mrs. Moorehead\\" in Clare Booth Luce's \\"The Women\\"    \\"The Women,\\" one of the many spectacular films of 1939, explores love, marriage and divorce from the strictly female point of view. Not a single male character is shown in the film, nor in the play by Clare Booth Luce, upon which the movie was based, although the conversation constantly swirls around the husbands and boyfriends of the protagonists. While the women involved are wealthy socialites, many of their follies, sins and heartbreaks are those which pervade the lives of the female sex in every time and place. The ease of securing a divorce, however, is an issue confronting modern people; Mrs. Luce dissects with slow, brilliant cruelty the pain and devastation that goes with breaking up a family. No matter how cordial and legally effortless the parting of ways can be, it is almost impossible to escape upheaval, scandal, and tears.    The Women revolves around the lovely Mary Haines (Norma Shearer), who discovers that her previously devoted husband Stephen is having an affair with a shop girl. The gossip of her friends contributes in no small way to the destruction of the situation. The pivotal moment is when Mary refuses to listen to the wise words of her mother, Mrs. Moorehead (Lucile Watson) who begs her to ignore the infidelity and stop confiding in her friends. \\"They will see that you lose both your husband and your home.\\" She also implores Mary to consider her young daughter, who must come first no matter what.    Indeed, the little girl is torn to pieces when Mary tells her that the divorce is imminent. One of the saddest scenes shows the child sobbing in private, \\"Oh, Mother, oh, Daddy!\\" knowing that the home she has known is gone forever. It is also disturbing how the daughter must later have to deal with her father's cheap new wife. Watching \\"The Women\\" always makes me annoyed at both Mary and Stephen for allowing their child to be exposedto such circumstances. But Mary wants to get back at her husband for hurting her more than she wants anything else. She seeks divorce on almost an impulse as pain dominates her reason. She comes to bitterly regret it.    In spite of the heaviness of the topic, \\"The Women\\" is fraught with humor; the dialog is one of the wittiest ever to grace the screen. And I do not think that there is single weak performance. Norma Shearer is sweetly sympathetic even when it would be nice to slap her. Joan Crawford is at her slutty best as \\"Crystal,\\" the callous home wrecker. Rosalind Russell is hilarious as the gossiping Cousin Sylvia, who basically rejoices over Mary's misfortune. Paulette Goddard is the goodhearted wench who tells Mary what's what. A remake is debuting this year; it seems a little coarser and less elegant than the original, but then, of course, it is a reflection of our time.
B00000I8UJ|4.0|This is my first Dexter CD, and I have wanted it for several years. The 38 minutes on here are well-spent, and they impress more with each listen. Still, there are CD's from the same period by John Coltrane, Sonny Rollins, Paul Desmond, Stan Getz, Gene Ammons, Sonny Stitt, and Art Pepper in my collection that I like just as much if not a little more. \\"Go!\\" is often considered to be Dexter's best, and perhaps it is in the top 25 saxophone releases of the early '60's, but that was an era of jazz giants on that family of instruments, so the competition is fierce for the \\"very best albums\\" list. My favorite of the six tracks on here would be \\"I Guess I'll Hang My Tears Out to Dry\\" a lovely ballad seldom given a jazz instrumental treatment. Dexter's friends on this disc, Sonny Clark on the piano, Butch Warren on bass and Billy Higgins on drums really add a lot to the enjoyment here.
B000YAA68C|5.0|i love how this movie start with gerry and holly argue about something stupid but end up running into each arms,next sence is heart breaking gerry's wake holly facing fact the man she love is gone.don't no how to deal with it and move on.gerry love send her letters,, other things to make her want to live move on  found a new love.with help of her family ,crazy friends she goes on adventure bring her back to life.
B000059Z8J|4.0|Remember those PSA commercials?  For example.  I feel so dark inside I feel like I want to cry it's hard to live with a lie (this is a song).  Then the girl goes to her sister and says, \\"I took your necklace\\".  I think it was from the church of Latter Day Saints (if I messed that up and your a member, sorry).  No fear Superman is here and he doesn't lie!  He does however live one but there are reasons.      What about the PSA about safety in the house and the pot of boiling water with the mean face.  The message was KEEP THOSE POT HANDLES TURNED IN, then the pot had a nice smiley face.  Or the plug that was a dangerous snake.  Superman has you covered he's impervious to heat.  Phew.  I better get a move on cause I'm pretty hungry.  I hanka for a hunka cheese yahoo.  Back to the review.    I don't need to go into the plot it's Superman.  Entertainment wise it's a fun ride.  The score is classic, great, and makes me want to leap tall buildings.  The bad guys though and Lex just didn't do it for me.  They're bad guys for the sake of being bad guys, period.  I'll take Doc Ock and [[ASIN:B00005JMQW Spider-Man 2 (Widescreen Special Edition)]] personally.      Supreman is still in my top three super hero movies and will be tons of viewers number 1.  For me I'll take [[ASIN:B000OT6V00 Hellboy (Director's Cut) [Blu-ray]]] and Spider Man 2, but the movie was still super.    For home theater enthusiasts this could go in the reference pile.  Sound wise crank up the beginning and that song, whoo.  Good times.  And the picture quality on this was amazing as far as dvds go.  This dvd was recognized in Sound and Vision some time ago as a reference disc.    So remember to eat your greens and have a super day.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|Zeitgeist... at least for music anymore, is buying a hit song or two by any one artist off of iTunes at any given time.  Gone are the days when you buy an album (yes, the whole album), put it in and listen from start to finish, in the order the artist intended... to tell you a story.    Today, we are too busy with our iPods, listening on shuffle to our favorite songs.  The art of writing an album has been forgotten.  And why not?  I mean, you can just go on the Internet and get the songs you like, right?    Well, Judas Priest's 'Nostradamus' takes you back to that time, when you bought an album and listened.  You paid attention to each song.  You got really excited as each track transitioned into the next.  You enjoyed the story.  You enjoyed the album.  Yes, the WHOLE album.    I just don't think a lot of people appreciate this way of experiencing music anymore.  For those of us who do (or even those of us who are new to the idea), thank you Judas Priest, for an excellent musical experience!    Judas Priest's 'Nostradamus' is an amazing heavy metal ALBUM.  Remember those?      And yes, there are plenty of good *songs* on there too!
B0013K6WLM|3.0|All I can say is if you are new to TBK, listen to ANYTHING else but Attack & Release if you want to get a real feel for them.  After loving everything they have put out so far, I cannot listen \\"cringe-free\\" through this album.  I love Dangermouse, but the old recipe was \\"IT\\" for me!  Please go back!!!
B000AYEL1A|4.0|'A Star is Born' was one of my all-time favorite movies back in the day.  While on a cruise recently, the performers did a tribute to musicals and they featured songs from the movie.  Naturally, when I got home, I had to watch it again.  I still love it just as much, and I still cried like a teenage girl at the end.  'A Star is Born' is one of those magical movies that reflects the mood of its time, yet transcends that era as a timeless love story.      An interesting aside:  I remember watching 'A Star is Born' way back when and thinking that Barbara Streisand's wardrobe was so classy.  At the end of the movie, the credits read, \\"Ms. Streisand's wardrobe from... her closet\\"  I thought that was the neatest thing, and I still think her clothes were just gorgeous in the movie.         A definite \\"must see\\".
B0012Q732O|2.0|...or something.  I mean, this is such a mishmash that it's hard to know where to begin.      spoilers below              So cavemen are living in the Ice Age, but if they walk a few miles, they discover savannas and deserts.  Oh, and there are slaves and mammoths being used to build pyramids.  Is this  Africa or South America or what?  And the abducted young woman never gets her makeup messed up, even when she's dragged along and beaten and kept as a slave.  Riiiiiight.      And check this out:  this woman receives a fatal wound but recovers a few minutes later because some old lady back in her home camp dies and lets her live, or whatever.  Really, what does it matter by then?  Grab some candy and a drink, sit back and be entertained, but for gosh sakes, don't expect a history lesson.
0525950079|1.0|After being disappointed with Pillars, I signed on to read World Without End for a book club. This recycled plot from Pillars goes on and on. The author has worn out his template. The language is full of anachronisms; the violence to women is totally unnecessary; and the cardboard characters are boring. I really don't think Follett knows his target audience. Is he appealing to lovers of historical fiction; bodice ripper romantics; contemporary women with sexual,career,family options; macho men; or voyeurs? He missed his mark with me. I will never read another Follett book ! There's too many other worthwhile books out there.
