0393072231|5.0|How did the \\"short\\" Wall Streeters bet against the housing bubble and how did they know to go short? Those were two of my questions when I ordered \\"The Big Short.\\" The book answered these questions and many others about the financial climate that produced the doomsday machine. Important reading for judging the financial legislative regorm package now before Congress.
B00013M6NK|5.0|Just took this battery on a two week vacation.  I would highly recommend it.  I shot over 1000 pictures so the battery got a work out.  It held it's charge and recharged quickly.  Well worth the extra money to have a genuine Nikon battery.
B002DYKP8S|5.0|Great movie, great efects and images. Worth every single penny.    The history takes place in ancient China, when a 'tyrant' emperor was working to unify the small reigns into one big country. It's a lesson to be learned even in modern times.
B0034GK7DM|4.0|I had never heard of this artist but ordered the CD because of one song I heard on the radio.  This CD will not disappoint.  There is not one song that I didn't like immediately, and even though there is a George Strait (how can you go wrong with George Strait) sound on some of the songs, the rest of the CD was really, really good!
160094048X|5.0|Although the recipes on their own are no where near healthy, you can substitute whole grain pastry flour or barley flour with success.  Also, sucanat worked fine for both sugars in the chocolate chip cookie recipe.  The cookies were light brown in color, but delish nevertheless.  I think the addition of tapioca flour gave the cookie a real \\"toll house\\" feel. The authors have put together a great little book with fabulous pictures and deserve another pat on the back.
B0036EH3XE|1.0|I own the first 5 seasons on DVD, however...<br /><br />The first three seasons are easily the best TV I have ever had the pleasure to watch, incredibly deep character development that really made you care about them all and left you begging every week for the next episode. Then we started with all the time traveling and jumping around and it started to get disjointed and silly. Season 5 I barely bothered to watch and now we have the final episode that was a terrible cop out.<br /><br />The producers swore to us that they were not dead and then they give us this ending that totally ignored all the good story work from the previous seasons including Walt that was supposed to be special and DHARMA to name a couple of really interesting avenues they failed to explore or explain. Considering they claimed to know how the program was going to end when they first started writing it I have to wonder where it all went wrong, it sure felt like they rushed to wrap it in the last two episodes after a season of dull uninteresting jumps in every direction except the right one.<br /><br />Totally insulting ending that is only worthy of the worst TV soap opera with cheap writing and ridiculous situations like a jet liner some how taking off in a forest and cliche's galore. Not to mention an entire season dedicated to Jacob and the man in black that took about 2 minutes to wrap up.
B0030Y11XS|4.0|I appreciated the extras on this DVD - there was nearly another film's worth of material with all the extra interviews with people that appeared relatively briefly in the main film. Keep in mind, the interviews are about as slanted as the main film content, but it's still nice to be able to hear people talk at length on their subject of interest instead of being limited to 30 seconds here or there.     I approached this film with an open mind. The further I went into this film, the more disinterested I got because it was just one accusation formed on opinion after another without any solid evidence presented to prove the previous accusation (your employer wants you to die). At the end, I felt the movie had made you muddle through all those theories and left you floating midair in the middle of nowhere without any valid facts to anchor you down. Not exactly my cup of tea, but entertaining in its own way to see people's viewpoints, agendas, etc.     Basically the film is to capitalize on the anger people feel towards the bank bailouts of 2009 and presents you with reasons various corporations blow. I wouldn't really blame capitalism itself, however, on all that is wrong with the system. Capitalism can be what the people make of it, but a few (well, more than a few) corrupt individuals does not capitalism make.     This is a good film to give you somewhere to focus your anger at corporations, but I recommend you take it all in with a grain of salt.
0061537969|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read!  It has a wonderful story that you just don't want to leave, while giving life lessons that are priceless.  I think anyone who loves animals, as well as anyone who doesn't think they do, should read this book.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|A Pokahontas-like story with superior digital technology. We've seen the opposite gender version in \\"Dances with Walf\\" also. Though visiualy very entertaining, it still reminded me of a high end computer game. The whole movie is more of a state-of-art tech than a piece of art. I certainly enjoyed watching it, but not surprised for its loss of the academic claim.
B003JSSPSY|5.0|I second and third everything said about the quality of this show (LOTS).  I know I have enjoyed the quality of acting, the beautiful sets and scenery,the music and the story lines (And, yes, I HAVE read ALL of the Sword of Truth series by Goodkind!).  Although the television series did not follow the books exactly, the most important characters  (Richard, Kahlan, Zedd and Cara) are true to the Goodkind imaginings.  And, thank goodness, the core values of the novel remain:  Richard and Kahlan's unswerving, beautiful love for one another, the relationships between Cara and Richard/Kahlan/Zedd, her humanization, and family.   And the action scenes (Richard and the Sword of Truth, Kahlan and her knives, Cara and and agiels, Zedd and his wizard fire) were fabulous!  Season 1 was epic, so I don't know what that makes Season 2. Superb!   I bought several copies of the Season 1 DVD and passed them along to friends and have pre-ordered Season 2. I have many friends who are Moms who watched the show with their children who are fascinated by the characters and the stories.          I was also VERY pleased that the supporting cast as well as the production crews remained throughout the two seasons.  And, most of all, Michael Beesley who directed the first two episodes of Season 1 (as well as many others) also directed the what-may-well-be last episode.   Joseph LoDuca's music added a lot to the series and I play it on my car CD every time I drive somewhere.  There were just so many wonderful aspects to be derived from this show.  I am truly saddened that it has been canceled.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|UP is truly a great movie.  Myself plus the kids really, truly enjoy it.  On Blu Ray it looks amazing.
1906694176|5.0|I ordered this book for one of my daughter's for Mother's Day--the USA version was not to be published until May 24th--so I ordered from a wonderful source who promised delivery before Mother's Day--book was published earlier in UK.  Service wonderful and delivery fast.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Lots of people are complaining about the sixth season and the finale, but for me it was completely satisfying and moving. Some viewers have been primarily interested in the characters and how they grew and changed and the spiritual/existential purpose of each. Others are more focused on the show's sci-fi element, the mysteries of the Dharma Initiative and the island. Did the show answer every question about the island? No. But I don't think that was ever the point - to me, it was all about the characters and their development. If you agree, you'll find the ending cathartic, touching and fulfilling.
1416594787|5.0|Incredible!  I wish everyone would read this ... and without blinders.      My only disappointment was that I read this on my Kindle and didn't get the full effect of the great photographs, diagrams and illustrations in the hard copy.
B0032CVAQQ|5.0|I haven't been able to read the whole book because I had added onto the Kindle before giving it to my fiance as a grooms gift.  What I was able to read I enjoy and can't wait to finish.  Reading it from the Kindle is easy and enjoyable-no more thick, heavy books to carry around on vacations!
B00006L7XQ|5.0|AS far as I am concerned,this is the man in black's best effort. He's made these cover songs his own. You can just hear the maturity and pain in his voice. It is my favorite from his long distinguished career.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Season 6 was different from all the seasons because it was in fact the last and the end of this beautiful amazing story. Some people didn't get the bigger picture of it while some are just not ready to let it go yet. Regardless of how you felt, there is no denying that this show presented some of the best stories, writing, and acting. I loved the ending and I will miss this show terribly. Don't listen to the people who say it was awful because that's ridiculous. They either don't get it or simply have no imagination.This show comes with heart and soul. Congratulations to everyone who worked so hard on this wonderful show. I am so sad right now.
B0000696I0|5.0|Awesome movie that i enjoyed a lot growing up, as well as the first one which i purchased together with this one...would recommend it to anyone, fan of the turtles or not!
B001LF347E|5.0|I discovered this show on SyFy one Friday evening while channel surfing and immediately fell in love with it..... so much so that I found myself watching the entire first season on Hulu.    This is a great series and it great for all ages....I'm over 40 and LOVE it.    This is a refreshing change to the reality show garbage that is played all too much on American TV.
B002X6DQV4|5.0|As shipped, this allows you to plug a female cigarette lighter plug into a ctek-equipped electrical system using the o-ring weather sealed ctek snaplock connector.  That's great, but you are still confined to the cigarette plug format.<br /><br />You can cut the cig plug off and install what is known as an anderson connector on the end of the cord, change the fuse to whatever your wiring system can handle (10-20-30 A), and then use this as a high power interface since your ctek outlet is wired directly to your battery with high current cable (in my case #8 wire, 6 feet, directly to the battery) - and it comes out on my dash next to the cruise control with the opposite polarity ctek connector.<br /><br />In effect, this allows you to use a vehicle or battery in reverse, taking power out of the charger inlet.  Your creativity is not burdened by the 10A wiring to the lighter socket in the vehicle.
3527406018|5.0|I've just begun a wonderful voyage through the realms of the smallest entities of energy or matter (how ever one wants to see these building blocks of the world at large). Nobody, whatever the background, can remain calm and disengaged with professor Griffiths unfolding the spectrum of particles. It is his exceptional talent to word his messages such that they find their way directly to the grey cells of the reader. So far, for my way of thinking, the best written book on topics of physics was \\"The Fabric of the Cosmos\\" by Brian Green. Now there is a second book on this shelve of \\"most pleasure to read\\": \\"Introduction to Elementary Particles\\" by David J. Griffiths
B000NA2BEU|4.0|As much as I love Veronica Mars, I was rather disappointed in the way the series ended.  I want to know what happens with Veronica and Logan, or how bad the Sheriff's election was.  These questions were never answered.  I did, however, enjoy the season 4 preview.  Too bad the season never aired.
031606792X|5.0|***SPOLIER*** Many people would argue that this book built up a lot of suspense for nothing, but I think the character development and ally development is vital to the story plot.  The marriage and pregnancy, and vampire change leave enough excitement without intense action scenes.
B002U33GUQ|4.0|Startlingly bold even for Mehldau's adventurous standards, the disc and a half may come up slightly short of the all-encompassing epic seldom overwrought arrangements plead for, but as a unified whole still feels surprisingly balanced and executed with a compositional conviction amongst his greatest recordings.
B0035G5IOE|4.0|Fantastic Mr. Fox is stellar example of stop-motion animation and looks fantastic on hi-def. The entire production is richly detailed and painstakingly animated, with a wonderful soundtrack that's as much a part of this film as the furry creatures that inhabit it. It's very nostalgic, beginning with the Ballad of Davy Crockett and includes folk songs from Burt Ives and a selection of pop songs (like the Beach Boys). One climactic scene is punctuated by the Rolling Stones' \\"[[ASIN:B00006AW2J Street Fighting Man]]\\" and it's hard to imagine a better song to go along with the action after hearing it. The rest of the diverse and richly-textured OST [[ASIN:B002OULHPG (Original Soundtrack)]] was created by French film composer Alexandre Desplat, consisting of piano, banjos, violin, xylophones, flute, and brass band. It gives the film a magical, golden innocence that's playful, nostalgic and timeless all at the same time, perfectly suited for a children's story. Each song is tailored to the onscreen action and is delightful to listen to. Where Mr. Fox is running free in the fields, the music has the country twang of banjos and springy piano. Every scene with the rat (a villain) ramps up to a spaghetti-westerny twang of guitars and whistling (\\"Bean's Secret Cider Cellar\\"), an homage to Ennio Morricone's theme from [[ASIN:B001U6YI92 The Good, the Bad and the Ugly]]. In hi-def, you can really appreciate all the care and attention that went into making this film, including the texture of the fur and clothing the animals wear, the lettering on boxes and labels, and even the writing in newspapers.<br /><br />The story: Mr. Fox is a clever, but reckless chicken thief. He is sly, fast-talking, and persuasive (perhaps even manipulative). This is established from the clever dialog right out the starting gate between him and his wife in the choice of scenic route or shortcut, and method of entry into the squad shack they are about to pilfer (Mr. Fox always gets his choice). During the raid, Mr. and Mrs. Fox get caught in a fox trap (due to Mr. Fox's hubris) as they are about to make off with their loot. She tells him she is pregnant and makes him promise to give up his life of crime should they survive. 2 years go by and he is now a newspaper columnist and a family man, looking to move out of his hole in the ground and into a nicer tree so he doesn't feel so poor. They move into a tree near the farms of Boggis, Bunce, and Bean, three very mean farmers. Mr. Fox plans one last heist with the help of his dimwitted opossum building superintendent, Kylie. One last heist becomes three as Mr. Fox lapses back to his old ways, with each raid getting progressively more daring that the last.<br /><br />Angered by the thefts, the farmers band together to eliminate their pest problem. Eventually, his entire family and all the animals of the forest get roped into the situation because of Mr. Fox's selfishness, in an escalating war brought about by the three men, who are determined to kill Mr. Fox at all costs.<br /><br />Despite the PG rating, I don't feel that this film is suitable for most kids due to the slow pacing and Wes Anderson-styled melancholy that is his trademark. The script feels like it's meant for adults rather than children, despite the origin of this story being a Roald Dahl novel. George Clooney delivers most of his lines in a deadpan, and while there are a few quick action sequences, the film is driven mostly by dialog and is an exploration of family dynamics (husband-wife, father-son, son-nephew). High-school aged audiences may be fine, but this film is certainly not for the under-13 crowd. It's not very kid-friendly stuff and may bore younger viewers.<br /><br />But for adults, it's definitely worth checking out. And get the amazing soundtrack too! 4.5/5 stars.Mr. and Mrs. Fox get caught in a fox trap (due to Mr. Fox's hubris) as they are about to make off with their loot. She tells him she is pregnant and makes him promise to give up his life of crime should they survive. 2 years go by and he is now a newspaper columnist and a family man, looking to move out of his hole in the ground and into a nicer tree so he doesn't feel so poor. They move into a tree near the farms of Boggis, Bunce, and Bean, three very mean farmers. Mr. Fox plans one last heist with the help of his dimwitted opossum building superintendent, Kylie. One last heist becomes three as Mr. Fox lapses back to his old ways, with each raid getting progressively more daring that the last.    Angered by the thefts, the farmers band together to eliminate their pest problem. Eventually, his entire family and all the animals of the forest get roped into the situation because of Mr. Fox's selfishness, in an escalating war brought about by the three men, who are determined to kill Mr. Fox at all costs.    Despite the PG rating, I don't feel that this film is suitable for most kids due to the slow pacing and Wes Anderson-styled melancholy that is his trademark. The script feels like it's meant for adults rather than children, despite the origin of this story being a Roald Dahl novel. George Clooney delivers most of his lines in a deadpan, and while there are a few quick action sequences, the film is driven mostly by dialog and is an exploration of family dynamics (husband-wife, father-son, son-nephew). High-school aged audiences may be fine, but this film is certainly not for the under-13 crowd. It's not very kid-friendly stuff and may bore younger viewers.     But for adults, it's definitely worth checking out. And get the amazing soundtrack too! 4.5/5 stars.
B001IBIHQ4|2.0|Yes, BOB can't be topped, and therefore should not be compared with The Pacific.  Yes, the Pacific theater has never had a dedicated series like this.    But all in all, apart from some good action sequences (such as the Creek shootout in Guadalcanal), The Pacific is slow paced and doesn't do justice to the Japanese army in WWII.  In the series, the Japanese are portrayed as a disorganized band of soldiers who seem to be more eager to jump in the front of a machine gun than actually do warfare.    I also missed a storyline that I could follow -- although I consider myself to be pretty knowledgeable about WWII, many times I found myself trying to understand what was the mission at hand or what the soldiers were supposed to do next.  In BOB, I always knew what the soldiers had to accomplish in the episode, which made the show much more enjoyable.    On a final note, I guess I could do without the slow, love sequences such as the ones when the soldiers are stationed in Australia.    In conclusion, coming from Spielberg and Hanks, I must say I hoped for much more...
1405005181|5.0|This has been a favorite book of my 2.5 year old's for a long time, and I was so happy to find a recording so she could listen to it at bedtime.  It's an entertaining rendition with cute background effects/music.  My only critique is that it has to be turned down quite low as the background music can be a bit loud at times.
0739319175|3.0|The weakest and longest of the three.  Lots of cheese (No-wet-lics?--really?!, why not call it BS!) along the way to a conclusion that is so weak--really someone thinkins THAT is a national security risk, really?!--you might hit eject or toss the book down.  Careful as you could hurt someone!  Better to skip this paperweight/doorstop.<br /><br />Alex, I will take an editor for 500 pages, please.  Much of the book could have been editted out and saved trees and aluminum galore.<br /><br />Let's hope they skip the movie adaption as those first two were bad to horrible.<br /><br />Should we as a society be ashamed that this \\"book\\" was teh best seller of the decade?
1433502410|2.0|I have heard glowing reviews about the ESV. My comments do not regard the textual basis of the ESV (Alexandrian vs. Byzantine vs. TR). My review concerns faithfulness to the Greek text chosen. I expected better. But what I'm experiencing is rather interesting:  As I study the Greek under the ESV text in the reverse interlinear edition, I'm seeing how loose this translation really is. By putting the ESV above the Greek, the ESV is exposed to be unworthy of the glowing reviews this translation has been given. Fortunately, I purchased this translation within an analytical Greek interlinear for the detailed Greek analysis; but I never expected the ESV to be so exposed.    I have to conclude that the ESV is slightly better than the NIV. It is tighter in some respects of translation; but nonetheless, I find some unjustifiable \\"dynamic\\" translation, frequently enough that it really can get on my nerves.  In other words, like the NIV, the ESV is not always a translation, not by a long shot, and certainly not a formal translation by any stretch of the imagination. It is interesting to see (via the ESV interlinear) how many words they insert, claiming they are drawn from the Greek (that is, say, 4 English words used to translate one Greek verb) when, in fact, there is no support for those words at all. It may be that the translators thought they are expanding the translation from what's embedded in the Greek, which I have no problem with (like K. Wuest's expanded translation), but that isn't what actually occurred in the final product.    Further, the translation of Greek verbs is unnecessarily inaccurate regarding aspect in many cases. For one instance only, translating the first verb in Eph. 2:1 as a finite aorist indicative when it is a participle present indicative is simply unjustified and destroys the flow of thought and the \\"set up\\" Paul is establishing in his construction of the larger text. (Thankfully, the ESV did not \\"blow it\\" by inserting the punch line from vs. 5into vs. 1 as a few translations do without any moral reason to do so.)    Finally, it is interesting that the translators used essentially the same method as did those of the NKJV. In each case, they took a former translation and rewrote it, looking at the Greek and Hebrew, of various traditions.  The ESV is a rewrite of the RSV as the NKJV is a rewrite of the KJV. Both used translation from the original languages; both sought to correct and improve the former by translation while using the former translation as the model to stick to; and likely, both did improve the former versions (I know it's true with the NKJV).  But isn't it interesting that the ESV translation committee was never accused of what the NKJV committee was accused of: that of only rewriting into more modern English but not retranslating.  How is it that both committees did the same thing, but the NJKV gets bashed for it while the ESV gets praise which it doesn't really deserve, the latter being an inferior translation to that of the NKJV when considering faithfulness to the Greek text chosen to underly the translation itself?  The NKJV was faaaar more faithful to the TR and Maj.T Greek than was the ESV to the Alexandrian.    Folks, you can have the ESV.  When I want an Alexandrian-based text, I use the 1901 ASV or the original NASB (the Updated NASB, like the ESV, was an unnecessary and very inferior rework of the NASB.  The UNASB and ESV are far loose enough that we can say we already had such a translation in the NIV.  Why did we need two more NIV-type Bibles?  Why did we waste so much time and money simply to produce sequels to the NIV--the NIV II and NIV III, if you will?  Gee, will someone produce an  NIV 1 1/2--the prequel?).
0765318741|5.0|Great Great Great Horror Story.  had to read in one night to find out the ending.  Re-read on occasion.  The movie does this book by Matheson no justice.  Love the story!
B0000AK7AA|5.0|I had the VHS copy of the movie. I have not seen this movie in a long time. I used to love this movie. I never kenw that it was on DVD. I might check it out.
B000J3OTTQ|3.0|Whith not expecting this film to be as good as Save the Last Dance, I was expecting a lot more than what was served. The acting, plot and character development was all sorely lacking, to the point where the motivation for character's actions were at many times missing. An example of the poor character development, is that we are shown how these boys kill time in their underprivileged situation by getting involved with illegal activities, but we are not shown why and how they got involved (eg at least try and show they are trying to fill something they feel is missing in their life) - but all we see is them acting and being stupid. so we don't feel any sympathy or empathy for the main male characters. Also lots of cheesy and corny lines, doesn't help the script either. and unfortunately even the strongest area of the film - the dancing - was only OK, as it really lacked the WOW factor one should expect in this day.
1582701709|5.0|I was shocked when I saw the number of negative reviews of this book.  I am sure there may be books that do a better job of giving you specifics on how to achieve success and happiness in life.   And there may be better books that explain the science behind success and happiness.  But that is not the point of this book.  This book is a high level (as opposed to micro-detail level) explanation of the law of attraction.  It doesn't try to sell you anything else.  I agree that life is not 100% determined by how you feel or how you think.  But I have experienced many successes in life before reading this book and I realized by reading it that I had positive thoughts and faith with regard to those successes.  Nearly all of my failures and unhappiness is rooted in my lack of confidence and faith, and my internal dialogue telling me I can't do it or don't deserve it.  So don't let the negative reviews dissuade you from reading this book.  There is a quote at the end of the book that really changed my life.  It made me cry.  It is on page 183 starting with \\"the Earth turns on its orbit for you.\\"  This book gave me confidence that I am a child of God and that I am important.  So important that the entire Universe would not exist without Me!  No other book has ever made me feel like that before.  This is a great book.
B002ZG99E0|5.0|can't say enough how pleased I am with how this film evolved. I knew what to expect, 'cause I cheated and read the end of the novel. I'm not a Sparks reader. So I went in with his ending in my head. Miley has grown by huge leaps since her first entry onto the big screen. But it was all the characters who drew me in and yes, Sparks had to have provided the structure for these great characters. I cried and cried. You just have to see the film to understand. Then years ago, I wouldn't have understood the characters motivation, wouldn't have accepted it. But \\"Last Song\\" sure helped put things in perspective for me. And so, I have to thank Mr. Sparks for part of this new acceptance of reality.
B001GQ3DXS|5.0|An extended version on Jane Austen's \\"Persuasion\\" that speaks through Captain Frederick Wentworth regarding his relationship the middle sister of the Elliott's, Anne. I loved this story because of it's simplicity to understand and because you get to know what Frederick is feeling, thinking and why he was so cold and distant towards Anne in Persuasion.  A really great read for any Austen lover.
B002ZG9968|5.0|I was in the mood to watch a light-hearted romantic comedy and that is what I got. So girls out there, when you're home alone and very bored, get yourself the movie DVD, keep your ice cream bowl and your chocolate bars at your side and start watching. It's entertaining, predictable but funny and very much a chic flick. J-lo as always dresses well and looks hot even though she plays the role of a mommy-to-be in almost half of the movie and Alex O'Loughlin is a hunk. Don't know about the second half of the movie but in the first half, his character is too good to be true. Obviously, this is 'reel' life, not 'real' life but you so want to believe in it and you do 'coz he's done a fab job at acting, not to mention, he looks gorgeous. I wish life could end up being as perfect as in the film, with marrying the love of your life who happens to be hot, not one but two children when you want(even though you don't have a clue who the father is) with a third on it's way (this time, you know who the father is) and a pet shop of your own. This sure ain't a movie for guys who are into action/ thriller/horror/sci-fi films and all the rest of the boy stuff. Will couples expecting soon like the movie? ummm...not sure!! At least the fathers to be won't. All the cons of having a baby stood out more than the pro's but I guess people are pretty much aware of the ups and downs of parenthood already.
2839906171|4.0|Para los que hacemos negocios o somos consultores de negocios, este es un excelente manual que nos ayuda a tener un lenguaje com&uacute;n para describir como las organizaciones crean, entregan y cobran valor. Tambi&eacute;n nos ayuda para revisar el modelo actual y buscar &aacute;reas de oportunidad e innovaci&oacute;n.<br /><br />Tuve la oportunidad de recibir un curso/diplomado directamente por uno de los co-creadores Armando Maldonado que nos ense&ntilde;o maravillosamente el lienzo y sus detalles.<br /><br />Adquirir este libro es dinero bien invertido.
B000W91RUG|5.0|I first saw a couple of episodes on YouTube, and I got hooked. This sitcom is about four male scientists - two of which (Leonard and Sheldon) room together in an apartment. These four guys spend a lot of time together playing online games, going to conventions and science symposiums, etc. They are socially awkward, especially around women. The fifth character is a beautiful young woman named Penny, who happens to be the new neighbor across the hall.    All four guys are geniuses in their own right, while Penny is sometimes portrayed as a ditz. Each character has his or her flaws, of course. Penny is not too smart, but she does have her moments, and she is sensitive. Leonard is instantly infatuated by Penny and persists in trying to date her - he's actually the most \\"normal\\" of the male group. Sheldon is an obsessive, compulsive, over-analytical germ-o-fob who mocks and belittles anyone who doesn't measure up to his I.Q. Howard loves to woo women, but overdoes it, making him hilarious. And finally, there's Raj - the scientist from India who absolutely cannot talk to women.    Add to the mix an unflattering wardrobe for the guys, and just about everything that a nerd or a geek might own, and you have a recipe for huge laughs. I can identify a bit with these guys because, like these characters, I collect sci-fi stuff as well. And I'm a woman. So, it makes the show even funnier to watch.    One suggestion, though. Don't watch the show late at night. If you do, use a pillow so that you may laugh hysterically without waking anyone.
B001OQCV6A|2.0|I've been a big Sherlock Holmes fan since I was in junior high (I'm 38 now).  I love the original stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and the most famous movie adaptations featuring Basil Rathbone and, more recently, Jeremy Brett as Sherlock Holmes.  I was skeptical that this movie would be in the same league as those portrayals of Holmes.  My concerns were well founded.  The writers decided to give Holmes an edgier persona, probably to appeal to a younger viewing audience.  Sherlock Holmes is portrayed as sloppy looking, cocky, and rude.  At times he actually comes across as an idiot.  Sherlock Holmes did not possess these qualities.  He was meticulous, confident (yes), but dignified and always a gentleman.  And he never came across as an idiot.  In addition the film is excessively packed with over the top action scenes and hand to hand combat (they even have Holmes compete in an ultimate fighting style cage match).  I realize that this stuff is popular today, but I was hoping for just a good suspenseful mystery.  That's what Sherlock Holmes was all about.  The story line itself is really weak and filled with supernatural elements.  The actor portraying Dr. Watson didn't do a bad job, and Rachel McAdams was decent as Irene Adler.  But this was hardly enough to offset the weak story and, more importantly, the horrible portrayal of Sherlock  Holmes.  If you're a fan of the \\"traditional\\" Sherlock Holmes, I think you will be very disappointed with this film.
B000002BBY|5.0|There are few albums that you can listen to over and over again. Some will age well, some will don't. What's The Story Morning Glory is the perfect example how an album from start (Hello) to finish (Champagne Supernova) should be. Even though it wasn't the door that opened to Britpop across the world (Definitely Maybe, Oasis debut was) it was defined as the freshest album of its genre, and `til this day it is still my favorite.<br /><br />There's no need for Beatles comparison. Is Oasis, or should I say The Gallagher brothers, influenced heavily by the Fab Four? Indeed. Is that crime? Of course not. Can there be a resemblance found from The Beatles in this album? Absolutely and maybe that's why this album is fantastic.<br /><br />For some reason there was a thing called `Oasismania' back in 1995-1996 and it wasn't because of their looks. For all those who decide to hate on Oasis simply because they `considered themselves better than anyone else' I highly suggest to listen to this album. If you are not convinced maybe it's because you're not into rock n roll and its different roots, but other than that, this can possibly be one of your new favorite albums either of genre, from the 90's or of all times.<br /><br />I had the pleasure in putting this on my CD player the other night and wished for many bands to follow the same example, greatness!<br /><br />A soon to be classic, if it's not already.
B002VPE1B6|2.0|I wonder how many blu-ray players got returned (or in this day and age of easy obsolescence just got thrown out) after attempting to play Avatar. This is a no-frills, no extras release of the movie, so why was it produced with content that apparently did not play nicely with many blu-ray machines? Not every user is a techno-geek like me who would think to try a firmware update. Yes, the firmware update fixed the problem, but I'd like to know what fantastic technological wizardry is on display in this release to make it necessary to buck the blu-ray standard?
0060527978|5.0|If you are one who \\"seeks to understand\\", then this is a must read.  Pablo Coelho inspires as wells as helps you to see reality as to who you really are.  The courage to dream and accept failure as a pathway to success is put in a way that is incredibly motivating.  It is equally helpful on the personal as well as business side of the equation.  There is a certain \\"madness\\" to us all that needs to be embraced and he sure does it.
B002UXRGM0|5.0|I think BBC did a remarkable job on this documentary just as they did in the Planet Earth series.  David Attenborough's narration is timeless. I particularly enjoyed the episode on Fish. The bits on the flying  fish was filmed in Trinidad & Tobago which is where I'm from.    A definite addition to my blu-ray collection!
B00005JN8Z|5.0|Acting was great.  Visually spectactular.  A story all should see to remind us how great we humans can be and also how depreved and evil some (especially rulers) can be.
0312933541|4.0|There are basically two distinct types of Jeffrey Archer books:    a) Epic character-driven tales of lifelong ambition and struggle ('Kane And Abel', 'Prodigal Daughter', 'First Among Equals', 'As The Crow Flies', 'The Fourth Estate', 'Sons of Fortune')    b) Relatively lean and fast-paced political thrillers ('Shall We Tell The President', 'Honour Among Thieves', 'Eleventh Commandment').    'A Matter Of Honour' falls into the second category, and is yet another entertaining Archer thriller. Young ex-soldier Adam Scott is left a mysterious envelope in his father's will, and the contents soon find him being persued all over Europe by agents of the Soviet Union and the United States, as well as his own Foreign Office. What is the significance of the object Adam's father was bequeathed, and how does it relate to the Soviets' sudden propaganda campaign in the West? There is also the question of the Scott family's \\"disgrace\\", and whether Adam can use the object to finally restore his late father's honour.    This is a good book, and fans of Archer's work will find plenty to love here. The characterisation is fairly standard Archer, which means it could be seen as a little cliche'd at times. Certainly Adam is very much an \\"Archer hero\\" who can endure all manner of phyiscal and intellectual challenges while still charming the pants off any girl he meets, and Romanov is the ruthless villan who'd kill his own close friends and lovers in cold blood to get what he wants. However, there are some surprisingly well-drawn side characters, in particular the increasingly enigmatic Lawrence as the friend who may or may not have sold Adam out, and the headstrong tomboyish Robin, whose fluent lying gets Adam out of several tight spots.     In typical Archer fashion, he blends fact with fiction, incorporating real people and events into the narrative to give it a genuine believability. Archer always came up with intruging plots for his thrillers, and the basis for this book is quite clever; a way to potentially humiliate and humble the United States without resorting to thriller cliches like bombs, disasters, or super weapons. And as with some of his other works, parts of the ending are left open, with not every question answered or secret revealed.     If you enjoyed Archer's other thrillers, you'll like this book. A good and fairly easy read. Four stars.
0811806405|4.0|Many find this book to be the \\"Bible\\" of making guitars. It is thorough. That's why it has a 4 star from me. However, it's written like a complex manual for some highly technical procedure. I seem to remember this type of manual from my younger days, 30 years ago or so. Fortunately, when I built my first guitar from a kit, I had other resources that were written in much simpler terms. Looking back on that build, and then reading Cumpiano's book, I can understand what he's saying. But if I had tried building based solely on his book, I probably would have never finished the guitar. As an example, for thinning down the top of the guitar, he says something like \\"Run your plane down the longitudinal axis\\". That's a simple, probably not too hard to understand, sentence, but the author's use of very technical terms put me off.   Again, many, many people swear by this book. I'm just saying it may not be for everyone.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Great movie! If you haven't seen it you should. If you've seen it, watch it again. It really looks great in blu-ray.
B001E3E1J8|4.0|This is another wonderful book written by Nicholas Sparks. I loved the book a lot, even with some of the parts being slow, also without a lot of character development, or the capturing the feeling of the Carolina's like his other books. It was a nice romantic young love story, and makes you realize there is that special someone for you, even if you don't know it when you're very young. I loved how the character of Jamie Sullivan took everything in stride...no matter what came her way. I feel it was very short, and they should had more evidence of her being sick with Leukemia throughout the whole book, but they had to include the story of Landon getting to know her better.        That is why I give it 4 out of 5 stars, because there could've been more interesting plot points incorporated into the story. It was still good, but not all around his best works compared to \\"The Last Song\\" and \\"The Notebook\\" which had more of  real emotional feelings, and that you can actually picture being the characters, or having interactions with the characters that are met along the way. Jamie is a daughter of the towns minister, and her mother died while giving birth. Jamie is very religious, and says everything is God's will, and in his plan. She gets made fun of, because of how she is by a lot of people, but they realize how special she is once they find out she is dying of cancer. Her most desired wish was for the bad boy Landon to fall in love with her, and she gets excited when she sees that he signs up to be in play, written by her father.      Landon realizes in the middle the book that he is really in love with Jamie, and that he never felt that way about someone before at all. As Jamie is getting thinner and sicker towards the end, she is happy that Landon is around, finally admits that she loves him, and has more included of her getting sick, having to be in a wheelchair to her wedding, as she gets married to Landon, and description of where the money comes from for herto be at home with doctor care rather than the hospital. It is also told from Landon's perspective, and even though Jamie died he still loves her only, and wears the wedding ring that she gave him.
0316017922|3.0|Outliers is a typical Malcolm Gladwell book, much like his earlier work: [[ASIN:0316010669 Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking]] and [[ASIN:0316346624 The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference]]. The author picks a topic and a conclusion he wants to convince the user of and then finds novel stories that help him to convince the reader of his point. In Outliers, the author argues that success is not the hard work and talent of one person, but more like the lucky situation that person happens to be in.<br /><br />The book consists of 2 parts, about 300 pages and is written in an excellent easy-to-read style. The first part argues that everyone is a product of their surroundings and that THAT has a bigger impact than anything else. Of course, hard work is still needed to achieve success, but people need the opportunity of hard work and that makes them nearly a victim of their surroundings. Malcolm makes his point by looking at national hockey and shows that hockey players are usually born on the early months of a year, which gives them an advantage because of a cut-off dates. He dives into the history of the beatles and argues that they were somewhat lucky to have the opportunity to get a lot of practice, which let them to be the band they have become. He explores high-IQ people and shows that being smart doesn't mean being successful and ends with the lessons he learned from exploring successful lawyers who all happen to have been Jewish and born around the same time.<br /><br />The second part drives the point of context even further and explores the impact of culture on success. The author starts of by exploring violence in villages who have a Scottish history and from there to Korean Airlines where (according to the author) culture was an important reason for having a low safety record. He makes a (IMHO somewhat far-fetched) link between rice farming and math scores and ends the book with his own personal history about slavery in Jamaica.<br /><br />Outliers is a very well written and very convincing book. It is a typical journalist book in that all the information is second hand from the author exploring a subject for a limited amount of time for the purpose of writing this book. But the author is, as always, able to find interesting, funny, and surprising stories to make his point.<br /><br />I liked Outliers less than the earlier work from Malcolm Gladwell. I agree with his point that success is for a large part coming from the context in which you grow up. However, some of the stories were a little far fetched and were purely chosen for making his point. I'm sure counter stories can also be found, but they are not discussed in the book. In a way, at times, I felt manipulated by the author. Especially the parts where he relates math scores to rice farming is IMHO just too far fetched (especially for a person who lived in Asia for the last 10 years). This made me, at times, feel cheated into a one-way discussion. Additionally, the author seemed to skip over the argument that a person is active in his context and thus has an influence, he is not just a victim.<br /><br />I've been thinking of rating Outliers 3 or 4 stars. Four stars because, as his earlier work, it is written really well and the book is entertaining. I did enjoy reading it. Three stars because this book did *exactly* what I expected, but didn't exceed my expectations at all. Especially being familiar with the authors style (from Blink and Tipping Point), there was no big surprise. I enjoyed his earlier work more, and thus decided to stay with 3 stars. Definitively a good book, worth reading, especially if you like this style.is a very well written and very convincing book. It is a typical journalist book in that all the information is second hand from the author exploring a subject for a limited amount of time for the purpose of writing this book. But the author is, as always, able to find interesting, funny, and surprising stories to make his point.    I liked Outliers less than the earlier work from Malcolm Gladwell. I agree with his point that success is for a large part coming from the context in which you grow up. However, some of the stories were a little far fetched and were purely chosen for making his point. I'm sure counter stories can also be found, but they are not discussed in the book. In a way, at times, I felt manipulated by the author. Especially the parts where he relates math scores to rice farming is IMHO just too far fetched (especially for a person who lived in Asia for the last 10 years). This made me, at times, feel cheated into a one-way discussion. Additionally, the author seemed to skip over the argument that a person is active in his context and thus has an influence, he is not just a victim.    I've been thinking of rating Outliers 3 or 4 stars. Four stars because, as his earlier work, it is written really well and the book is entertaining. I did enjoy reading it. Three stars because this book did *exactly* what I expected, but didn't exceed my expectations at all. Especially being familiar with the authors style (from Blink and Tipping Point), there was no big surprise. I enjoyed his earlier work more, and thus decided to stay with 3 stars. Definitively a good book, worth reading, especially if you like this style.
B00095NX9G|5.0|Wow! Was I elated when I received my copy of \\"Serpentine\\", so anxiously and with infectious enthusiasm, I embarked on a personal exploration into the many dimensions of what collectively characterizes the belly dance journey of this simply awesome program. Kudos to WDNY for bringing Rachel Brice on board!<br /><br />This 2 dvd program demystifies a beautiful path towards a transformatinal adventure of full body expression into tribal style belly dance. Rachel Brice, who well wears the adjective \\"serpentine\\", begins the two part program with a welcome and explains that the program is open level adding that \\"consistancy\\" is key in attaining your goals for this dance style. This program can be used in segments that can be applied daily in great length or in short segments for those with limited time. In addition, Rachel adds a mini class at the end of the program.<br /><br />Disk one<br />Technique<br />Preparation and strengthening section include a fantastic conditioning workout based on standing and seated asanas, including proper breathing. For those of us who use yoga as a prelim to dance, you will find these poses beneficial for strengthening upper and lower back.  In addition,leg strengthening drills which I find useful for adding grace, fluidity and useful in ease of transition, isolation drills with 4 basic foot work patterns such as cross steps, triplets, grapevine and step touch and simple arm frames. Shimmy drills follow with challenging ¾ shimmies topped with traveling undulations and mayas.<br /><br />Disk two<br />All about choreography<br />Two beautiful dances with demos broken down simply. The practice loops very well allow an ease of transition from combo to combo to facilitate learning.<br />Dance one: \\"Kozarica Kolo,\\"  by \\"Brass Menazeri, fun, upbeat.<br />Dance two: \\"Whisper Hungarian In My Ear,\\" by the Toids.  Slow and enchanting, this is my favorite!<br />Finish the class with a yoga session (cooldown)<br />A Lecture class follows which is a great bonus- Rachel instructs on proper technique for backbends. footwork and arms patterns, yoga and proper breath which are essential to strengthen the body and create flexibility.<br />Two fabulous performances in the usual sinuous signature style that Rachel Brice is famous for which are utterly and absolutely breathtaking!<br />There is simply too much to write about. This program is abundant in technqiue, yoga, and key ingredients for a successful journey into \\"Rachel style\\" tribal fusion.It is wonderful that WDNY continues to bring forth fantastic instructors who share their creative success, and knowledge to enrich our belly dance lives.kbends. footwork and arms patterns, yoga and proper breath which are essential to strengthen the body and create flexibility.   Two fabulous performances in the usual sinuous signature style that Rachel Brice is famous for which are utterly and absolutely breathtaking!  There is simply too much to write about. This program is abundant in technqiue, yoga, and key ingredients for a successful journey into \\"Rachel style\\" tribal fusion.It is wonderful that WDNY continues to bring forth fantastic instructors who share their creative success, and knowledge to enrich our belly dance lives.
1416562605|5.0|I was recommended this book, simply because I had to have something different to read from the usual type of book that I'll usually be buried in. I'm glad I read this as from start to finish I couldn't put it down. I was gripped from the first paragraph to the last, and found it to be both a haunting, yet beautiful tale of one man's passion to break free from the shackles of servitude, but is driven by this passion to darker things.<br /><br />Aravind Adiga manages to portray the darker, grimier and more sinister side of Indian life that those in the west never usually hear about. The main character is one that you come to have real feelings for; you want him to succeed, even though you become aware from the beginning of his horrible crime. The story is told in the form of a letter written to the Premier of China by Balram Halwai, nicknamed the White Tiger. Balram tells the Premier of China his life story and tells of the events that lead Balram to become a successful entrepeneur, and along the way reveals the darker sides of Indian culture, politics and society as a whole.<br /><br />Born into a servant caste, Balram's future was always set as him being a servant to the rich, but in school he was instantly recognised as a clever boy and given the nickname White Tiger by a school inspector, which means that Balram is a child that comes across only once in a generation and he should be recognised as such.<br /><br />Coming under the servitude of a Mr. Ashok, you are given the sense that there is more to the relationship between the two than just Master and Servant. Ashok shows more compassionate behaviour towards Balram than his other rich friends, and it almost comes across as a father and son relationship. The story retains, for the first half, a positive tone as Balram describes his relationship with and his affection towards his master; but takes a more sinister turn halfway through as he begins to describe the downfall of his master and the inevitable conclusion.<br /><br />The real beauty of this story is not the plot itself, but more the build up to the conclusion and the descriptions of Indian culture and society throughout. It is revealing and cutting of the political and police system of the nation and portrays it as an entirely corrupt and divided nation through the description of the poor remaining in their place through the use of the metaphor of the poor being chickens in a coop. Even if they were given the opportunity, they wouldn't leave the coop. The dedication that a servant has to their master is a troubling one to ponder in the real world, but I find it fairly haunting that, even in this modern age, this type of class divide and almost legalised slavery still exists.<br /><br />I loved this book. Adiga has a real talent for portraying the raw and disgusting image of the Indian lower classes and portrays the hopelessness of their lives in a truly haunting way. You are easily placed in the same situation as Balram and understand his cause to the point where you are almost justifying his crime. You know you shouldn't be able to relate to a character that has committed such a heinous act, but when you come to know this characters life story and when you become aware of the suffering he has been put through as a servant you find yourself agreeing with his actions and ask \\"why didn't he do it sooner?\\"<br /><br />A stunning read and one I would highly recommend.f this story is not the plot itself, but more the build up to the conclusion and the descriptions of Indian culture and society throughout. It is revealing and cutting of the political and police system of the nation and portrays it as an entirely corrupt and divided nation through the description of the poor remaining in their place through the use of the metaphor of the poor being chickens in a coop. Even if they were given the opportunity, they wouldn't leave the coop. The dedication that a servant has to their master is a troubling one to ponder in the real world, but I find it fairly haunting that, even in this modern age, this type of class divide and almost legalised slavery still exists.    I loved this book. Adiga has a real talent for portraying the raw and disgusting image of the Indian lower classes and portrays the hopelessness of their lives in a truly haunting way. You are easily placed in the same situation as Balram and understand his cause to the point where you are almost justifying his crime. You know you shouldn't be able to relate to a character that has committed such a heinous act, but when you come to know this characters life story and when you become aware of the suffering he has been put through as a servant you find yourself agreeing with his actions and ask \\"why didn't he do it sooner?\\"    A stunning read and one I would highly recommend.
B003E48AYC|2.0|This film is a difficult one to review.  Those who have never read \\"Alice's Adventures in Wonderland\\" and \\"Through the Looking Glass and What Alice Found There\\" might be able to enjoy the film from an unbiased perspective, but those of us who have read Lewis Carroll's classics a number of times find it harder to appreciate.  First off the film tries to combine both books, which is the norm when adapting the books to film.  It of course was done in the 1951 Disney classic Alice in Wonderland.  The title \\"Alice in Wonderland\\" is often one used when combining both original Carroll books.  I don't see any harm in that.  In fact, the 1951 animated movie did it exceptionally well because it continued to stay true to other aspects of the stories.  The 2010 version fails to do this.     The story completely changes in the 2010 movie.  We can forget about the fact that Burton made the story dark and scary instead of light and whimsical, as it was intended originally.  We all expected that...he's Tim Burton.  But characters are combined and new ones are created that make no sense.  For example: the movie contains the characters the White Queen (Anne Hathaway) and the Red Queen (Helena Bonham Carter), when in fact Carter is playing the roll of the Queen of Hearts.  The Queen of Hearts is a character from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, while the Red and White Queens are characters from Through the Looking Glass and What Alice Found There.  They are also chess pieces...not people.     Tim Burton takes characters from the books and destroys them.  I understand that Burton wants to \\"go his own way\\" with the story, and that the characters are supposed to be a little changed because it takes place a few years after Alice's original trip to Wonderland, but this film doesn't make sense.  The only positive thing I have to say is that Mia Wasikowska made a wonderful Alice, but you would never know that since the films marketed as \\"OH MY GOD IT'S JOHNNY DEPP.\\" It's not supposed to beabout the Mad Hatter, but it is, and again, it's expected.      Also, the plot is very weak.  Alice goes from inquisitive and innocent one minute to slaying the JABBERWOCK the next.  That's right..it's the Jabberwock NOT the Jabberwocky!!  \\"Jabberwocky\\" is the name of the poem in which the Jabberwock is introduced.  And not once was the word \\"nonsense\\" mentioned.  Which is a purely disgraceful since Carroll invented his own genre of \\"nonsense literature\\" for children.  This could have been a wonderful film, but instead it was ruined by Burton's love of turning childhood classics into horrible nightmares.  Also Burton's ultra-crush on Johnny Depp is overshadowing what a wonderful young actress Mia Wasikowska is and how it's called ALICE in Wonderland.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|My entire family loves this movie. We have 5 boys ranging in ages from 15 to 6 and they all loved it.
1423113381|5.0|I really enjoyed the complexity of the Egyptian mythic world, the lively adventures of the two kids as they tried to save their father, and the many different characters, such as the basketball-loving baboon who only eats foods ending in O.  There aren't a lot of things besides Cheerios and flamingos that meet his standards.<br /><br />The baboon also runs the household of Uncle Amos, an uncle who has stayed out of the children's lives for years. They've been raised separately, the elder son by the father, the younger daughter by the maternal grandparents.  This is because these kids have powers that they don't even know about, and when they are together and get into a fuss, they cause chaos and destruction.<br /><br />The daughter is living in London, while the brother travels the world with archaeologist and researcher Dad.  Each wishes for the life of the other, as the brother is tired of living out of a suitcase, while the daughter is desperate for attention.  She was given a cat named Muffin as a pet, seemingly a consolation prize.<br /><br />One night Dad announces to his two kids, together for the evening, that they're all going to the British Museum for a special after-hours tour.  The end result is a destroyed exhibit gallery...and the kids have just seen their father magically entombed in a golden sarcophagus and rocketed down through the floor, out of sight.  No one believes their story about the Rosetta Stone suddenly exploding.<br /><br />Uncle Amos steps in the next day, takes the kids to his New York home in Brooklyn by using a magical Egyptian ship of ancient design, gliding through ocean waters at high speed to arrive amazingly fast.  At their new home, the kids discover a magical white crocodile named Philip of Macedonia, who is guarding the outside from his swimming pool, meet the baboon, Khufu, and a lot of other magical things.  Best of all, the pet cat, Muffin, is now revealed as Bast, a guardian god who is dedicated to protecting both kids.<br /><br />They need all the protection they can get because there are enemies at every turn...but they discover their own magic.<br /><br />I haven't read anything by this author before, and usually skirt the stuff aimed at the high school and younger reader, but this is an excellent book for readers of all ages.  It's like \\"The Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler\\" combined with Harry Potter.  This book is much better than any of the Potter books in my opinion - those take an average of an hour, and I only read them out of curiosity.  This book I shall reread, and now I can't wait for the sequels.  Write faster!ey can get because there are enemies at every turn...but they discover their own magic.    I haven't read anything by this author before, and usually skirt the stuff aimed at the high school and younger reader, but this is an excellent book for readers of all ages.  It's like \\"The Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler\\" combined with Harry Potter.  This book is much better than any of the Potter books in my opinion - those take an average of an hour, and I only read them out of curiosity.  This book I shall reread, and now I can't wait for the sequels.  Write faster!
1552091090|5.0|I read this book ages ago, my wife had never heard of it, for Mother's day I had the kids sign it and left it out for her to find.  After she was done reading it she was in tears about how it made her feel as a mother with children.
1597801585|1.0|This was positively disgusting.  The few interesting ideas and mostly competent writing could not overcome the pornographic scenes, despicable characters, and gaping logic flaws.  NOT FOR ANYONE UNDER 21 or anyone who is disturbed by reading graphic sexual abuse scenes.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|Watched the movie, but not in the theaters so I won't comment on the 3-d aspect, but I failed to see what the hype was all about. I'll admit the CGI was impressive, but the story line was the same old boy works for evil guy, boy falls for pretty girl, boy reveals he is working for evil guy and is shunned, boy makes heroic stand on behalf of his new people, big battle that's almost lost, happily ever after model. I knew exactly what was going to happen before the movie ended. The dialoge was uninspiring, but tolerable. Maybe I would rate it higher if I had shelled out the extra money to see it in 3-d.
1401923119|5.0|Fantastic complentary to anyone studying medicine or psychology... WOW! It has certainly made studying my PhD easier.  I only wish I had read it earlier.  Other professors shoudl take a leaf out of this book.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|LOVE THIS MOVIE!!! Avatar is an awesome movie and I got the best deal here at Amazon.Com. I shopped around as soon as it was for sale and I found the best price anywhere right here!  Thanks Amazon.com!    ccraterlake@aol.com
B00005JLEU|5.0|Amazing animation + intriguing story + great music + super creative characters = Amazing Film    This is one of my all-time favorite films.  It's one of few films that I own that I keep coming back to for another viewing.
0307463745|4.0|Brilliant bite-sized advice for rethinking your work, your company, your actions, and your motivation.  Fun illustrations throughout help to visually drive the points home and aid in the retention of these positive new philosophies.
1565117700|5.0|I've heard about _Of Mice and Men_ all my life but had never read it. Gary Sinise does a fine job of reading it, with different voices for each character. The story is simple but almost horrifying as I watched Lenny accidently \\"pet\\" Curly's wife to death, and then realized that George is going to kill Lenny rather than let him suffer a trial, prison, or execution. This short story was SO good that I plan to read more of Steinbeck's books from now on.
159102594X|1.0|I bought this book based on the reviews here and a forum that I was on that suggested it was as good as George R.R. Martins, Song of Ice and Fire. Having just finished A Feast for Crows I was hungry for a COMPLETE series that was getting rave reviews. I bought all three books at once and set them aside. I was soon to be taking a 14 hour plane ride and I knew I would need a great book to kill some of the time. What a let-down. I read about 10 pages and srarted to worry. I remembered reading a review that said the book started with a kickass fight scene. Far from it. After about 50 pages I only kept reading because I had little else to do. After about 70 pages it was a battle to continue reading and I set it down. My chief complaint is that I felt like I was reading a book for children. If I still had it I would put some direct quotes from the book but I sold all three on ebay allready. If I was able to get excited about even one of the characters then I would have stuck with it. Anyway I am now reading David Gemmells stuff and loving it. I wish I had these on the plane!
B0011NVC98|4.0|Look.  Motion capture technology is a long, long way from looking 'real'.  Facial expressions (particularly Robin Wright's ever-present grimace) are wooden; movement is decidedly stiff; and the galloping horses looked so downright silly I burst out laughing.  On top of that, Crispin Glover's Grendel is incoherent (and I get it; he's speaking High German, but could we at least have some English subtitles?).  And what has BEOWULF purists up in arms is the fact this film dares to differ, and differ substantially, from its rather stoic yet stuffy original ballad.<br /><br />Yet I say. . .nuts to all of the above.  Despite its flaws, BEOWULF is grand fun and nonstop, thrilling entertainment.  The visuals (especially when the action is animated) are awe-inspiring; this is a very well-crafted film.  And--poem or no poem--the vision of a nude Angelina Jolie, complete with stiletto heels and a long ponytail tapered to a curling spear, emerging from that pool of water is more effective than Viagra.<br /><br />Boasting the voices (and body suits) of some serious celebrities, this film includes the contributions of Ray Winstone, the great Anthony Hopkins, John Malkovich, and Brendan Gleeson.  Can't go wrong with a cast of heavyweights like that, and this film doesn't.  It may stray far from its original legend, and the motion capture technique definitely needs to be tweaked, yet BEOWULF delivers visual entertainment and heart-pounding excitement.  Pour me another mead!<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
0060174900|5.0|I read several reviews about this book and I wasn't sure if I should have purchased it. It's amazing! I enjoyed reading The Bell Jar. It was not depressing as other reviews suggested. Read it-you will not be disappointed.
B00029LNHS|1.0|what can i say just lisen to it for your self,it should have no stars at all  in the name of god.
B0036EH3XE|2.0|I've just finished watching the final episode with my friends, and we all agreed: This is a moderately unsatisfying season featuring a very unsatisfying ending.  According to other reviews and announcements on how the final season will be, there are obviously a lot of people out there, who will love this season no matter what.  Well, I'm not one of them.  The attempts made, to tie up loose ends are often rather funny than revealing. It's more an: \\"Hm, ok. This one is officially solved now.\\" instead of an: \\"Oh my god! NOW I understand! Everything is making sense now!\\", which I would have preferred. Ok, they had tossed so many stuff in so many different directions, that it probably would have been naive to assume, they'd come up with a really good explanation for everything. The problem is, that the main and most important questions were not answered.   I must admit though I was quite surprised on how fairly the ending seemed to develop (at that point I had already let go of the hope for more solved mysteries) until they pulled Christian out of the box! This fact and the ridiculous explanation he gave, really pulled it all down. In my opinion this was a severe mistake. Without that, the ending would have been not especially satisfying but acceptable.    My conclusion: It was great to watch the show under the assumption that one will eventually be able to look behind the curtain of the island. If you don't feel betrayed by the denial of that, enjoy the final season.    I for myself can't get rid of the feeling of being \\"long conned\\"...
1439153663|5.0|I was moved tremendously by this book.  I found it deeply moving.  I was a little apprehensive about what the dialect of the slaves would be - too often slave dialect is over the top and difficult to understand.  No so in this book.  It was a deeply human story told with grace and empathy.  The research done by the author shines through as the details of the area ring very true.  Excellent, excellent book.
0471267554|4.0|This is a pretty well written book. Some of the points are a little redundant but I did learn some things about how are modern diet is setting our bodies up for overall poor health. I have tried a few of the recipies and they are good. I just wish that there were more of them.
B001UV4XWY|1.0|&lt;&lt;spoiler alert>><br /><br />A supernatural being is testing the human race in order to see if they can be saved.<br /><br />Throughout the movie many people tried to warn the main characters and help them succeed, but nothing matters.  The movie is unrelated scenes with no explanation or conclusion.  Why say the aliens can be killed and then do nothing about it.  Why research in the library when nothing comes of it.  Why does the babysitter have a map of victims on her wall? Why show it if it means nothing!!!!! Why show most of the scenes at all?  It's all just to waste time and make you as the viewer do all the work.  The aliens want to \\"save\\" the human race, yet they are the ones forcing people to kill each other.  They also harm children and possess people and give them nose bleeds.  The main characters fail in the end and the movie's end suggests that there will be more and more victims of this supernatural being.<br /><br />No where in the movie does it let you know what the motives are for the experiment.  No origin is given to the being.  The writer sure took a holiday on this one and basically has written no real story at all.
B002NWRMVS|1.0|A disaster of recording and/or mastering! Do engineers--or artists for that matter--listen to their finished products? There isn't a single track without ridiculous (and amateurish) distortion, making it practically unlistenable over a home stereo system.    I won't comment on Ms. Jones' work since I can't manage to sit through a whole song. I am a fan and urge her to, please, listen to what the people in the booth are doing.    If this is an example of the \\"loudness wars\\" then everyone's a loser.
B0036EH3XE|1.0|The final episode of the series was such a huge letdown to me that I have no plans to purchase this DVD like I have done with other series I love that tell a story over several seasons. I loved LOST from the  beginning and kept watching while some of my friends stopped as it got confusing for them.<br /><br />When the final season started I was finding myself not liking some of the story lines as much, basically feeling this final season, to me, is the weakest. But the final episode answers no questions. Why was the Island special? Why did he turn into the smoke monster? Was it all a dream? Were they all dead?<br /><br />I'm trying to say very little because if you are going to watch it then I'm not going to ruin it for you. All I can say is I feel cheated. Good acting and good writing made me want to know what happened to these people and sadly I was left with questions, not answers.<br /><br />If the final episode was pitched to the network when they pitched the show, the show never would have aired. Or at least so I feel.<br /><br />I have no reason to want to watch the whole series again when I know the ending is so......unending.<br /><br />Enough said. If you liked the final episode then we disagree.
B0036EH3XE|1.0|With the completely unsatisfying ending, this show comes to a disappointing whimper of an end. I am still in shock as to how bad it was. Right up to the end of season 5 it seemed that the story was really heading somewhere. The creators decided to take an \\"artistic\\" turn with season 6. They promised answers but really never delivered anything. This potentially could be the worst series finale in television history. They may have answered what the sideways world was (sort of) but a large part of what the show was about was NOT answered. It is nothing more than the creators and the network walking away from it all because they never had any answers themselves. It is a total cop out that they conveniently said, \\"Oh, figure it out for yourself.\\"<br /><br />Lost fanatics can try to defend this all day but the bottom line is they never really answered most of the questions they posed in the first five seasons.<br /><br />The part I am the most shocked over is how many Lost fans are not even slightly disappointed at not being told anything concrete about what the goal of the Dharma Initiative was, what was Eloise Hawking's work, who built the temple and what was its purpose, who created the hieroglyphics, what happened to Penny and little Charlie, why did the others have such super-human powers, what happened to the children, etc. After six years of following this show so closely, paying close attention to names and places, reading everything about the mysteries of the island I could find, I am monumentally disappointed that there was not even a crumb of information given about these things. For God's sake, at least tell us the Man In Black's name!<br /><br />I am glad so many people found the finale fulfilling but I and many others did not and feel very cheated. This does not mean we don't have the same mental capacity as those who loved it as has been stated many times today in multiple blogs. The bar was set high for this show and choosing to gloss over a great amount of details and being told that \\"it wasn't important\\" is insulting.that \\"it wasn't important\\" is insulting.
B003AYBD7W|4.0|If you are looking for a re-master of this Styx album that sounds radically  different from the original A&M CD release or the A&M vinyl release, you won't find it here.  What you will find is a very good re-master of this Classic Styx album.  The engineer that re-mastered this recording did a good job of pulling out some of the detail that was not present in A&M's original CD release.  The engineer has not messed with the original mix to any major degree.  So, the average listener may not hear or feel any difference to other releases of this recording.  In my opinion, the original recording and mastering of this album was not the greatest and at times has left me disappointed. It would be interesting to see if an engineer could make this recording sound better then it's original release.   Audio Fidelity's goal with this release was to bring out the missing detail from the previous releases while not affecting the feel of the original recording and they have done a very good job with this one.  The other thing that impressed me here was that they have included the original liner notes and design including a \\"mini\\" version of the poster that was included in the original vinyl release.  This was sadly not done with any of A&M's original CD releases of Styx's catalog previous to 1984.  If your looking for a release of this album that gives you more of the detail of the original recording without \\"coloring\\" the original sound, then this is the CD for you.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|James Cameron outdid himself with this movie, Great job on the video and storyline as well.   You become immersed in the story and cannot help but feel for their plight  and then you think of the plight of the early American Indian   fitting it seems..    Well worth the wait, well worth the purchase!  One that I'm sure you'll want to watch again and again..
B00129H7VS|5.0|I purchased this Blu-Ray set after watching the original HBO series for the second time. If you are familiar at all with the events surrounding the 101st Airborne's \\"Easy Company\\" and what they endured during WWII this is the seminal series to watch. Even coming from the liberal minds of Spielberg and Hanks they do \\"Easy\\" a great service. Very well done and superbly crafted.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Great movie but took forever to receive. I was very disapointed in the vender who shipped it and will probably not purchase thru Amazon again.
1400031001|5.0|a beautifully written book by a highl,y accomplished and engrossing author.    i would recommend this work to anyone who enjoys fine writing and has an inclination towards modern history and travel.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This is, undoubtedly, the best movie of all time.  Cameron is known for and does all of the \\"out of this world\\" special effects and that's what sold this movie.  I now own this, purchased from Amazon, of course,and will watch it time and again, plus offer it to anyone who comes to visit.  Now, I've heard that the plot ain't so hot, it's boring, it's been done, etc. Well, for all of that, I thought it was well done.  I saw it first in a regular theater. Then my husband and I went to go see it in 3D, at an IMAX.  Now, that's how you should see this movie.  In 3D it looks like some of the characters are in the theater with you.  In fact, when those bitty bugs were flying around, I actually slapped at them.  My husband and I laughed (quietly of course) and so did some of the people around us who noticed.  Just get the movie and play it on BluRay (or 3D if you are so fortunate).  It's a great movie and I hope the ending is a setup for a sequel.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|We saw the movie in 3-D/IMAX which was fabulous. The DVD may not be that dynamic, but we really enjoyed the whole experience of seeing it again, and again, and again. So glad we have a large flat-screen and surround sound to enhance the home-viewing experience. I especially like getting the Blu-Ray disk as well; while we have not yet made that technology leap, it's nice to have that option built into this purchase, just in case we do!
1428144552|5.0|I bought this item and had some technical difficulty.  The seller walked me through and was as pleasant as a warmer summer day!  I could not be any happier with my audiobook and experience!!  Buy from this seller...they rock!!
0061730327|5.0|The book tells William Kamkwamba's inspiring story of living in rural Malawi. Young William, with odds strongly stacked against him, decided to build a windmill in order to improve his family's standard of living. At times while reading the book, I had teary eyes. In the end, I was all smile.<br /><br />We can use the way William went about building his contraption as a metaphor for how to go about doing good work on this planet. Yes, doing good work and getting to success is hard but consider William's odds of succeeding with his project and compare them with yours. No contest.<br /><br />\\"If you want to make it, all you have to do is try,\\" wrote William.<br /><br />A must read.
B000002GKT|5.0|I was at this show at the Filmore. They were the Opening Act for Lee Michaels who was very popular at that time with a loyal following. They Blew the House off the Fillmore. Hearing \\"I don\\"t need no Doctor\\" still gives me chills. Just remember, Play it LOUD
B002QW7AJY|4.0|I caught this on cable and thought I'd watch a few minutes and then try and find something else.  That never happened, I was on the edge of my seat for most of the movie.  This film came as a complete surprise, and a good one at that.  I'd never heard of this movie, and having grown tired of cheesy science fiction wanna be films that are mostly rip offs that fall short of being entertaining, was expecting this movie to be more of same.  it wasn't.<br /><br />This film straddled a couple of film genres quite well, bringing something new to the table and had enough twists in the plot to keep the viewer guessing, and it even fooled me in the end.  The story holds up well, and isn't filled with holes like so much of what you see today.<br /><br />Well done.
0805091742|4.0|This is Dr. Atul Gawande's next book in his quest for improving the quality and safety of healthcare. But this time he writes about the seemingly simplistic and common 'Checklist' which plays such a stellar role in improving safety in complex domains as the aviation industry and the construction industry which builds massive skyscrapers. He shows how the same principle of a checklist can be used effectively in surgical procedures in hospitals.<br />Dr.Gawande starts with the contention that the volume and complexity of knowledge today has become so large that it exceeds our ability to apply it consistently,correctly and safely by just depending on our memory or instincts or gut feeling alone. This is a problem that affects all domains where complex issues are to be solved, be it Aviation or building construction, medical care, finance etc. He says:<br /><br />Problems are classified as simple, complicated and complex. Simple problems are like making a cake from a recipe where if you follow the recipe there is a high likelihood of success. Complicated ones are like sending a rocket to the moon where the problem is broken down into a series of simple problems to solve but there is no straightforward recipe for success. Complex problems are like raising a child where the success in one such endeavor is not a recipe for success with the next similar endeavor. He says that the question of when to follow one's judgement and when to follow protocol is central to doing the job well. A checklist can avert failure when a problem combines everything from the simple to the complex.<br />Dr.Gawande shows how the airline industry and the building industry have successfully reduced their complex tasks down to important sequential steps to be followed and how they have captured them in small, manageable checklists for the actual practitioners. He shows how it has helped in delivering safety in their work and feels that it has been difficult to make surgeons use this principle because there is an inherent resistance to the checklist. It is seen as a 'lowly concept' to be used only by practitioners of less complex professions than themselves. Doctors feel that individual autonomy is more important and that it would be compromised if something 'silly' as a checklist is to be introduced in their practice, taking away this autonomy. But Dr.Gawande argues that professionalism in any field involves four elements - selflessness, skill, trustworthiness and discipline. The medical profession has the first three but is resistant to the fourth.<br />In a world in which success now requires large enterprises, teams of clinicians, high-risk technologies and knowledge that outstrips any one person's abilities, individual autonomy hardly seems the ideal we should aim for. Instead we must opt for more discipline. That is where the checklist comes in.<br />Dr. Gawande gives many successful examples from real life to bolster his thesis and he himself has applied it in his work. The anecdotes are absorbing to read and provide substantial insight into the complexity of building a skyscraper or dealing with an accident in flight. The book is an easy read. His discussion of how they saved a drowned victim in Austria who had spent 30 mts under water and how the US airways flight was saved in 2009 by the pilot landing in the Hudson river are very interesting examples. Some might find that the author's thesis could be made in a short essay rather than a book as he himself showed in an essay on the same subject in the 'New Yorker'. Still, the book is also reasonably small and the time spent reading it is worthwhile.nherent resistance to the checklist. It is seen as a 'lowly concept' to be used only by practitioners of less complex professions than themselves. Doctors feel that individual autonomy is more important and that it would be compromised if something 'silly' as a checklist is to be introduced in their practice, taking away this autonomy. But Dr.Gawande argues that professionalism in any field involves four elements - selflessness, skill, trustworthiness and discipline. The medical profession has the first three but is resistant to the fourth.  In a world in which success now requires large enterprises, teams of clinicians, high-risk technologies and knowledge that outstrips any one person's abilities, individual autonomy hardly seems the ideal we should aim for. Instead we must opt for more discipline. That is where the checklist comes in.  Dr. Gawande gives many successful examples from real life to bolster his thesis and he himself has applied it in his work. The anecdotes are absorbing to read and provide substantial insight into the complexity of building a skyscraper or dealing with an accident in flight. The book is an easy read. His discussion of how they saved a drowned victim in Austria who had spent 30 mts under water and how the US airways flight was saved in 2009 by the pilot landing in the Hudson river are very interesting examples. Some might find that the author's thesis could be made in a short essay rather than a book as he himself showed in an essay on the same subject in the 'New Yorker'. Still, the book is also reasonably small and the time spent reading it is worthwhile.
0393072231|2.0|Michael Lewis is a wonderful writer with deep credibility in finance, as well as being an engaging broadcast interview subject. It's a shame that he and his publisher dismiss the needs of readers by not including an index. Lewis is great at skewering short-term thinking in his fine books, he provides an excellent example of that thinking on his own by neglecting to have an index to his book. Teachers are unlikely to adopt a book which hampers student ability to look up specific information. Future writers are unlikely to cite the book because of the difficulty in finding passages relevant to their new work.
0307454541|2.0|I didn't care for this book.  The story moved too slowly and was predictable.  I would not recommend it to a friend.
B000KJU182|5.0|Peter Ustinov does a superb job in his writing, directing, acting, and producing this classic sea drama which deals with the issue of law versus justice on a ship whose men are pitted against one another because of the underhanded cruelty and the unscrupulous actions of the crew captain, played by Robert Ryan.<br /><br />I would rate BILLY BUDD equal to the 1935 production of MUTINY ON THE BOUNTY, starring Clark Gable and Charles Laughton.  Yet, BILL BUDD delves deeper into the tension between a sea captain's obligation to effect law on the high seas, and his human and moral responsibility to ensure that 'justice' is aptly served to restore order, and instill a collective harmony and trust among his men when problems erupt on board.<br /><br />Terrance Stamp is especially poignant in his debut performance as the amiable, innocent young seaman, Billy Budd.<br /><br />This film is a must for your collection of 'message' films, which deals with moral ethics.
0307454541|5.0|I read some of the reviews -good and bad. Although there's some truth in what these reviewers felt; I found it to be an easy read. I finished it in a few hours, and thought it to be quite relaxing.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I had seen some episodes of this on the Discovery channel but in low def. I just got a 1080 tv and blu-ray and the difference is remarkable.  The color and clarity are so much better than the first time I saw it, just wonderful. Highly reccomended
B000031EGV|5.0|If you don't have this get it right now... I'll wait ...then we can talk about it.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|After seeing \\"Avatar\\" twice in the theater in 3-D (not enough times, by the way), I was quivering with the anticipation of seeing it again & pre-ordered this 2-disc set. I should have known that, being offered as a \\"2-disc set\\" at such a low price, it would not be quite what I'd hoped for. Of course, in Blu-ray, the clarity is brilliant, and the dazzling effects of the film do not disappoint. It is one of those films that offers something new each time it is viewed; when one can finally tear one's eyes off the principles in a scene, the smaller, exquisite details can be appreciated anew each time. My only disappointment was the lack of those \\"speacial features\\" that cinemaphiles love, as in HBO's \\"First Look\\" features. I know that there will be another release, with multiple discs full of special effects, profiles, & other treats. I will buy that one as well, but for now I enjoy my blu-ray movie presentation a little more with each viewing. Recommend it? Yes, I do, if you are, like me, unable or unwilling to wait for the \\"special\\" release.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I LOVE this workout. It is pretty difficult, especially for beginning exercisers...but I can TOTALLY tell the difference. After just 8 days of working out with level one I had lost 4 1/2 inches!! I do a mix between the modified versions and regular (some things I don't have to modify), and this really kicks my butt into gear. Definitely a DVD I am going to keep around for awhile, I'm on day 11 of 30...I'll update when I'm completely done :)
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I honestly don't understand all of the negative comments against this season and its finale; calling it a cop-out and a failure is honestly an insult to anybody who watched the show and those who ever will. This show could not have ended any better, as a fan who watched the show ever since the first episode, I was very much satisfied with the ending. From the VERY beginning of the show, the writers said they would not tell us what the island was and would not explain EVERY ONE of the strange things happen on it; and yet, that seems to be the only thing everybody on here cares about. Contrary to popular belief, MANY mysteries were solved throughout this season (from the \\"whispers\\" to the meaning behind \\"the numbers\\", just to name a few). I'm not exactly sure what people wanted to get out of the ending of this show, it ended the best possible way, seriously. Do you want everything spelled out for you completely?? George Lucas tried to \\"explain things\\" completely with the Star Wars prequels, and you know how those turned out (midichlorians?)...    The end of this show was truly, for a lack of a better word, beautiful. Complete character resolution and, for me personally, complete satisfaction. In the end, I'm glad that every single mystery wasn't answered, that's what made us love the show so much in the first place, it wouldn't be the same show if there were no mysteries left.     The end of the finale is also kind of hard to figure out at first and I wasn't too sure what it was all about, but when I did understood it, it was amazing. For those who didn't \\"get\\" it, PLEASE watch it again. Listen to Christian talk to Jack in the church. Bottom line: WHEN THEY CRASHED THEY ALL SURVIVED AND THE ISLAND IS NOT PURGATORY. FACT.
B003K02EV0|5.0|I cannot wait to buy this film so that I can share it with friends and families. It was one of the better movies I've seen in a long time.  Thank you Bollywood for efforts made to produce such a meaningful film.
B001P9KR8U|3.0|After all this time, I finally decided to rent Slumdog Millionaire to see what the hype was all about.  It got such rave reviews and awards at the Oscars I figured this had to be a fabulous film by far.  To my surprise the film was rather violent and showed abuse and exploitation of children.  I guess this was a touch of realism of the happenings in poor villages.  Anyhow, the story is a bit depressinig and sad, however, the only uplifting part is Jamal's undying love for Letita whom he knew briefly as a little boy, got separated from, and despreately sought to find throughout the rest of the movie.  The story has many holes in it and leaves you wondering what happened here and there.  I thought the flashbacks to how Jamal came to know the answers to some of the questions on the game show was a pretty creative idea.  I never understood why they thought he was cheating or how they could legally get away with torturing him for such an accusation.  The most a game show would do if you cheated is to take back the winnings!!  Not shock you with electrical currents and hang you from a wall!!  That part made no sense.  He was sitting in the hosts face the whole time...how could he cheat??  I just wish the love story was built up more since a good portion of the film showed Jamal searching for this girl.  Also, I wish they would have shown what he did once he won all that money.  Again, the film was good but I don't see what the massive hype was about.  I've seen better films that got torn down by the Oscars.  I have no idea what their criteria is!
B002UNMW7O|5.0|Not as good as the first but still very good.  The music in the movie is really what killed it.  They were total off beat in every scene someone should have gotten fired.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Although I saw this in 3D at the theater, this version was still excellent. I only wish they included extras on the 2nd disk.
B003BKF696|4.0|One gets a different perspective on things when you move somewhere else. You start seeing your old world through different eyes, while at the same time viewing your new surrounding through the eyes of an outsider. If you want to remain an observer, always try to remain in this state. It's the state from which Matt Berninger views his New York surroundings.    \\"High Violet\\" is very much an observation of New York and it's people who struggle with universal themes like love, sorrow, faith, fear etc. Songs that are inhabited by drug addicted parents and soldiers. It's about the moodier, more melancholy side of humankind. Is it dark? If anything it's realistic.    Musically The National has not changed too much. Still that unique dark yet warming sound and Berninger's soothing baritone. As always the drums drive the songs and add some of the melodies. A difference might be that the sound is slightly less polished as in the, for National standards, scruffy opener `Terrible Love' but if you loved their sound before, you will still love it now.     While not reaching the artistic heights of \\"Alligator\\" and \\"Boxer\\", this album is their \\"Only By The Night\\".  With it they will easily remain at the top of the indie-ladder and reach even more fans.
0061900656|5.0|This book was well written, with a cute story line for a toddler.    It was easy for our 2 1/2 year old son to follow and the level of the story was easy for him to understand.
B00005K3OT|1.0|I am just now seeing this movie for the first time in 2010 (lol).  However, it is classified as a \\"romance\\" film so I decided to check it out.  This is far from a romantic storyline.  I was hoping to see more of Johnny Depp in the film but he had a passing character that showed up mid-film, had a brief encounter with the main character, then disappears again until the end of the film.  The whole storyline is dull and pointless.  The main character opens a chocolate shop and the town is against it and the mayor goes through everything to sabatoge her store.  For what?  It's just a chocolate store not a strip club.  Who would go through all of that to close down a shop that sells candy?  I just found the story to be ridiculous.  The acting was excellent, the set, costumes and classic French town were beautiful but the movie left much to the imagination.  I was highly disappointed!
B000OLGCI4|5.0|If you don't have this get it right now... I'll wait ...then we can talk about it.
B0019OLMQM|5.0|I purchased this cool DVD of the Passion of the Christ from Peru. I got on time! The quality of the product is really good! I recommend you to buy here!
0307266303|5.0|This would be a great read for any non-runner (in fact I have recommended it as such to many) due to its fascinating story line and adventure.    This is actually a must read for any runner or potential runner because of the myths it shatters regarding so many aspects of running....shoes, technique, mind space (running 'gently' becomes a goal that I am striving to learn), diet, etc.    I have to say that this book has been an agent of change for me on many levels.  Read it and then read it again!
0393072231|5.0|In college, I took a biology course that explained body systems not by how they work when healthy, but how they fail to work when corrupted by disease. It's the one science course I really enjoyed! I thought of that course when reading [[ASIN:0393072231 The Big Short]]. Michael Lewis examines a corrupt system through the lens of people who knew it was corrupt and decided to make a healthy killing off of it.<br /><br />Mr. Lewis's book is a fascinating look at the subprime mortgage crisis written with the narrative drive he has been famous for since [[ASIN:039333869X Liar's Poker]]. Although I had a cursory knowledge of the crisis from reading the financial press, I didn't really understand the depth of the financial system's hard-hearted manipulation of an unsuspecting home-hungry public until reading this book.<br /><br />The quirky investors Mr. Lewis profiles figure out how to profit from these subprime mortgages once they realize what a giant Ponzi scheme the whole enterprise is and that it will eventually fail. They wandered the financial landscape looking for someone to tell them where they were wrong, and when they couldn't come up with anyone, they made huge bets (via credit default swaps) on the failure of the American financial system. In the end, they pocketed $80 billion.<br /><br />After finishing the book, you can't decide who the scummiest villians really are in this debacle. Banks, investment firms, insurers, bond traders, rating agencies, hedge funds, investors -- they're all equally slimy. In a way, I dislike reading this kind of book because in the end you're left angry and disillusioned.<br /><br />I like the way Mr. Lewis deals with almost incomprehensible financial concepts. You won't understand it all -- after all, Mr. Lewis clearly shows that no one understood it, which was the point, really -- but throughout the book he repeats basic word pictures to set necessary concepts in your mind, such as \\"tranches\\" of a mortgage bond being like a multi-story building, each floor carrying a different amount of risk.<br /><br />He also uses colorful similes to get his point across. Of the Wall Street pecking order, he says \\"Goldman Sachs was the big kid who ran the games in this neighborhood. Merrill Lynch was the little fat kid assigned the least pleasant roles, just happy to be a part of things.\\" You'll enjoy it all, even though you understand only a fraction of it.<br /><br />All in all, I'm happy to read anything Mr. Lewis writes. It doesn't even have to be in the financial realm -- [[ASIN:039333838X The Blind Side]] and [[ASIN:0393338096 Home Game]] were great reads, too. I just hope he doesn't get to write yet another book about how the powerless public is done over by ingenious financial criminals.i-story building, each floor carrying a different amount of risk.<br /><br />He also uses colorful similes to get his point across. Of the Wall Street pecking order, he says \\"Goldman Sachs was the big kid who ran the games in this neighborhood. Merrill Lynch was the little fat kid assigned the least pleasant roles, just happy to be a part of things.\\" You'll enjoy it all, even though you understand only a fraction of it.<br /><br />All in all, I'm happy to read anything Mr. Lewis writes. It doesn't even have to be in the financial realm -- [[ASIN:039333838X The Blind Side]] and [[ASIN:0393338096 Home Game]] were great reads, too. I just hope he doesn't get to write yet another book about how the powerless public is done over by ingenious financial criminals.
B00192IV0O|5.0|If you don't have this get it right now... I'll wait ...then we can talk about it.
B001QWBM62|5.0|I've been using the Zoom H4N to record separate audio tracks for my Canon 7D primarily due to the auto gain control on the 7D.  When compared to the onboard audio the difference is amazing.  This picks up much more detail, separates the stereo channels much better than the onboard mic.  The H4N allows me to monitor recording levels, move the mic away from the camera to eliminate sound from the focusing and lens stabilization and I can add a wind screeen to virtually elimiate wind noise.  Sound quality is great, plenty of options for adding 4 channel sound with XLR / 1/4\\" combo jack. This means you can have directional mics for voice and still use stereo mics for ambient and mix and monitor them in the H4N too to reduce the amount of work in post.  Line out makes it easy to use as external mic for the 7D too, especially with sturdy tripod mount.
B002N8A14M|5.0|After reading the reviews I had expectations for this Ipod holder. Well, I wasn't disappointed. I protects the Ipod very well (even after a few miles on the treadmill)
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Totally enjoyed this movie and can't wait to show it to my friends that did not see it.
B0017ZB8M6|5.0|If you don't have this get it right now... I'll wait ...then we can talk about it.
1423101472|5.0|Great book to end the series. Rick Riordan really knows how to tell Greek Mythology. He also has a fabulous sense of Humor.
B000068TP0|5.0|At first glance, some music fans may (incorrectly) lump Shakira into the same category as Britney Spears or Christina Aquilara or other pop divas.  BIG mistake.  Before I ordered this DVD I had heard some songs from Laundry Service and found her voice great, unique, engaging...etc.  This DVD has Shakira unplugged - with a big shout out to her band, percussionist and backup singers.  Greece had its sirens singing their songs.  Columbia has Shakira.  She can combine pop, rock, Columbian/Latin styles with a pinch of Middle Eastern for a great mix /sound. I dont speak Spanish.  All the songs are in Spanish.  It doesnt matter.  If you want to hear a great voice wrapped in latin / world music sounds buy this DVD.  Then purchase the next DVD - Shakira Live Off The Record (which is even better).  I dont care if you are a jazz purist who holds all other types of music in complete contempt.  If you want a great vocalist with a great band and unique sound - BUY SHAKIRA!!
B000035P5E|5.0|This is a very good movie,very close,in keeping with the book. Donald Sutherland gives a very good performance.
0312857063|5.0|If you don't have this you need to get it right now... I'll wait...then we can really talk about it. Terry Goodkind makes the best books they keep you coming back for more.  If you have seen the show about these books then you really need to read this.  The show is not even close to the book.
0307593525|5.0|First, forgetting the recipes, this is just great fun to read and to get an understanding<br />of food. Given that I'm not a cook and never have been - I've been able to put some<br />excellent dinners together. There is so much basic understanding that I did not have<br />about food, and knowing now that the distance between bland and amazing, is closer than<br />I could have imagined.<br />The hardcover, the paper and the slipcase are really nice features too.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|This is a great album!  Totally unexpected by me beause I just found out about it a week before it came out.  I started checking out a few of the songs that they had on Youtube.  I was highly impressed with \\"As we Enter\\" and \\"Road To Zion\\" which isn't on the album and I'm not sure how I missed this song.  I bought this Day one from Taget.  It comes in a nice stock paper CD holder that includes a booklet with all of the lyrics and a poster of Nas and Damien Marley at the Studio.    The Production is Great!  It has a great mix of Hip-Hop, African Drums and Reggae/African sounds.  The album isn't over powered by any one of these sounds.    The Artist are great!  This album proves to me why Nas is in my top 5 list.  He has a soft spoken delivery but a powerful message.  He's also a great lyracist.  This is my first Damian Marley CD.  Now I want to go get \\"Welcome To Jamrock\\".  Being a Ziggy Marley fan I was only expecting great things from Damian.  He delivered more than great things though.  I love this guy's message with Spiritual overtones.  Makes me question myself why I'm not going to church.  He has a great delivery and doesn't tone down the Jamaican accent one bit!  Together their styles mesh perfectly.    The Message is Great! This album talks about the harsh realities and gives us a front row seat into the minds of Nas and Damian Marley on topics like Genocide, Religion, government and how we all need to make this world a better place.    The Songs are all Great!  You won't find the accustomed filler we see in many albums today.  The songs flow seamlessly together and the arrangement is perfect.    The Break Down and why I like each song:    1. As we Enter - A great intro Song that has Nas and Damian going back and forth on a beat with a nice bass line, people saying \\"Go Go Go\\", sounds like an Organ and other sounds.  This is the song you bump in the ride. 5/5      2. Tribes at War - Has a nice sounding choir of what I imagine in my head to be an African Tribeagainst drums.  Nas begins with a story of our History.  Where we were and where we are.  We are at a point were Gangs fight each other but shouldn't we be fighting together?  This song has K'naan whom I've never heard of.  He sounds good and stays on message. The song ends with Damians verse.  He sounds exquisite on this song. His verse puts a smile on my face especially the way he comes into the verse.  5/5    3.  Strong will continue - Starts with Nas talking about staying focused and going forward while being pulled down and up.  The Chorus is great and Damien does great ont he Chorus.  This is a pick me up song in that it has a message of  keeping on even under the pressures.  This song is just all around great.  At the end I think Nas shows his emotion and I say this because he touches on infidelity and he mentions his \\"Ex\\". 5/5    4.  Leaders - A shout out to the leaders and not just our government leaders. Nas tells a story of a successful person and how others listen to him and Watch what he does. He also talks about Malcom X and leaders liek him that were taken from us.  I like how Damian switches up the sound in his verse sound. 5/5    5.  Friends - Is such a good song.  The production is spot on.  Damian and Nas Sound Great. Your real friends won't do you wrong are some of the truest words I've heard. 5/5    6.  Count your blessings - Count your blessings is a great message song.  Nas touches on the birth of his son as a blessing.  This is a good overall song.  The message has substance, the production is good and the artist delivery is great.  5/5    7. Dispear - Has another great African Chorus, Drums and Reggae beat to go with it.  I love the way the Damian and the Chorus women sing \\"Dispear\\".  Nas's verse in this song is sick! He compares the Masters and the Masses.  This is exactly how I feel. It's like Nas reached into my head and put the words to pen and paper.  The Masters will try to force us Masses to fight each other, confuse us and sell us things like gun and processed food to put us in a pine box quicker.  \\"Who are the masters? They are Gangsters, They are the Bankers, The ones who Tax us.\\"  Just typing this review and looking at the lyrics versus what I hear I realize that Damian is talking about a Spear and Dispear.  Very Clever Usuage!  The Spear, in the song accompanied by a Spear throwing sound, has been used by many leaders and warriors.  Throughout history in the non literal sense it has slain many!  Dispear causes fear, desperation and depression.  He says they can't Tarry you and I'm thinking he means that Dispear won't allow you to wait before you do something.  Great song all around.  5/5         8. Land of Promise -  Great song.  Highlight is definitely Damians verse here.  It's Sick!  He talks about places in Africa being like places in America.  The way he does this though is nice.  Nas sounds good here too. 5/5    9. In his Own Words - Did I say I was going to buy \\"Welcome To Jamrock\\"?  I'd hate to keep tooting Damians horn but he is Perfect on this Album.  This is one of Nas's best Songs also. Great Song! 5/5    10. Nah Mean - I love this song \\"Nah mean\\"? Good beat and great verses by both. 5/5    11. Patience - This samples Sabali.  I didn't know what that was so I checked it out on Youtube. These are the lyrics in English:  \\"We came to have fun with music  The world is a place of amusement  We have a good time doing that.  Audience!  Patience! Patience is worth everything!  Patience! Patience is good.  If you love someone, patience is worth everything  If you love a man, patience is worth everything  If you love a woman, patience is worth everything  Patience, patience, patience is good.\\"  -Youtube Poster ImhotepHoll      I think this song is good.  It's one that will get stuck in my head and I will randomly want to hear it for years. IMO the Lyrics make this song.  Nothing special production wise but the subject matter and how they express it is what makes this song. 4/5    12. My Generation - Lil Wayne? No!  Well that's how I went into this song but he suprised me.  He stayed on subject and sounded good for Lil Wayne. :)  The only thing is ,\\"This Generation, I'm a represent, A generation led by a Black President, Now how's that for change? Who knew that could change? I don't even look at the flag the same.\\"  Not to go politcal but Obama is just like the people who have already been in office and were part of this elitest system.  He's no different and we should look at the flag/President the same.   Joss Stones sounds great and was a suprise addition to the CD.  She has some soul in her and her voice sound raw in the best sense of the word. 5/5    13. Africa Must Wake up - Now this is how you close an Album.  It kind of sounds like a closing of a live show.  The way Damian say, \\"We can Work it out,\\"  is real cool.  The song is upbuilding and also speaks on the African Past as Kings and Queens, Nas shines on this song and calls us Distant Relatives.  K'naan is back and I'm not sure which language he is speaking but it sounds good nonetheless. The message is good when you look at the translation.  5/5     BUY this CD!  Don't Download it! Don't Copy it! Buy it or See a Live Show so that the Money Goes to Nas and Damian!
B002UPQ246|5.0|They just don't make them like this anymore.  They must have lost the recipe.  You've heard The Dock of the Bay, but have you heard The Glory of Love?
B00177Y9ZC|5.0|If you don't have this get it right now... I'll wait ...then we can talk about it.
B00364K6YW|5.0|This is the only version of Pride and Prejudice that remains true to the book. If you haven't read the book, you might like other productions. But if, like me, you have the book practically memorized, and are convinced that it can't be filmed, try this one.     The restoration is fine - perhaps not worth buying it again if you already have the earlier DVD.
0385341008|4.0|A book constructed almost entirely of letters and telegrams, its fun structure made it a very quick read. I think that the last epistolary book I read was in junior high and I had forgotten just how charming this format can be. I liked all the characters, and while the plot was predictable, it was filled with a lot of life and spirit of the characters which kept me turning the pages. I had never heard anything about the Occupation of the Channel Islands (to be perfectly honest, I did not even know that there were islands in the Channel at all). It was a very straightforward and enjoyable book and I am glad that it lived up to its good reputation!
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|What a terrific series this was. I was in awe of Mr. Spielberg and Mr. Hanks for bringing this part of WW II alive and into our consciousness. With wars raging in Iraq and Afghanistan as we approach Memorial Day, this series brought into focus our men and women in the military. Not only now and in WW II but in all the wars ever faught by Americans since this country was founded. But the focus of course was on our Marines in this theater of operations, The Pacific. the Marines faced a most ferocious enemy more so than the German juggernaut in Europe. The Japanese were ruthless and died without the indignity of surrender. Their hate for Americans and their code of never surrender made the battles for these Islands hell on Earth. The conditions that existed took many souls just from  disease alone. Its amazing that we prevailed! But then again the Japanese faced the US Marine Corp!! While the battles were a grim reminder of what these men endured I thought this would also be a good opportunity for the kids of today to understand the sacrifices that their grandpas made once upon a time, in both theaters of operation. It is also an educational opportunity as well. But above all it pays tribute to the best fighting force the world has ever seen and will see, the United States Marine Corp!  Semper Fi!! I highly recommend buying this series, you wont be disappointed.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|If you don't have this get it right now... I'll wait ...then we can talk about it. Come on its Lady Gaga what more do I have to say.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|I am a relatively new comer to Supernaturaul, the TV program. Being chronically ill and house-bound, I found daytime TV shallow, not entertaining, and tedious. But I happened upon this program about 2 brothers who roam the country, ridding the land of evil--whether it be demons, shape-shifters or whatever--,they see it as their job to rid the earth of these evils. Being a huge Buffy fan (and missing her terribly) this truly fit the bill of what I had been missing for the last several years: two regular guys, just wanting to do good, and taking on all sorts of evil--and WINNING! Yes! The good guys won!     So I quickly became addicted to the daily reruns shown, but soon found I was missing a lot of \\"in\\" jokes. So I logged onto Amazon (my favorite store ever) and found past seasons were for sale. Here, for a small amount of money, I could get all the past seasons, be able be watch loads of episodes, and not have to miss out on those \\"in\\" jokes anymore!    The Complete Fourth Season is great. Its packaging is much improved, allowing easy removal and return of the discs without the hassle of overlapping discs.The cinematography seems to be more clear on this, along with the lighting. If you like this show and want to see it at its best, I recommend buying the Complete Fourth Season on DVD; you won't be sorry.
B001C46P2K|3.0|I enjoyed the movie, however, I had the feeling that is was unfinished and to many gaps in the story.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|James Cameron's Avatar is an excellent movie.  Avatar is at the pinnacle of modern movie making technology.  The Blu-ray version is unforgiving, even the slightest flaw in makeup or CGI is apparent.  The Blu-ray version is fantastic, the colors, sharpness, and speed of the action all are perfect.  The movie itself, the story line, screen play, actors, director, the plot and moral of the story all coalesce into a movie you can watch over and over continuing to enjoy.  It's another story about how one thinks they are fighting on the right side only to find out that they're wrong.  Big business and military against the more simple, less sophisticated \\"live off the land people\\" ,\\"tree huggers\\" who just want to celebrate life as long as they're on it.  Therefore, the might side isn't always the right side.  The side you're born to maybe the bad guys.  And, sometimes you have to change alliances to be true to yourself and do what's right.
B000P6YNSE|5.0|If you don't have this get it right now... I'll wait ...then we can talk about it.
1423121708|4.0|This book feels like falling in love with the Harry Potter series all over again but slightly darker. Now we delve into Greek gods vs wizards. I read this book in three days! I love ancient history, and I love this story which picks up upon Greek and Roman mythology.  Right when I started reading, I couldn't stop for 100 pages! Its a fascinating plot which focuses on the half-human and neglected-by-their-godly-parent kids. Rarely does Greek mythology talk about these illegitimate children and their feelings about being demigods.<br /><br />Percy's thoughts processes were understandable and relatable. It was an excellent way to draw the reader in by having Percy narrate his tale with a little wit and cynicism thrown in. Percy's motivation is also a refreshing one as he's trying to save his mother from Hades. What other story will take you into a richly written Hell with a demigod boy who only seeks to rescue his mother? Melts this mother's heart!!!<br /><br />A drawback for me was the escape from Procrustes.  It was a little too simple (as if the author needed another chapter to fill quickly), but the rest of the adventures across America were exciting and well written. Every setting and god in this book were easy to picture with the rich details Riordan paints for us.<br /><br />I did figure out who the \\"friend betrayer\\" was half-way through the book, but the plot did offer some surprises as well which kept me reading. But because of its slight predictability and Procrustes scene, I have rated this 4/5 instead of 5/5.  Otherwise, I loved it.  Its funny how the ending is so similar to the first Harry Potter book, except Percy goes home for school and then leaves his home for summer camp (opposite of Harry). This book weaves in many Greek myths and characters. Its fun and exciting. I cannot wait to start book 2!  This special edition book with extra pictures was also great.  I loved how they helped to set the mood for a chapter.  My favorite was the illustration of Hades.  Loved the illustrations for this edition as well!  Its perfect for hard-core hardcover (versus paperback) book lovers like me!trations for this edition as well!  Its perfect for hard-core hardcover (versus paperback) book lovers like me!
B000FC1MOQ|5.0|it is a very realistic view of what a life of drugs and alcohol holds. freys writing style keeps you wanting more and captures your attention. i loved this book for it does not sugar coat anything. made me cry and laugh at the same time.
B000J3OTTQ|3.0|Step Up is a fair dance film about some kids that get their big performance break. The film is average in every way with little more for the viewer. A jock fights external prejudices to become a dancer with an accomplished partner and a teach who sees something special. The acting was fine, but the dialog and directing had little to add to overcoming a predictable story. None the less you still feel quite good about the outcome of the film. There were some dark scenes and some typical generalizations about dancers that went a little overboard. This is a class B+ film with moderate continuity errors and dialog mishaps. The scenery was good and the characters held true to life. It is worth the watch if you like that kind of film.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|If you don't have this get it...I'll wait...then we can talk about it. Full of chart stompers.
B000002L61|5.0|RIP Dio, your music will live on!<br /><br />Last in Line was the first rock album that I purchased as a kid with my own money.  Thanks to the Last in Line video on MTV I was an instant fan.  While often catigeorized as heavy metal, Ronnie's music wasn't just angry screaming, it was thoughful, melodic, interesting and I'll continue to listen to it as long as I can hear.  Last in line is a great record that I'd recommend to anyone interested in sampling his work.
B001FB55L2|4.0|You totally feel for the brother who had to risk his life in Afghanistan -- even when he is forced to commit an unspeakable crime to save his life.  You also feel for the brother who has just got out of jail and for the wife who is left behind to take care of small children.  And most of all you really feel for the daughter who feels neglected and less loved than her sister.      I loved the fact that I thought the wife was going to have an affair with her brother-in-law, but no such thing takes place.  Threw me for a loop.    This film was actually much better than I thought it would be.  Not something I would watch again and again, but a good expose of the post traumatic stress disorder that has impacted so many returning soldiers, and their families.
032147404X|5.0|I have read a few books on photography and while some of them have been pretty good, this book takes the prize.  It is a very simple book to read, but the lessons are very powerful.  I think I like it so much because it doesn't get bogged down in the details.  His approach of writing to you as if you are a friend out on a shoot with him is very helpful.  I think it is what makes it so simple in nature, its like he is saying hey use this setting for this shot.  And after the shot is taken he lets you know really quick why you did it that way.  Looking forward to reading Volume 2 and 3, plus really excited to puts these lessons to the test!
B00005NWM3|5.0|If you don't have this you need to get it right now... I'll wait...then we can really talk about it.
0425205061|5.0|I just started to read Lee Child's books and I am hooked.  Love his character Jack Reacher.  His stories are full of twists and turns with plenty of action.  I will continue to buy all of his books until I have read them all.  So far \\"Nothing To Lose\\" was my favorite.
B000F7CMQ8|5.0|Clark Gable has got to be the best actor ever! He has charm and believability throughout ALL of his movies.  Mogambo was full of intrigue and kept my interest from start to finish.  Ranks high in my classic library of DVD's.Worth the time to take out and watch!  Arrived in a timely manner and in great shape!
1423113381|1.0|basically, he knew he could make more money no matter what he released after percy jackson so he wrote this poorly developed story and published it despite its serious issues in quality    don't buy this book, if you're really curious, then borrow it from the library, but this book was so boring, and I only finished it because I kept thinking, \\"but rick riordan's a good author, percy jackson was good, maybe this will get better.\\"  I finished the book and thought, \\"what a waste of my life.\\"  I shouldn't have been holding my breath, it NEVER got better.  BORING 100% of the way.  he lost his witty humor that was in the percy jackson books and replaced it with cheesy, cookie cutter jokes any amateur could've written.  not once did I laugh when reading this.  he uses gimmicks like romance to try and gain reader interest, but his attempt at writing romance was such a stark failure, I was embarrassed for him.  honestly, the change in narration from sadie and carter would've been fine if he didn't keep have such a fake relationship between brother and sister--there was no authenticity, the banter between brother and sister was, again, gimmicky and stereotypical.  unlike percy jackson, there was a serious lack of suspense and feeling of danger, and when riordan did try to build up some mystery, it was so weakly developed that it failed to make me care about the ending.  I could've stopped reading the book at any point and not given a second thought, fine with not knowing the result in the end.    I thoroughly enjoyed watching riordan's writing develop from the first percy jackson book to the last.  after the last percy jackson book, I expected his sophomore series to to be at least at that level of writing.  NEVER did I think he would actually go backwards and write a book so utterly below his level of talent.  I suppose, since the red pyramid is selling so well, he will continue this series because of he money it will make simply because he's riding off his percy jackson success, but I honestly hope, he quits this series asap, digs deep, and starts a whole different series--one that he can actually be proud to publish and follow up percy jackson.
B00003CXGG|5.0|If you don't have this get it right now... I'll wait ...then we can talk about it.
B002BIULQ2|5.0|This is my favorite movie ever...when i am feeling down and sad i just pop it in the dvd player and it makes everything better! I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!
0634086782|5.0|I was surprised by this product. It delivers what it promises, and with very good didactical devices. The treatment of harmonic analysis is fantastic, from the ground up. The improvisional devices are up to the point. The best book on jazz theory I've read in recent years, a perfect companion to Levine's \\"Jazz Theory Book\\".
B001AIRUOU|4.0|I have mixed feelings about this movie.  The premise is wonderful, the character designs are spectacular, and the animation is beyond marvelous.  But it feels like some of the movie is missing.  It's almost as if the first 30 minutes of the movie was cut out.  The plot is rushed into before the characters have time to develop so there's no chemistry in Jack's romance, which looks like it was practically tossed in at the end.  Maybe if some of the songs were removed there could have been more room for development.  Or perhaps the film could have been made longer (something I almost NEVER recommend but would be okay with here).  The Danny Elfman soundtrack is terrific of course, but it's tough trying to develop character and plot through music alone, especially in a film that's only an hour and sixteen minutes.  I think the attempt to make this into somewhat of a musical was just too ambitious.  I wouldn't rank this as high up as Pee-Wee's Big Adventure or Big Fish where a lot more goes into the development of the protagonist.<br /><br />I still can't believe this movie came out way back in 1993.  Amazing.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I want to start off by saying I'm a longtime user of Polar watches - I've owned about 4 or 5. Yes, the design is cooler and can easily be worn as an everyday watch but it gets really old having to send in your product whenever something as small as a battery needs to be replaced. After the last time I had to send off my watch, I decided to look into an alternative and Garmin was where I looked first. I was specifically looking for a model that tracked my calories based on heart rate and also tracked my running speed/pace. I read so many reviews on the Garmin Forerunner 405CX and was a little leery about how complicated this watch seemed to be to operate. Nonetheless, I made the purchase last week and have used it 3 times now and I absolutely love it!     Here are some suggestions based on other reviews:    * Read the manual. There was one comment about how it takes a PhD to figure out this watch - I spent about 30 minutes setting up the watch and screens I want to be able to view on my runs and I was good to go.    * For issues with the bezel - the sensitivity settings can up adjusted: high, medium, low and you can lock the bezel so that the screens don't change.    Bottom line, this watch is amazing! It's cool to be able to upload your workouts and see such detail. Not a huge plus but I do like the fact that I don't have to wear a foot pod to track my running speed/pace outdoors. The Garmin Forerunner 405CX is pricier than what I paid for my Polar R300SX but the capabilities the Garmin Forerunner 405CX has just runs circles around the Polar!
B00008CMR6|5.0|Thanks so much for a great DVD. As always John Wayne delivers and satisified. Hope to buy more.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I had not seen this movie at the theatres but was anticipating it's release on DVD. I ordered the Blue-ray set from Amazon as soon as it became available and have been very happy with the purchase. The quality of the DVD's is excellent and the movie is thoroughly entertaining. This movie is visually stunning with very good special effects and a good story line.
B000000XBE|5.0|This is a great GOLD CD, and I do mean Gold!  I was a moderate fan of CCR in the 60s and 70s, but THIS is really the exception to all exceptions.  Being it was recorded on Gold, the sound is so clear you will be shocked and stunned.  It has every hit and more that CCR had.  Don't miss it!
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I have been a movie buff for all my life and in my opinion Avatar has to be one of the greatest movies ever made, especially in 3-D.  I went to see it three times when it was in the theater.  The story line is predictable but the special affects are Fantastic!!  The bond that the people have with the planet is kind of mystical, I felt like a kid discovering a special place.  I wanted to be on one of those birds soaring high in the sky.  I was very disappointed when it didn't get picture of the year at the Acadamy Awards. I couldn't wait for it to come out in DVD and was diappointed that it didn't come out in 3-D but I bought it anyway and was pleasantly surprised, the 3-D version is on my Christmas wish list.  It's definitely a must buy for your DVD collection!
0805047905|5.0|Our little ones loved the book so much that long before they could read they memorized it and would read it to us.
B00068C7WA|5.0|Great selection from his repertoire and my favorite CD when I drive. I love \\"Honesty\\" and most of his best CD does not have the song and that's why I chose this CD. I love it!
B000IZJZLM|5.0|This is excellent as are all their CDs.  I can't wait for the next release.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I cannot wait until my young children are old enough to watch the whole series with me so I can re-live the great time I had watching it over the last six years. This final season was satifying on many levels. If you like stories whose main themes are the importance of living in community, redemption, hope, destiny vs free will, and the triumph of the human spirit, you will appreciate the way Lost delves into them whole-heartedly. Some people felt the sci-fi/mythology elements were not dealt with logically enough, but I thought the story was quite coherent according to the rules it set for itself. For example, it was wrapped up much better than the Matrix trilogy or Battlestar Galactica. Lost is a compelling drama, with great writing, talented actors, gorgeous filmography and muscial score, and you are a better person for watching it.
B00000DCH9|5.0|If you can get past Billy Joel's creepy mug on the front cover, you will enjoy the tunes on this LP. My has his style changed since this time, and it's great that he is eclectic.  That said, You're My Home is about one of the most beautiful songs I have ever heard and I cannot imagine anyone else covering this.  Captain Jack is depressing, but you can't not listen to it.  Another good early one is Cold Spring Harbor. Again, he has a melancholy way about his tone and music, but there is something that draws the listener in.
0061964360|5.0|I absolutely love this book. It is easy to see why so many of today's love stories are based on Jane Austen's work. It is the perfect mix of humor and sincerity. I especially love this edition as it is easy to understand and the font is very readable. I would definitely recommend this edition to anyone.
1843793792|5.0|Georgette Heyer and Richard Armitage are a wonderful, romantic combination! Her rich characters and complicated dialog as interpreted by Richard Armitage are memorable and easy to follow. They make for an enjoyable 4 hrs.  The only thing I can ask for is MORE!
B003INBOEM|5.0|Amazing fight sequences. Truly one to keep on the shelf for the Martial Arts movie collector. Also, if you like this then also check out \\"Fist of Legend\\" starring Jet Li.
B00396DX56|5.0|First off,let me say that I am not biased as I love all of the work Asia has put out with all the past and current members. I still listen to the John Payne era line up and was disappointed to see it fade away. Well who in the progressive rock community would not love to see all four original members put out more great music? I have read the reviews and it seems that there are many who tag this as too melodic and not progressive enough for their particular tastes! Well it is 28 years since the first album by this supergroup and I gave Omega a couple of weeks to listen to it before writing a review. First off I hate the digipak format which is why I opted for this more expensive Japanese release which has a bonus track just like the American version on the Frontier label ( which I also recently purchased).<br /><br />To see these four musicians continue to put out great music is a a thrill for us middle age people who know that music should not be dictated by record companies for the sake of sales or just for a quick buck by an old group who has fallen short on cash. Neither of these applies to Asia. They have already proved,\\"Time and Time again\\",that they can write and still perform better in their sixties then any teenie group out there. They are all accomplished musicians and skilled writers who deserve praise,not criticism for their tireles efforts.<br /><br />And No this isn't as progressive as it used to be,they have changed with the times and progressed into a more melodic pop/prog rock group,but can still write a well thought out song. And if John Wetton wants to sing about God,then that is his perogative. This isn't cheesy contemporary christian rock.It is from his heart,that is the difference.<br /><br />Five stars for great upbeat music that still has great song structure and four guys who I admire for coming back and saving us from all of the hateful,negative music we have been fed for the last 15 years or so. Cheerio!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I had previously purchased this in standard DVD format and was amazed by it. One viewing of the Blu-Ray totally blew the standard version away. I was also happy to find it with the original narration by Sir David Attenborough. Amazing stuff!!!
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I know that its difficult to accept when something you love so much comes to an end but as we know all good things must end.  Some people don't want to let go so they may complain and criticize because the \\"end\\" doesn't meet their self created expectations.  But letting go is actually what I think the writers were trying to convey with the final episode.  Lost was a fantastically mythological show. To be left with unanswered questions is a part of the beauty and magic of Lost.  I don't know how else they could have ended it.  It was a beautiful and spiritually moving end to an amazing program that spanned 6 wonderful years. I'm pre-ordering my dvd today. And I know that when I watch it again and again I will find new meaning each time because that's just the way Lost is.
032147404X|5.0|These books are clearly written and don't waste time with a lot of complex theory. They simply tell you what equipment and techniques you need to take great photos. Excellent.
B003HARV3Y|2.0|I had not read the books and I am no fan of Harry Potter. I just watched it as it is and found it boring. The CG is so so, or even substandard. The fights with the multi head dragon, Medussa and the final fight are not exciting at all. The story is too simple without any twist and you can easily tell who the villain is in the very early part of the movie. I just found out from the first review that the original story sets the age of the little heroes at 12. For sure I had been tricked by the movie makers' misrepresentation. For grown ups, not recommended!
B0036EH3XE|1.0|When the series started with a literal and figurative bang, I told the wife that the series would end with everyone discovering that they had been killed in the plane crash. So I decided to tune out the series until the final episode. Can't say the sappy, lacrimose ending surprised. Most unimaginative finale since Seinfeld.
0061537969|5.0|I cried a few pages into it and again at the end, and a whole range of feelings in-between.  The author skillfully produced a great piece of literature that could evoke this range of emotions.  I loved Enzo, hated the Evil Twins and thoroughly enjoyed the story.  I am not a fan of racing but it did not take away from the story for me.  And the ending... well it was brilliant!  I look forward to reading more from this author.
B000026OW3|3.0|At about 20 bucks this is well worth having. Especially with Chopin you want to hear multiple versions of the music. Rubinstein has a great reputation in Chopin, but I must say I think it undeserved: he lacks imagination and has a heavy hand. The sound is pretty typical early 60s: a bit dry and boxy but not worryingly so.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|This is a beautifully rendered adaptation of the novel, \\"North and South\\" by Elizabeth Gaskell.  I had read the book first and had no idea it had been made into a BBC miniseries.  While looking for other books by Elizabeth Gaskell I stumbled across the DVD - I had to have it - now!    The DVD arrived in a couple of days and I watched it immediately.  I have since watched it several times and have become more and more enchanted with the story, the actors, etc.  The miniseries ends differently than the book, but I must say, the new ending enhances the story and is perhaps one of the most romantic moments on film.    Of course, all the leads are wonderfully acted - who could resist Richard Armitage as Mr. Thornton!    Buy the DVD and book and enjoy!
0743554434|5.0|I read this book for an extra credit assignment for my CSUF Family Violence class. Terrific book!
1439102813|3.0|OK. My fault because I bought on Kindle without reading the reviews but I thought all through the book that the characters were based on the life of a real family only told through the author's viewpoint.<br />It was a letdown to learn in the end that the book was fiction.<br />However, as someone who has seen two people close to me disappear to Alzheimer's it was a very moving book.
B001JNNDE2|5.0|This is a very funny movie that looks at the life of not so cool people, who happen to really cool after all.  Many quotable lines and memorable scenes.  Excellent acting and a \\"story about nothing\\" for those Seinfeld fans.  One of my top ten favorite movies ever.
1423101472|5.0|NO DISAPPOINTMENTS, THE SAGA CONTIUNES, IN THE BEST WAY.  KIDS GET THEIR GREEK MYTHOLOGY FIX WITHOUT EVEN GUESSING HOW MUCH THEY ARE LEARNING. PRICELESS.
0385340990|5.0|To both my delight and dismay, this book was a very quick read. It was one of those stories I just didn't want to end. I was so impressed by how the authors managed to successfully tread the delicate line of telling a story about hardship, yet maintaining an overall upbeat, even humorous, tone throughout the book.<br /><br />After WWII, London journalist Juliet Ashton begins exchanging letters with residents of Guernsey, Channel Islands. She learns of their individual experiences under the German Occupation of the Islands during the war. She discovers the collective story of a war-torn people who are just trying to get by, and who learn to once again appreciate the simple pleasures in life.<br /><br />This is a book about WWII that still possesses an optimistic quality, expressed through the vivacity of its characters. The eclectic cast of friends includes a pig farmer, an aristocratic lady, a fisherman, a servant to a Lord, and a farm girl, all struggling together during the Occupation, trying to find joy out of life during hard times. Although there are heartrending war stories scattered throughout the novel, the endearing nature of these very real characters immediately picks the story back up the moment it begins to take a melancholy turn. Juliet, our quick-witted protagonist, provides ample comic relief: I would often find myself snickering out loud over Juliet's constant flow of facetious comments and observations about the world around her. The book begs the question, \\"when is it okay to laugh again?\\" exploring the paradoxical struggle faced by survivors of tragedy...how to move on after one has experienced something as horrific as WWII upon your country's doorstep.<br /><br />The repartee among the characters is endlessly amusing, and I just loved the epistolary format. I enjoy novels that let you read from all different points of view; and in this book, it really allowed me to get a feel for each character's personality. I'm giving The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society a rating of 5/6 Wives of Henry VIII, the one issue I take with this book being its somewhat rushed conclusion. The entire book flowed so beautifully up until the ending, where it just seemed like the author was trying to wrap things up. It leaves you with a strong idea of where the story is going, but after getting to know the characters in such a lengthly, charming way, I would have preferred a more concrete, detailed ending. Perhaps an epilogue would have helped ease the unresolved sense I had after it was finished. All in all, a fantastic novel I highly recommend.a rating of 5/6 Wives of Henry VIII, the one issue I take with this book being its somewhat rushed conclusion. The entire book flowed so beautifully up until the ending, where it just seemed like the author was trying to wrap things up. It leaves you with a strong idea of where the story is going, but after getting to know the characters in such a lengthly, charming way, I would have preferred a more concrete, detailed ending. Perhaps an epilogue would have helped ease the unresolved sense I had after it was finished. All in all, a fantastic novel I highly recommend.
B000001FS6|5.0|U2 at their best. And U2 IS up there with the music gods the critics complained they were elevating themselves to.
1580176941|5.0|This book is perfect for any beginner cookie decorator. Great ideas and images- easy to use recipes and instructions. Detailed step by step how to's. Much better the the Flour Pot Cookie Book.
B002ZG98VE|4.0|This version of Robin Hood is all that a film should be; entertaining, gripping, spectacular, well acted, memorable.  I thoroughly enjoyed this  Robin Hood, though I went to the cinema expecting to watch another version of the  familiar tale. I was pleasantly surprised by this interpretation of historical events which veer from the legend and take a more realistic approach as to what may have occurred.    Robin is not the young, robust warrior but a mature seasoned fighter who is forced by circumstances to take on the identity of Robert of Loxley who has been ambushed and killed by the traitor Godfrey, who is plotting against the English King. Robin reaches the scene of ambush in time to chase the traitor off, but not in time to save Loxley, who begs him to return his sword to his aged father in Nottingham.    Once he arrives in Nottingham he faces the plight of the people who are impoverished due to the insupportable levies imposed by the king.  Their fate is further encumbered by the lack of younger men able to work in the fields, as they have all gone to war with king Richard the Lionheart.  Now King Richard is dead and his younger brother has succeeded him to the throne.  This vain man trusts the traitor Godfrey as his advisor but Godfrey is actually plotting against him.  His violent and bloodthirsty methods of extracting taxes turn the nobles to revolt against their king.  In the meantime, Godfrey conspires with the Frech king to invade England which is in the throes of a civil war. This is the turbulent political situation Robin faces as he arrives in Nottingham.  Sir Loxley, Robert's aged father, begs Robin to remain in Nottingham as his son as there is no one to defend his keep. His daughter in law, Marion (who is neither young nor a maid) is in need of protection now that her husband is dead.  Robin accepts and brings joy and prosperity back to a stuggling estate. However, Godfrey who had killed Loxley, wants Robin dead and his thugs are spreading terror and destruction to everyone who puts up any resistance.    It's all there.  The great actors, (Crowe, Blanchett, von Sydow), the impressive war scenes, the realistic depiction of an era, the evil heroes hatching plots and the greater than life heroes with mettle fighting to death to defend all that humans hold dear.  A truly fascinating film which never lags and it is with relief and anticipation that we realize at the end that a sequel will follow as this film is a prelude as to why Robin became an outlaw. I am looking forward to part ii.
B0001L3LUE|5.0|The haunting neo-classical Phillip Glass score plays throughout. The Johnson White House tapes play with amplified sound. JFK speaking on tape also. McNamara shows he was against the Vietnam War, but went along with LBJ out of loyalty, even as he knew the war was based on fundamentally flawed thinking and understanding, or lack thereof. He thinks JFK probably would have gotten out of Vietnam. At 85, when this was made, McNamara was tack sharp, his legendary brain fully intact. He chokes up often, at the mention of JFK's death, at the mention of his family and the deaths in war. This is one of the best docs I've seen in a long time. It may change your view of McNamara, long the bogeyman for Vietnam, but probably misunderstood.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|This is the second cable I bought from Amazon. My laptop fell and the connector snapped off the cable and stayed attatched to the computer.  At this price I could buy five more for what it would cost me for a one meter Monster cable from Best buy.  The quality otherwise has exceeded all my expectations. If you're questioning the buy based on the Amazon name tag, you shouldn't.  I like the stripped down packaging as well.
B002P4VUMQ|5.0|Finally, an artist under the age of 35 can put together an album of incredible songs.........one right after the other!    You don't have to try to find \\"the good song\\" - they ALL are Great!     Jason Mraz has TALENT - genuine and clearly nurtured.  He uses his gift wisely and it is apparent everytime he holds a note.  Jason surrounds himself with talented musicians and SHARES the stage with them.  The innovative rap style, the latin beat, the precise speed words, the poetry in his songs....................This Guy's Got \\"IT\\"!!!!!!!!
0316017922|5.0|Is Malcolm Gladwell just stating the obvious when he says really successful people achieve their success through a series of advantages? He labels such people as \\"outliers,\\" a use of the word not sanctioned by the English dictionary. He's not interested in run-of-the-mill kinds of success, but of really huge kinds of success, like Bill Gates or The Beatles. Let me begin by saying that I found this book fascinating, and made my way through its 285 pages rapidly, eager to see what was on the next page, in the next chapter. The book is full of new perspectives and ideas to savor over time.<br /><br />Gladwell introduces us to the \\"10,000 hour rule,\\" by which someone who can put in 10,000 hours at their craft, especially when there are barriers to others getting that many hours, gain a significant advantage. He discussed how Bill Gates, as a teen-ager, had access to real time (as opposed to punch cards) programming, and how the Beatles played clubs in Hamburg Germany where the music was non-stop and they played 8-hours stretches. Practice makes perfect.<br /><br />He also visits Chris Langen, a 200 IQ genius who grew up in extreme poverty and never finished college. He tells us about a long-term study of high IQ people like Langen that showed they are not more successful than other people. According to the author's analysis, it DOES take a certain level of intelligence to make it in our society, but beyond a certain IQ (about 120), the advantage of greater intelligence disappears. IQ tests only test a kind of logical intelligence, but it seems there is also a kind of practical intelligence that comes from exposure to people, places and things. If you grow up in an environment of low stimulation, with few opportunities for interaction with people or visits to a variety of places, you will be lacking in the kind of intelligence needed for success. Poor Chris Langen. Gladwell compares him to Robert Oppenheimer, who was also a genius, but came from a wealthy home. Their stories could not be more different.<br /><br />He also talks about the role of cultural legacy in success, and attributes various kinds of dysfunctional behavior to cultural inheritance. For instance, the famous feuds of mountain people (like the Hatfields and McCoys) are traceable to their ancestry in the hills of Scotland, where they had to be aggressive in protecting their sheep. Koreans make lousy airline pilots because their extreme adherence to respecting those of higher status keeps co-pilots and flight engineers from telling the captain when something is wrong and needs immediate correction.<br /><br />These observations are all very interesting, but once I was finished with the book, I began to wonder if what we have here is an entertaining book full of ideas, but not a complete theory of success. I was especially interested in what the author says about Bill Gates, since my husband and I were also involved in the very early software business, and we knew many other people who had a  classic \\"garage business\\" (or, since we live in Michigan, a \\"basement business\\"). Yes, Bill Gates dropped out of Harvard because he knew the picture of the Altair on the cover of Popular Electronics in January 1975 meant the time was right for small computers to become more than a hobby. Gates wrote a version of the BASIC language for the Altair, working with his buddy, Paul Allen. They founded Microsoft and were for a number of years, a computer language company. Gates was smart enough to always license (rather than sell) his languages, and that made him lots of money that let him move on to the next wave of computers.<br /><br />But Gates was not the only entrepreneur out there, nor was the Altair the only machine (but it was the first). My husband David Welsh wrote a word processor for the Radio Shack TRS-80 and we sold it all over the world through ads in computer magazines. At the peak of its popularity, the TRS-80 had so many entrepreneurial programmers that the premier TRS-80 magazine, 80 Micro, was a hundreds-of-pages fat thing, bulging with ads. There were magazines for the Apple, Commodore, and other microcomputers, all full of ads for programs written by eager, talented enthusiasts. But only Bill Gates and Steve Jobs survived and are today moguls of a huge industry. What happened to everyone else?<br /><br />(David and I wrote a book about our experiences - \\"Priming the Pump: How TRS-80 Enthusiasts Helped Spark the PC Revolution.\\" The real story of microcomputers involves lots of people who did not get rich. The book is available on Amazon.).<br /><br />In my mind, Bill Gates succeeded because of many of the factors cited by Malcolm Gladwell, but also because he had what many of the rest of us lacked, and that was the vision to see that software could be a huge industry. He not only had the skill and talent as a programmer, but he also had business acumen. And by the way, while Gladwell makes a big thing out of successful people having the opportunity to go to college, Gates not only dropped out of college, but his parents supported him in that choice. Gates' father was an attorney who helped him with advice on how to deal with the companies that wanted to use his BASC in their computers. How many parents would have let their son drop out of college to pursue something as iffy as creating a language for a \\"toy\\" computer (pretty much what the IBM crowd thought of the Altair)?<br /><br />Yes, Gates had lots of advantages, but he was able to see the future in a way that most of us couldn't. Did that arise from another of those hidden advantages? Maybe books he'd read about how new technologies develop? Maybe trips to museums that traced the history of technologies? Maybe his father shared his ideas and his help was why this young man was able to craft such good deals with the likes of Radio Shack, and later, with IBM?<br /><br />I think Outliers is a five-star book because it makes you think, and it is entertaining enough so you keep reading. Reading it will not turn you into a success, but it will give you some ideas about how people like Bill Gates got to be Bill Gates. You can start looking at successful people in a new way, wondering where their advantages came from and how those advantages worked with their own passion and talent to get them to the top.f-pages fat thing, bulging with ads. There were magazines for the Apple, Commodore, and other microcomputers, all full of ads for programs written by eager, talented enthusiasts. But only Bill Gates and Steve Jobs survived and are today moguls of a huge industry. What happened to everyone else?     (David and I wrote a book about our experiences - \\"Priming the Pump: How TRS-80 Enthusiasts Helped Spark the PC Revolution.\\" The real story of microcomputers involves lots of people who did not get rich. The book is available on Amazon.).    In my mind, Bill Gates succeeded because of many of the factors cited by Malcolm Gladwell, but also because he had what many of the rest of us lacked, and that was the vision to see that software could be a huge industry. He not only had the skill and talent as a programmer, but he also had business acumen. And by the way, while Gladwell makes a big thing out of successful people having the opportunity to go to college, Gates not only dropped out of college, but his parents supported him in that choice. Gates' father was an attorney who helped him with advice on how to deal with the companies that wanted to use his BASC in their computers. How many parents would have let their son drop out of college to pursue something as iffy as creating a language for a \\"toy\\" computer (pretty much what the IBM crowd thought of the Altair)?     Yes, Gates had lots of advantages, but he was able to see the future in a way that most of us couldn't. Did that arise from another of those hidden advantages? Maybe books he'd read about how new technologies develop? Maybe trips to museums that traced the history of technologies? Maybe his father shared his ideas and his help was why this young man was able to craft such good deals with the likes of Radio Shack, and later, with IBM?    I think Outliers is a five-star book because it makes you think, and it is entertaining enough so you keep reading. Reading it will not turn you into a success, but it will give you some ideas about how people like Bill Gates got to be Bill Gates. You can start looking at successful people in a new way, wondering where their advantages came from and how those advantages worked with their own passion and talent to get them to the top.
B0031OCY2E|1.0|Director Soderbergh's brilliant Schizopolis[[ASIN:B0000BUZKS Schizopolis - Criterion Collection]] had my expectations raised too high for this, I thought, spiritless parody of American business. This sad, flat piece of fluff droned for its entire length, was overly convoluted, filled with irrelevant digressions and meaningless information. Hum-drummery at its most vapid worst      Humor was dry drone, not droll, cynical and confusing. Confusing as to why SS didn't use anything but a drumming, metronome delivery, with everyone mumbling their way along in occasionally a quasi-documentary style. In other scenes, not much style at all. A grave disappointment. I guess OCEAN'S 11,12,13 just sucked the talent from Soderbergh. Hope he makes a come back, there was talent there, before.
0596804822|5.0|This book has the best description on how to get a project going on the iPhone that I have read so far. No nonsense straight and to the point to get you started and then gets you up to speed quickly with OpenGL ES. I wish I had this when I started making iPhone apps.     I like how the author's design takes advantage of portability using a C++ engine. This allows for a project to be ported to other platforms fairly easily. The example projects support all current forms of the iPhone (OpenGL 1.1 and 2.0) and I also have the demo projects working quite easily on the iPad by following the directions stated but with an iPad project instead of an iPhone project.     If you are looking to create a game or interactive application on the iPhone or the iPad, this is the book you want.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Shipped fast.  The show its self is very nice beautiful shots of tons of different things.... mountains, birds, lions, waterfalls, top of K2, etc
B003E7EXT0|5.0|What could I possibly say about Jane Austen's most famous novel that hasn't already been said? Even those who haven't read it surely know the name Mr Darcy, and how he's the romantic ideal of every housewife around the world. Everyone knows that he and Elizabeth Bennett are one of the most famous examples of a dislike-at-first-sight acquaintance that gradually matures into mutual respect and understanding, and I'm sure a healthy portion of that generalized \\"everyone\\" also knows that the novel also contains Austen's requisite commentary on class, marriage, wealth and families. Witty, self-deprecating Elizabeth is one of the most beloved heroines of all times (to this day, I find that I will always like a female protagonist if she reminds me of Elizabeth) and the novel itself begins with what is one of the most famous opening lines in English literature: \\"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of good fortune must be in want of a wife.\\"<br /><br />The true meaning of this line is obvious, and sets the tone for the entire novel: that it is not young men who are on the search for wives, but young women who are in want of eligible husbands, and that it is only society and decorum that dictates that the search should be undertaken by the men. Like all Austen's novels, the story is told from the point of view of a young woman, just beginning to find her place in the community and the world, and who is expected by everyone around her to be on the look-out for a husband. Yet this is not the first thing on Elizabeth Bennett's mind - as the second of five sisters, she's more preoccupied with keeping her younger sisters in check and making sure her beloved elder sister Jane is well matched in life. And if it's to a wealthy bachelor, then so much the better! Although reasonably well-off, the Longbourne estate is entailed on a cousin of their father, and so the girls face grim futures if they do not marry well before their father's death.<br /><br />A cynical and sarcastic recluse, Mr Bennett spends most of his time either baiting or avoiding his vacuous wife, whose most pressing concern in life is to marry off her daughters. Her prospects are suddenly promising when news comes that the neighboring estate of Netherfield is being lent out to a young man by the name of Mr Bingley: pleasant, wealthy, and immediately smitten with Jane. However, society is considerably less impressed by Bingley's companion. Mr Darcy is cold, arrogant and snobbish, who, on being invited to dance with Elizabeth, says of her: \\"\\"she is tolerable, but not handsome enough to tempt me.\\"<br /><br />Elizabeth takes an immediate disliking to him, an attitude that is only enforced when she meets the charismatic Mr Wickham who tells her he was the son of the late Mr Darcy's steward, and that the present Mr Darcy robbed him of his rightful inheritance as stipulated in his father's will. A further black mark against Darcy is drawn when Elizabeth learns that he (along with Bingley's spiteful sisters) has deliberately forced a wedge between Mr Bingley and Jane, in the attempt to \\"save\\" his friend from a bad match.<br /><br />It is to her utmost astonishment then, when Mr Darcy tells Elizabeth that he's in love with her and proposes marriage. Telling her that he's struggled against his will, reason and character in order to take this action, (and pointing out obvious disadvantages of the match - on his side), Elizabeth is hardly impressed by his assumption that she'll accept him, and takes the opportunity to tell him exactly what she thinks of him.<br /><br />And yet after this disastrous encounter, Elizabeth begins to learn more about her rejected suitor and his circumstances. Perhaps she's been blinded by her own prejudice against him, just as his pride initially made him so un-gentleman-like toward her...<br /><br />One misconception concerning \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is the belief that Elizabeth and Darcy are an early example of the \\"belligerent sexual tension\\" clich&eacute;, in which two characters hide their secret attraction to each other by pretending that they dislike each other. This assumption has always bugged me, as it is certainly *not* what is at work here. Austen is not only poking fun at the notion of love at first sight, but more importantly, is riffing the idea that two people would try to hide their passion by pretending that they don't like each other (the foolish Mr Collins believes that Elizabeth deliberately refuses his marriage proposal just because women often pretend to reject their suitors to hid their true feelings). Elizabeth and Darcy are legitimately unimpressed by each other at the start of the novel, but it is their growing understanding and desire to become a better person for the sake of the other that makes up their storylines. Both of them have to change in order to deserve each other: Elizabeth to overcome her prejudice, and Darcy to realize that he \\"has been a selfish being all my life, in practice, though not in principle.\\"<br /><br />In a similar vein, it's important to note that Elizabeth - although prejudiced - is not entirely mistaken when it comes to accessing Mr Darcy's character. Although there is more to the Wickham story than meets the eye, her perception of him as arrogant and proud is indeed correct. It is her words to him after his proposal that force Darcy to reassess all that he's learnt in his lifetime; yet when she learns the truth and cries \\"till this moment I never knew myself,\\" we can see just how shaken she is to learn that her judgment is not as infallible as she thought it was.<br /><br />Different readers take different things from \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" - at its most simplistic, it's a Cinderella story about a worthy young woman who marries the man of her dreams and by doing so elevates her social standing. On a more contextual level, others approach the text as a vigorous satire of the social norms and expectations of Austen's day, in which the desperate hunt for a husband to ensure a woman's future has to be hidden beneath the constraints of civilized society.<br /><br />Although the novel may seem deceptively small in scope and content (in regards to the setting and general theme of marriage) this is a story that explores the depth of human relationships and the need for personal growth; a simple story about complex characters. Though it is not widely thought to be Austen's best novel - that distinction often goes to [[ASIN:0375757422 Emma]] - whichever way you look at it, \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is considered Austen's lightest and most entertaining read, and is certainly her most famous. If you haven't read it yet - what are you waiting for?t sexual tension\\" clich&eacute;, in which two characters hide their secret attraction to each other by pretending that they dislike each other. This assumption has always bugged me, as it is certainly *not* what is at work here. Austen is not only poking fun at the notion of love at first sight, but more importantly, is riffing the idea that two people would try to hide their passion by pretending that they don't like each other (the foolish Mr Collins believes that Elizabeth deliberately refuses his marriage proposal just because women often pretend to reject their suitors to hid their true feelings). Elizabeth and Darcy are legitimately unimpressed by each other at the start of the novel, but it is their growing understanding and desire to become a better person for the sake of the other that makes up their storylines. Both of them have to change in order to deserve each other: Elizabeth to overcome her prejudice, and Darcy to realize that he \\"has been a selfish being all my life, in practice, though not in principle.\\"<br /><br />In a similar vein, it's important to note that Elizabeth - although prejudiced - is not entirely mistaken when it comes to accessing Mr Darcy's character. Although there is more to the Wickham story than meets the eye, her perception of him as arrogant and proud is indeed correct. It is her words to him after his proposal that force Darcy to reassess all that he's learnt in his lifetime; yet when she learns the truth and cries \\"till this moment I never knew myself,\\" we can see just how shaken she is to learn that her judgment is not as infallible as she thought it was.<br /><br />Different readers take different things from \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" - at its most simplistic, it's a Cinderella story about a worthy young woman who marries the man of her dreams and by doing so elevates her social standing. On a more contextual level, others approach the text as a vigorous satire of the social norms and expectations of Austen's day, in which thedesperate hunt for a husband to ensure a woman's future has to be hidden beneath the constraints of civilized society.<br /><br />Although the novel may seem deceptively small in scope and content (in regards to the setting and general theme of marriage) this is a story that explores the depth of human relationships and the need for personal growth; a simple story about complex characters. Though it is not widely thought to be Austen's best novel - that distinction often goes to [[ASIN:0375757422 Emma]] - whichever way you look at it, \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" is considered Austen's lightest and most entertaining read, and is certainly her most famous. If you haven't read it yet - what are you waiting for?
B0002DKCMG|5.0|\\"Eurotrip\\" is one of the funnier teen comedies that found its way into theatres in the early 2000's. The plot deals with a young guy who takes his pals with him to Europe to track down a girl he has met on the internet. On the way to Europe and while there the guys encounter some hilarious moments which leads to very funny film.<br /> This movie became a hit upon its release and grossed over $17,000,000 at the boxoffice and has gone on to be one of the biggest teen films ever. Hunk Matt Damon does a cameo in the film as a singer performing \\"Scotty Doesn't Know\\" in reference to the main character not realizing that his \\"new\\" girl is cheating on him.<br /> DVD bonuses include extended and unrated versions of the movie, commentary, unrated deleted scenes, and more.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|Avatar on Blu-ray is everything you expect it be be, amazing visuals and and a entertaining story. The glossy packaging is nice too.  I paid $20 for this when it first came out, so $16.99 is a GREAT price considering that you get both the Blu-ray and the DVD versions of the film.
B002VPE1B6|2.0|First off I have to admit that this movie was visually stunning. The special effects were great, the colors beautiful, all of that. This beauty kept me entertained for about 5 minutes and then I needed more. I never got it.    It was just plain boring. The plot was as stereotypical as all of the characters. The dialogue was bad. I can deal with that if the movie is supposed to be fun, but it took itself far too seriously. It was unabashedly preachy (yes, we know that we need to take care of our planet, though I didn't know that the military was all bad but I guess I will have to take James Cameron's word for it because he makes movies and he must know). I felt like it was taken for granted that I, as an audience member, was dumb and must be instructed, but it couldn't be too complicated or I might miss the point. I don't mind filmmakers putting their viewpoints into moves, that is their right. I just wish that Cameron could have been more subtle about it.    Why did the aliens have to be perfect in every way? They were beautiful, connected to the earth, appologized nicely for everything they killed for food, and never battled among themselves. When has a civilization ever been this perfect? They needed a depth that they didn't have. There was one large part, during a sequence that had to be at least 30 minutes of discovering how wonderful these people are, when I expected someone to break out into \\"Colors of the Wind\\" from Disney's Pocahontas (which was, in my opinion, a movie with a better script and a lot more depth).    I did not go to a theatre and see this. I rented it and watched it, in blu ray, at home. I have been told that if I had seen it in theatres in 3D, I would have thought that it was a good movie. How does the format in which you view it suddenly make it wonderful. I understand that it was visually magnificient in 3D, and you felt like you were sucked into Pandora. Great. Maybe I would have been entertained by the visuals for 10 minutes, instead of 5. That still doesn't make it a good movie. Avatar would still have been boring. The storyline, plot, and acting should be able to  stand on its own without the support of 3D. How long can a movie endure if it is only decent when seen in theaters. It gets two stars for visual effects.
0451457994|4.0|2001 is a book that I had been planning to read since I had seen the movie 10 years ago.  i never got around to reading the book because I figured that it would be just as cryptic as the movie.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  Having read Clarke's Rama series I expected a hard science fiction story that that was just as enjoyable due to it's mystery and the questions that are left unanswered as much as from the facts that are provided. I was not at all dissappointed.<br />  2001 take on two major themes one is the nature of consciousness and what it means to be consciousness. It could be argued that the first encounter with non human intelligence occured with the HAL 9000 unit and the disaster that ensued was a cautionary tale as to what misunderstandings can lead to.  The second half of the book takes up the issue of the ultimae fate of mankind and where we are going as a species.  In many way space is the ultimate test as to how far we have advanced as a species because the endevors that are taken up in exploring its depths will have to be measured in lifetimes trancending the experiences of any one or any particular group of individuals. The books does a good job of portraying this as it jumps from several different protagonist in a story that spans 4 millions years.  This is one of the best examples of intelligent Science Fiction that I have come across and i highly recommend it.
0893860220|5.0|This is book is special. Of all spiritual books this is the one book that everyone can connect to. I have seen this with all the people I have recommended it to.     Though Maharaj's message is very simple it is giant leap to actually start on the process of awakening. When you clearly realize that \\"I AM\\" and stay with it.....no other words, teachings, gurus, practices are needed.
B001F0VHEM|4.0|Simply buy it-Pinks talent has never been in question and yes her song writing has improved by leaps and bounds. She doesnt need to curse though and she does in a few songs to convey her anger and bitterness at the \\"divorce situation\\". Poetic license granted. ( thats why I only gave her the 4 stars...she deserves five for this album but I cant let my daughters listen to those songs...bummer.<br /><br />Pinks live performances and concerts have gone a long way in pushing her Brand as well...the Grammys? That was the clincher!<br /><br />Good Job Pink
B000TFINY6|5.0|if your like me and can't stand to watch live television because of the commercials you need to watch your tv series on blu-ray. the best picture quality with out the annoying commercials. the detail in this set is amazing and a nice tv really makes the viewing experience a perfect 10
0061733199|5.0|Interesting read. Good information.<br /><br />*Plant drawings should have been photographs of the real thing, would have been more useful.
0307266303|2.0|This is a great story, an easy read and really fun for anyone who runs.  I would assume that even if you don't run you would enjoy this story as one of love for humanity.    It is, however, a story with several inaccurate statements.  The account of the race is false on many accounts and it is a bit misleading.    The Copper Canyon Ultra Marathon has its own webpage to find out more about what actually went down at these races.  If you are looking for info on the race the book mentions check out the 2006 edition of the race, which coincedentally is not the first running of this race.    Also, I would suggest checking out results from the subsequent years as well.    Good story though.
B000VDDWDS|5.0|True Master and Commander of all Sea Hero Movies - no more to add, watch it yourself.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Saw this at the IMAX and thought it was fantastic then saw it at a regular theater and still loved it so had to buy it.
B001FB4W0M|5.0|The shipper was very very good, the item came in quickly and it was just as it was advertised. We are very pleased with the purchase.
B002NWRMVS|5.0|items were just as discribed and would buy again but not one of her better works
0694526088|3.0|This is an interesting review of companies who have made good business decisions, but unfortunately if you follow those companies into the recent recession, some of those decisions also led to their collapse. Still worth reading, but I would not pay too much for it.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|The movie itself was absolutely beautiful. Avatar looks as stunning in HD as I had imagined after seeing it in theaters. However, the Blu-ray does not include any extra scenes or additional content; only the movie.
0385341008|3.0|This was just ok for me. The letters were very confusing, especially in the beginning. As I got into the book, it was easier to read. The story line was ok, but I wasn't wowed by anything.
B003A981VI|3.0|I wish the levels were better. I do understand that this album is live but you can clearly hear distortion and \\"pops\\" in most of the songs.    Besides that little quip the album is great. Serj is on top form as well is the Auckland Philharmonia Orchestra. Everything you would expect from this matchup.
0061353248|2.0|Alright my title says \\"too long\\", by that i dont mean that the 244 pages are too long a read and that i found it difficult. By too long i mean this book can be significantly smaller. The chapters are about one test after another which could have been summed up very quickly after one or two of these tests(to give people an idea of the system), and the rest shorted and added as appendices.    In fact the whole book could have been summed up with just one chapter. I bought this book feeling, and hoping that i would get some sort of insight into economics, or economic behavior. However what i did get was that \\"people sometimes make irrational choices, let me show you examples of them\\" In fact that sums up the book better than my title!    Originally i was going to give this book one star cause i thought it was TERRIBLE, its easily the worst book ive read. But seeing as so many people actually thought they found some use out of this book(which really surprised me)ive given it two.    Added note:: I see many people mentioning the added sub-prime appendix. I must have bought this book before that. I wish i could have read it cause thats actually something i know a lot about. If anyone is interested check out Thomas Woods's book Meltdown, it really is excellent, or a book predicting it is Peter Schiff's Crash Proof.    Anyway to sum up this book ill repeat \\"people sometimes make irrational choices, let me show you examples of them\\". There you go. Now you dont need to buy it.
B0010DRYSM|5.0|Saw the movie on tv and had to have the dvd in my collection.  A fantastic job of acting on the part of each actor.  Well cast and the choreography and music are excellent.  In my opinion, this is a classic film and a must see.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Great movie. One of the best I've seen in a long time. To all of the Wiccans out there, a must see, goes along with our beliefs. Really brings it home.
B0030DHPGQ|2.0|With all the 5 star reviews I purchased this book with much enthusiasm.  AFter the first few chapters though I was very disappointed. Change in terms of the rider, the elephant and the path is a great metaphor (and I loved Haidt's \\"The happiness hypothesis\\"). However as the book progressed it was clear the authors took great stories and tried to force them into this framework. The book would have been much more effective had they analyzed a few of these then created a plan for another environment to see if it worked. Fitting a sucessful scenario into the framework of your choice after the fact without ensuring the situation is repeatable is not scientific. One example is the vest wearing medication nurse.  Sounds like a great success in reducing med errors.  But, what were the interuptions identified prior to the wearing of the vest?  In my unit there are so many meds there are many nurses administering meds at many times...With everyone wearing vests, who will patients get to help them?  Was the vest signal really reducing interuptions or were the nurses just more focused because the vest was a cue to the importance of their task? My guess is the effectiveness of the vest will descrease as it blends into the hectic environment.  This analysis deficit in this book turns it into just another fad management book that will be forgotten. While a few simple ideas will stick, unfortunately this book is full of \\"short term-isms\\".  A great read for the common man but not for organizations looking to facilitate change.
B002HWRYJE|3.0|J.J. Abrams' Star Trek is very, um, pretty.  Sure, let's say that: it's gorgeous to look at.  Like a celebutante or cheerleader, you can admire its beauty all day; but once you engage it in conversation, you realize it's essentially vacuous.  I could study this film's design for ages, as long as I don't have to endure its hackneyed storyline ever again.    On the day of James Kirk's birth, an impossibly advanced ship spills from a space anomaly and destroys a starship with Kirk's father aboard.  But that ship is just beginning: it aims to smash worlds, wreak havoc, and punish Ambassador Spock.  Along the way, it rewrites the history of the Federation, and of your favorite bridge crew ever.    In the special features, Abrams and his team admit to devising this Trek by asking what George Lucas would do.  Sadly, they pick the wrong Lucas.  They prefer the prequels' lavish physical design over the original trilogy's primal mythology.  This film has gorgeous sets, intricate sound, sumptuous special effects, and great acting.  But its story is paper thin.    Pick any bit from this film, and I promise: it's wholly unoriginal.  The time travel and vengeance plot; the \\"red matter\\" plot contrivance; the Kirk-Spock rivalry; everything you see is reheated.  Even the resolution of the conflict is pinched substantially from [[ASIN:B0000683DH The Wrath of Khan]].  Trek is so creatively bankrupt that it now cannibalizes itself.  Nothing original happens in this film.    This film is gorgeous.  I want to look at it, handle it, admire it.  But Abrams uses this prettiness to conceal his absolute banality.  After this film, I watched the [[ASIN:B001TH16CY Star Trek Motion Picture Trilogy]].  It's far less intricate, but much smarter, and touches me in a more meaningful way.  This elegant wreck is nothing but a lonely echo.
8862931921|5.0|Having first come across the A4 \\"sketch\\" notebook, I was a bit discouraged as one of the reviews (helpfully) stated that the paper in the sketch was not the same as the\\"orginial\\" moleskine notebooks.    However, the \\"A4 Plain\\" does have that lovely smooth paper that I (and my pens) have fallen in love with over the years! I even used one as a wedding guestbook/album and it's fantastic.
B002GZQY6Q|4.0|I have to admit that I was a little disappointed the first couple of times I listened to this. A friend and I had a conversation about Fear of a Blank Planet being Porcupine Tree's \\"Moving Pictures\\" and things, while very good, would never match past glories. After about a month I left it alone for a few weeks. I'm glad I didn't review it back then. I started bringing the cd with me whenever I had a long drive, playing it on my mp3 player during my commute, just wanting to listen to it non-stop. It sneaked up on me!! This album, probably more than any other PT album before it,works as a whole with what I first considered filler, really doing more for \\"the greater good\\". FOABP was supposedly one long composition, but it really isn't. This one is aptly called a \\"song cycle\\", I'd call it a suite. If you are willing to listen to it repeatedly throughout on a good sound system, you'll find a lot to like.<br />UPDATE<br />After a couple of years, I find this album somewhat uninspired and formulaic. It has some fantastic moments, but it seems that SW was already past the metal phase when he recorded this. It's companion concert DVD is also kind of bland.
B00362DRNG|5.0|As a TRUE DIE HARD DURAN DURAN FAN...I must say that this package contains MANY surprises. One being that, 'Is There Something I should Know?' is not on this collector's piece. MOST people but not all, have not ever even heard 'To The Shore' which was mostly sold in the UK on their Original DD album (without)... 'Is There Something I Should Know?'. In the US it was opposite, 'To The Shore' was not found on the US release of the DD album but, 'Is There Something I Should Know?' was.    This album contains refreshing never-heard-before versions of 'Girls On Film' and 'Tel Aviv'. 'Tel Aviv' was mostly an instrumental track. NOT HERE!! On this set you can really hear Nick's, Roger's, and Andy's contribution to 'Careless Memories'. If you set your stereo's volume to 3/4's...WOW. They can really jam on that tune. John's contribution can really be heard here too but, you have to listen for it. Simon did a really great job on 'Careless Memories' as well.    There are many surprises that I feel I must allow YOU to see and hear for yourself. I wish not to spoil any more of the surprises than I may already have.    The Dvd is exceptional. There are pieces or versions that you cannot find anywhere else. For that reason alone you should buy this collector's edition. For the overall price and relative value. This is a MUST. I am not typing this just to 'hype' up this set. This set get's MORE THAN 5-Stars!!!!!     Hope this review help's. Peace.
B0037AGASG|4.0|Justin Bieber is without a doubt the best new teen pop star in a loooong time, but that isn't really saying much. He's better than the Jonas Brothers, but he's not quite Michael Jackson. He does know how to play instruments and write songs, however, he does neither on this album. Although he \\"co-wrote\\" some songs on the album, the only song he wrote was the Walmart-only bonus track \\"Where Are You Now?\\", which is actually a great song. The album also features synthesizers and computer drums rather than real instruments, which is the main down side to the album. The fake snare drum used on many of the tracks sounds so awful it ruins most of the album. But if you can get past all that, the album isn't terrible. The ballads are the best songs on the album, and the hit songs \\"Baby\\" and \\"Eenie Meenie\\" are actually the worst. The song \\"Eenie Meenie\\" is sung well and it is kinda catchy, but the lyrics are not only terrible, but also quite embarrassing. I would have liked the album better had it left out \\"Eenie Meenie\\", but since it didn't, I grade this album a B+.<br /><br />Regarding Bonus Tracks:<br />The Walmart-only bonus track \\"Where Are You Now?\\" is a good song, and a nice addition to the album. The iTunes-only bonus track \\"Kiss and Tell\\" is nothing special.<br /><br />Great Songs:<br />Stuck In The Moment, Never Let U Go, Overboard<br /><br />Good Songs:<br />Baby, Somebody To Love, Up, That Should Be Me<br /><br />Ok Songs:<br />U Smile, Runaway Love<br /><br />Throwaway Songs:<br />Eenie Meenie
B001OQCV2E|5.0|A great fun movie with all the elements you would want in an action movie.    Enjoy
B002W6Z0UK|4.0|The first four songs on this album are definitely worth listening to, but the 2nd half of the album is a lot weaker. \\"Bad Romance\\", \\"Alejandro\\" and \\"Monster\\" are all great dance/club songs. \\"Dance In The Dark\\" and \\"So Happy I Could Die\\" are ok dance songs. \\"Speechless\\" is a great ballad (supposedly written for Lady Gaga's father). \\"Telephone\\" and \\"Teeth\\" are both fairly weak and boring songs. Overall, if you like dance/pop music or if you liked Lady Gaga's 1st album (\\"The Fame\\"), then I recommend this album.
B002VPE1B6|2.0|AVATAR is a movie for blu-ray; but this poor edition is not worth the cost. The image is good on the BD and not so bad on the DVD (included). The only reason to buy this is the 3 extra bucks you are paying for the blu-ray but otherwise this editition is worthless
B002JCSWV6|4.0|3.8 stars<br /><br />I thought Freeman was an excellent Mandela, and Damon is quite convincing as well, but Eastwood lets this one linger on a bit too long, and the climactic rugby match becomes almost ridiculous as it plays out slower and slower in slow motion that sure does slow everything down, and quickly. It's all a little too manipulative by the end, which is a shame as that detracts from some very fine acting and a good script.<br /><br />But Invictus is still a pleasure to watch and is a very well-made film, all in all. It shows a magic moment in the very troubled history of this land, and the heart of Mandela's message of peace and tolerance and turning the other cheek comes across quite powerfully. That's the real soul of this film, not the rugby, and the final scene distracts from that as Invictus becomes a somewhat cheesy sports flick for its last thirty minutes. But the previous ninety are quite excellent at points, and it's a film worth watching for various reasons, most of all to ponder the magnificence of Mandela's character, as a deeply extraordinary man and a Christian in the true sense of the term.
B000TEUSJK|1.0|Caligula is a boring make that very borish movie,I am sure The Pagan Romans were like this or EVEN Worst before converting to Christanity.But this movie is more of a softcore movie with incessant nudity and other matters.Masquerading as \\"art\\" nothing more than low-brow cheap cinema.The Production co is Penthouse? need I say more? If you want to see a bunch of fruitcakes be my guest. Gore Vidal(Chump) did the original screenplay I am sure it wasn't any better than this either.
B001T30232|5.0|I had this book from the library, and about half-way through it, I was determined to own a copy for my favorite book selection shelf.  This is a wonderful book.  Most \\"dog\\" stories end with the dog dying and you are crying.  This one ends with an UP and that is what makes it so endearing.  As a dog owner, I appreciated the way the story is told from Enzo's viewpoint.  I wonder if my dogs \\"think\\" like this.  Just got a new puppy, he is named \\"Enzo\\" - I hope he lives up to his namesake.
6304806434|5.0|Con Air is a great movie, lots of cool vehicles, good actors and acting. Yes it's a Guy movie and WHAT? My only beef is why destroy a Perfectly beautiful 67' Corvette?or a 84' Corvette? why the Recurring theme of destroying Corvettes? It makes my stomach curl.
B0035WTE2U|1.0|There are 20 songs in Iron Man 2, but only two of the songs from the movie are on the soundtrack album.    What a joke.  Ticks me off that they even call it a soundtrack album.      If I could give this zero stars, I would.   I'm okay with AC/DC, but this is tragic.
B00006RCOB|5.0|I am not a SciFi guy,there were alot of these futuristic type 80s movies. But I really like Firefox because I am A Eastwood Fan, its a long movie with a good plot and tense moments. for it's time a really good movie. and still a good movie.I especially loathe the Soviet Commies so it's my type of movie.
B000A2IPPK|5.0|Great delivery and great movie...not scratched up or anything it was in great shape! Thank you!
B00005K3NY|1.0|What would you expect from a Canadian movie? the movie is intelligent to a degree,however it is boring and it's cliched corporate espionage is played out. not really sci-fi not really horror,some gross moments but it still doesn't make it interesting enough for me to see more than once.
0312944098|5.0|This book is an excellent read, find it difficult to put down, as always Jeffrey Archer is a compelling author.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|When Amazon announced it was selling Avatar, I knew it wasn't going to be a rip-off version!  I have watched it about a dozen times now and enjoy it each time.
B001PO53IO|5.0|Great package at a good price. Although I recorded all the episodes from TV on HD, its good to have the 'complete' version.<br /><br />The behind-the-scenes featurettes are interesting and informative. A little bit of appearance of 'the Checkered one' and the other directors would have been nice.<br /><br />I live in Japan and when I played this on my Japanese BD recorder, it automatically came up in Japanese, which is a thumbs up for me. This seems to be a WB trend. And about one-fifth of the price sold in Japan! (the Japanese product does come with other goodies like good luck charms you dont really need. lol)<br /><br />Lovely 68-page Production Journal built into the casing.<br /><br />What was MOST EXCITING was that in some of the featurettes, you get to see a few snippets of the Star Wars movies (from all episodes) in GLORIOUS HD! Which kind of makes you think that they have already done the HD transfers for all 6 movies, right!?<br />Well, when is it coming out Mr. Lucas?<br /><br />After all that is the sole reason I bought my HD TV and Blu Ray player!
B00000E9O7|5.0|I love the different styles of music represented on this album - South African rhythm and zydeco.  The a capella pieces will make you spine tingle!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Absolutely amazing and awe-inspiring. A great show to watch with the family.  Our planet really is a miracle and needs to be loved, respected, and protected.
B0012GMUIG|5.0|Great live album!  Editing is great, so you don't even know the songs are not from the same concert or venue.  \\"Captain Jack\\"  shows Joel's gritty rock side.
0618001905|5.0|Please read this book and tell two friends what you have learned, as even highly learned people know nothing about Congo's terrible history under The King, or for that matter what is going on there now (5.4 million people killed in war in last 15 years).  Although I travel to the Congo semi-regularly, you needn't be even vaguely familiar with the history of this incredible country to appreciate the human drama in this story....more villains and heroes in this book than any other in memory. It is simply a great story, and told brilliantly by the author.  I can't recommend it enough.  One of the best books I have read in the last decade. It will stay with you.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|It's just a movie people! Life happens! This is a great movie that, yes, deals with a real-life situation, spouses die, people get sick. Should I shield my 12 year old daughter from her grandfather who has Alzheimer's because it may be distressing to her??? We all have to deal with situations we would rather not, so why not a movie that exposes our kids to it and makes them think a little?
0425218929|4.0|This is a good medical thriller. It involves a weird pox-like bug that keeps killing individuals. Scarpetta is forced to find out who unleashed this horrid plague in order to prevent further death and demise. I am not a doctor, well not a medical doctor, so that portion of the book sounded realistic to me. The suspense was set very nicely in a readable book that moves along very quickly and is never boring. The writing is very good and serves to set up a good summer read. Anyway, it is worth a read, so get it and enjoy.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|dvd and blue-ray for a great price.  no trailers just all movie.  best value on the market
B000002JSN|5.0|Man, I can remember being like, 15 or 16 and getting this album.  I didn't really know what to expect but needless to say I'm still listening to this gem 20 years later.  How wonderful it would be to be able to hear these songs for the first time, again.  Who knows, maybe I'll get lucky and be in an accident that causes total amnesia.  But until then, all I can do is try and turn young people on to this masterpiece.  If your a teenager who loves music and is looking for something to sink your teeth into, here it is.  Buy it.  You won't regret it.
B000XR49VQ|2.0|Seriously, though, this movie is uneven.  The daring and unconventional visuals of the first half -- incredibly -- give way to a stilted, boring second half.  Greenaway might have been able to pull this off for 15 minutes, but it groans at 120 minutes.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|The release of MTV's brilliant DARIA animated series was held up for a long time because of problems with music rights; finally the series has been released, minus some of the terrific pop soundtrack that sparked it so much. But it's more than worth seeing even without that. There just hadn't been another series about teenagers before quite like this series (originally a spin-off from BEAVIS AND BUTTHEAD, though that's hard now to imagine). Many series in the 90s paid attention to the growing pains outcasts of high school (such as FREAKS AND GEEKS), or to the anxieties of the popular kids (such as BEVERLY HILLS 90210), but never to both; what's more, DARIA paid equal attention to the screwed-up lives of the kids' parents and their high school teachers, all of whom were shown to be just a little bit off-kilter.    Like most of the other kids in her placeless, affluent suburb of Lawndale, Daria lives with her family in an ugly McMansion. Smart but deeply alienated, she attracts attention from her parents and her teachers for her intelligence but also disapproval for her unwillingness to be a joiner; she spends most of her time zoned out with her best friend, the wry and artistic Jane Lane, either sharing pizza or watching the popular television freak show SICK, SAD WORLD (which cannot match the bizarreness of Lawndale itself). Daria's emotionally wounded and hyperambitious parents, Jake and Helen, are too engrossed with their careers to take much notice of their daughter, and her teachers (almost all of whom are, like Jake and Helen, also narcissistic Baby Boomers) are baffled by Daria's disaffection and mostly ignore her. Her selfish sister Quinn, in order to remain popular with the reigning girls' clique (which is brilliantly self-titled \\"the Fashion Club\\") pretends at school they are not even siblings. But despite so much alienation and disconnection, almost everybody in the large cast appears in nearly every episode and gets something to say, which is part of thejoy of the show. Teenagers of Daria's age tend to stay focused on Daria's romantic problems, first with her deeply embarrassing crush on Jane's slacker brother Trent, and then with preppy Tom, her first real boyfriend. But adults will enjoy the show for the hilarious attention paid not just to the kids' social circle but also to Daria's messed-up parents and teachers, who are also delineated with loving attention. One of the greatest pleasures of the series is how despite the charmingly flat animation style the characters continue to round themselves out and develop as, for example, Quinn deals with the berserkly petty power dynamics within the Fashion Club, Helen comes to realize her eldest daughter's extreme disaffection is a genuine coping strategy, and Daria learns to understand that there might be something of value behind the eyes of the other denizens of her teenage suburban wasteland.    If anything, the series is hilarious just for the brilliant voice work of the regular performers, probably the best group to work for an animated series (with the possible exception of THE SIMPSONS) in fifty years. The real star, of course, is the gifted Wendy Hoopes, who voices three of the major characters: the vain Quinn, the arch Jane Lane, and the breathily intense Helen, whose loopy salutation on her ubiquitous cellphone--\\"Hel-LOOOoo?\\"--cracks me up every time. There are wonderful sociological details scattered throughout, from the snide social commentary from the parents of Jodi (the hyperachieving African-American class president, and Daria's only other friend besides Jane), to the reverence with which the security-obsessed principal Ms. Li always speaks whenever she invokes the name of Lawndale High. Some episodes are certainly better than others (a flight of fancy where the teenage embodiments of the holidays visit Lawndale, for example, seems a real misfire). But when the series episodes are at their best--perhaps most memorably in \\"Daria!\\" (a musical episode thatpreceded a similar stunt on BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER), \\"Quinn the Brain,\\" \\"Monster,\\" and, my own favorite, \\"The Daria Hunter\\" (the Lawndale kids and their chaperoning parents are taken to a paintball park, where, of course, the Fashion Club assassinate one another with startling dispatch, and Daria is shot by her own mother: \\"Oh Daria, you're not even TRYING!\\")--it is one of the funniest television shows of the 1990s. This boxed set also comes with the two TV-movies MTV made for the series, \\"Is It Fall Yet?\\" and \\"Is It College Yet?,\\" plus such delights as a rock-video for Trent Lane's terrible punk band Mystik Spiral (which is going to get a better name some day, if the members could just think of one).
B001OQCV2E|2.0|This movie was apparently only made for the special effects. I love John Cusak, and Amanda Peet. However, this was not a good movie. The effects were great, but so unbelievable that most of it was ridiculous. I don't recommend it. I would watch \\"Day After Tomorrow\\" instead. It's much better and a little more realiztic.
B000BCKFWK|4.0|I Would Give Five Stars For This Great Film, But It Deserves Better Packaging By Dimension Films (So Take Note If You Ever Plan On A New Edition, Pendejos!). Beware, This Digipak With Plastic Dual Disc Trays Breaks (Due To SIN CITY Graphic Novel Pressing Against It) And Tears Cardboard Digipak Apart !!     Solutions?     Publish SIN CITY Gravic Novel In Adope Acrobat Published Onto Either Disc, The Graphic Novel Is Too Damn Small To Read (vs. The Best Buy Version - Which Comes Standard Comic Book Size)    Use Digipak Meant For Dual Discs (2 or More DVDS) @ Half The Thickness Available (With Heavier Cardboard Slip Cover)    Throw In A Black TShirt Give Away (For Those Of Us Who've Had To Return Multiple Editions Of This Digipak Release Due To Problems Mentioned Above)
B000PC3D34|4.0|The book was in excellent condition, but the cover shown was orange, like the one i was looking for,but the one i got was a newer updated cover. would have liked to have the one that was pictured
B0036EH3X4|1.0|Quite possibly the most disappointing ending possible for what appeared, up until the end of the fifth season, to be a very deep and interesting show.  The finale never answered basic question at the heart of the show--what is the island--which is a major strike against any series that is essentially a mystery.<br /><br />Instead, the writers do not bother to explain anything about the island, and essentially allow \\"Magic\\" to explain the whole series.  It is no surprise, therefore, that so many people have latched on to the whole island is some sort of purgatory as an explanation--at least that makes sense of the past six seasons of the show.<br /><br />I can say without hesitation, that while up until this season Lost was a fascinating journey of discovery, this season does nothing but establish that the whole journey was pointless.  Is the message that \\"the most important people in your life are those who happen to be around you when you die\\"?  Or that \\"some mystical glowwy cave is responsible for everything, but we wont tell you what it is.\\"  No matter how you slice it, this entire season was nothing but sappy for no reason.  No matter the interpretation the entire sideways universe is nothing but a big \\"what if,\\" because it is clearly established that whatever happened there wasn't real and/or didn't matter, resulting in over half of this season wasted from the get go.  I highly recommend that anyone interested in this series, or a fascinating mystery either look elsewhere, or pretend that this show was canceled at the end of season 5.
0786868724|5.0|A perfect book which continues Albom's great style of confronting the major problems we have in life, health and wealth and our social responsibilities. I have enjoyed his other books and may he continue to write such amazing books.
0385737947|4.0|The Maze Runner is a YA fantasy novel that has incorporated the best of the genre and has seamlessly taken readers to yet another world. The land that the characters inhabit is new, but the journey of our hero seemed very familiar. That being said, I thoroughly enjoyed this novel, and I am anxiously waiting for October to read the second book in the trilogy.<br /><br />The novel begins with Thomas surrounded by boys who find him in \\"the box\\". Thomas can  remember his name, but he can't remember anything else about his past. The Gladers, the group of boys who live in this mysterious village, welcome him reluctantly. They are used to newcomers-a new boy joins them every month-but their usual cycle is disturbed when a girl joins them the day after Thomas's arrival. Many of the Gladers blame Thomas for all the upheavals, and even the mysterious girl seems to know him. Thomas becomes more and more suspicious as more of his past is revealed. The trailer for The Maze Runner does a terrific job of describing the Glade and the boys who live there. Check it out...it almost made me want to make a show out of this...<br /><br />I don't want to tell you much more about the book because it was the constant unknown that kept me reading. As soon as I got bored with one aspect of the story another twist presented itself. This book, the first in the trilogy, leaves you waiting for the next one-in a good way. It is not one of those horrible cliffhangers where nothing is resolved and where the conclusion is completely unknown a la Pirates of the Caribbean. Instead one huge mystery of the story is solved, but you know that more lurk around the corner.<br /><br />The Maze Runner also includes real-life elements that are not blatantly obvious. Thomas and his friends have to compete against the other Gladers, the Grievers, and themselves. Unlike normal teens, they are focused on life  or death, but they similarly have to make decisions on their own and stand by their choices. There is no coddling in the Glade. Every boy learns to grow up by either trusting his instincts or by conquering his fear. Thomas breaks down and cries at one point, and my pity for him was real.  Dashner made this unreal world real, and he makes his readers remember \\"normal\\" moments of growing up that forced them to tears, embarrassed  them to their core, and had them praying for bigger bangs :) .<br /><br />The Maze Runner was a quick, fun read. I enjoyed my time in the Glade, but I am definitely glad to be back home.ery boy learns to grow up by either trusting his instincts or by conquering his fear. Thomas breaks down and cries at one point, and my pity for him was real.  Dashner made this unreal world real, and he makes his readers remember \\"normal\\" moments of growing up that forced them to tears, embarrassed  them to their core, and had them praying for bigger bangs :) .    The Maze Runner was a quick, fun read. I enjoyed my time in the Glade, but I am definitely glad to be back home.
B0039OGGVQ|4.0|Great music selection. I am not a fan of all the songs but worth the $10.
B0000636NQ|4.0|Its the memories this brings back of seeing a young Alvin Lee on that smokin guitar I love!
B000NIZPKE|5.0|Satisfied with purchase from Amazon.com vendor. I didn't buy a cheaper generic battery because I trust the Sony brand, especially when the power source is for sensitive electronic equipment like my camcorder.
0671027573|5.0|There are many of her books I absolutely love, but this one made me howl with laughter. The characters are great and it's rather a creepy story. I've read it several times since it's original release. I just wish Linda could get back to this type of writing. It's been very hard to top this one for me.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|[[ASIN:B001OQCV6A Sherlock Holmes]]  Movie is a murder mystery invloving intrigue and a secret society in circa 1900's London, England.  The movie helps the watcher to understand much of Sherlock Holmes deductive reasoning and how he came to this way of thinking in solving crimes.
B002WCNGGY|5.0|This is a fantasic game for those who love lego's and those who used to play pictionary or charades.  Great game for the entire family!  I just wish they had more types of pieces and figures - but, to handle that we just add more from my son's collection to have a better selection of building pieces.
B000W00Y0Y|4.0|The Montreal concert is a killer! Freddy Mercury is really a star performer, and so are the other members of the band. The Live Aid concert is a great bonus... that part where the audience was clapping their hands in unison for Radio Gaga just shows you how much influence the band had on the people back then. Great stuff!    Now, why only 4 stars? The concert was great but of course the video was not taken to take advantage of the HD quality that current systems now have to offer. The video was grainy at best and parts of the Live Aid coverage had green bands showing. Not sure what the DVD version has to offer (in terms of content) but this is not an HD/blu-ray material.    Anyway, I recommend this video to everyone... especially those who were already alive and kickin' back in the 80s. My friends and I had a great time watching the concert over a few bottles of San Migs.
B003ELNV9Y|2.0|In the liner notes for this new CD, Beck talks about one song being \\"completely re-worked\\" after the vocals were added and how that speaks volumes about where he is with his music, how there's no longer the need to go \\"full shred\\" on every song. He's now more comfortable laying back and letting other instruments and/or vocals put the music forward.<br /><br />I disagree. Jeff never went \\"full shred\\" on every song. See \\"Where Were You\\" or \\"Two Rivers\\" from 1989's \\"Guitar Shop\\" cd, or \\"Brush With The Blues\\" or \\"Declan\\" or even \\"Angel (Footsteps)\\" from 1999's \\"Who Else!\\" cd. He's always had a knack for knocking you out with killer guitar performances but also showing a more tasteful side to showcase how he could make one note sing right up there with Clapton or anyone else. Since 1989 in particular, Jeff's work picked up in consistency (if not frequency) and each album offered plenty of excellent upbeat rhythms (some of which could be called \\"techno\\") topped by amazing guitar work on mostly instrumental albums. However, in an interview after the \\"Jeff\\" cd was barely complete, he stated he was already sick of that material and that manner of recording, so it would be the last album he made like that.<br /><br />So it was clear we'd get something different with his next studio release, and \\"change in direction\\" is no stranger to Jeff's career. However, I have to say this new album is something of a disappointment. Instead of a few songs that DO feature \\"full shred\\" and then a more laid back approach on a few songs, this album is mostly very mellow mood pieces and/or non-instrumental tracks that feature vocalists who do next to nothing for me. These tracks belong on THEIR albums with Jeff Beck as a special guest more than they belong on a \\"Jeff Beck\\" album. Vocal tracks in the past such as \\"People Get Ready\\" and \\"Rollin' and Tumblin'\\" have been great songs that still showcased Jeff's unique talents and fit in fine on otherwise mostly instrumental albums. Now, it seems, Beck has decided to make those types of songs more the centerpiece of his work and by default there's simply less room for Jeff to showcase what he does. And isn't that why we buy Jeff Beck albums? To hear the man REALLY play?<br /><br />It's still Jeff Beck and he's still the best, so if you're a fan, this is worth getting, but this is a definite step down from his last several albums in my opinion and is not what I'd recommend to anyone just learning about Jeff Beck or for old fans wanting to re-acquaint themselves with what he's been doing in more recent years. Instead, I'd recommend any of \\"Guitar Shop\\" (1989), \\"Who Else!\\" (1999), \\"You Had It Coming\\" (2000) or \\"Jeff\\" (2003). All are outstanding albums that I'd give 4 or even 5 stars. This one gets 2.  What can make it a 3 though is if you skip the bonus track offered by the mp3 download version of this and instead buy the deluxe edition CD.  That contains a bonus dvd of 30 minutes of footage of Jeff Beck and band at the 2007 Crossroads guitar festival.  One performance from this (\\"Big Block\\") was already released on the Crossroads DVD, but the rest is unseen footage and very solid.  I think I'll be spending more time with that than the \\"Emotion and Comotion\\" cd itself...<br /><br />Bottom line: there are too many hacks who take the approach of \\"look how many notes I can play\\", and they bore me to tears because there's no substance to their music. However, Beck is not one of them, so for him anyway, less is definitely not more.
B000063JDE|4.0|I had first seen Blue Velvet in the theater when it first came out. I was confused, disturbed and, yet, inexplicably mesmerized by it. There was nothing around like it. Nowadays, film-makers try to challenge us with \\"innovative\\" cuts, digital manipulation, gratuitous sex and over-the-top characterizations.    What makes Blue Velvet still worth viewing (for those who can stomach it) is its very \\"conventional\\" film technique and character/plot development which still manages to produce a disturbing and inexplicably mesmerizing experience. I'm less confused now but much more appreciative of David Lynch's film-making. It's all pretty tightly done. Once you get through Dennis Hopper's unforgettable portrayal of a Frank Booth -- realistic and demonic -- you'll wonder why he does those bland commercials now.
B00133KFGW|4.0|I had seen this movie on cable and wanted to make this movie apart of my best of best collection.  All audiances can appreciate it and enjoy this movie.  It is violence free and can even be shared with younger people.   I bought a copy for myself and gave my mother one for Mother's Day. She also loved it.
0446698342|5.0|This is my first Nicholas Sparks book I have ever read. My boss asked if anyone wanted to borrow this book and I didn't even know what it was about so I did any way. I started reading and was hooked I purchased many more of his books after reading this one. I hope it will become a movie soon as well.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Great movie; a landmark in cinema. Also liked the BluRay also being included in the price.
B001992NUQ|5.0|This may be a great movie to watch if you have not seen in it a long time. I enjoy these types of movies and seeing how it was extremely cheap to purchase on blu ray as well I took it.
B001OPQIJM|5.0|Extraordinary concert. Superb recording. 180 gram vinyl sounds amazing. This is one of my best sounding vinyl records. I think this is the best record from Diana Krall. I prefer it over any studio record she has made. Her performance as a singer and pianist is exceptional.
B0036EH3WU|4.0|It's a vast mass of mysteries, bizarre twists and supernatural occurrences -- and it's brilliant. \\"Lost: The Complete Series\\" has some bumps along its way (particularly in the second season), but it blossoms once it finds its footing, and starts working towards a brain-bending, epic clash between the forces of light and darkness. Think of it as \\"Swiss Family Robinson\\" by way of Stephen King.<br /><br />A plane crashes on a remote tropical island, leaving a terrified band of survivors including a doctor named Jack (Matthew Fox), a spoiled brother and sister, a single dad and his strange son, an Iraqi ex-soldier, a Korean couple, chubby lottery winner, an escaped prisoner, a hostile con-man, a man cured of paralysis, and a junkie rocker.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the island has countless perils that crop up as the survivors try to survive there, and strange people are hidden in its depths. What's more, the island has a history that stretches back countless years -- there are remnants of a powerful organization called Dharma, a collection of \\"Others\\" living in a luxurious modern village, a metal hatch with a button that MUST be pushed, and ancient statues and temples from ancient times.<br /><br />The survivors do their best to keep alive and to fight back the Others, but they lose many of their number as they struggle to survive. And when a small band of them do escape the island, they find that they have somehow disrupted the island's primal forces, and even the fabric of time itself. But even when they fight their way back to the island, they find that not all is as it should be. In an effort to set things right, they must take the ultimate risk... or the evil force imprisoned on the island will destroy them all.<br /><br />Yes, it's a weird show -- \\"Lost\\" might make more sense if you're drunk or stoned, because it can swing wildly from the downright surreal to the mundane. But in the midst of shallow sitcoms and endless reality TV, it's refreshing to see a twisty-turny show like this one -- religious symbolism, horror, science fiction, and a mythic storyline that stretches through the centuries.<br /><br />The lush landscape is a contrast for such a dark storyline, although the writers do stumble occasionally (the first half of the second season is a total misfire). Adams never reveals everything, which keeps up the suspense, and he twines together dozens of mysteries -- the island's nature, its prior inhabitants, and its countless mysteries. Every time Adams unravels one puzzle, it just reveals a new one -- and while he fails to answer all the mysteries (Walt and the animals!), the answers to the main ones are truly spellbinding.<br /><br />And \\"Lost\\" is truly an ensemble show -- every character gets to shine (including some we don't care about), and flashbacks (and flash-forwards) reveal what makes them tick. Some like Jin, Sun and the haunted, smart-alecky Sawyer evolve into whole new people.<br /><br />Matthew Fox is given a lot of attention, and he is a good actor... even though the self-righteous Jack eventually gets kind of annoying. Fortunately, there's a brilliant supporting cast -- Dominic Monaghan, Jorge Garcia (\\"Dude, that was a Jedi moment!\\"), Terry O'Quinn, Evangeline Lilly, the brilliant Naveen Andrews and Josh Holloway, Yunjin Kim, Elizabeth Mitchell, and Daniel Dae Kim. Michael Emerson is awesome as the creepy-eyed Other leader, as is Henry Ian Cusick as ex-soldier/monk Desmond.<br /><br />\\"Lost\\" is a well-written, well-acted show that brings a bit of mystery back into prime-time television. Creepy, funny, romantic, tragic and sometimes just weird.eligious symbolism, horror, science fiction, and a mythic storyline that stretches through the centuries.     The lush landscape is a contrast for such a dark storyline, although the writers do stumble occasionally (the first half of the second season is a total misfire). Adams never reveals everything, which keeps up the suspense, and he twines together dozens of mysteries -- the island's nature, its prior inhabitants, and its countless mysteries. Every time Adams unravels one puzzle, it just reveals a new one -- and while he fails to answer all the mysteries (Walt and the animals!), the answers to the main ones are truly spellbinding.     And \\"Lost\\" is truly an ensemble show -- every character gets to shine (including some we don't care about), and flashbacks (and flash-forwards) reveal what makes them tick. Some like Jin, Sun and the haunted, smart-alecky Sawyer evolve into whole new people.     Matthew Fox is given a lot of attention, and he is a good actor... even though the self-righteous Jack eventually gets kind of annoying. Fortunately, there's a brilliant supporting cast -- Dominic Monaghan, Jorge Garcia (\\"Dude, that was a Jedi moment!\\"), Terry O'Quinn, Evangeline Lilly, the brilliant Naveen Andrews and Josh Holloway, Yunjin Kim, Elizabeth Mitchell, and Daniel Dae Kim. Michael Emerson is awesome as the creepy-eyed Other leader, as is Henry Ian Cusick as ex-soldier/monk Desmond.     \\"Lost\\" is a well-written, well-acted show that brings a bit of mystery back into prime-time television. Creepy, funny, romantic, tragic and sometimes just weird.
B002ZCDR88|5.0|I've been a fan of Natalie since the early years of 10,000 Maniacs. This 2 CD set? A brilliant concept for an amazing artist.<br /><br />I know less then 1/3 of the children's poems she has put to music and quite a few of the songs are ballad-like. If you're looking for a CD full of upbeat music you can dance to or workout to, this isn't it... If you're looking for a CD full of songs with meaning -- and some just pure silliness -- this is well worth your money.
B0036EH3XE|4.0|When we last saw the \\"Lost\\" gang, they had set off a nuclear bomb so the timeline would be reset. Well, obviously things don't go so smoothly, or the series would have ended LAST season.<br /><br />And it serves as the springboard for \\"Lost: The Complete Sixth And Final Season,\\" which serves as a brilliantly brain-twisting finale for this unspeakably weird series. JJ Abrams doesn't quite manage to wrap up all the countless plot threads he's introduced, but he does manage to provide a semi-satisfying finale for the vast \\"Lost\\" saga and its many characters.<br /><br />In the aftermath of the nuclear bomb, the survivors find themselves being taken captive by a mysterious man (Hiroyuki Sanada) at an ancient temple. At the same time, the Man in Black begins seducing people over to his side, while Jacob's ghost works to get a replacement for his position on the island. And Charles Widmore has finally arrived on the island for reasons of his own, dragging a reluctant Desmond with him.<br /><br />In another timeline (one where the island is underwater and nobody ever went there), the plane lands safely in L.A. But the fates of the people who were on that flight are still drawn together inexorably -- even though their pasts have been radically different. The history and secrets of the island are revealed, as well as why the people aboard Flight 815 were drawn into the island. And for the evil Man in Black to be stopped, one of the survivors will have to do something unbelievable.<br /><br />\\"Lost\\" has never been like other network TV shows, but the final season goes all out on the strange stuff -- we've got flashbacks to centuries (even millennia!) ago, two separate timelines, a large number of deaths, and the revelation that basically the entire series has been a yin-yang battle between light and darkness. The biggest problem: Not all the plot threads are neatly tied off, and not all questions are answered (why are the numbers BAD?).<br /><br />And the finale is a rather mixed bag -- it's not entirely satisfying, but things end on a haunting, philosophical note. Disappointing as a sci-fi story, but very powerful as a personal story.<br /><br />And the writers spare no emotion, wrenching out some truly powerful moments that mingle tragedy and pure beauty, such as the heartwrenching \\"Ab Aeterno\\" (in which we find out about Richard's past) or the painfully sad finale of \\"The Candidate.\\" And hanging over every episode is the haunted feeling that something terrible is about to happen (\\"'Cause if you don't... todos nos vamos al infierno\\") and that it will be epic.<br /><br />I still find Matthew Fox's Jack annoying (I laughed out loud when Dogen started pummeling him) but Terry Quinn is brilliant as the \\"evil Locke/Man in Black,\\" a genial villain with icy eyes; Michael Emerson's creepy Ben is fleshed out to perfection; Josh Holloway's hatred, sorrow and pain are explored; and Yunjin Kim and Daniel Dae Kim are ideal when their characters finally reunite. And Jorge Garcia is, as always, the show's heart.<br /><br />There's also some brilliant performances from the supporting cast -- Nestor Carbonell will break your HEART, Hiroyuki Sanada has a brief but excellent role, and Mark Pellegrino is eerie and a little sad.<br /><br />\\"Lost: The Complete Final Season\\" does not answer all the questions raised, and the finale is too oblique, but it does conjure up a brilliantly complex, powerful final arc for this unique TV show.ying, but things end on a haunting, philosophical note. Disappointing as a sci-fi story, but very powerful as a personal story.     And the writers spare no emotion, wrenching out some truly powerful moments that mingle tragedy and pure beauty, such as the heartwrenching \\"Ab Aeterno\\" (in which we find out about Richard's past) or the painfully sad finale of \\"The Candidate.\\" And hanging over every episode is the haunted feeling that something terrible is about to happen (\\"'Cause if you don't... todos nos vamos al infierno\\") and that it will be epic.     I still find Matthew Fox's Jack annoying (I laughed out loud when Dogen started pummeling him) but Terry Quinn is brilliant as the \\"evil Locke/Man in Black,\\" a genial villain with icy eyes; Michael Emerson's creepy Ben is fleshed out to perfection; Josh Holloway's hatred, sorrow and pain are explored; and Yunjin Kim and Daniel Dae Kim are ideal when their characters finally reunite. And Jorge Garcia is, as always, the show's heart.     There's also some brilliant performances from the supporting cast -- Nestor Carbonell will break your HEART, Hiroyuki Sanada has a brief but excellent role, and Mark Pellegrino is eerie and a little sad.     \\"Lost: The Complete Final Season\\" does not answer all the questions raised, and the finale is too oblique, but it does conjure up a brilliantly complex, powerful final arc for this unique TV show.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|My husband told me about this tv show when it premiered in 2005. I've been a fan ever since then. We have all of the dvd sets and plan to but the 5th season as soon as it's released.  We don't watch much tv, but we NEVER miss this show.  I was happy to hear there's going to be a 6th season.
B00009QG68|5.0|Watch this movie if you want to live.<br /><br />Terminator 2 is a great sequel!  John Connor is a little punk with a juvey record with the LAPD.  His foster parents aren't much better.  While he is taking joy rides and robbing ATMs, two Terminators arrive from the future.  One, the Arnold Schwarzenegger model, is there to protect John from the second one, the T-1000, made of liquid metal and can form any shape.<br /><br />The movie is mostly chase scene, really.  The unreal truck scene where this huge rig is flying off a bridge into the LA sewers.  Lots of car accidents ensue as John Connor dodges him.<br /><br />The scenes where people get terminated are especially gruesome:  John's foster father gets sliced through the head while drinking from a milk carton.  Not a pretty sight.  Or when a security guard says it's his lucky day before getting skewered in the eyeball.  Yuk.<br /><br />It does not take Sarah Connor long to learn that the Arnold model is her pal, as they ride through the streets of LA being chased by the T-1000.<br /><br />Family scenes are a bit intense as well:  After John gets his mom out, thinking he just saved her life, she yells at him how stupid he was for doing that and that he's much more important than she is.  *sniff*<br /><br />Another cool scene when they take the CPU out of Arnold's head.  She wants to smash it!  John says no, and 'if I'm supposed to be this great military leader, why not listen to some of my ideas once in a while?'  The dialogue is pretty good, though chain smoker Linda Hamilton does go a bit splooie sometimes -- probably due to her stay at the spin bin.<br /><br />Funny scenes:  John trying to teach Arnold to lighten up!  Hasta La Vista, Baby.  And how about that snake farm?<br /><br />Chilling scenes:  Children playing in a playground laughing just before a nuclear fireball.<br /><br />And of course the search for Dyson, the inventor of the cyber chip that starts Skynet (which he also got from the pieces of Terminator from film no. 1).<br /><br />The film is full of action and suspense, some humorous interludes and overall a fun, occasionally gory, sci-fi film.<br /><br />Highly recommended.ense, some humorous interludes and overall a fun, occasionally gory, sci-fi film.    Highly recommended.
B0036EH3XE|1.0|I wish I could travel back in time six years and tell myself not to watch this show.  The writers kept me watching with intriguing questions, and many years ago I realized that I would either love or hate the show depending on the answers to all those questions.  What is the smoke monster?  Who are the others?  What is the Dharma Initiative?  Will Jack and Kate be together in the end?  Do Jack and Kate stink after running out of deodorant and detergent?  We'll never know, because the writers never answered any of those questions.  They summed everything up by saying, \\"They all lived (in a way) happily ever after.\\"  I guess they figured viewers would be so happy that people got to be with the ones they loved in the end that we would overlook the fact that none of it made any sense.<br /><br />Throughout the show, the writers inserted interesting books and references to great thinkers to make the viewer think an underlying logic would tie everything together and make sense in the end.  They even made me hope the story would ultimately prove revolutionary or revelatory.  Instead, it turns out they used all those pseudo-literary references to trick the viewer into thinking they were deep and powerful thinkers.  The writers turn out to be juvenile pranksters with nothing more to say than, \\"Made you look.\\"  In the end, they said that reason doesn't matter.  Just believe, even if belief has no relationship to reality, and be comforted by the illusion.  We are supposed to be happy that Lost occupied 120 hours of our lives, and we should overlook the fact that all the questions remained unanswered.
B00006M183|2.0|Riot Act is about as good an example available to experience mediocre big time rock as you will find.  The band is great, the music is great, but who is that guy moaning the lyrics into the microphone.  Talk about pathetic.............  Somebody please teach this guy to sing, actually sing.
193413712X|4.0|In Tinkers, Harding tries to create a poetic novel in the great tradition of Melville and Hawthorne. (The latter even has a sort of cameo role in this book.) There's effort in every passage to elevate the everyday events of the novel into something universally apt and moving. Some times, the book succeeds marvellously. Other times, Harding overshoots his target and the writing becomes inflated and even unintentionally grotesque. The very first section is an example of this. A dying man hallucinates that his house is falling down around him. The reader is treated to a maelstrom of vivid imagery: bathtubs falling into the basement, the stars being sucked from the sky, et ectera. But after this whirlwind, the fact remains that it's based on a simple image-- a man equating his dying to a crumbling house. The extremity of the language make the image (IMO) grotesque. Another example of exagerrated imagery is this line: \\"[a woman's] hair pulled back so tight that she looked as if she were smiling (which she was not)\\". At first glance, it seems like a great description, but it's impossible to pull hair back so hard it makes your mouth smile. It's a cartoonish exagerration, and an example of Harding trying just way too hard to drag his book to greater heights.    The good news is that Harding succeeds at least as often as he overshoots. It's a good novel, and even though its ambition some times gets in its way, it's definitely worth reading.
031606792X|5.0|The conclusion to the twilight saga . . . maybe.  Bella has a little baby, and she is a biter . . . The big vampires want to kill it, of course . . . and gain Edward, Bella, and Alice into their fold.  When Bella (the Klutz) gains Vampire status . . . everybody better duck.  What are her powers, what can she do?    Make us all fall a little bit in love with her, is seems.    Attilla
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|Although I had seen this video when I rented it, several of my friends wanted to borrow it and then wanted their friends to see it. It is a perfect example of what is wrong with US health care no matter what your politics and in spite of some exaggeration which is a good reason to see it.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|I believe that this is the best Batman saga put out to date.  It's dark and informative.  A lot of questions get answered that other colorful Batman movies just didn't deliver.  They make this Batman seem more human which is a plus.  Blu-Ray just makes it that much better!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|The Planet Earth series is brilliant.  The micro and macro cinematography blended with some astonishing layman's science leaves viewers profoundly influenced on many issues of the global environment as well as the beauty, power, and delicately-balanced relationships of our biology.
1560100842|5.0|Good stuff. I'm a comic book artist, but this still came in handy big time helping me to figure out posing, and actions, and even helped to improve my modeling and readability. Highly recommended.
B0037N6XR6|4.0|This is the 8th episode in the HBO adaptation of the popular Sookie Stackhouse vampire novels (the first episode is Strange Love, see my review there for the content description).<br /><br />This episode has Sookie at another low point as she fears the worst about Bill but Jason's new girlfriend, Amy, is there to take up the slack at the bar. Tara and her mother open a new chapter in their relationship without the \\"demon\\" inspired alcoholism standing between them.<br /><br />There are more special effects being used, mostly when Jason and Amy are using \\"V\\", and I'm not sure that it is adding to the overall story.<br /><br />This series is not for everyone and definitely not for younger viewers!<br /><br />CFH
0061537969|5.0|Don't be deceived by the simplicity of the opening \\"written\\" by a dog who believes what he sees in TV documentaries. This story has a few sucker punches that left me crying.    It is a story about love and family and loss and loyalty. With a few lessons from the track. And maybe a happy ending.    Very \\"ordinary.\\" No real pathology. But very real and very wonderful. I loved it.
B0037NGK6U|4.0|This is the 9th episode in the HBO adaptation of the popular Sookie Stackhouse vampire novels (the first episode is Strange Love, see my review there for the content description).<br /><br />The title of this episode translates as \\"The Joys of Love\\", which of course is ironic, in hindsight. Bill made a natural choice (to us) that he now has to answer for to the other vamps, which places Sam in an awkward position. Tara is so impressed with her mother's recovery that she considers getting some supernatural help herself. Meanwhile, Amy and Jason tap a fresh source of \\"V\\".<br /><br />There are more special effects being used, mostly when Jason and Amy are using \\"V\\", and I'm not sure that it is adding to the overall story.<br /><br />This series is not for everyone and definitely not for younger viewers!<br /><br />CFH
B003NS0PT2|5.0|If Walt were a psychopath, it would be so much easier for him.  However, he is not even close.  He is a bright middle aged guy of middle class values.  He loved and still loves his family. He was furious over getting cancer but is now in remission and the cancer seems scarcely worth mentioning compared to all of his other problems.Today Walter cannot get past a fly in his lab.  He is utterly obsessed on catching and killing this fly and cannot do anything else.  Jesse takes over killing the fly for him as Walt is so unhinged about it.  As Jesse goes about this, Walt ruminates blearily over his many regrets, including the death of Jesse's girlfriend. This is how someone goes about breaking down. Walt's entire inner being is now in torment because every value and belief he has is at war with what he does inside of him. Polish off another Emmy for actor Bryan Cranston as it looks like he'll make it three in a row for best actor.
B0037NEKDK|4.0|This is the 7th episode in the HBO adaptation of the popular Sookie Stackhouse vampire novels (the first episode is [[ASIN:B0037MNKDC Strange Love]], see my review there for the content description).<br /><br />While I didn't like the previous episode, \\"Cold Ground\\", this one was much more enjoyable. Tara and her mother take a trip way off the beaten path (both literally and figuratively) to cast out that troublesome demon. In an awkward series of events, Jason heads out to the vamp bar in search of \\"V\\" and meets a new character (Amy).<br /><br />This was one of the more creative chapters in the series.<br /><br />This series is not for everyone and definitely not for younger viewers!<br /><br />CFH
B000FQJAIM|5.0|Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you......  :>)    I SERIOUSly can NOT stop smiling when the DVD starts & the titles roll.....  goose bumps set in, I CRANK the volume & giggle.    THEN I destroy the movie by quoting the dialogue AS it plays.  :>)  BUT since I'm alone, it only ruins the experience for my bird!       Thank you, thank you, thank you.....
B000KEG94C|3.0|I love \\"Chicago\\" so much that already having the DVD didn't stop me from grabbing up this Blu-ray just as soon as I could (It was only my second blu-ray when I obtained it).<br /><br />I would love to be able to recycle the DVD but the Blu-ray does not replace the DVD and this is very disappointing.  I love the extras available in the DVD version, specifically deleted musical number \\"Class\\" performed by Catherine Zeta-Jones and Queen Latifah.  Blu-ray isn't so much better that it warrants doing without the extras.  I have gathered that this is not unusual for blu-rays.. that they are missing previously released material... I don't understand or appreciate it.  I will be doing my homework before trying to \\"replace\\" a DVD again.
B002ZRPQ5K|2.0|a disaster; if they want to sell a single why don't just record it, so people with other \\"musical\\" taste buy it and us, the fans, save a little money.
B001G0MFOM|2.0|My girlfriend and I were both disappointed with this final season.  First off, the season only consisted of 8 episodes, so if you're smart you'll buy it cheap because it is not worth the $45 they're charging at Target or Best Buy!  This is what began my experience with season 6...I open the box and realize that they only shot half the number of episodes than what a normal season contains.      The second aspect of season 6 that was disappointing is that the entire season revolved around Jenny.  I think the consesus is out, Jenny is nothing but frustrating...so I don't know why the entire final season revolves around Jenny.      All in all, this final season is a disappointing, unresolved mystery about who killed Jenny.  I don't recommend it, but if you're into the series until the end like we were, then my one line of advice is find somewhere that sells it cheap!
B00386EZJU|4.0|This is very nearly a top level soundtrack. Well worth the money to me. Many hours of enjoyment.
B00005R23S|4.0|I have never seen Springsteen live.  I like his music (though disagree with his politics).  This show looked like it was a lot of fun for the band, joking around with each other and such, and was likely fun for the crowd as well.  I must say however that Springsteen himself surely thinks a lot of himself and it showed.      They played many hits I'd want to hear, but the glaring omissions were \\"Promised Land\\", anything from Tunnel Of Love, \\"Cover Me\\", \\"Glory Days, \\"Dancing in the Dark\\", \\"Hungry Heart\\", \\"Cadillac Ranch\\" and more.  I know you can't get everything but there were a number of songs performed here that could have been replaced with something better.    Highlights were Badlands and Born To Run.  I give it **** since overall it was a very entertaining and enjoyable show.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|After the show ended I was still thinking about the ending and what it really meant.  This is the first show where I really devoted thought to and I wasn't disappointed.  I like how even after the ending the viewer is left with questions and ultimately those questions give rise to personal interpretation.  Awesome series.
B0000C7PQK|4.0|there are some scraches on the cd , but it works perfect. i am satisfied.
0307588335|1.0|I could barely make it through the first 50 pages of this book because, from the start, the author seemed like an insufferable know-nothing who saw a chance to cash in on the demise of his old firm.  I don't have an axe to grind with Lehman, the government, other banks or anyone else for that matter, but I turned to this book hoping for an interesting and clear insider explanation of Lehman's failure.  Instead, I got a poorly written, self-serving account that didn't go beyond what I could have cobbled together from various Wall Street Journal and New York Times stories.  Thank goodness I checked it out from the library and didn't pay for this book in any other currency than the time I can never get back.
0783233477|2.0|Why did death have to make brad pitt get creamed by a car ..wouldn't his body be all mangled..oh ..it's Hollywood and they needed a big SHOCK scene.. why not just have him have a heart attack..so much of it is like this ..if Death is watching us why?? why is he like the Terminator when he shows up and can someone PLEASE tell Hollywood to stop making all their movies about Billionaires ..you want real love ..passion..family, talk to a post man or a cop ..Hollywood..BLAH.....
B0036EH3XE|1.0|I really thought they were going to answers some more of the questions. Isn't that what they kept claiming on the commercials for the final episodes? I don't watch TV to have someone force their religious beliefs on me. I watched Lost for the quality entertainment it provided, and that was not present in the last episode. It really was a lame way to tie it all up. Online they are referring to it as a bait and switch scheme, and I can't agree more. Where were the answers??? LAME!! If I wanted to think about what it all means I would read a book. I watch TV to be spoon fed. I don't want to assume my own conclusions. That's retarded; basically I could assume whatever I want. I can read into it whatever I like. That's such a sorry cop-out. Well that being said I think the first seasons were great, and then they let it slip out of their hands at the end. They tried to make it something it wasn't. Well obviously I hated the ending.
B001HN694K|4.0|Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland starts off like sense and sensibility with a bunch of stuffy British elite playing match maker with Alice. The humor at first is subtle. Alice is proposed to by an oafish snob, she then excuses herself to think over a decision. During that time she runs off into the woods and falls down a hole. She is then transported into wonderland.  She meets all her old snarky friends that seem to have a bad attitude at first. I was thinking that her friends would turn on her but they stayed loyal to Alice throughout the movie. Throughout the movie all of the characters had  snarky one-liners and whimsical attitudes that gave the movie depth and vitality. The entire movie felt like a journey very similar to the Disney cartoon Alice in Wonderland and Return to Oz. There wasn't anything original in this movie. Tim Burton borrowed from the classics and created his own version. And I think he did a good job at it. The movie lost a little steam towards the end. Alice has a one on one predictable battle with a serpentine dragon. Christopher Lee provided the voice for the dragon and spoke half a line which was very disappointing. A legend like Christopher Lee deserves more than that. Then the giant battle sequence lasted for about 2 minutes before the dragon was beheaded. So don't expect a 30 minute epic battle like that in Lord of the Rings. Soon after that the obnoxious red queen was exiled out of the wonderland.    The majority of the time I couldn't understand what Johnny Depp was saying. His dialogue was muffled and riddled with obfuscation. Aside from prancing across a dinner table and helping Alice fly across a lake, he came out in three comical scenes. The first is when he was to be beheaded and he vanished into thin air to later be seen hiding behind the red queen's throne. The second scene is when Johnny Depp created an array of hats for the Queen's giant head, and third Johnny Depp did a silly and abrupt Michael Jackson-esque dance towards the end of the movie. Sadly, this movie ended abruptly and it could have used a few more plots and a better script. At times a few of the actors seemed bored with the uninspired script. The best characters were the caterpillar and the super-friendly Cheshire cat. Both characters had the best one-liners and the best special effects. The cinematography and special effects were colorful and brilliant throughout each scene. And the acting was mostly well-done despite issues with an uninspired script. Don't expect anything original because this movie is a blend of the Alice in wonderland cartoon and Return to Oz.
0060005696|2.0|This book would have been better off being a pamphlet someone can pick up, flip through & then throw away (or recycle if you want to get as butt-hurt as Barry Schwartz).    His initial story of buying a pair of jeans should really serve as a warning for the rest of the book. If the gentleman writing the book has trouble grasping the fact that jeans are now made to fit more body-types comfortably, he must lack some common sense of how a competitive market works. (If you manage to see him speech on [...] you can notice that even for a filmed presentation he chooses  to dress like a slob. Furthering the point that he seems like a grumpy old man attempting to keep up with change, all while fumbling.)     Most of the statistics presented in the book come across as \\"fluff\\" and would cut out at least 20 pages. I'm not the least bit interested in the 300-some cookies and crackers he counted at his supermarket.    It could be the way he presented his arguments, but a lot of it seemed like common sense. His interpretation of the average  consumer is as frightening as it is concerning because it gives a bleak outlook of the future of humanity.    Although I make it seem like I would slap his head into a table if I had the chance, he did ignite a fire within me as far as disagreeing and disliking the book. With that, I award him with two-stars.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|The BD Room Blue Ray movie of Avatar is the clearest, crispisted movie I have ever seen in my life. It brings the scenerey to life right in your living room and is absolutely beautiful. The sound quality is like nothing you've ever heard before as well. James Cameron did a fantastic job, everything fell into place, from the store line to the special effects and scenery, it had it all. He is a very talented individual, thanks for the wonderful ride.
0440242401|5.0|I loved the Undomestic Goddess, which had me reconsider my original dismissal of Sophie Kinsella (I didn't completely relate to the Shopaholic books). So I picked up Remember Me on a whim at an airport, and it stayed on the shelf for 3 months. I then proceeded to devour the entire book in 3 hours. I couldn't stop reading it. The story was brilliantly paced, perfectly silly, deliciously girly and highly entertaining. I am impressed!
B002DW92SE|4.0|So far I haven't read a novel by Nick Hornby that I didn't like (though I have not read his whole canon). Some more than others of course, by Juliet, Naked surely ranks as one of his most entertaining and engrossing. There is a bit of everything in it, from considerations about the meaning of life to an analysis of musical cults, from an exploration of (largely failed) fatherhood to, of course, the complexities of love. It's the story of a musician who briefly reached fame and glory, then suddenly disappeared from the public eye (for reasons that do become clear by the end). Over the years, an internet cult of aficionados develops around his career, complete with discussions of \\"sightings\\" which are not actually real, and of course the ever hopeful possibility of a sudden new album release. When the latter finally does happen things get in motion and we are treated to a number of interestingly nuanced characters - other than the musician in question -  that make Juliet, Naked such an enjoyable read (interestingly, one of the least developed characters is precisely the Juliet of the title). Perhaps my particularly positive response to this novel is in part due to the contrast with a fairly horrible one I was also reading at the time, Sunnyside by Glen David Gold (which I also reviewed at Amazon), but I don't think so, Hornby's stands entirely on its own. This is fictional writing at its best: engaging, thoughtful, yet punctuated with lighter moments that make for a pleasant after-reading glow.
0060392886|4.0|I don`t read a whole lot of books. but I read this one in 4 days. The ups and the downs are all there, but the sideways angle seems to be the best sometimes.     If you think you`ve heard the craziest Ozzy Osbourne story you could hear, then definitely get this book. You won`t be disappointed. Not to mention the other guys.............
0439023483|5.0|The Hunger Games is clearly meant for marathon reading. When I started, I originally thought that I would get bored and stop reading, but it proved me wrong. It is set in futuristic Panem, a post apocalyptic country in what used to be North America. The Capitol, in the Rocky Mountains, controls everything in the 12 Districts.  Each district produces a certain thing' for example, District 4 is on the coast and has fishers, District 12 is on the other side of the country, in the Appalachian Mountains, and has coal miners, District 11 is in the Plains and farms, etc. In the past, there was also a District 13, in present-day New England. District 13 was destroyed 75 years before in the resistance against the government.<br /><br />The story begins in District 12, the poorest of all, with Katniss Everdeen preparing for the annual Reaping. After the resistance, the Capitol came up with a yearly televised event called The Hunger Games. 2 girls and 2 boys from each district are chosen as tributes at random each year at the Reaping and are forced into an Arena in the Capitol to fight to the death. The last tribute standing is the winner, and them and their district is showered with gifts and food. Katniss's younger sister, Prim, is 12 and is about to go to her first Reaping. Although her name is only in the mix once out of hundreds, Prim's name is called. Immediately, Katniss rushes to the stage to fill in. The male tribute, the baker's son Peeta, helped Katniss years before when she and her family were literally starving by giving her a loave of bread although it meant a beating for him. She says goodbye to everyone and is presented with a small pin of a Mockingjay, a Capitol created bird used to hear and replay what rebelling districts were saying. This becomes her one district symbol to wear inside the Arena.<br /><br />She is then whisked off to a train and taken with Peeta to the Capitol. On the train, they formally meet only surviving winner from District 12, a drunken Haymitch. He agrees to become sober long enough to help one of them win. When they finally arrive, they are overwhelmed by the abundance of food and wealth in the Capitol when most districts are starving. With only a few days until the Games begin, they have a lot to do, starting with the parade of all tributes on chariots riding through the Capitol. Each district must dress their tributes according to the job of that district. Most years, District 12 tributes dress in miner's suits, but this year the stylist has a different idea. Peeta and Katniss dress in black shirts and pants, and once it's dark, an illusion of flames flies up on the black. The crowd loves them, and labels Katniss as the girl who was on fire. At the training sessions, they are told to save their best abilities for the private training sessions, during which the Gamemakers give the tributes a number-1 being the worst or least likely to win, and 12 being the best or most likely to win. Katniss grew up illegally hunting with a homemade bow and arrow that her now dead father made for her, so she is exceptionally skilled in archery. She shows that in the private session, but becomes annoyed with the Gamemakers being more interested in their lunch than her and shoots an arrow at their food. She then smiles and walks out. Surprisingly, she gets an 11-the highest score out of all of the tributes. At the interview, Katniss and Peeta are dressed in formal wear with another fire theme; she wears a jeweled yellow, orange, and red dress and he wears a suit with fire accents. When it's her turn, she spins and the crowd loves her even more. When it's his turn, he bravely confesses his love for her.<br /><br />The cameras go to her to see a shocked and slightly offended face. Peeta and Katniss are now known as star crossed lovers, as either one or both must die by the end of the Games. Now, they must pretend to be in love to get sponsors. When it begins, the Arena is revealed as a forest. The Cornucopia is inthe center, filled with weapons, food, and supplies, with items of lesser value the further away you get. When the gong rings, Katniss takes a sheet of plastic and a backpack and runs into the trees to get away from the bloodbath and find water and shelter. She sleeps in a tree in the sleeping bag that was in her bag. In the night, she hears Peeta with a group of careers, rich tributes that have been training their entire life for this. She feels he's betrayed her but manages to survive. Soon, she befriends a 12 year old tribute named Rue, who helps her stay away from danger and find food. While planning on raiding the Career's camp full of food and supplies, a mine goes off and Katniss loses hearing in one ear. When she finds Rue, she is being attacked by a boy. Rue is stabbed and soon dies in Katniss's arms. Katniss shoots the boy with an arrow she got when she indirectly killed a girl with poisonous bugs. She finds shelter when an announcement comes on saying there may be 2 winners if the last 2 tributes are from the same district. She searches for Peeta and finds him incapacitated by a river. They make camp in a cave. At this point, only Katniss, Peeta, a boy, a girl, and a career named Cato are left. They are called to the Cornucopia to retrieve something \\"very important to them.\\" With Peeta dying from blood poisoning, Katniss goes and is stabbed but makes it back. Healed, Peeta accidently kills a girl by leaving poisonous berries out. Finally, the final battle takes place and Cato is killed. The announcer comes back on saying the previous announcement was revoked and there can only be one victor, forcing either Katniss or Peeta to die. They decide to each eat the poison berries and both die, but at the last second they are stopped and taken up as co-victors. At the interview, Katniss finds out that the leg that Peeta had blood poisoning in was replaced with a fake leg. The government is furious with Katniss for trying to mock the Capitol's games by almost committing suicide. She claims to have been driven crazy by love and making bad judgments. On the train back home, Haymitch lets it slip that Katniss never really loved Peeta and it was just an act for publicity. He is furious and continues the act just for the public. The book ends with them leaving the train holding hands.weapons, food, and supplies, with items of lesser value the further away you get. When the gong rings, Katniss takes a sheet of plastic and a backpack and runs into the trees to get away from the bloodbath and find water and shelter. She sleeps in a tree in the sleeping bag that was in her bag. In the night, she hears Peeta with a group of careers, rich tributes that have been training their entire life for this. She feels he's betrayed her but manages to survive. Soon, she befriends a 12 year old tribute named Rue, who helps her stay away from danger and find food. While planning on raiding the Career's camp full of food and supplies, a mine goes off and Katniss loses hearing in one ear. When she finds Rue, she is being attacked by a boy. Rue is stabbed and soon dies in Katniss's arms. Katniss shoots the boy with an arrow she got when she indirectly killed a girl with poisonous bugs. She finds shelter when an announcement comes on saying there may be 2 winners if the last 2 tributes are from the same district. She searches for Peeta and finds him incapacitated by a river. They make camp in a cave. At this point, only Katniss, Peeta, a boy, a girl, and a career named Cato are left. They are called to the Cornucopia to retrieve something \\"very important to them.\\" With Peeta dying from blood poisoning, Katniss goes and is stabbed but makes it back. Healed, Peeta accidently kills a girl by leaving poisonous berries out. Finally, the final battle takes place and Cato is killed. The announcer comes back on saying the previous announcement was revoked and there can only be one victor, forcing either Katniss or Peeta to die. They decide to each eat the poison berries and both die, but at the last second they are stopped and taken up as co-victors. At the interview, Katniss finds out that the leg that Peeta had blood poisoning in was replaced with a fake leg. The government is furious with Katniss for trying to mock the Capitol's games by almost committing suicide. She claims to have been driven crazy by love and making bad judgments. On the train back home, Haymitch lets it slip that Katniss never really loved Peeta and it was just an act for publicity. He is furious and continues the act just for the public. The book ends with them leaving the train holding hands.
0756656230|5.0|Great info, incredible pics.  While not exhaustive or completely comprehensive, the two books combined give a great history of the Lego toy and minifigure.
B002T9H2L0|4.0|The movie was great but, my Blu-Ray player would play everything on the disk except the movie. I updated the firmware on the player and it still wouldn't play.  From from what I read on the internet no movies by universal will play on this Blu-Ray player because Phillips won't update the firmware.
0891419063|5.0|This is a extraordinary story of how normal guys become Marines and defeat the well prepared and well trained Japanese.  E. B. Sledge's style is outstanding.  He weaves seemingly insignificant circumstances with major actions to provide a complete story of what he and the other Marines went through during their island campaigns.  What a price these Marines paid for our freedom;  therefore every American should read this book and hope we would answer the call as Sledge and his fellow Marines did.
1423113381|3.0|Riordan's Lightning Thief was one of the best, most inventive, most exciting Young Reader Fantasy books I've read in a long, long time. I think that was the pinnacle book of the series, after which it steadily went downhill--whether because the originality of the series was no longer there or because the author lost steam regarding the concept, who can say for sure. So I was very excited when I picked up this book: first in a new series, by a writer who grabs you instantly and never lets go, about Egyptian gods this time--a mythology I don't know much about, as opposed to the Greek mythology.     The book definitely has its steady sequences of thrilling action scenes that race after one another without giving the reader a chance to come up for air (like in the Percy Jackson series), and the gods are amusing as well (though they have a strong hint of recycled Greek mannerisms), but the main characters, while wonderfully powerful in very cool ways, just aren't very interesting. I think the problem is the two first-person POVs and the recorder-writing style. I would get halfway through a chapter and suddenly forget who the \\"I\\" was--more disturbing: up to that point it didn't seem to matter. They each have their own personalities (Riordan knows how to write characters), but I think for the next book Riordan should simplify the story with one third and one first person POV, or two thirds--and also get rid of the recordings, please.    While nowhere near as good a start as Thief, there are so many good avenues Riordan can take concerning the series and its mythology (I especially like how the characters are constantly trotting around the globe, where Percy was basically confined to America) that I'm very excited for the next offering.
B000BSLU2S|5.0|I got this thermal compound when I upgraded my HP PC from the stock single core Athlon 3800+ CPU to a dual core Athlon 64 X2 4400+.  This was recommended as being the best so I went with it. The new chip normally runs in the 36 - 38 degree range on both cores so I guess it is doing fine with this compound. This is a couple of degrees higher than the orginal chip, but then we are talking a lot more power. It seems to be well toward the lower end of the operating range and I am still within the 200 or so hour \\"breakin\\" period after which claims are the temp should settle down a couple more degrees. I am pleased.
B000JMKRKC|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much, I scrounged for more books like it.  I've learned that this is considered a modern gothic novel, so I'm going back to read some of the classics.  I can't explain what I found so compelling, but this is one of the few books I will be rereading on a regular basis.  Once you started, you couldn't put it down.
B00005BIIP|5.0|Just to let everyone know who is willing to throw down hundreds of dollars on a cd that this is officially being re-issued on September 6th, 2010.  Apparently, it's just a straight re-issue with the same artwork and track listing.  Now if they can only re-issue XM and XMII and have a physical release of Futile and Rockapalast...
B00082ZS5W|5.0|What else could I say than what you see!? Amazing...excellent sound quality! One of the best live DVD's I have ever seen (and I have many)!!
1416562605|4.0|We often think of the English novel as being grounded in a class system, but this first novel by Aravind Adiga is certainly dripping with the resentments and inequalities of a structured class system. The Indian sub-continent's class system leads to considerable inequalities and this book explores the repressed rage that a young man experiences as he is the victim of the class system and those in the upper classes who exploit those below. Yet, even in India, the modern world seeps through with its own dog eat dog classism that is derived from Capitalism. So we have the story of naive Balram Halwai, a poor kid who is selected to leave his village and go to Delhi to be the driver for the landlord's son. Gradually Balram's perspectives change and grow and he begins to see how classism and repression cause the repressed to turn against each other, never seeing a way out of the repression. Yet the book reveals that often those in privileged classes also don't understand the roles and opportunities they have been given. They are all tied together in a system that does not allow the brightest and best to emerge in a society that badly needs both the brightest and best to be recognized and supported. Instead we get corruption, which threatens to pull Balram down just as he sees some light out of the tunnel he has been born into. A unique reading experience for Westerners unfamiliar with India and its class structure. The book is an excellent reading experience, clever, witty, and unique.
B002VECM4A|3.0|O K
B0027VSZMA|5.0|I'm a fan of Frank Lloyd Wright as well as a fan of historical fiction, so I loved this fictionalized account of Frank and his lover, Mamah Borthwick Cheney. It's both a page turner and a tragedy. It is not graphic. I was reminded of Tiger Woods' recent comments that his sense of entitlement led him on to his sexual indiscretions. If you got that, you'll gain some insight into the brilliant but tragic figure that was Frank Lloyd Wright. This account does not make light of the lovers' choices. They gave up everything to be with one another. Bolstered as she was by the tenets of twentieth century feminism found particularly in Ellen Key, Mamah's decisions left her in the end with little else but Frank. And as for Frank----?
0780626494|4.0|I'm no huge fan of Alicia Silverstone and am nearly always annoyed by Brendan Fraiser, but I saw Blast From the Past on a recommendation from a website I've been reading for years. I enjoyed it greatly, and have since watched again with most of my family.<br /><br />Though it isn't the funniest or the most exciting film you'll ever see, Blast From the Past is quality entertainment for anyone and everyone. It centers on a silly premise, but the underlying themes are important and uplifting. A strongly recommended romantic comedy!
B00005JMJ4|4.0|...The disc was loose inside the case. This could have happened during the shipping process and once I inspected the disc and played it through till the end, there were no damages. Would buy a DVD from this seller again!
B000EHSVQ4|4.0|This is a greatly improved version of the movie, it provides more back story and explains and explores the characters much further than the film released in the theatres.
B00375LMGQ|4.0|I first read Brideshead Revisited at the University of Wisconsin in the mid-1960s. Then I read it for its wonderful characterizations and dialogue and for the fascinating, to me, glimpses into the mores of pre-war England, as well as for its elegiac view of traditional English culture. (I also wondered frequently what, exactly, was going on between Charles and Sebastian!)    All of those aspects remain interesting, but this time I concentrated on the theme stated by Waugh himself in his preface--'the operation of divine grace on a group of diverse but closely connected characters'. I don't want to give away the plot because it's a good one. Left to myself, I would have guessed that the theme had to do with the many varieties of love, but can see, after re-reading the book, what Waugh meant to do. There are many varieties of love among the group of people who populate this story, and Waugh considers them all to be precursors, or 'forerunners' of love for their Christian god. Waugh himself, like many midcentury English intellectuals, was a convert to Roman Catholicism.    I certainly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys the English novel. It's more serious and more philosophical than Waugh's satires but has its own charms.    This is Waugh's revised 1959 edition of the book originally written in 1944 during an army furlough. Critic Frank Kermode has written an introduction and there's a brief preface by Waugh for the new edition. Also included is an interesting chronology of Waugh's life, paralleled by corresponding literary and historical events. There's also a bibliography of his works.    This Knopf Everyman's Library hardcover edition is quite attractive, with shots from the movie tie-in on the dust jacket. I had one small complaint about the physical book--the inner margins are quite narrow.    A postscript--The main character, Charles, has two children, Caroline and John. His wife insists on calling the son Johnjohn, much to Charles's dismay. This is curious, no?     I received an advance review copy from the publisher.
0385504225|4.0|I had just sat down at \\"my\\" table in the mall restaurant, taken this book out of my bag and placed it on the book-stand, I had set up on the table, when the guy in the next booth leaned over and said. \\"That is a GREAT book\\". Presumably that is closer to popular view than is that of the average reviewer previously published by Amazon.  Unfortunately, I am more in line with the Amazon minority than with the vast majority of readers.  Briefly, the chase, the thriller part, works well; one gets caught up by the characters and situation, and is gripped by the desire to see how it all works out. Despite, his lack of the literary flair possessed by many others in the field, he carries one through the story.   Speaking only for myself, there is one big problem, the \\"symbology\\"; confronted by all the double-helixes, cross-hyperbs, macra-mishmashes, pseudo-hassenfaffers, my eyes glaze over, my mind seeks escape in sleep. My solution to this  dilemma is to skip through page after page until I get to more action. I would guess that I ended up reading perhaps half the book with sufficient enjoyment to recommend the book to others (on condition that they do the same that I did). In doing so, I must admit, they will avoid learning what it is that made Brown one of the seven wonders of the publishing world, with a million copies of this book sold on its first sale day and more than five million copies sold by the end of 2009. With that kind of appeal, on top of the mega-sales of The Da Vinci Code, Brown does well to ignore any advice on writing I might have provided.  In sum, I would tell the potential reader to borrow the book, read it as it came from the author's hand, and make your own judgment. It is a phenomenon;  one might just as well participant in it. However, if the urge does come over you to skip a page or two, here or there, be assured that you are not the only one to be so moved. If you find it engrossing, you are in the company of the vast majority who have found it to be a splendid read.
B001NEK2GE|4.0|I've been using the Logitech G13 for about a month.      Hardware:  Love it!   I would make very few changes to it.  It would have been nice to have an adjustable wrist pad to accommodate hands of various sizes.  Also would have been nice if the cord was detachable on the pad itself.  The cord is quite long and it would have been nice to replace it with a short cord.     Software:  Mostly love it.  Now that I know how to use it, there isn't anything I can think of that I can't actually do.  A bit cumbersome to do the initial setup, but once everything is setup, moving from app to app & profile to profile isn't cumbersome at all.  You don't even think about it anymore... it just works.    Documentation:  What documentation?  1 star - I hope you're good at doing Google searches, browsing forums, and/or have friends you can call.  This is the worst part of the G13.    I bought this primarily for World of Warcraft -- although it can be used with ANY application and I don't just mean games.  The profiler application that comes with the G13 allows you to define profiles for each application you use.  The G13 drivers are context-sensitive to your applications.  As you switch from application to application on the screen, the key mapping changes to whatever you've configured for each app.     The profiler normally only wants a single profile per application.  You CAN have multiple profile per app, (e.g. suppose you have multiple characters in World of Warcraft and need to map the buttons differently for each character) but if you do you will need to enable \\"profile cycling\\".  BTW if you really do have multiple characters in WoW there's a different way to handle this that doesn't involve making lots of profiles and using profile-cycling.  I'll mention that at the end of the review.    There are also a number of applets that can run on the LCD display.  You can manually cycle these or allow them to cycle on their own every few seconds.  For example, there's a clock, a systemperformance monitor, a media player, etc.  There are also application-specific applets.     I didn't fall instantly in love with this keypad.  Oddly, it wasn't actually the keypad itself that I didn't like -- it was everything else that came with it (or rather, that DIDN'T come with it.)  It comes with instructions.  The instructions consist of a flimsy folded piece of paper with pictures trying to convey the idea that you should insert the CD and install the drivers BEFORE you plug in the keypad.  Ok, fine.  Then what?  That's pretty much it.  Trying to figure out how to take advantage of it was pretty much trial-and-error combined with lots of Google searching combined with a few phone calls to a friend who owns a Logitech G15 (fewer buttons than the G13 but it works the same way.)    Lastly, the buttons are generically labeled (of course) and there are a lot of them.  If you bought the keypad for gaming, you wont quickly remember which button you mapped to each in-game ability unless you've been practicing with it for quite a while.  Expect your game-play performance to initially go down while you get used to the keypad.  So it would be NICE if some generic paper-templates were included or even a PDF on the disk that lets you print your own.  This way you could label each button as a reminder of what action/command is bound to the button.  It would really have been great if the profiler app had the ability to print the mappings (BTW, it can print them, but it's just a list... it's not graphically arranged like the keypad.)    Ultimately, the single thing that accelerated my ability to get used to the device was this:  I created a large (full-size sheet of paper) template with the button configuration.  I mapped each ability to a button -- it took a while to consider which abilities are used most and layout the abilities in with some organization that actually makes sense (I had to re-map 2 or 3 times until I found a layout that really \\"worked\\" for me.)  I documented each ability on my template.  Then using a different color, I numbered the most-common \\"cast sequence\\" in the corners of each button (only for the common abilities that are used over and over).  Using the numbers, I was able to memorize the mental \\"pattern\\" of buttons that I would use over and over.  These are for the staple spells used in every encounter.  I then logically arranged the various situational spells.  The more it's used, the less you rely on the template.  I now only peek at the template to remember where I put seldomly used abilities.  BTW, I only mapped abilities that would be used \\"in combat\\" because these are things you want to be able to use quickly.  I don't care how long it takes to click abilities that are only used out-of-combat since we're not in a hurry.    Now that I understand how to configure it and can make it do anything I want, I really like it and don't want to give it up... but it took a while to warm up to that level.    If you play WoW, here's a tip I picked up a friend who worked for Blizzard.  World of Warcraft doesn't use CTRL+ALT+ 1-0,-,= (the keys along the top of the keyboard) nor do they use CTRL+ALT+SHIFT+ 1-0,-,=.  That gives you 24 unused key bindings.  The G13 has 24 buttons (well, 25 if you count the joystick as a button).  Create a new WoW profile (you can clone the profile that comes with the G13 by exporting it, then re-importing it under a new name and this will let you preserve all the macro/aliases that were pre-defined rather than have to re-create them from scratch.)  Map the 24 keys to the 24 unused keybindings I mentioned above.  This gives you a generic binding for WoW that initially doesn't do anything useful.  In the WoW key-bindings menu (in the game) there's a checkbox to use \\"Character specific\\" key bindings.  Turn that on.  Then use the secondary bindings.  Find an ability in-game and click it's secondary binding button on the menu.  Then just push the button on the G13 you want mapped to that ability.  As you switch characters in game, you can uniquely map each characters bindings all using the same profile.
B0039UTDA6|1.0|Life is spectacular, beautiful, and amazing.  And it's utterly ruined yet again by having some horrible American lady who has no idea what she's talking about doing the narration.  Attenborough is a living legend and an amazing man - why on earth do they think that we Americans don't want to hear him?
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This is one of the most stunning and mind-blowing movie I have ever seen. The scenery and vivid colors of everything makes you feel like you in heaven. The storyline is great and the action scenes are incredible.     Would recommend this DVD to anyone...!
B002K0WBY6|5.0|A fresh take on a familiar story, but well done,  Great cast, great writing, and although we all know where the movie will lead is, it is a fun ride getting there.  Yes, there are a few gratuitous silly moments, but they blend well, and do not overpower the well-paced story-telling.     Well suited for repeated viewings, it was an easy decision to buy a copy as opposed to rely on the occasional rental.
B000V86OKG|5.0|Borrowed the series from my daughter--had to have my own copy. Easy and fast to do on Amazon, and I think I got a decent deal.
B001ANSS5K|5.0|Lots of people try to capture what it is to be a teenage boy in their books, but I think John Green is still sixteen at heart, because he's the master. Paper Towns is no exception, from an unrequited love to a swampalicious adventure you'll feel like you knew this guy in real life.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|Can't get around it--this series is great--doesn't take itself too seriously and I like the interior dialogue. Had to have it and Amazon makes that part very easy.
B0039ZF8D2|4.0|I think it is a good album. I notice everyone else is giving it 5 stars. I reserve 5 stars for perfect albums that just blow me away-that dont leave my cd deck for months.  I think part of the problem is that I dont like to listen to rap and reggae  at the same time. Im usually in the mood for one or the other.And I am over the conscious rap thing. Nas verses are cool but hit or miss at times. The last track is perfect. I think Nas and Gong mesh perfectly.  Favorite tracks: friends, land of promise, nah mean, patience, africa wake up
030726999X|3.0|Our child-like protagonist returns, as does Blomkvist and company.....the last in the trilogy moves between Salander, Berger and Blomkvist as they attempt to bring down the corrupt entities operating withing Sweden's secret police.  But the story, in excess of 400 pages, drags on entirely too slowly and loses itself in too much \\"secret police\\" detail.  And although the Salander and Blomkvist portions keep the reader interested, there is too much \\"filler\\" in between...making for a tale that move's at a snail's pace.  Fans of the series will want to find closure in this tale....but many will likely be disappointed in the third installment..especially after the fast-paced second story.  Read it if you must, but if you don't you won't be missing much.
B00004XPPC|5.0|In my view, the WWII accounting of \\"Bridge over the River Kwai\\" was a masterpiece, not only of it's time, but a picture that has endured all the years hence as a classic work of film.  There was one glaring inattention to detail at the very end of the film - but it should be forgiven because many films of that era had similar omissions.  I guess they figured nobody would notice and if they did, they wouldn't care.    The story revolves around Prisoners of War, captured by the Japanese and taken to a remote tropical island, with virtually no chance of escape open to them.  They are soon to learn their mission as a \\"Captive Corps of Engineers\\":  to \\"build a bridge over the River Kwai\\" the only obstacle standing in the way of connecting two points for the purpose of moving men and supplies through the jungle. The soundtrack was remarkable; outstanding in it's simplicity yet rousing; designed as mental \\"cement\\" to hold the desperation at bay; allowing the viewer the experience of feeling the unseen bond keeping the men held \\"together\\" in a united front against the enemy through the music as much as through the visuals.  Nothing else could have done it quite so well for the viewer as this soundtrack does; like lemon juice in a vinagrette, it brings out the brightness; the courage that these ragged men possessed. The outstanding photography was truly beautiful - filmed in a tropical jungle setting, one almost feels the humid, sultry air, the agony besetting the soldiers who must endure through the weather as well as the trauma when they can barely stand, the gunshots that bring thousands of fruit bats bolting out of the trees into the air - starkly startling; a visual rush by the very suddenness of it.     In contrast, after Holden (Shears) makes good his first and only escape out of the jungle to the picturesque island base, the scene there is one of serene South Pacific beauty and tranquility - uninterrupted by the \\"real thing\\" and where soldiers \\"play at war games\\", preparing for that which they cannot hope to understand or discover in it's depth until they are launched into it; wherein there is no time to think, to plan; just react in split seconds and hope for the best, benefitting from the \\"make-believe\\" training if you can, dying if you didn't.     The cast of characters is splendid, and the film was peppered with Academy Awards well deserved in every category; with Alec Guiness brilliantly cast as the British Allied Commander Nicholson, who \\"goes by the book of discipline\\" in everything he does - and who is intent upon \\"giving the best performance\\" possible required of a military man, even if it meant doing it for the enemy - a mounting obsession that knows no limits; Suessue Hayakawa as the frustrated Japanese Colonel Saito who attempts to bring the bridge to completion despite his lack of engineering skills and manpower beyond the rebellious and infirm POW's he is expected to manage.      In one of the golden phrases, William Holden remarked during the last moments - \\"I've heard it said that in a job like this 'there's always one more thing to do' but I can't think of what it might be - except to wish you a long and happy life.\\"       This is an old movie, but I highly, highly recommend it as one worth watching for those who desire to go back in time and discover for themselves where the \\"roots\\" of filmmaking began to evolve into breathtaking \\"special effects\\", \\"method acting\\" and enchanting background scenery.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Amazing! - sums it up in one word. The picture quality, detail, narration is absolutely great! We watched it in full 1080p on a Samsung 55\\" LCD 120Hz TV. Definitely a must have for your Blu-Ray collection.
0547258305|2.0|I've seen so many great reviews of this book and how everyone loved it, but I just couldn't get into it. I really wanted to be able to like this book, and I hoped it would get better as I read further into it, but it didn't. I don't know, it was a very good idea for a story and Cashore's writing was fine, but the story line didn't do enough for me. It was very slow moving and it didn't seem like there was much going on in the story. I just think the story line could have been 'beefed up' a little more; adding in more action instead of just a long walk through the forest.
B0030IIYWA|5.0|I was only 6 years old when this movie came out. It was the Disney Film of my childhood. Everyone reading this review knows the film so I will just discuss the Disc itself. It is perfect. The colors are bright and the details are amazing. Looking at the texture of Slinky Dog's ears or Rex's skin you see details that you simply could not see before. The picture is perfect because it comes straight from the details source. Their are hours of bonus features including new ones for the Blu Ray release as well as many of the ones from the older DVD releases. And you get a DVD copy just in case you ever need it. If you Pixar films you will love this Blu RAy of the film that started it all.
0061801313|3.0|I enjoyed this series so much. The characters each have their own personality and they are all easy to relate to. My favorite part about the books is the note at the very end left by \\"A\\" just for us. I think that's really unique, and it definately made me want to read the next book that much faster. I hope that I'm able to pick up the rest of the books from this series soon and I'm really looking foreward to the TV show that's coming out in June.
B000002U9W|5.0|Very impressed with the price, the product and the rapidity with which it was received here, in Australia.<br />I will be buying here again.<br />John
0545123267|4.0|First of all, I love that the writing in this book is in blue ink instead of black, that's just awesome :). The book itself was a very good read. I liked how it was written from both of their sides so that you could see each of their views on what was happening. The story moved fairly quickly and kept me wondering if and when Sam would change into a wolf again. I think the only problem that I had with this book was how fast Sam and Grace seemed to fall in love. I know that they had watched each other for many years before Grace knew that it was Sam that was the wolf, but to me it seemed they moved rather quickly and there was no build up of their relationship.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to the next book, Linger, and I wonder if it will have green ink in the pages as the cover is green :0
B000UJCALI|5.0|When I first saw the 'Shining',many moons ago,it captured my imagination.I've seen the film at least a dozen times.Years later,I was reading books on the 'Illuminatie' and 'Secret Societies'.Also about Native Americans and the various tribes.I watched the film ,the 'Shining', again recently.This time on an intellectual level,of hidden meanings of overt images shown.It's sheer genius,around the table.Kubrick masterfully illumes the images from the darkness of hidden meanings.Stephen King pens a modern horror classic.And Jack Nicholson plays the part as if tailor-made for him.Kubrick,King and Nicholson all collaborated their element and it clicked.Fine acting,astute directing,and crafted writing all melded into an excellent creation here.Shelley Duvall and Scatman Crouthers were perfect auxillary players.Shelley,she represents the enslave Native American,in body and spirit.Scatman,he represents the Indian chief ,who turns over control of the land,to Jack Torrance,who represents the white European settler.The Indian is pagan,and the Pilgrim is christian.Wendy Torrance(Shelley)cooks and serves her husband,her master,eggs with bacon strips.The bacon represents the killed and deceased Indians of the native land,where the grand hotel now sets.Jack hardily eats the bacon and later hunts for more.The famous scene of Jack at the door pounding out,'Come out little pigs,or I'll huff and I'll puff',is a scene classic.Wendy realises that she will wind up like the rest of the slaughtered native peoples,killed during the Indian conflicts.When the Torrance family arrive Jack and Stuart Ullman,the hotel's chief manager,discuss the work and hotel history.Dick Hallerin(Scatman)oversees the hotel's supply inventory and physical operations.Dick takes both Wendy and Danny into the grand food pantry. Hallerin turns to little Danny Torrance and says,'How about some ice-cream,Doc?'.As Hallerin turns,right behind him,is a container of Calumet brand baking power.The logo has an Indian ,with afull head-dress.Kubrick shows that the spirit of the canned Indian is 'overlooking' Dick Hallerin,the negro caretaker,who has aquired the ability to commune with the trapped native spirit.The name of the hotel is the 'Overlook'.The double meaning here is the white European christians overlooked the virgin landscape,and fail to 'inner-look' at themselves and their society for western man's drunken irrationality and greedy ignorance.Native American motifs and Illuminatie Sun imagery are all around the screen,scene after scene. In a later scene,Jack awakens in the locked food-pantry.As Jack pounds on the door,there are some food products around him.Again we see the Calumet can,with the trade-mark Indian looking upward at a jar of Tang Orange powder.Tang was taken abroad the Apollo moon travels.The tangy orange logo represents the shining Sun and Apollo was the Greek god of the Sun.And leading towards Jack ,are boxes of 'Golden Rey' peaches.Perhaps Kubrick uses this imagery to show Jack Torrance is unaware of the shining rays of illumination,behind him and around him.Jack Torrance is a 'white man',yet lives in the 'dark',trapped by his illusions and those of his western thought.Jack is 'released' by the call to do his civil duty,by the former christian caretaker,Delbert Grady.Grady had murdered his wife and twin daughters,perhaps when they 'wandered' away from path of christian thought and morals.Grady's christian thinking has given him providence over the lives of his family.(Mass murderer John List claimed his family had been corrupted by the zeitgeist of day,and his religious convictions therefore allowed him the execute his entire family.)Grady's twin daughters were free to play and roam,like wild Indians.Grady's wife may have become amourous towards other guests or native spirits.The scene where Jack enters her room ,she's bathing and arises.She's nude,and now free of cloth vestiages that bound her to moral living.Jack approaches and the two embrace.Yet,the realityremerges.The old virago stands loudly cackling.Jack's delusions evaporate with the steamy bath mist.Jack Torrance wanted that mirage of unfettered romance and was left only with the horror of the ghastley murder.The last scene,Wendy and Danny trying to escape.Danny heads to the hedge-maze.Jack pursues him through-out,following his little footsteps.Danny backtracks and hides out in a snow-banked corner.Native Americans used this trick of 'false-feet' ,to throw off their enemies and lead them away from the true location.Danny then flees and out of the labrynthe maze.Jack,like the Minotaur man-beast,roams around in pain,looking for his next victim.Wendy helps Danny into the Snow-Cat truck and drives out.Come sun-rise,Jack Torrance is frozen solid,by the hedge-maze.I think Wendy leaves not with hatred towards christian society,but with a better understanding of the depths it can sink into and darkness it can bring out in people.And that the grand hotel is a modern christian structure.That may have trapped the troubled free-spirited Indian souls;both time,space and location.
0307454541|3.0|One of the fascinating aspects of Larsson's book is the thematic thread of female sexual and physical abuse in Sweden conveyed through statistics that mark the opening of many chapters.  These statistics not only imply the prevalence of female assault and molestation, but also the consequent fear of women to charge their assailants.  These stats, unfortunately, suggest a society that is derelict in its responsibility as well as possibly misogynistic to half of its population. From the beginning of the novel there is a hint of a mysterious female death decades earlier.  The book proceeds to the libel trial of a noteworthy Swedish journalist and his subsequent conviction.  After a slow start, the book picks up and it is truly a page turner until the last fourth when it is bogged down in unnecessary detail, impeded by stylistic devices that don't work and slow down the narrative thrust, and encumbered by unbelievable and excessive twists in plot.<br /><br />In fact, one might argue, Larsson has two books squeezed into one and as a result, he belabors the vengeance story after originally developing the murder mystery.  Consequently, the book attempts too much; the casualty is believability and characterization.  Larsson is a good storyteller, but for some of us who like fully drawn characters and a consistently believable storyline, the book does not deliver.  Finally, one asks whether the Swedes do fail to protect females and whether their rumored stance of moral relativity is, in fact, true.  A Scandinavian by heritage myself, I doubt that is true of the country as a whole, yet Larsson's book states female abuse is very pervasive in Sweden.  All in all, \\"The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo\\" is a loose conglomeration of every sensational theme and subject one could hope for in crime fiction.  As such, it is entertaining enough, but it rambles incessantly, is weakly crafted and in the final analysis, it is not particularly illuminating.  While it is not formula fiction, it is certainly not literary or psychologically driven fiction.  It is what it is:  a good read until the last when it falls down in all categories.<br /><br />One notices from the beginning that the prose is colorless.  This is not especially off-putting because the storyline moves quickly, and the subject is interesting, as are the characters, who are disparate and colorful.  Blomkvist, a bold journalist, arouses one's imagination by his seeming thoughtfulness at the beginning.  His adulterous lover and colleague, patrician beauty, Erika Berger, is intriguing as well.  Then place into the mix a tattooed, seemingly psychopathic young woman from a mysterious home situation whose anti-social temperament is legendary, and you have an interesting mix.  Compound that with a mysterious disappearance of a young woman forty years ago, and all the elements of a gripping read are set in motion.<br /><br />The young woman with the anti-social bent is a freelance investigator whose aid Blomkvist seeks in his investigation into the disappearance of Harriet Vanger, a relative of one of Sweden's most successful entrepreneurs.  Blomkvist, a lothario of sorts as well as a capable journalist, is hired by Henrik Vanger to write the Vanger Family biography and surreptitiously determine what happened to Harriet. Sapped of his own money and vulnerable to bankruptcy after his conviction, Blomkvist nevertheless repeatedly insists that he will not continue the project of investigating Harriet's disappearance, even though the offer itself seems preposterously generous and his repeated threats to discontinue the project totally unbelievable since Vanger has also offered as compensation to expose Blomkvist's enemy and thus restore the journalist's erstwhile reputation, support the magazine Blomkvist has caused to go defunct, and pay him up to five million dollars for his investigative efforts.  Unbelievably, even after he's hired, Blomkvist champs at the bit, repeatedly setting himself up to be fired or to become a target of others' malice.  Thus, his behavioral calculations appear juvenile.  Moreover, his amorous relationships with Erika Berger and Lisbeth Salander strike the reader as the \\"stuff\\" of male fantasy and therefore, somewhat ridiculous.  We can accept all this in the name of a good story, however, as long as the storyline holds up.<br /><br />And for quite a while it does.  I found myself wading through much of the genealogical detail, a testament to the fact that my curiosity was adequately piqued.  I found Salander's character interesting because she is stunningly unconventional.  A child of undefined parentage, her lack of communication and her obsession with exposing others' secrets, is, if not fascinating, at least interesting.  The love story of Erika Berger and Mikael Blomkvist fades into the background as the book progresses, and Lisbeth Salander and Blomkvist become close.  While this is not unbelievable, it doesn't ring true either.  Still, one reads on because Salanger's feral presence holds our attention, even if we don't quite believe her and are not allowed enough glimpses into her personality through internal passages or dialogue to identify with her or understand her motives.  She remains a cipher from beginning to end -- somewhat fascinating in her anti-social manner, nebulous past and ambiguous connection to her dying mother.<br /><br />The book is conveyed through multiple viewpoints, haphazardly delivered, as if parts of the original manuscript were truncated in the editing process.  Large parts of the novel are thus snippets from various points of view, but for the most part the novel switches from Lisbeth Salanger's point of view to Mikael Blomkvist's, sometimes awkwardly.  At other times, the point of view is inside a character's head who until then has not narrated a single paragraph.  For the most part the book \\"tells\\" rather than \\"shows,\\" but the narrative continues to move and is captivating in its portrayal of bizarre subjects and the various conventional and pathological personalities of the Vanger family.  A detective at heart, I found much of the plot development entertaining and suspenseful, if in many places, contrived and unbelievable.  Larsson provides past information and characterization by summarizing, but he avoids boring the reader because the facts themselves are unusual.<br /><br />In the end most of the characters are incompletely developed.  They have little resonance beyond their parts in a complicated, tawdry scenario.  They are not nuanced, and one can easily forget them, except perhaps Salander whose weirdness is captivating, if not plumbed enough to resonate after putting the book down.  Erika Berger, who starts out as flamboyant and daring, recedes into the woodwork and is forgotten until her intimacy with Bomkvist is realized by Salander and Salander as a result reevaluates her own intimacy with Blomkvist.  This is another unbelievable aspect of the book since if there was ever a pit bull female, it's Lisbeth Salander.  However, she merely fades away after her grand epiphany that Blomkvist and Berger will forever be close in a way she could never prevent.<br /><br />The last section uses the technique of emails to further the plot.  This does not work and makes the section laborious.  Moreover, the last chapters are bogged down in the details of Blomkvist's reestablishing his journalistic preeminence.  In this part the sense of suspense has dwindled and one skims it for the plot development, the characters having lost their abilities to interest.<br /><br />Finally, the conclusion to the mystery and the device of the annually posted flowers don't work because by the end of the novel you question why the sender wouldn't have more accurately anticipated Henrik Vanger's reaction.  Most aspects of the disappearance mystery and Blomkvist's attempts to revive his journalistic career just don't jive.  The reader is left with a sense of antipathy for the family and its various personalities.  One has the sense of a stale society when all the characters are incompletely drawn or stereotypical in the facts surrounding them and their perhaps too defined reactions.  In the end, oOne has the sense she is watching an elaborate puppet show with an equally elaborate and colorful setting, but the elements don't coalesce into a whole; they are disparate and episodic, a mishmash of sensationalism and hot topics.<br /><br />The book is a good read.  Some of the characters are interesting.  The prose is straightforward and without craft, but the subject is absorbing, as are all disappearances of young women.  The idea of international business conspiracies as well as unsavory business practices are hot topics, as are computer schemes and hacking in general.  My guess is that Larsson is a man of many interests and abilities, but LITERARY fiction is not his expertise, and so this book is not such.  It is well paced, well told crime fiction.  Lacking in psychological insight, it does not grip me enough.  I want a tighter story, one with more deeply drawn characters, and one with implications about life.  Since a good read is what most people like, this book deserves to have a widespread audience.  Fine, as long as people don't equate it to the works of Alice Siebold, for example, who is equally grim, or A. Conan Doyle, who has a deeper sense of mystery and psychological intrigue.<br /><br /> Characterization, Characterization, Characterization......  Flush it out.  Out ... Out...  And don't belabor the points. In the end don't propose the women/abuse proposition, if you're not going to develop it anymore than by revealing the crimes of a couple of creeps. The statistics of Swedish female abuse quoted in this novel are startling, but are they true?  Alas, Larsson did not complete that aspect of the novel as he did not provide insight into character, theme and even plot.  The big question in the book remains, \\"Why?\\"  Sure men fear and even hate women. However, in this book that idea is not sufficient to explain anything, particularly motive and certainly not character.  Larsson is a good storyteller, and that can take you far indeed.  Not far enough for me, though.  Unless, of course, he implied some answers to the \\"WHY?\\".  So in the absence of such implications I shall reserve my opinions of Swedish males and Swedish society.  The case for the mistreatment of women in Sweden has not been made.<br /><br />Marjorie Meyerlend pathological personalities of the Vanger family.  A detective at heart, I found much of the plot development entertaining and suspenseful, if in many places, contrived and unbelievable.  Larsson provides past information and characterization by summarizing, but he avoids boring the reader because the facts themselves are unusual.    In the end most of the characters are incompletely developed.  They have little resonance beyond their parts in a complicated, tawdry scenario.  They are not nuanced, and one can easily forget them, except perhaps Salander whose weirdness is captivating, if not plumbed enough to resonate after putting the book down.  Erika Berger, who starts out as flamboyant and daring, recedes into the woodwork and is forgotten until her intimacy with Bomkvist is realized by Salander and Salander as a result reevaluates her own intimacy with Blomkvist.   This is another unbelievable aspect of the book since if there was ever a pit bull female, it's Lisbeth Salander.  However, she merely fades away after her grand epiphany that Blomkvist and Berger will forever be close in a way she could never prevent.    The last section uses the technique of emails to further the plot.  This does not work and makes the section laborious.  Moreover, the last chapters are bogged down in the details of Blomkvist's reestablishing his journalistic preeminence.  In this part the sense of suspense has dwindled and one skims it for the plot development, the characters having lost their abilities to interest.      Finally, the conclusion to the mystery and the device of the annually posted flowers don't work because by the end of the novel you question why the sender wouldn't have more accurately anticipated Henrik Vanger's reaction.  Most aspects of the disappearance mystery and Blomkvist's attempts to revive his journalistic career just don't jive.  The reader is left with a sense of antipathy for the family and its various personalities.  One has the sense of a stale society when all the characters are incompletely drawn or stereotypical in the facts surrounding them and their perhaps too defined reactions.  In the end, oOne has the sense she is watching an elaborate puppet show with an equally elaborate and colorful setting, but the elements don't coalesce into a whole; they are disparate and episodic, a mishmash of sensationalism and hot topics.    The book is a good read.  Some of the characters are interesting.  The prose is straightforward and without craft, but the subject is absorbing, as are all disappearances of young women.  The idea of international business conspiracies as well as unsavory business practices are hot topics, as are computer schemes and hacking in general.  My guess is that Larsson is a man of many interests and abilities, but LITERARY fiction is not his expertise, and so this book is not such.  It is well paced, well told crime fiction.  Lacking in psychological insight, it does not grip me enough.   I want a tighter story, one with more deeply drawn characters, and one with implications about life.  Since a good read is what most people like, this book deserves to have a widespread audience.  Fine, as long as people don't equate it to the works of Alice Siebold, for example, who is equally grim, or A. Conan Doyle, who has a deeper sense of mystery and psychological intrigue.     Characterization, Characterization, Characterization......  Flush it out.  Out ... Out...  And don't belabor the points. In the end don't propose the women/abuse proposition, if you're not going to develop it anymore than by revealing the crimes of a couple of creeps. The statistics of Swedish female abuse quoted in this novel are startling, but are they true?  Alas, Larsson did not complete that aspect of the novel as he did not provide insight into character, theme and even plot.  The big question in the book remains, \\"Why?\\"  Sure men fear and even hate women. However, in this book that idea is not sufficient to explain anything, particularly motive and certainly not character.   Larsson is a good storyteller, and that can take you far indeed.  Not far enough for me, though.  Unless, of course, he implied some answers to the \\"WHY?\\".   So in the absence of such implications I shall reserve my opinions of Swedish males and Swedish society.  The case for the mistreatment of women in Sweden has not been made.    Marjorie Meyerle
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This was the Documentary that had me researching everything that I ate. If you have kids, I highly suggest you watch this DVD. You learn everything from how they grow chickens with synthetic hormones to how they spray your meat with ammonia and see how these big corporations treat their workers, most of them being poor minorities and undocumented workers. The good thing is that the movie also shows you the solution at the end of the film. What sickens me most is that the U.S. Government is behind this heinous process. Most of the people that worked for the big food corporations now work for the FDA or are lobbyists for them. Conspiracy? That's what the government would say, but you watch the film and judge for yourself.
B001QOGYBI|5.0|I watched a DVD rental of this movie three evenings in a row and enjoyed the show immensely each time.  What a charming production.  I strongly recommend this movie to adults.
B00335EQ0E|5.0|My kids absolutely love this movie.  Always great to enjoy a nice classic movie.
0321344758|4.0|This book should be a prerequisite for those who are interested in designing or building user interfaces. A lot of it is obvious if you've given much thought to how people use computers, but most people haven't.    This book is a great introduction to designing web pages or applications. You could stop here and build a completely functional piece of software. But really, for those interested in design and the details of typography, grids, color, etc. it's just the start.
B003A4IFDW|4.0|Bettye Lavette sounds great singing these British rock classic songs.  I like the majority of these songs.  She is not a household name to most people, but she is a moving performer. My favorite track is the funky first cut \\"The Word\\". My other favorite track is the up tempo song \\"Why Does Love Got To Be So Sad\\"  This song is very groovy. Bettye gives the Led Zeppelin classic a good soulful touch. I really like this song too.  \\"Salt Of The Earth\\" is an uplifting song. This song is a tribute to all the hard working people in the earth. \\"Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood\\" is another good song.  Bettye sounds smooth and sensual on this song.  \\"It Don't Come Easy\\" is a song with great soulful sound.  The guitar playing is good on this track. I don't really care for  the song \\"Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me\\". I don't like the musical arrangement of this song.  The tempo of the song is too slow for me. Another song I don't care for is \\"No Time To Live\\".  This song sounds too sleepy for me. Her best slow songs are \\"Isn't It A Pity\\" and \\"Love Reign O'er Me. \\"Love Reign O'er Me\\" is a moving performance from the Kennedy Center Honors.  The piano playing is beautiful here on this song.  It is one of the highlights on this disc. Bettye sounds very heartfelt and honest on these tracks.  I like the feeling of sentiment that Bettye creates on the song \\"Wish You Were Here\\" very much. Most of this music is very good, so I will give this disc a solid four star rating.
0451196716|5.0|I've read many Stephen King books and he is one of my favorite authors.  The Long Walk kept my attention from beginning to end of this survival saga.  It was especially scary because the characters were youths going through what they thought was a rite of passage.  Little did they know....  This is a book that I still remember after having read it many years ago.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Very informative, very inspiring movie. Companies like Tyson,Perdue, \\"Big Beef\\", and Monsanto are behaving like feudal lords. They treat animals horribly; their workers not much better. The products coming out of these companies are so full of salmonella, growth hormones, and antibiotics that they sould not be eaten.  I am telling my friends and family and showing this movie to as many people as I can.
B002WTC93S|4.0|The police investigator hero of this Norwegian procedural is Harry Hole, a taciturn, uncompromising detective who marches to his own drummer. In this excellent thriller, he's on the track of a possible assassin in a case that takes us far into the past. I learned a lot about Norwegian history from this book. I had not been aware that several thousand Norwegians volunteered for the Waffen SS and served alongside the Nazis on the Eastern front. Of course, Norway's homegrown fascist leader Quisling did welcome the Nazi invasion of his country. The novel spells out what happened to him and to the Norwegian volunteers who returned home after the war. This book links them with the unpleasant neo-Nazi fringe in modern-day Norway, much in the same way as my own novel [[ASIN:B002YX0HWM The Nazi Hunter: A Novel]] did in the United States.<br /><br />We meet up with a small squad of Norwegians at the siege of Leningrad. The question is, what became of them and which of them is behind a strange series of murders in modern-day Oslo.<br /><br />Hole is an attractive character, principled, determined, willing to bend the rules to get the \\"bad boys and girls\\" as he terms them. One does bond with some of these characters, which made the murder of one of them unbelievably poignant. The murder scene itself was superbly written.<br /><br />The plot creaks here and there and relies a bit too much on the very long arm of coincidence. But this is a minor quibble. There are also a couple of very creepy males using their power to compel women to submit to them and a charming romance. All in all, an excellent read.
1878424505|5.0|This is an excellent book that is a quick read.  I purchase it in quantity to provide to managers in our organzation that complete a 360 degree processes, or as a gift for participation in management training. It provides key insights into elements essential for contentment with self.
B002SF9YNO|5.0|This Japanese movie develops in a calm rythm, and tells a story about love, rage, frustrations and death. ....and love. A gentle touch in a modern world, where death encompasses sympathy, respect, and art. Marvellous!
B002WIDRM6|3.0|Was hoping for more \\"listenable\\" music like the one that has occupied the airwaves for the last 6 months. Not so much there though. A bit too country for me. BUT they are good singers.
B0021L8V1G|4.0|Ivan made an excellent villain, thanks to Mickey Rourke, the actor who brought the character to life.  I also thought that Scarlett Johansson's part was fun to watch. The Tony Stark character was more likable, as it showed him struggling with his past relationship with his dad. Also, gained sympathy when we thought he was dying.  All in all, I enjoyed watching it.
B002VPE1AW|2.0|I did not see the film in the theaters. Maybe 3D and IMAX could have saved it for me. The DVD was a joke, a very poor imitation of star wars aliens. I did not finish the DVD, put it back on the shelf.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I loved this movie.  Sure, it made me think of Star Wars and Lord of the Rings, but I loved those movies, too.  The moral message in the story line is one we need to be reminded of often.  I would recommend this movie to anyone Middle School age or above. The sad thing is that the bad guys in the movie are a pretty accurate reflection of how the world is now. If you don't understand something, destroy it.  If something stands in the way of you acquiring wealth or power, destroy it.  This movie scores big for humanity and the environment and, of course, diversification.  Definitely 5 stars.
B00275EGX8|1.0|Seriously, I regret ever watching this pile of steaming trash.  The production values were horrible, the plot was thin and none of the characters were believable.  Please don't waste your time or money making the same mistake I did!
B001I0T92Q|1.0|I got this and the second slot doesn't work. It only recognize the first chip and not the second one.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I've watched Lost from the start and I'm truly lost now it's finished...what am I to do? All I can really say is that it was a great ending. I watched the finale knowing it would not answer pretty much anything, I knew it would be a case of good vs evil, resolving relationships and I knew that I'll be missing it after it's finished.   For a start, many questions have been answered throughout the final series, although they were brief answers, but thinking about it, how else could they do it? They've spent six seasons building up the answers, thats good enough for me.  The ending was a commentary on society, in fact the whole lost saga was. The ending summed it up beautifully, and I hope those who see it as a cop out soon realise that it wasn't. Tbh I didnt really care about the answers, I cared more about the relationships that had been built up over the years. I've never watched a show so built up on backgrounds, relationships and society in such a way. I'm waiting for the full lost saga boxset :D
B001VNB54A|3.0|This mini-series was one of the final wishes of Stephen Ambrose.  His son finished the book about the war in the Pacific.  Read the books by robert leckie, and Eugene Sledge before watching the series.  It is not as well done as the Band of Brothers series - But it is a story which needs to be told.
141690977X|5.0|I did enjoy reading this book as it solved some of my on-going dating mysteries.  One thing that any woman should get out of reading this book is the importance of not wasting your time with the wrong person.  I think that the very strong theme in this book makes a point, repeatedly, to emphasize that a guy is either head-over-heels for you and will do anything to be with you, or he won't.  That's it.  My biggest take from this read is how I am now going to be much better at recognizing excuses that guys make.  The book taught me that all of those excuses are just that, and that the right guy will have all of the right reasons to be with me and nothing more.
B002WHT0YQ|4.0|Some nice cuts and outakes.  Wolf was starting to fail and it is evident but the musicianship is top notch with nobody dominating the mix.  Even Clapton lays back with tasteful work.  History was made in those sessions and it is important to hear every lick...
B0001L3LUE|5.0|I was absolutely spellbound from opening titles to credits. An incredible insight into a man who literally had his finger on the big red button. Wonderful candid reaction to Kennedy's introduction of him as Secretary of Defense. Perhaps the best 'documentary' I have ever watched. Watch it !
B0002Y69NG|3.0|This is a very uneven series of movies.  I like Reeves a lot but the 2nd and 3rd films are too hard to follow and seem almost stupid in their excesses.  Pat 73
B002GZQY6Q|1.0|I have almost all their albums and \\"The Incident\\" is probably the worst among the all. This is a big disappointment. I forced myself to listen for several times expecting it might grow, unfortunately it never happened. Today I tried again and found myself skipping tracks instead - at the end - just played \\"The Sky Moves Sideways\\" for relieve.    Many say the lyrics are good. Well, I think the good, deep lyrics must be accompanied by good, deep motif, otherwise I can read the lyrics and listen to my preferred music :)
B00005JPS8|4.0|A decent super hero flick--it is easy to watch with very enjoyable graphics and a plot that is simple and also easy to follow.  Quite entertaining.  Pat73
B000MRAAJM|5.0|This nature series from the BBC is simply the most magnificent photography that I have ever seen. If you have recently upgraded your TV or your DVD player to blue-ray - This is the DVD set you want to fully appreciate your new purchase. And be sure to watch the \\"diaries\\" after you watch the movie; This is where you can see the lengths the photographers went to in order to obtain the footage they created. And I had thought it would be a fantastic job to be an nature photographer! Root canals would be preferable to what some of them went through.  There are a few scenes that are hard to watch-a lion pride taking down an elephant was particularly brutal. I'm not sure I'd want a young child watching it. But Nature being what it is; this was no fault of the BBC. They just happened to have the cameras there.  If you are reading this-I can assume you watch the Discovery channel, and National Geographic, and nature shows on PBS. In my opinion this is better than any program I've seen before.  I have two very inexpensive DVD players-standard and Blue-Ray. I also have both versions of Planet Earth, so i sycn'd them up and watched both using the HDMI on the remote and WOW! This is the DVD that you can look at your wife and say \\"See this is why we needed Blue-Ray\\".
B0000VCZK2|4.0|Now this is more like it--really good movies, well acted, with the most terrifying horror characterizations to ever be put on film.  A delightful mind blower.  Pat 73
B002ZRPQ5K|1.0|Keane's first two releases were amazing in my opinion but if your looking for that original sound you will not find it here.  Gone is the great, melodic piano rock and in it's place derivative pop.  This is a big step down from their last album which was already dissapointing.  Definately one to skip.  I won't be purchasing another Keane album again and will probably be throwing this one in the trash...
B0027BOL4G|5.0|I have researched the food industry and knew about the sloppiness of the FDA and its love affair with corporate farming. However, even I was appalled at what this documentary uncovered. If you think the government polices the food industry you really should watch this video. And then go out and buy from your local farmers, and vote to protect their rights to grow and sell food without onerous government meddling.
B001HDYK6Y|2.0|No wonder many of you are writing such bad reviews of this cd....and many of you are correct, there are some awful songs on this disk (\\"Better Than This\\" may be the worst Keane song ever recorded), but the version i bought when it first came out had two vital songs that are not present here. \\"Time to Go\\" and \\"My Shadow\\" (songs 12 and 13 on my album) are not on this disk, why not?? They make the album at least bearable...they are two of the most \\"Keane\\" esk songs that they have written in recent history. Man i would be pissed if i bought this....
0061438294|5.0|Navarro's experience in law enforcement, his clear and simple approach to presenting his material, and the excellent photographs of himself and (I assume) his daughter combine to make this book an outstanding contribution to decoding and interpreting body language of all types.      After a brief introduction to the topic, and the brain processes behind our actions and reactions, voluntary and involuntary, he launches right into the material, chapter by chapter, going from the legs, torso, arms, to head and face.  Each movement is discussed, reasons and justifications for Navarro's interpretations are given, and there is usually a photo of each position or move.  It could not be made any more clear.    Navarro's book is one I would recommend to anybody interested in this aspect of interpersonal relationships, from business to poker to courtship to friendship.
B000N4SHPS|5.0|Best Rocky Movie since the original. Sylvester is really in astounding shape for his age and delivers a very endearing and believable performance.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|The video quality and audio are superb, a bit lacking on the additional content that usually comes with these discs.
B000GIWRIY|5.0|With their last album not especially well-recieved and certainly controversial among fans, Tull seemed to stray into a particularly different direction with Roots to Branches, utilizing sounds from all around the world, and a free and creative approach to what they can (and perhaps once thought they can't) do.     The music on the album is certainly fitting to the artwork on the front and back covers (which are great, by the way)often very circular with it's roots deep and the earth, and still not afraid to give it that hard edge here and there.     I am surprised, though happy, not to see more distasteful reviews of this album, seeing as it is definitely very different than the archetype of Tull's sound, and certainly not what a lot of their fans expected. Which goes to say a lot, considering it was so different and yet so well recieved.     I would recommend this album to the average Tull fan who wants to journey into their \\"modern\\" sound (the album was released a while ago, but not a lot has been released since unfortunately). There are songs on this album that would no doubt impress any Tull fan, and usually and impressive Tull song is worth the money of the album, amirite?
B00005NEUF|5.0|This album is great. I know it's great because I used to own a copy. I wanted to buy this disc. However, I still don't own a copy. Amazon would not send me the cd I paid for. They just sent me a refund about a month after I thought I had purchased the cd.
B000ELJBAK|3.0|This is the sound of Gilmour taking his first tentative steps from Pink Floyd and finding a few interesting things on the way. There is only traces of where he would eventually take the legendary band's sound and songwriting, but it's here for the careful listener. And of course, some delicious guitar work.
1857885082|5.0|No need for therapy, I'm an American Englishwoman. This was such a wonderful book that I gave it to a neighbor that will be studying at Oxford.
0393075966|2.0|I had heard Stiglitz was a good economist from various sources.    So, I picked this up at the bookstore without even glancing at it first - my mistake.      I'm only part-way thru it, but in the first 10 pages I find:  A. - He is friendly with George Soros - who is nothing short of a James Bond villian  B. - He is friendly with Barney Frank - the corrupt congressman who had a relationship with Herb Moses - a high ranking executive at Fannie Mae.  C. - He considers Larry Summers to be \\"right\\" and himself \\"centrist\\"  D. - Worst of all he's a Keynsian    I kept reading in spite of all this.  Unfortunately, while I think he is very intelligent, he suffers from the same flaw as the climate scientist that manipulates the model and data to suit their beliefs.    While Stiglitz does rightly point out flaws in the banking industry, Bush's economic policy and Obama's economic policy, his characterizations of monetarists are misguided.      First of all, he confuses free markets with unregulated markets - (Nobel Prize winner, really???).  The problem is that most regulation attempts were, and continue to be, attempts to give advantage to political insiders.  The fundamental goals of financial regulation should be: information transparency and verifying that financial professionals are not corrupt or incompetent.      Second, he talks at great length about bailouts for Wall Street but not Main Street.  While I agree, the bailouts were badly handled after the initial Fall 2008 bailouts, lets not forget that there was a lot of Main Street's money invested in Wall Street, we didn't have time for \\"trickle-up economics\\" to work.      Finally, he bashes the Fed pretty hard, claiming they could have broken down the real estate bubble.  I'm not sure how Bernanke really could do anything about this. The Fed cranked up margin limits before the Great Depression to no avail. Raising treasury rates might have slowed it down, but in reality the effect would have been to accelarate risk.
B002KSPKRS|4.0|I've been using this headset now for about 3 weeks.  The surround sound is great and definitely enhances game play.  I use it when playing games and for watching movies through netflix.  Its comfortable to use and easy to set up.  The ear muff style avoids ear fatigue during extended play.  The removable boom mic is great for when you just want to watch a movie.  The range is great.  I sit approx 15ft away from the TV and the sound doesn't degrade. I definitely recommend buying rechargeable batteries with this package.  However in the mean time I've just purchased a package of Duracell copper tops.  In the three weeks of use, I have not replaced the battery yet.  I ave about 15 hours of game play a week so for me thats good battery consumption.      Room for improvement?    The one thing I notice is some intermittent crackling sound.  Other reviews have mentioned this and I never understood what it really meant and if it took away from the experience.  I can compare that sound somewhat like the crackling of wood burning during a bonfire.  Its not consistent however it does happen enough to notice but not enough to bother you too much.  The crackling sound occurs more often during loud/elaborate sound blasts from the game or movie.  For example: (Gun shots, explosions, while a tank rolls by can produce that crackling sound). The sound is brief and before you can even react to the sound, you've already moved on and re focused on the game or movie. Again, its noticeable, but very bearable.      Another improvement would have to be the volume of the headset while watching a movie.  It seems to me that the power of the volume during gameplay is plenty.  I never find myself maxing out the headset volume.  However when I watch movies through netflix, I do sometimes end up maxing out the volume on the headset just to have what I consider the \\"normal\\" listening level.  I'm not sure why there is a difference there but its a noticeable difference.      Conclusion:  I love theset and am very happy with the money I paid for it.  I get to play games and watch movies without bothering anyone and I dont have to deal with a long cord from the base of the unit.  The surround sound makes a huge difference during gameplay.  I've used cheaper options that my friends have and I'm glad I have this unit.  Worth every penny....
0895260131|1.0|This book obviously has an agenda.  The \\"facts\\" that it represents are absolutely incorrect.  He takes quotes out of context, gets stories completely wrong, makes up quotes and plays upon the fears of certain people.  If you would like to read a great book about Islam, try Understanding Islam by CTR Hewer  [[ASIN:0800637917 Understanding Islam: An Introduction]].  He is an American and a Christian and uses real facts and quotations.
B002KE47Z8|3.0|The pluses of this work are that it revitalizes the art of short story, a too forgotten literary modality; the author is articulate; the stories are well written.<br />The stories are depressing. The work is fiction and there are strands that link the stories, the Indian diaspora in the US, characters from previous stories reappear, the losses of assimilation, the losses of non-assimilation. The stories are a mirror of our failures as human beings to be human beings: failures of love, failures of communication, selfishness, loneliness, extolling those who achieve status, jealousy, failure to face death with dignity . But there are no lessons learned, no ways out, no transcendence. The world is depressing enough. I wish she would have chosen to be more than a mirror of the suffering of her Westernized heritage and characters sufferings.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|Listening to this CD is like welcoming two old friends into your home. There is obvious warmth between the two singer-songwriters, and the comments made by Taylor between songs are entertaining. I have listened to this CD both with and without headphones, and I think the quality of the voices are quite good. I do wish that I could have attended one of their concerts, but this CD delivers that atmosphere well. You've got a friend with this one.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|There are many Beatles compilations, but this is one of the best and probably the most convenient because, unlike others, it is a single disc collection covering their whole career. Perhaps most importantly, it is surprisingly comprehensive - an astonishing twenty-seven songs from each year of their professional career. Compilations have two possible audiences:  hard-cores and casuals. There is certainly nothing for the former, as all the songs are widely available elsewhere; only those who truly must have everything should even bother. That said, it is near-perfect for the latter; this is the only place to get so many Beatles songs on one CD, and the collection is representative and thoroughly excellent. With a canon like The Beatles', collections must have some kind of theme, and this one is interesting - it contains all the band's cuts that were #1 in the US or UK. The tracks could have been chosen in many ways, but this is more rewarding than most in that it lets one hear a good number of the band's best, most famous, and most important songs. A few Beatles albums are best heard whole, but the group consistently released its best songs as singles, and an incredible amount went to #1, ensuring a great collection. Virtually everyone is very familiar with many or most cuts, but hearing them chronologically is fascinating; listening to the band change and progress is very rewarding. Anyone wanting a Beatles entry point could hardly do better than this.
0739367676|1.0|Well I did it.  Against the advice of other reviewers, I read the final installment of the Twilight Series.....and OMG...what a nightmare and what a mistake.   I feel I need to take a shower and brush my teeth and reread Twilight in order to purge myself of the memories of this awful book.    First lets recap the first 3 books.  I am not going to address SM's writing abilities.     I think she can spin a good yarn working with the limitations she has as an actual writer and I can appreciate that, no matter how many times her characters \\"roll their eyes\\" \\"chuckle\\" \\"sneer\\" \\"smirk\\" \\"sigh\\" \\"tighten their eyes\\" and so on and so forth.    Twilight - obviously the best book in the series.  Vulnerable human girl....vulnerable vampire boy.   Both insecure....both inexperienced......very sweet.  This book is very detailed very methodical in the budding relationship between Bella and Edward which is its strongest point.  I think SM did a brilliant job in conveying the angst that the characters were experiencing.  She moves further and further away from this type of detailed writing in the subsequent books and we lose that emotional connection.   The only problem I had with this book was Edward's ability to suck James' venom out of Bella when he could not tolerate the smell of her only a couple of months before.   This was a contrived plot point.  There was no reason Carlisle could not have, should not have done this.  Was there really ever any doubt that Edward wouldn't be able to \\"change\\" Bella himself after that or that he wouldn't be able to resist her blood.    New Moon - I unlike other reviewers, had no problem with Bella pining after Edward for several months.  In fact to me this was quite understandable if we were to believe the Bella and Edward were truly soulmates.   You don't recover when your soulmate leaves you.  You might survive, but you don't recover.   That is probably why I knew I would not like Eclipse, the love triangle should never have been part of the equation of we were to believe anything written in Twilight.    Eclipse - For me, this book represented the downslide of the series.   Even given the issues I had with the love triangle, I completely resented the way that Edward was portrayed in this book.   Even worse, I could not tolerate whiney crybaby Bella who despite her self-deprecating comments, continued to hurt everyone around her with her demands.   If the character of Edward had been true to himself, he would have shut down completely (he's incredibly insecure as a vampire), instead of being the noble hero that would take Bella anyway he could get her.   This book also had three or four hundred pages of irrelevant worthless dialogue, lack of plot and  not a lot of action.  Wouldn't it have been fun to actually witness the fight between the newborns and the Cullens and werewolves?   But no, we were stuck in Bella's POV away on some cliff somewhere for two or three pages of Edward and Victoria squaring off in what could hardly be called a battle.    And why the hell didn't Alice see Victoria's plan when she started following Edward's scent.  A phone call would have been nice.     And now Breaking Dawn....spoiler alert......    Controlling my shudders.....Let me admit that I skimmed through this book in an afternoon.   It was just so bad.   In fact the best part of the book is the first couple of chapters.  The few massive issues I have with this book are as follows.    Sex - So the marriage finally happens, and it's time for what the first 3 books were alluding  to.   The sex between vampire and human.   I am fully aware that this book was written for teenage girls, but come on.   There was more heat in the passionate kisses in Twilight then there was in their first sexual experience which was handled as a fade to black.  Afterward all we got was Bella glowing about how wonderful it was and Edward blaming himself for Bella's bruises.   Yes pillows were destroyed, but what actually happened.  How did they pulloff the act, how was Edward able to control himself.  After reading in great detail how Edward was able to control himself enough to kiss Bella in Twilight (I think there was an entire chapter on that), SM couldn't even offer a full paragraph on their successful love making?   This was a huge let down and an example of SM's lack of writing capabilities.  She just couldn't figure out how to do it tastefully.    The Pregnancy - Why oh why did SM feel the need to go down this road?  Forget that vampires should not be able to sire children, this is a work of fiction so perhaps I could have swallowed it, but why this grotesque bloody horrid pregnancy and told COMPLETELY from Jacob's viewpoint.  How fricken weird is that.   If a viewpoint change really was necessary in what is conceivably the most monumentous moment in Bella's life; it should have been from Edward's, he was the one being slowly driven mad by selfish Bella's decisions.   Why Jacob was involved was beyond me.   It was creepy and completely disconnected the reader, ME, from what was happening.  Then to have Edward ask Jacob to act as a STUD, yes that's right a STUD for Bella if she aborts this baby, it's beyond nuts.    From a logical standpoint, if this pregnancy and subsequent baby was necessary, then the child should have been born under normal conditions following a 9 month pregnancy.   A perfect reason for Bella to remain human a little bit longer and completely logical, as the baby should have been 100% human.  Why?   Well assuming Edward's body was frozen at the point of his transformation, any sperm he would have would be human, not vampire.  It might have been interesting to see them raise a human baby in the world of vampires...maybe a human baby with some special talents.   I also found it interesting that for the first time in the entire series, SM mentions Menstruation.  Hmmmmm.....it made me wonder from the very first book how Edward could tolerate Bella's menstruation cycle when blood would definitely be outside of the body.       The Birth - Oh horror of horrors, not only is Bella drinking blood to feed the demon baby, she likes the taste of it.  And how convenient that Carlisle is out of town on the day she delivers so Edward who is super surgeon vampire now, has to do surgery on her first with a scalpel, then with his teeth to remove the thing.  Then he has to transform her...all on his own (remember all of this is still being told from Jacob's point of view),  with her abdomen ripped open, obviously blood everywhere...that delicious Bella blood that Edward has pined after for three books (make that two, he suddenly didn't have a problem in Eclipse either), and Edward doesn't make one misstep,  it isn't even addressed.  He somehow knows to stab Bella in the heart with a syringe full of his venom and he diligently bites her in all the right places.  He did everything perfectly without a hitch, better than Carlisle, we find out later.   Let me roll my eyes here.     Renesmee -   This grotesque creepy demon baby becomes Jacob's latest love interest, and fortunately for him she will be an adult by her 7th birthday.   I never understood why a half human, half vampire would grow so fast, shouldn't they age slower?   Everyone loves Renesmee though we are just told this, never shown it, and though Rosalie is seen mothering it, what about Esmee....she tried to kill herself after losing a child didn't' she?  There aren't even any intimate moments between Edward and the infant.  Stupid stupid.     Transformation - The one and only chapter I really liked in this book was when Bella finally becomes a vampire.   IMO the entire book should have been devoted to her transformation with all the difficulties of being a newborn.   Instead we are teased with some humorous first steps as a new vampire but after an hour or two (I'm not kidding), she is Super Vampire with all the control and skill of a mature vampire.   Quite annoying.    Vulturi Battle - okay there was nobattle, just the opportunity to introduce dozens of new vampires that have traveled in from all across the world to act as witnesses or participate in the battle.   There really were no back stories to these new vampires so keeping track of them all wasn't worth the trouble.   This is another example of SM's lack of writing skills. Did I say I wouldn't comment on them....too bad.   She cannot figure out a way to weave them into the plot so she has to march them in one right after the other, an inventory of new characters.  There was also the issue of all of the trouble these new arrivals would create in the small town of Forks, which was never addressed other than the offhanded comment that they would hunt out of state.   If vampires were so harmless to nearby humans, so in control of themselves then why did James Laurant and Victoria create so much trouble for the Cullens.       I personally thought it was beneath the Vulturi to show up in Forks at all.  I would have preferred more subtle attacks against the Cullens that didn't involve everyone standing around and talking, but since this Battle was never going to happen anyway, I suppose it didn't' matter.    The Cullens - probably the most disappointing aspect of this book was the complete neglect in developing existing characters that I happened to like.   Much of this is in direct correlation to the first hand narration by Bella and Jake.   Still, I would have loved to hear more about how Rosalie's true motivation for \\"protecting\\" Bella during her pregnancy or Alice's relationship, that was non existent in this book, with Bella.   There could have been a subplot involving one of the family members in danger and how the others reacted to \\"save\\" that family member.  Wouldn't it have been interesting to see Carlisle's gentle nature change if Esme was taken hostage by the Vulturi........anything......but sadly......they were just cardboard cutouts filling spaces inbetween scenes of whiney Bella, moping Edward, and whimpering Jacob.        Happy Endings - I actually had no problem with the happy ending part, if there was some personal sacrifice and growth throughout the story.  In the end, Bella got everything she wanted behaving like a spoiled rotten brat through the last two books specifically.  Edward, despite being driven near madness, bounced back and was his usual annoyingly perfect self, Jacob only has to wait 7 years to get the love of his life, a sure thing, since his imprinting will leave demon baby Renesmee with no choice and the Cullens just go on as they have.     Okay I can't believe I spent so much time writing this review.  That is sad and pathetic all on it's own.  So let me conclude by saying that like many reviewers, be prepared to have this book ruin the entire series for you.   I only hope that re-reading Twilight will help me get over it.     I have nightmares about what is sure to be SM's next book....Jacob & Rennesmee - A pedaphiles love story.   BLECH
B0017KIBAI|5.0|This controller is a great buy, and is very useful on Wii games like Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Mario Kart Wii, and many others, and of course it's a necessity if you're going to play Gamecube games on your Wii (just don't forget to also get a Gamecube memory card as well to save your Gamecube game files -- SD cards on the Wii won't work for Gamecube games). The cord is a good length and the buttons are nice and responsive, as I would expect from an official controller (I tend to shy away from buying third-party controllers).
B000VWE5OY|1.0|\\"Torchwood\\" has a great concept, but is ruined with bad plots and way too much drama. \\"Doctor Who\\" is an action series, but \\"Torchwood\\" is nothing more than a drama with very lazy writing and very little suspense. It does have it's good episodes, but they're few and fare in between. Not recommended!
B0035J6TAI|4.0|I've long been a fan of Peter Gabriel, and I love his style and the way it's evolved over the years. Generally his albums have a good mix of powerful, energetic songs and quiet, more thoughtful songs. This is a very quiet album overall, and so it leaves the listener without much of the energy one might expect from Peter Gabriel. That being said, most of the songs are quite good, and are of course distinctively Peter Gabriel. Three or four of the songs are stand-out favorites to me now, but I would have liked a bit more variation throughout the album on the energy level.
0307473465|5.0|I saw the movie, loved it, and felt compelled to read the story in hopes of gaining more insight into the characters.  The book somewhat accomplished that goal. It's a well worth read.
0307454541|4.0|This book was recommended by a good friend and I couldn't stop turning the pages one after another, anticipating what happened next. Such a pity Larsson is now deceased - there are so many living writers out there with questionable artsy fartsy taste and yet the good ones are gone. I look forward to the rest of the trilogy.
0061020680|4.0|So many reviewers have already given such great detail in review about this story that I will not follow suit. I admit that I was very enthralled through the book. I found Pratchett's observations, puns and absurdity very fun. I like the story that as I got closer and closer to the ending I found myself slowing down my reading to savor it.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the ending was a let down for me. The final conflict was rushed, chaotic and not very satisfying. In the end of this story I was left pondering what would be a better way to wrap it all up and could not find anything suitable to do differently. It had all the tell tale signs of a Doctor Who episode where great leaps in logic are needed by the protagonist in order to try and wrap up the story in a semi-plausible way. So, I just have to accept it for what it is: a funny vignette into the world of Death and the people that cross his path  of his existance.<br /><br />There is so much good about this book that I cannot give it a more harsh review. It is definately worth the read. It is fast paced and funny. If you want an amusing quick read then this is the one for you.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Despite the negative reviews for season 6 in my opinion it does not deserve the 1-star rating many have given it. Season 6 dives into the what-if and explores the lives of our oceanic 815 survivors through flash-sideways. It was a unique opportunity to see how much the characters would change and how they would come in contact with each other if 815 never crashed. Personally every episode with the exception of \\"What Kate Does\\" was awesome in that characters were given the chance to address their many flaws and finally let go of their hang-ups. I think what many people fail to grasp is that Lost has always been a character study about the human condition and all the sci-fi stuff was a way to explore that subject. In the grand scheme of things the mythology, polar bears, electromagnetism, etc. was never the point it was about people, humanity in general. Like Carlton and Lindelof have stated in the past they spent 10% of their time talking about mythology and the other 90% was spent talking about their characters in the writer's room. So if you want to see a show about character pay-off then this is the show for you. As for the series finale, it does not suck like many have explicitly stated. It's true to the series and the characters. Sure some questions remain unanswered but that's life we don't know where we go when we die or if there is a higher power.
0385504225|5.0|If you liked The Davinci Code and Angels & Demons, you'll be happy with this book too.  It's very similar to those books, with the character of Robert Langdon returning for another adventure.  The only difference is this story takes places in Washington DC instead of Europe, so the history and landmarks are part of American history and quite fascinating.  After reading this book I instantly wanted to go to DC to see all the sights described in this book, just as I wanted to travel to Europe after reading the previous two.  Great story, quick pace and the perfect blend of fact and fiction make this an instant classic in my eyes.
B003L5LEYW|3.0|Nice and very impressive release from both artists, whom i consider accomplished. Production is classy, seasoned and mature, lyrics are dope but damian marley dominates throughout the album, are you kidding me? it actually sounds more like \\"Distant Relatives; Damian Marley featuring Nas\\" seriously, Nas was almost obscure most of the time, you cannot readily tell that there is a huge hiphop presence on the album. The beats come with huge reggae influence, not a surprise since most is made by damian himself, nice to listen to but nas the rapper did not pull his weight at all. It was more like Nas was passing by every song and decided to drop a verse, on the verses themselves, he sounds like he wasnt exactly sure how to broach the subject of Africa's different tribulations and trials. He still sounds like some guy reading a story about Africa and decides to tell it. He does ok, but his influence on the album is not felt as it should have been. By the way, what the hell is Lil wayne doing on this album?? his stake on publicity? this is completely ridiculous, lil wayne completely pulls down the album's worth. You tell us Africans about leaving the hood, staying faithful to your wife, disarmament and staying away from drugs and you feature Lil wayne? way to go Nas(cos i'm sure it wasn't damian's idea). But before i entirely castigate the album, i enjoyed it, much because of damian's impeccable artistry, Nas is ok but is easily outshined.
B000WEMH3C|1.0|So I bought this grill cover and had been using it for the past few weeks.  Yesterday, my wife looks out back and says, \\"hey, is something on fire out there?\\"  I go to investigate, and sure enough, this vinyl cover was MELTING to the side of the grill!!!  I had to hose the grill down with water and then scrape the adhered pieces of grill cover from my grill!  I hadn't used the grill since the day prior and hadn't put the cover back on until the morning that my wife noticed the smoke!  It was probably because it was about 95 degrees here and it's a black grill, but I can't believe that it would melt to my grill regardless of the temperature!  I wouldn't recommend ANYONE buy this fire hazard!
030726999X|4.0|To those of you who aren't up to speed with Larsson's trilogy, I am going to try my best to avoid giving things away, but it's not going to be easy.<br /><br />In the last book, The Girl Who Played With Fire, Lisbeth Salander-- portrayed as being worse than the Devil himself by media and police-- confronted her very real, very human, demons. In this book, she realizes that confronting them is not enough. She is going to have to destroy them. What goes against her grain is that she is forced to trust journalist Mikael Blomkvist, even to the point of letting him run large sections of the show.<br /><br />This book even more than the previous two relies on intricate plotting and the pieces fitting together exactly. This book, more than the other two, showed unevenness and sections that needed a much sterner hand at editing. Because the plot was intricate, Larsson spent pages explaining various government agencies, how they were set up, the people they reported to, and so on. These were the sections of the book that made my eyes glaze over.<br /><br />Another subplot involving Erika Berger, the former editor of Millennium magazine, although illustrating what many women have to deal with in male-dominated sections of the workforce, was really unnecessary and moved the focus away from the most fascinating characters: Salander and Blomkvist. Even Salander's trip to Gibraltar could have been shortened.<br /><br />Any time the action moved away from that two-character focus, the book began to drag, which is why I feel that it would have benefited from stricter pruning. But was I greatly disappointed in the book? No. I had to see the outcome of Lisbeth Salander's story. Was she going to succeed? How was she going to succeed?<br /><br />Larsson has given me a wonderful offbeat Dulcinea and her Don Quixote. I may always wonder what the books would have become if Larsson had been allowed to work on them himself, but the characters will always remain: a young woman who refused to accept that everyone else was more important than she, and the man who believed her.rtant than she, and the man who believed her.
0517053616|3.0|The way that long lines end is a little confusing at first, and makes reading with a group somewhat awkward, but for the price this is a great book.
B0039TD7RC|5.0|The original format and everything that followed was \\"Muddy\\".  That is not bad when your talking blues, but everyone knew it could be better.  I have been waiting many many years for someone to FIX the muddy sound to Exhile.      THIS IS IT!
B001QOGYFY|2.0|There are some interesting visual flourishes in this movie, illustrating it's origins as a graphic novel.  The concept itself is intriguing, using an unlikely location (Antarctica) as a setting for a whodunnit style thriller, with a cast that normally can be relied on to do a decent job.  Alas, the concept starts to weaken on two fronts.. firstly, the treatment of it's star, Kate Beckinsale.  A lengthy introducing tracking shot culimates in an equally lengthy shower scene, which plotwise serves to tell us... well, truthfully it serves no plot purpose at all, other than to have Kate Beckinsale in a shower scene right at the start - perhaps to hook the people that might turn off when they discover she is going to be all dressed up in bulky Antarctic gear for the rest of the movie?  And then secondly, if we are to revel in her acting ability - why then serve her with a script so clunky you have to assume it got frostbite on the way to the location and had its common sense amputated?<br />The plot is intriguing.. a Russian plane downed in the Cold War carrying a valuable cargo, serves as a prologue to a murder in current day North Pole.  As the Marshall, Kate has to figure it out, but all the suspects are about to leave on the last plane out before Winter sets in.  The setting is particularly cool - (pun intended), with the frigid weather convincingly portrayed for the most part, and some of the frozen beauty of the scenery is striking (actually Canada, not Antarctica, of course).  The whodunit will have you guessing - for at least a few minutes.  For the rest of the movie you'll have to rely on cardboard dialogue and mediocre action scenes.  On the plus side, Tom Skerritt does a good enough job to survive with his dignity intact, and the scenery is good.<br />I'll applaud the movie for it's original setting, but have to give it a thumbs down in the directing and script department.  I'd stick with the graphic novel.  Interesting idea then, but the end result will likelyleave you, well ok, let's say it - somewhat cold.
B00020HEL6|5.0|Accidentally discovered Renee Olstead on Last FM very recently.     I was amazed to find out that the singer I was listening to was the same young girl who had a small role in \\"13 going on 30\\" a few years ago.  Who knew this teenager was hiding such a gifted voice.    Can't compare her to anyone exactly because she has her own style and her own amazing, beautiful, talented young voice, unlike any other.      This album is an absolute must for any jazz lover.  There are no bad songs on it.  It's just good from beginning to end and you'll probably want to loop it for hours on end.    Renee Olstead will go far and I wish her all the best.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|what a movie!!!!! i didn't care for it in the theater the first time we saw it because of the 3-d effect, but we bought it and now i can watch it regular. it is a great escapism movie
B002NWRMVS|5.0|What I mean by my title is that I liked Norah Jones when she first debuted, but after a while, I found her to be a little \\"soft\\" for my tastes.  I have tuned in and out over the past few years and am happy to say that this album has got my FULL attention!  This is, for me, a fabulous, complex and yet simple album that adds a lovely (gritty?) depth to Norah's musical repertoire--I can truly appreciate the change of pace and NJ's willingness to experiment.  Her current sound is definitely heavier than I have heard in the past, but in an extremely pleasing way.  I cannot define the genre of this title, but to my untrained ear, I think her influences encompass rock, folk, jazz, blues...a harmonious blend indeed.  I must say that I understand how some critics feel as though they have been disappointed by \\"The Fall,\\" although I feel TOTALLY differently; I know that most of us want our favorite artists to keep putting out that comfy old shoe style that we come to know and love, but these are ARTISTS and risks have to be taken for the sake of personal growth.  In my opinion, this risk paid off big time, but hey--you like what you like.  I would challenge any folks who are put off at the first listen to keep this in rotation for a while.  Give Norah a fair shot here, and I really do think that she (and her new crew) will win you over!
B003JSSPSY|5.0|Legend of the Seeker (LOTS)i so one of the best shows on television. No, it is the BEST. Although the show doesn't follow the exact storylines from the brilliant Goodkind books they still are amazing. The actors feel real and the chemistry between Kahlan and Richard is extrodinary and pure. I would recomend this show to anyone, if your into Lord of the Rings then it is def a show for you. I have been emailing FOX and other various television stations to fight for a third season. Join the pitition today!! LOTS is an amazing different show and I wish that everyone would watch it.
0670021652|5.0|I loved it ,but this is not a romance novel.If that's what you want you might be disappointed. I can really relate to her and I love her style of writing .She just tells it like it is. She actually puts on paper the stuff the rest of us are only thinking in our head . I recommend reading or listening to Eat,Pray,Love first.I have the CDs of both of these and I just had the hardest time turning off the CD player.  I would have liked to have had the chance to get to know my future husband as much as she did before I got married or at least thought a little about what it meant to agree to be in this arrangement.
0393327345|4.0|In some ways, reading 'Fight Club'(1996) after 'Rant'(2007) gave me a retrospective view of the genius of perhaps one of the more daring chroniclers of post-modern times.    Palahniuk's nameless protagonist's partner-in-crime Tyler Durden is in many ways an earlier incarnation of Rant, the rabies superspreader. Both are masters of chaos, whose apocalyptic vision was to break up civilization in order to make something better out of the world, forcing a rebirth by destruction.    At the microcosmic level, the Fight Club Tyler sets up, complete with numbingly functional rules, appeals to everyman's basic instinct to beat the crap out of one another in a fraternal setting, which makes way for grander and increasingly macabre plans adhering to the perverse philosophy of Tyler Durden. He begins to dominate our hapless protagonist as their symbiotic/vampiric relationship develops, with an interesting twist towards the end. Let's just say insomnia and split personalities are involved. Throw in a suicidal fake cancer-victim-support-group junkie Marla Singer into the mix, and a bizarre triumvirate forms.     Palahniuk admits to drawing inspiration from 'The Great Gatsby' in the afterword that appears in more recent editions, and reading 'Fight Club' in that light does spike my interest in the classic, with a renewed reading of Nick Carraway's obsessive relationship with Gatsby.    Violent, perverse, and relentlessly gripping.
0345479092|5.0|so far, this book has been pretty helpful, although we have only just started to read through and implement some changes from the book.
B001AVCFK6|4.0|I previously had an issue with this product from Amazon. The digital code that I recieved with the movie did not work, but Amazon was prompt it rectify the problem and as always strives for perfection. This waa/is a great movie. I am not a trekkie or a huge star trek fan, but this was done well and I think in a way that could related to current trek fans and maybe even open a door for new fans. Great movie, well done and again thank you amazon for amazing customer service.
B003CN5SAY|5.0|I watched this show since the beginning back in 2003 or 2004, either way I was there when Christian and Sean first fed Silvio to the crocodiles and to the very end.  I grew to love these characters and never had so much emotional investement in a TV show ever in my life.  While having the superficial exterior of a slick, shallow show that only focused on physical perfection the performances of every one of these characters highlighted the true emotional spectrum of what it means to be human, and they went through everything imaginable and took us on one hell of a ride with them!  Of course, Sean and Christian are both the real stars of this show.  Dylan Walsh and Julian Mcmahon had an oscreen bond that showed that they were truly a real team and they were good in every episode in the series.  I remember back to season 2 when they were apart to be torn apart because of the revelation Julia made to Sean, and how that blonde who looked like them made them see how much they needed one another.  Sean Christian were two brothers who were very diffirent, and instead of those differences ever tearing them apart they only made them their partnership stronger.  Christian:  flashy, good-looking, callous, sometimes cruel was what sympathetic, kind-hearted, good-natured Sean needed and vice versa.  Through Julia they channeled each other's virtues and faluts and the series was a hit.  I miss it already and I will never forget Nip/Tuck.
1843793792|2.0|Please note, this is not a review of the original book, which is one of my favorites, but only of this particular audio recording.      The audio book gets a point for the reader, he did well with the various voices of the characters, and it gets a point for, well it's \\"Venetia\\", albeit a really rather butchered \\"Venetia\\".      It loses 3 points for the unbelievable amount of abridgment.  Not just \\"descriptions of every blade of grass\\" to (mis?)quote SE Hinton, but huge pertintent parts of Damerel and Venetia's growing relationship are just left out. The bit at the end where she arrives and tells him she understands that she in ineligible because of her mother and he forcefully rebuts her statements - so lovely, and so missing from this recording along with so many other important stages in their relationship.  Really, if one is going to cut out so many romantic and funny bits, why bother to record the other parts of the story?
1588167461|5.0|Granted, it lacks color photographs. But if I end up buying another picture of Cary Grant, the Duke of Windsor or Fred Astaire, I'm gonna demand a refund and sue the editor!<br /><br />This is a book for the average guy, with the average dough, who wants to dress better for his money's worth. It's neither DRESS FOR $UCCESS nor THE METROSEXUAL BIBLE. Just solid advice on subjects that count, and great tips on details that make a difference. Plus, it's fun reading, has a nice layout, and takes little space in your bookshelf. What more could you ask from a book? Get real!
B0039OGGVQ|3.0|What's up with the pop music here - Oh yea, Slash needs some cash so he is trying to cover all the bases.  IMHO, he should have made a hard rock / punk record with Lemmy.  Their tune is by far the most aggressive, rockin' song here.  Maybe Slash can just join Motorhead and we could hear some more over-the-top hard rock from these guys.
0743297334|4.0|Ernest Hemingway believed a book should be like an iceberg. The text was the top one-eighth of the iceberg while what the reader got out of the text was the bottom seven-eights. On the surface, The Sun Also Rises appears to be a book about a bunch of rich people getting perpetually drunk in 1920s Europe. But it is about the Lost Generation. The central characters are damaged from World War One. They have no purpose in life. So they wonder around Europe getting drunk. This is also a book about what is not said between people in a situation. It is about the dark side of love. Well not in the gothic sense. Lady Brett Ashley is the epitome of the flapper girl. Women got the vote after 1920. They smoked cigarettes, wore their hair short, wore short dresses, and had causal sex. They also strung a guy or two along. They were independent. All the men in the story love Brett but Brett loves her independent. She will not be tied down by any man. Jakes Barnes loves her dearly but is the only character with enough sense to know he will never be able to have her. Hemingway was a man's man. He saw a raw sexuality in the violence of bullfighting. His love and passion for bullfighting is beautifully conveyed in this book. Hemingway wrote with such a journalistic style. But he had a gift for prose as well. He proves that just because one is rich does not mean that one is happy. Beautiful writing.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|This is a refreshing series.  It is difinitely a welcome change to what TV offers these days.
B000002KXV|5.0|This is by far one of the best Donald Fagen CD's you will buy. Arrangements are performed by some of the best studio musicians in town. A must have if you are a Donald Fagen / Steely Dan fan.
0596007124|5.0|This is a very good book to read about design patterns. It is very easy to understand the concepts and remember them than just reading the books on how to code them in different frameworks.    I highly recommmend this book to anyone interested in learning the design patterns.
B00275EGWY|5.0|I'm an Iraq veteran.  This film offers real insight into my experience.  Ignore the fact that these guys are EOD and whether or not EOD has been realistically portrayed.  Feel what the characters are feeling.  Look at the setting.  See the interactions between the local nationals and the soldiers.  Feel the FOB-Red Zone-FOB transition.  This isn't a documentary, so correctness of every item used isn't important.  The characters do undertake actions that seem insane, but so did we.  The vignettes may seem artificially strung together, but they don't feel that way to me.  They are as strung together as the events of a tour in Iraq.  The screenplay focuses on the most salient moments; the rest would just be filler.  The filler doesn't matter.  My mind flexed blank on legions of filler moments, leaving me with a series of hyper-real events burned into my psyche.  Watch, and don't worry about whether it all makes sense together.  It doesn't.  For any of us.  That's why we're damaged--maybe forever.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|The story, colors, imagination were all wonderful.  They should have given 3-D glasses out though as the effects were not visible to the naked eye.  Still, this is a beautifully done and very entertaining DVD. Story and music were kind of a twist on the Lion King (same writers?).
0646497855|5.0|I loved this book, is full with tips and it was very usefull for self-study. I really recomend it.
B002SQFZ68|5.0|This is simply Bon Jovi at their best. The Label on the plastic cover states \\"A Concert 25 years in the making.\\" This is a \\"mature\\" Bon Jovi performing at their best. This includes some songs from their recent album \\"Lost Highway\\", plus their classics. This was filmed during 2008, and has a running time of 2 hours & 23 minutes, approximately. This is a fantastic lengthy concert. You certainly get your money's worth with this one.    The songs include:  1.Lost Highway (This is not the Hank Williams song, it's an original Bon Jovi song.)  2.Born to Be My Baby.  3.Blaze of Glory.  4.It's my Life.  5.Keep the Faith.  6.Raise Your Hands.  7.Living in Sin.  8.Chapel of Love.  9.Always.  10.Whole Lot of Leavin'.  11.In These Arms.  12.We Got it Going On.  13.I'll be There for You.  14.(You Want to) Make a Memory.  15.Blood on Blood.  16.Dry County.  17.Have a Nice Day.  18.Who Says You Can't Go Home.  19.Hallelujah.  20.Wanted Dead or Alive.  21.Livin' On a Prayer.  22.Bad Medicine (This is played during the credits portion.)    Bonus Songs:  23.You Give Love a Bad Name.  24.Runaway.  25.Bed of Roses.    This is one fatastic concert, and I highly recommend it. Thanks!!!!
B000002KXV|5.0|It's hard to believe that the 1983 Grammy award for Album of the Year went to Toto for \\"Toto IV\\" instead of \\"The Nightfly.\\"  Fagen had been producing a lasting catalog of innovative & classic rock music with Steely Dan partner Walter Becker for over a decade when he released this absolute stunner and has remained relevant well into the 21st century.  One wonders if the multiple Grammy awards given to Steely Dan in 2001 for \\"Two Against Nature\\" were awarded to correct the error of 1983...  In any case, \\"The Nightfly\\" is a flat-out classic.  Fagen's concept album offering the artist's backward-looking examination of his forward-looking adolescent fantasies entertained in the optimistic 1950s is a delight.  While a natural extension of the slick and sophisticated Steely Dan sound, \\"The Nightfly\\" is a much warmer affair than anything Fagen had done before.  Steely Dan lived in a shady musical world filled with miscreants, creeps, cynicism, and detachment - a world not yet gone wrong for the young protagonist in \\"The Nightfly.\\"  Fagen's nostalgic affection for his material here distinguishes it from most of his other work and gives it an emotional warmth not normally associated with his music.  There is not a weak song to be found and each track stands on its own while contributing to a very cohesive unifying concept.  The singles \\"I.G.Y.\\" and \\"New Frontier\\" sparkle with sunny idealism even in the face of the cold war threat (even a bomb shelter is just another place for our hero to meet beautiful women).  \\"Maxine,\\" \\"The Nightfly,\\" and \\"The Goodbye Look\\" are more melancholy affairs where the narrator ruminates on dreams of romance and heartache to come.  Each cut is a work of art.  Matching each song's lyrical and melodic craft is a level of musicianship unparalleled.  The album's personnel is a who's who list of the best studio musicians of the day.  Couple the talent with the use of cutting edge recording technology (the album was one of the earlier fully digital recordings) and you have great music that sounds incredible.<br />If you can still remember what it was like to be young, naive, and hopeful, then you will appreciate \\"The Nightfly.\\"  Heck, you can appreciate the musical artistry here even if you were always a cynical jerk, you'll just be missing out on the spirit of what makes this record as special as it is.dings) and you have great music that sounds incredible.<br />If you can still remember what it was like to be young, naive, and hopeful, then you will appreciate \\"The Nightfly.\\"  Heck, you can appreciate the musical artistry here even if you were always a cynical jerk, you'll just be missing out on the spirit of what makes this record as special as it is.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This movie is a must have for any collection. The story line is not unique yet it is amazingly well written that it makes the story that leaves you with a good feeling. The special effects are some of the best I've ever seen (without 3-D glasses). The only disappointment I can say about this movie is it was not long enough. I can't wait for the next Avatar to come and and see what Jake has become.
B000CNFC76|5.0|I admit, I am not a fan of golf.. it has never interested me much. However, this movie grabbed my attention from the beginning. First of all, I love the look of this film. I am a sucker for period films... especially biographies or autobiographies. I never knew the history of golf and it intrigued me. It showed me why this game is still enjoyed to this very day. Shia LaBeouf did an incredible job in this film portraying a young man (Francis Oimet) with a talent, determined to prove himself in a world where only gentlemen earn the right to enjoy this game... simply because they are gentlemen. Yet Francis isn't the only one wanting to prove himself...<br /><br />My only complaint is some of the CGI effects were a bit much... but I appreciated the Director wanting to keep the movie interesting and keep one's attention. Cast and Crew did an incredible job. I encourage you to check it out... rent it first if you still aren't sure about the whole golf thing and then add it to your collection.<br /><br />[also good to note that this is a great choice for those in search of a good family movie, history amateurs, period film fanatics, those who love and appreciate golf... or anyone curious to know more about this game than the latest gossip on Tyger Woods.]
1439153663|4.0|While I found the brief prologue leading into the story abrupt (Lavinia is a young woman for the span of just a few pages, then the story begins when she is a child of 6), the story immediately captured my attention and never let go. Toward the end, the story catches up with where the brief prologue ended. Not that the ending is bad or without closure, but it's almost written in a way that could welcome a sequel - when the story closes, Lavinia is in her early 20s. There has been much death, but there are also new and young lives just beginning at the end of this story. I liked that.<br /><br />This story is so rich with characters and the harsh realities and triumphs both large and small (Miss Martha quitting \\"the drops\\" and becoming strong enough to take charge of her house again; or, young servant girls taking such pleasure in a handmade doll their mama made for them, or of getting clothing scraps \\"from the big house\\" to make small changes of color or designs in their own clothing) of life that both white/owner and black/slave people had to live with in the early 1800s. Told from both perspectives, I felt sympathy for both blacks and whites - Lavinia tells a more unique story because she spends time as part of both the slaves' families, and the white tobacco farm owners' families. As evil as some characters seemed, at least one evil character seemed to have had an ounce of kindness before being influenced and shoved a bit on his path to destruction. There is so much pain and anguish across the board in this book, sometimes it was difficult to read. Because there were such thick lines separating blacks from whites, and such injustice, there was a lot of misunderstandings and little communication: Things were not always as they appeared, which made the heartbreak that much more painful: Some of the tragedies could have been avoided. While many, many wrongs occurred against the slaves, there was also violence and extreme loneliness, despair, madness that befell the landowners.<br /><br />There was a brief respite in the Madden family, who take Lavinia into their home for a few short years until she decides what future she wishes to pursue, at 17. Sarah Madden is Miss Martha's sister, and her husband and daughter, Meg, add a bit of normalcy and more depth to the family.<br /><br />If you enjoy stories of people overcoming the odds to live life as they want to live it, this is a good book to read. I enjoyed it because it included many people's stories and different points of view.rs.    There was a brief respite in the Madden family, who take Lavinia into their home for a few short years until she decides what future she wishes to pursue, at 17. Sarah Madden is Miss Martha's sister, and her husband and daughter, Meg, add a bit of normalcy and more depth to the family.    If you enjoy stories of people overcoming the odds to live life as they want to live it, this is a good book to read. I enjoyed it because it included many people's stories and different points of view.
B002S8AH00|5.0|My mom wanted this movie ordered for my daughter and nieces.  It was received as expected - no complaints at all.
B003AO1SVS|5.0|Some albums you have to get used to, some you instantly like upon first listen.  Brothers definitely falls into the latter category for me.
B000SEGTI0|5.0|First, let me say that the Kindle version is the REAL version of this book, as written by Philip K. Dick, just to clear up any confusion.      Having said that, the Kindle reproduction and the novel itself is fantastic.  As an avid reader of dystopian books, I can't help but love Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?.  Much like Isaac Asimov, Philip K. Dick does a fantastic job at melding bold and futuristic action and excitement with deeper philosophical questions (i.e., what it means to be human).  This is a pretty light read (albeit dark in its vision); it's easy to get through and appropriate for almost all audiences.  In fact, if you haven't read it, you're missing out on a crucial piece of 20th century literature.  Its impact on our culture (due in large part to the loose movie adaptation -- Blade Runner) has been significant, and its continuing impact on science fiction in particular is unquestionable.
B00246VKGG|4.0|I was expecting more than a simple DVD branded for public use. The learning aids are actually on the DVD. You'll have to print them out. Good stuff.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I love this music.  It's so uplifting and hard not to sing to.  Some of the song's sound better than ABBA.  However the 2 with Pierce Brosnan singing, stick with ABBA.  Still a fun CD to keep in your car and sing loud to while cruising.
B000A2H2TK|5.0|I was speechless after hearing the album for the first time.  I am still speechless after hearing it many times.  This is a truly experimental album in the art of integrating prog rock with elements of popular music of the time.  Very timely album, and shows how quickly the band assimilated the surrounding influences of the time.  You really have to check it out if you don't know what to make of it based on the reviews here.  This album is going to impress most people, the fans for sure, but even the non-fans should appreciate not only the musicianship but the fantastic compositions.  Very, very solid music.  I am blown away.
0684847817|5.0|I met Froud's faeries 3 years ago, and since I met them, they are my new realty.. I'm so happy to be able to touch them, to read about them.. Thanks to Froud..
0142403873|5.0|Full review at [...]    This month's DFF Book Club title of choice is The Gruffalo by Julia Donaldson   with illustrations by Axel Scheffler. Last month I didn't know about this book. It's not one that I grew up with, it's not something I found in an op shop, and in fact, I don't actually own a copy (yet).    So what is it about this book that has won my heart in less than a month?    I was first introduced to The Gruffalo by our public library system. In scheduling the girls' activities, I signed them up for today's Gruffalo party, hosted at our local library. It was a free event, and I simply thought it would provide an afternoon's entertainment in the middle of the week.    In preparation for today's event and so that the girls would understand what the party was about, I decided to check out the book and read it to them in advance. I also borrowed Donaldson's The Gruffalo Song and other songs CD and book kit.    And we started listening to the songs and reading the book. Again and again. And again.    It wasn't a bad story -- a mouse walks through a forest, meets some bad characters and uses his wits to make up his friend the \\"Gruffalo\\" so he doesn't get eaten. Except that the Gruffalo turns out to be real -- and he wants to eat the mouse too!    But the clever, little mouse wins (of course).    The book is written in rhyme. It's repetitive. There are some great (very British) words and lots of alliteration thrown in, making it fun to read. I love it when the Gruffalo says, \\"Astounding.\\" It's the sort of book that you could easily memorise. Or act out. Or both. How about turning it into a play? (Already been done.)    Really, I must be living under a rock. Either that, or I don't get out enough. Because I had never heard of The Gruffalo before. It turns out that this book is quite a worldwide sensation (or maybe that's just propaganda). The BBC even made it into a 30-minute animation, sticking very closely to the book's script.    The song on the CD enhanced ourenjoyment of the book. Julia Donaldson sings her own songs, and her voice isn't crash hot, but it's passable. My estimation for her has also risen since I've seen some over her videos. She sings and performs well for the pre-school-aged crowd, and doesn't appear to mind the losing her dignity for the sake of the audience.    I really hate the over-marketing that cheapens a good book, but in this case I've been delighted with the song and the film that came from the story. I'd recommend both highly with the book.    And because I'm still not sure that it really is that well-known, I've hunted the best Youtube videos so you can see The Gruffalo for yourself!    To read this full review, please visit: [...]
B0000025H6|1.0|This is not a review of The Wall. I love the Album and consider it one of the Greatest ever made. This is a review of the disks I received. For some reason, the second disk is The Beatles Live at the BBC. Now, I have nothing against the Beatles. I wanted The Wall though. The disc has The Wall art on it, and lists the songs from The Wall, but I get The Beatles.
B0039ZF89G|5.0|anybody who followed the stones from their beginning knows what Mick Taylor meant to the sound of the band. mostly their post-taylor music seems empty; it simply lacks an entire dimension - taylor's fluid, blues-rock solos. fortunately for the glimmer twins, because of the powerful music of the taylor-era the stones endured and prospered. unfortunately for mick taylor, he has not. and the royalties he deserved for his contributions stopped in 1982. until he gets paid, i suggest if you want to buy a stones album at least buy one of mick's, too. you just might hear what's missing from \\"the greatest rock n roll band in the world\\".
B000002UAX|5.0|Miles Davis once said that jazz records should be recorded and released with all the mistakes left intact, in order to reflect the true spirit of the music. This is what the Beatles did with \\"The White Album,\\" when they who overruled George Martin's efforts to tighten up the album and make it a more commercial product. Ragged but brilliant, with some of the Beatles' best songs ever. There's McCartney's \\"Helter Skelter\\" -- a heavy metal song before there was heavy metal, and with a wonderful bit of Beatlesque humor at the very end (\\"I've got blisters on my fingers!\\"). There's \\"Yer Blues\\" -- one of Lennon's top songs, it both makes fun of and transcends the limits of white-man blues. The song also includes a sly reference to Dylan's \\"Ballad of a Thin Man.\\" There's \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" -- possibly Harrison's best song, with some of Eric Clapton's most wrenching guitar playing. Plus \\"Blackbird,\\" \\"Happiness Is a Warm Gun,\\" \\"Julia,\\" \\"Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da\\" (check out the horn section), \\"Sexy Sadie\\" (Lennon's put-down of the Maharishi), and others. \\"The White Album\\" is in the same exalted category as \\"Rubber Soul,\\" \\"Revolver,\\" and \\"Abbey Road\\" -- essential rock albums.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Planet Earth is available in 2 different versions of the same footage: the BBC original narrated by Sir David Attenborough and the Discovery Channel's narrated by Sigourney Weaver. This is a review of the the BBC edition. It has way more footage extra footage of the two, it is presented in a stunning 1080i (although it is marketed as 1080p), and the narration by Sir David Attenborough is far more interesting than Sigourney Weaver's.<br /><br />This a must have for anyone ho loves nature shows, learning, or considers themselves Blu-ray owners. You simply must see it to believe how great a picture it is.
B00005ASHM|5.0|The Four Freshmen, Phil Spector, Glenn Miller(!)...These and other influences on one hand; \\"Pet Sounds\\" on the other. Paul McCartney et al have hailed it as a masterpiece. Two things I'll mention: (1) The stereo version is a revelation -- For me, even better than the original. (2) After the often over-the-top production of preceding songs, you get a restrained, brief (only two minutes and 15 seconds or so) song at the end. It almost seems like an afterthought, but it's not: \\"Caroline No\\" was Brian Wilson's favorite song on the album, described by him as \\"the prettiest ballad I've ever sung.\\"
B00005JCAA|5.0|This is a tremendous work of art. A true Sheakspearean black comedy. Might have something to do with when I saw at theatre with my g/f at the time and my sister. I was dealing with love, addiction, and the sudden death of a friend. The score is sweeping and the subject matter heart wrenching. That scene at the climax is so emotional makes almost unwatchable. Susan's realization of Joe's true identity and what is transpiring is believable. Some films just grip you and dont let go. It has be on HBO for about 1 1/2 mos. and have watched six times. I may have seen it around a dozen times. This is not unique to myself as I have learned from the web. What Im saying is to give the film a chance at least one time...might change your life.
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|WOW!  What a welcome break from what is played daily on the radio.  Every song is full of messages and great sounds.  Positive combination! I have always been a fan of Damian Marley and his combination with NAS has created a very powerful union.  If you are tired of the pole music and nonsense that is played everyday, try this CD.
B00127RAJY|5.0|A friend of mine introduced me to this video and I decided to purchase my own back in March. I took the 30-day shred title seriously and set a goal to work out for 30 consecutive days. The video is broken down into 3, 20 minute, circuit training programs. The warm up and cool down are included in the 20 minutes so it's great for those who are limited on time. It goes quickly because you're moving from beginning to end. I felt Jillian did a good job motivating and encouraging.   You progress at your own pace so you decide when to move to the next level or you can mix up the workouts by doing a level a day; 1,2,3 then 3,2,1. I get bored easily so alternating the levels worked great for me. I started to see ab definition at about the 25 day mark, and everything else that gravity had taken a hold of, I was able to start tightening up! I lost 8 pounds in 31 days, and an additional 2 pounds in another week and half. I am now working out 6 days a week after having taken a week off after my 30 day challenge. I haven't met my target goal yet, but I am thankful for this video because it allows me a serious workout in a short amount of time and has motivated me to take better care and think of long term health benefits and not just fitting into my jeans, although that is a bonus!
B002VPE1AW|5.0|My family and I enjoyed the movie very much.  We even  carried the movie on vacation.  The movie arrived in a timely manner and I appreciated the ease of ordering  the movie.  I will order again.
B0039SFKSW|5.0|I just Want to say that Asia's New Cd Omega is Great. The song listen Children Is  A Great song with a great Beat to it. I give the Cd 5 stars.John Wetton does a great job singing on the CD. Carl John Steve and Geoffey Do a great Job Playing  on the CD.
B003E8P9G0|3.0|This novel never really got off the ground.  I pre-ordered it and could not wait for its release.  I was very disappointed.  I found the whole Sadie telling the story, then Carter telling the story, then Sadie telling the story etc etc etc very confusing.  I think it should have been told by one person.  Being told by both took away from instead of adding to the story.      I do have to say that the second half of the book was better than the first.  The first half almost cured my insomnia!  If I had not just finished the Percy Jackson series I would not have stuck with this book.  I  know that Riordan can do better and was waiting for that throughout the whole story.    Hopefully Rick is reading all of the reviews and will incorporate the common denominator suggestions.  The premise of this series is good and it has potential.    Do I suggest this read?  Hmmm.  I would wait until the second one comes out and if the reviews on that one are positive then start the series.
B003K1EYM6|5.0|This does just what you need it to do, and it does it well. A gizmo that allows me to almost instantly review my photos (jpeg and RAW!) and videos while in the field is just what the doctor ordered. The fact that I can then EMAIL them via the field (with 3G models) is miraculous! If I had to be picky, I might agree with reviews which are critical of the fact that you cannot enlarge and inspect the previews before deciding whether or not to import. But like I say, that is being pretty picky. The connection kit is killer.
B001LF3YQK|1.0|I went through two of these.  the first wouldn't snap closed securely from the moment I took it out of its packaging.  the replacement I received lasted a couple of short months before cracking and falling apart.  I don't think that qualifies it as an alternative to disposable, travel-wipes packages.  they amount to the same in landfill waste.  very disappointing.
B000X107GI|4.0|Not much more you can say about batteries, but they work great.  I bought this particular pack for my roommate Omalley.  Along with his extensive motorized doll collection that take this exact size battery, we recently bought him an automatic toy bubble maker.  He plays with this, blowing bubbles, all day a night in his room by himself, so we were wise to purchase the 5-pack.<br />It's a lifesaver to know that he can occupy himself with his dolls and bubbles for extensive periods of time due to the battery life of this particular brand.<br /><br />A+ in my book, keep the good products going, and I know my roommate Omalley would say the same thing if the batteries would just run out long enough for him to stop playing with his dolls!
B000A7DVR2|5.0|This movie is random and hilarious.  It has more movie quotes than you could ever imagine.  you will watch it over and over...
B00005NKKY|5.0|I too bought this album in 1968 the year it came out.  From the very first it was my favorite of all their albums.  Through the years I have bought this album several times, and though I have been without a copy for more than 20 years, I still love the songs.  Interestingly enough, I was telling a young (23) co-worker about the ablum and in particular about \\"At The Zoo\\" which, though there is no special significance to the song, it's just a fun and funny song that sticks in the mind.  Many of the songs are hauntingly beautiful; every bit as much as they were when I was 17.  If you have listened to this ablum, and it doesn't resonate with your soul in some way, I'd be truly surprised.  An excellent ablum that has withstood the test of 42 years, and is still fantastic.
B001R4MEYS|5.0|I had not heard of Mastodon before.<br /><br />I know.  But I haven't.  I am a metal fan and a monster Progressive Rock and Prog Metal fan.  I love Dream Theater, Iron Maiden etc.. and I was reading a review of different new metal cd's out a couple of months ago, and came across a review of Crack The Skye (CTS).  They said it was an incredible prog metal cd.<br /><br />I went out and bought it.<br /><br />I have bought a lot of Prog Metal (PM) and fired up the digital player and have been disappointed to say the least... but CTS was fantastic.<br /><br />This is not a speed metal type of recording.  And, well, I really don't care if it is or it isn't.. this is pure metal.  And the guitar playing and the songwriting is really just great.<br /><br />I have listened to Dream Theater since forever, and really they had ruled the roost in Prog Metal, but no more.<br /><br />The cd is heavy, power grungy in some places... but nowhere would you mistake this for anything less than aggressive.  And if you like guitar and soaring songwriting that Prog rock gives you, this recording is really for you.<br /><br />I went out and bought Blood Mountain, Mastodon's last cd, expecting to hear something similar to this, and I was shocked that they really didn't have any Prog Metal on it at all.. don't get me wrong Blood Mountain is a really great Metal cd... but not PM.<br /><br />If you like metal music, you will most likely enjoy this.<br /><br />If you like Prog Metal, you are going to be jumping up and down.... this is really the best Prog Metal since Black Clouds and Silver Linings by Dream Theater (get that too!)<br /><br />Have Fun.
1439190275|5.0|I was given a copy of this book by a friend of mine.  I echo what Knows Better stated below.  Although, I consider myself flexitarian, I eat vegetarian on most days. I too had weight loss that stalled out.   A review of my diet diary revealed that I was loading up on the high starch carbs and sugars.  As soon as I switched to the vegetarian menus suggested in the book, the weight started moving again.      This book goes out of its way to dispell some of the Atkins myths.   First, the book puts alot of stress on getting most of your net carbs (12-15 net carbs) in induction from what they call foundation vegetables - i.e high fiber, high vitamin, low nutrient dense vegetables. This translates to 5-8 servings of vegetables a day. Now, how can I argue with that?      Second, they emphasize making the program work for you and, give you strategies to personalize it.  Some people (those with 15 lbs or less to goal, the very physically active, or vegetarians) can start in the ongoing weight loss phase:  lacto-ovovegetarians at 30-35 gms net carbs, vegans at 50 net carbs.     In the same way, there is a whole chapter devoted to the role of protein and how much a person should get. And, they are quick to point out that some (petite women such as myself) must pay attention to portion size.  For example, reading in chapter 7, The Power of Protein, it is advised that I get a minimum of 71 gms of protein. This isn't hard to do:  2 eggs or 1 egg and 3 egg whites or a protein smoothie at breakfast, 4 ounces of protein at lunch, and 4 ounces of protein at dinner - all of which can come from vegetarian sources - and I've met my suggested minimum.     Emphasis is also placed on checking with your health care professional and there is a whole chapter, chapter 13, they consider you share with your health care professional.      Other strengths of the book are one week menu plans for each phase of the program - INCLUDING menu plans for vegetarians and vegans, tips on eating in restaurants, the importance of exercise and how to begin an exercise program, as well as a discussion on metabolic syndrome and diabetes.
0525421580|5.0|I usually do not write reviews but this book was fantastic.  I also do not have a lot of time on my hands to read, but this book made me want to read more every time I picked it up.  The authors do a great job with character development and I had fun picturing in my mind what the characters actually looked like.  I wish I would have read this book in high school or college, as it truly pinpoints emotions/thoughts/growing pains of discovering who you are during this point in your life.  However it was still a great read at this point in my life and I highly recommend it.
B003HE2B9Y|4.0|Lots of fans were apparently disappointed that Rihanna's \\"Rated R\\" album wasn't more upbeat. The songs were mostly dark and pensive. No worries as barely 6 months later, 10 of the tracks have been remixed and given the uptempo club treatmentb by Chew Fu.<br /><br />The ballad \\"Russian roulette\\" has been transformed into a club-friendly number with stomping beats, droning synths and those awesome harmonies intact. Similarly remixed is the ballad \\"Stupid on love\\" with mournful synths and additional harmonies. Also pleasantly transformed are \\"Rokstar 101\\",  the Techno/Trance \\"Wait your turn\\", \\"Hard\\", and \\"Fire bomb\\".<br /><br />Not everything works though, \\"Rude boy\\" gets slowed down and stripped of any tune, as is \\"G4L\\", but I'm sure there are some that will find something to like in them. While I prefer most of the album versions over these, it's good to have a danceable alternative. A great party soundtrack!
B00005JKED|5.0|Not your typical Denzel movie. Mean, hard,bounce you around movie. liked it alot. One of films that I loved the ending!!
B0039TD7RC|2.0|The Beatles catalog was rereleased in September to much deserved fanfare. The flat and tinny quality of the first CD's was replaced with a warmer, more organic and human sound. Not only did you hear details you hadn't heard before, but the music moved you in a way that the first CD's could not. That is what good sonics is ultimately about- connecting emotionally with the music.     \\"Exile On Mainstreet\\" deserves to be in the rock canon. This review is not about its artistic merits, but the sound quality. There are aspects of this CD that sound better than the 1994 version. The sound is more detailed and there is more separation of instruments- there is a more distinct sound stage. But as other reviewers have pointed out, those benefits are spoiled by a harsh sounding midrange and high end. Overall, the '94 Virgin version is more listenable and less fatiguing.     If you are listening to EOMS on your iPod or a $300 system (with flashing colored disco lights) from Target, I don't think it will make any difference. But if you have a better system and were hoping for a sound improvement similar to the recent Beatles remasters, you will be disappointed.     Perhaps some day they will issue an SACD or a lossless file version when we all have digital servers instead of these imperfect and problematic CD players.     I would be interested in hearing from those out there with turntables how the LP sounds.
0007136838|5.0|My favorite Agatha Christie, this is a thriller with such an ingenious plot, such memorable characters, such pithy dialogue and a setting that is so chilling and fascinating, that it all adds up to first-class murder thriller entertainment. In fact I used the idea of an island setting myself for [[ASIN:1435720857 Merryll Manning: Trapped on Mystery Island]], my first book in the \\"Merryll Manning\\" series. I like the cover of this edition too!
B0036EH3XE|3.0|What are we doing here? Usually, people who read the comments on Amazon do so in order to decide if the purchase of the DVD is worth it. \\"Lost\\" isn't a serie where you can buy any season you want or, let's say, buy the first three and then stop. You can maybe read the comments of the first season and then decide if it's worth the buy. At the most, you buy season one, then read the comments for season 2 and decide if it's worth purchasing. After that, you're cut. So if people are writting comments here, it is because they want to discuss their views of the final. So let's do so.    SPOILER ALERT (you're warned):    I'm not quite sure i got it. Can i explain to you all what i think happened? Then you can tell me if i'm \\"lost\\"?    So... the characters had their lives before. A life filled with despair. Then, as children, they were chosen and touched by Jacob to become candidates to protect an island that is really a cork that keeps Hell from invading Earth (Jacob said so to Richard). Then, as adults, They crashed on that island. They lived through all those surreal events and some of them died on that island. Some others left and died a natural death in their back-to-normal life. And some of them returned to the island, became the new protector and died maybe hundred of years after. The island finally went to the bottom of the sea (as seen in episode one of this last season). Point is, they ALL died at some point. Then, they all went to purgatory and wandered around until they all figured out that they were in fact in purgatory, the character of Desmond being the one to see all that and reunite them all. The lives they lived in that purgatory is the alternate life we see during season 6, right? Then, Jack, the natural leader of the candidates, dies and they can all gather and go to Heaven, except Ben who still needs to make amends (cause that is the role of purgatory).    Is that it? Did i get it right?     At first, i thought they were all dead from the very beginning. When Jack opened his eyes at the start of season one, he was in purgatory. That explained the magical aspects of the island. And we didn't really need closure on every little detail cause it was purgatory anyway. And at the end, jack realises that he's dead, comes to accept it and goes back to the beginning and closes his eyes. I know now that this is not it. But i do wonder whay he sees the plane flying by.     But if my second theory is right, the first one i told you that is, it then means that the magical side of the island is real. Then it is a bit disappointing to not have all the answers. Then maybe yes, the writters did in fact stretched the story a bit too far without being able to come full circle with all their narrative devices.     Nevermind that.    It's easy to see that they knew all along where they were going. It was the souls of the characters that were \\"lost\\". The adventures they lived together defined their lives. And Jack was their natural leader. So when they all died, they waited for him in order to go to Heaven. Even if it meant waiting in purgatory for thousand of years.    Yeap. This is one heck of a TV series. One that will enrich lots of winter nights with discussions. Don't just bother to buy season 6. Buy them all!     Now, i don't feel \\"lost\\" anymore.    Unless you tell me that i'm so way off.    Please answer.
0525951113|1.0|I am befuddled by the numerous excellent reviews of this book - it is undoubtably the worst highly-reviewed book I've ever read, vastly surpassing Dan Brown, and a book I had to struggle mightily to finish. It started off well, then turned somewhat silly and illogical, and ultimately death-spiraled into utter juvenile idiocy.    Seriously, there is nothing redeeming about this novel at all.  Cardboard characters, poor pacing, and a plot completely lacking in believability and internal logic.  The Publishers Weekly review posted on Amazon begins by noting that the book was \\"[o]riginally self-published\\".  I readily see why - and it should have stayed that way.    Some (SPOILER) examples: If the Daemon were indeed AI, although I'd still question why it did what it did, perhaps there could be sufficient suspension of belief to buy into the story.  However, the author is clear that Daemon is not true AI, and is instead just software programmed to engage in certain actions upon the occurrence of predetermined trigger events.  Even computer games specifically designed to work in that fashion almost always have bugs in them - so the idea that insane megalomaniac Bill Gates could prior to his death write software that would perfectly predict events occurring years thereafter in the manner and with the degree of success described in the book is absurd.  As is a single hacker simultaneously directing hundreds of remote controlled cars, including his own, all speeding at 60-100 mph attacking fortified positions.  As is the program successfully hacking prisons to release gangbangers from jail, who are then interrogated by an MRI mindreading device and become servants of the Daemon that get excited about \\"leveling up\\".      In sum, this is shockingly bad drivel.  If you want to read good cyberpunk about programming gone wild, try Neil Stephenson's Snow Crash, or a good book about AI perhaps Robert J Sawyer's WWW:Wake.
B003J9D02O|4.0|Pendulum are a Drum & Bass/Rock collective from down under, and \\"Immersion is their third album.<br /><br />\\"Genesis\\" is a triumphant sounding intro with horns and skittery beats, leading to the instrumental \\"Salt in the wounds\\" \\"Watercolour\\" is high octane and incredibly catchy, while the harrowing sounding \\"Set me on fire\\" is Electro Dub.<br /><br />The buzzing \\"Crush\\" is a frantic Rocker, as are the Linkin Park-style \\"Witchcraft\\" and \\"Self vs self\\" (featuring In Flames, and screamed vocals).<br /><br />The echoing Electro \\"Immunize features Liam Howlett of The Prodigy (and repetitive lyrics). \\"The island\\" is split in two parts; \\"Dawn\\" which is ambient Eurodisco (think Pet Shop Boys), and rhe largely instrumental \\"Dusk\\" filled mostly with electronic buzzes and squelches.<br /><br />The skittery \\"The fountain\\" features Steve Wilson, while closing is the sublime \\"Encoder\\", the closest approximation to a ballad.<br /><br />This is one pendulum that will make you swing!
6304696566|5.0|One of the best \\"Classic Westerns\\" Big John is in his prime. Scenery in this movie is totally awesome. Just an all around great movie. Shows that movie doesn't have to have an \\"R\\" rating to be great. When you add John Wayne, Ward Bond, all the other great actors with  \\"John Ford\\" you get pure entertainment.
B0037XPP7U|5.0|All hail the Queen!  All hail Cate Blanchett!  To me, she's the new Meryl Streep.  I was mesmerized by her performance.  I love Queen Elizabeth and I remembering seeing this in the theatre and thinking to myself, \\"who is this incredible actress with this intense presence?\\"  We all know Queen Elizabeth as a hard ruler.  However, in this film, you see her as a person, both cold and passionate, hard and soft, independent yet yearning.  You feel the tug and pull within her character and you feel for her predicament.  This was a tour de force performance.  It's a brilliant start for this amazing actress.  It is outrageous that Gwenyth Paltrow won the Best Actress Oscar that year.  But then again, we know that the Oscars are very political.  Paltrow's performance was good, but not glorious like Cate's Elizabeth.
B002RI9ZPY|4.0|Thought it tied up all the threads nicely, really enjoyed it. Was a bit jumpy.
B000C8Q97S|4.0|This movie was really good and my service from the seller was awesome... I would buy from this seller again.
B000002H97|5.0|Couldn't find this cd anywhere locally.  Thanks for sending it in so short a time.  It's great service.
0061876747|5.0|This is a wonderfully entertaining novel, written by a master storyteller. Plus it conveys a serious theme concerning the well-orchestrated promotion of a new \\"wonder drug\\" which is, in fact, a child killer. Reminiscent of other, real world, examples of drugs rushed on to the market with tragic results.But this novel does not pretend to be anything more than it is: a rattling good yarn told by a literate, intelligent writer.
031606792X|1.0|I did not receive my book.  I had to email them to find out and eventually asked for my money back after a month.  I think it is strange that it would take a month to get a book that I could have bought at WalMart.  I did receive my full refund.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This was the first time I had bought anything from  Amazon.  I was very pleased.  The product was just as I was hoping it would be.  After a terrible experience in ordering videos from someplace in China that turned out to just be copies from the TV, I will order again from here.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|This comes with two discs: one standard DVD movie and one in Blu-ray format, which worked fabulous for us.  We kept the DVD and gave the Blu-ray to my parents who have a Blu-ray player.    Of course the movie itself is spectacular.  It even translates to small TV fairly well for such a large-spectacle movie.    I was a little disappointed when I watched the DVD for the first time, though.  Being a fan, I was hoping for special features (making of featurettes, cast interviews, director commentary, deleted scenes, etc.).  However, there is only the movie.  This is not an Amazon product glitch either.  (My step-mother bought the exact same thing from Barnes & Noble for twice the price.)    I don't know if the Blu-ray has any of these special features or not.  Perhaps the production company is going to wait until the sequels are done?  Or are going to release the special features separately???    This lack of special features is the ONLY reason I didn't give this product all five stars.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|not th same as th 3D version I saw in th theater. But still so so worth watching. their were no problems with th dvd. sadly I cant report on th Blue Ray. Sorry.<br />Looking for a deep story that everytime you watch it you'll notice another something you missed th times before.... This is definately one that will keep you involved till th end.
B002RAREAK|5.0|A little bit of everything in this album.  No, it cannot pass Confessions (almost every song on that album was the cut...very hard to do in music), but there's a different type of hit for alot of audiences on this album.  Monstar - I love some of the chorus on that song, although a little wierd;  Daddy's Home -  a nice sounding single to come out with. There's goes my baby - love this cut, smooth lyrics like \\"I felt like im in a move baby, Im like oo we baby, awww\\" love it; Pro Lover-  I just love that song; Mars Vs. Venus - is the cut, old school R&B sound; OMG - great workout song, although took some time to grow on me, but now it knocks hard; She don't know - decent, although it can get annoying; Papers-  old hit but decent, and Lil Freak -  the lyrics are raunchy, but I like the beat.     Overall it has 7 or 8 songs that I listen to, that's very good for any album.  Way to go.  I'm still a big fan.  He's on my top 5 favorite artists list.
B0039TD7RC|5.0|This 2010 remaster might be a victim of the loudness wars, but I'm glad it sounds louder and not as flat as the Virgin label 1994 mix. This remaster is loud and the instruments sound clear, and are seperated fine. Exile was always a murky album, not recorded on the best equipment but rather Kieth Richards basement. So really how much better is the 2010 remaster gonna sound, so with that I'm glad that this 2010 remaster is louder. The bonus disc is a joy to listen to even though most of the tracks have Stones vocals recorded in 2009. To me some of these left off tracks could have been put on Exile in 1972, or used on \\"Goats Head Soup\\" 'It's Only Rock n Roll'. even 'Black And Blue'. I'm shocked even with the fresh new Stones (obviously older vocals) just how good these extra songs are. I really got this delux edition just for the extra songs, realizing the Stones don't make music like this anymore. Hopefully their future albums will be more like Stones (1968-1973). \\"[[ASIN:B000A7Q27I A Bigger Bang]]\\" 2005 the last studio Stones album, has some of that (1968-1973)sound to it. Check it out, if you haven't listened to it yet. Ya know everybody has their own opinion on this 2010 'Exile' remaster. I'll take your word on it, the readers opinion. I learn something from every review good or bad. Released 5/12/1972, with great musicians on this album, Exile On Mainstreet is a well crafted effort. The Rolling Stones were at their creative zenith, a peak they could never reach again, despite some good after efforts 1973 on. Buy this delux edition, it is worth it, the packaging could have had a few words written about the making of Exile but does'nt. All in all the packaging was a major dissapointment. The remaster and the extra tracks were the only reason why I bought it. What would be really nice is if the Stones ever tour playing Exile, I wish Mick and Keith would allow Bill Wyman and Mick Taylor to join the band again. I'm sure contractual reasons would prohibit this from happening or some other legal issues. As far as 'Exile on Mainstreet', AWESOME!!!!! there are many great reviews of'Exile' all these great reviews have spoken for me..............
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Though there is some violence in this movie, the story and graphics are wonderful.  It's definitely a keeper!
1421527618|4.0|Caught word across Collider that the script by the same title had been sold to WB studios. I have to admit the title alone sold me on the book, and looking through the summery just prompted me to put the order in then and there.     Having read it over a couple times I have to say it's one of the better science fiction short stories out there. It's a brilliant blend of \\"Aliens\\", \\"Groundhogs Day\\", and battle mech. But the strongest part of the book is the character's growth from greenhorn to hardened veteran. In that it happens almost without you noticing it, as the progression moves very naturally and without those stand out scenes of \\"oh now he knows the tiger stance and now he knows the crane\\" etc. It's all through subtle changes in the language of the narrative that shifts the tone.     A very smooth and well developed short read. I would recommend this to anyone who's a fan of science fiction and action narratives.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|One can only relate to the pass history of human kind and their relation with all indigenous native tribes and the outcome to even include total extinction. That the life lived upon is a mere transitory moment in time to the destiny of our true existence.
B002N1AEN2|2.0|I bought this album because a friend suggested it, and all the reviews here were great. Even the guy at the CD warehouse was like,\\"Oh yeah! XX is cool.\\" Personally,after listening to it several times, I think its highly over rated. The muscians are too sleepy, doped up, lazy, or \\"too cool\\" to actually sing the words. In fact no talent in vocal variety or emotional expression is conveyed.     On top of that the phrase \\"give it up\\" is used in three different songs. I find it obnoxious when muscians recycle their lyrics like that. They almost did it to a fourth song but probably realized they might be getting repetitive, instead opting for the words \\"give in\\".    I kept waiting to be punched in the face with something inspiring or beautiful. Or at least something that would swell to a climax. But this is the kind of music you wash dishes to. That, or your idea of jamming out is standing still while smoking the cigarettes you found on the floor.    Each song has this melodic, yet easily forgetable guitar playing. On top of that, layer some synthetic slaps and percussion. Add the monotone voices and you are set for sleeping.    Didnt The Cure do a better job of this type of music in the 80's?    On the plus side, this band may have \\"potential\\". I feel like something extreme should happen to them though... either lots of deaths, or exposure to better artists, or whatever to refine and polish their sound.    In conclusion, borrow this CD from someone or watch the band on youtube before you waste your money. How anyone could describe it as the best album of any year, is clearly someone who isnt a connoisseur of music variety or history.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This was a very good movie the special effects were to die for coloration was increadable
B002UXRH10|5.0|Not that I'm surprised, but this CD was excellent!  Every song on it is great and I can listen to it over and over again!  Great for working out to also!
0061537969|5.0|This is the first time I have ever written a review on a book, but I felt so compelled to after reading this beautiful story.    I am a dog lover and that is why I purchased this book. It gripped me from start to finish.     I had goose bumps at the ending and as a previous review stated, it does make you look twice at your own 4 legged friend, and wonder what he really is thinking.    This book is incredibly moving and captivating and it leaves you wanting to adopt a dog like Enzo.     Its very cleverly and beautifully written and I highly recommend it!
B00020HEL6|5.0|Arrived as promised and ahead of schedule! Renee Olstead has an amazing voice on any CD she releases.
030726999X|2.0|I knew the writing style would become an irritation as soon as I read, \\"All right,\\" Jonasson said wearily.<br /><br />The most basic beginner's class teaches writing students to never use adverbs in such a way.<br /><br />Cannot give the writing more than a C grade - however, the story is strong, and since the author and his book(s) are already successes, my congratulations. I will assume English was his second language, thus the poor assembly of words, phrases and the plethora of adverbs.
B00074CBMY|5.0|Sorry I never got on to this when it first come out. Joe is brilliant.
B0036EH3XE|4.0|Oh em gee.  I can't stand the suspense.  I need antacids.  Internet privacy rules!
B000JNZR3S|5.0|Arrived as promised and ahead of schedule! Fantastic artist but Skylark is still my favorite.
B0002YCVXI|5.0|This is an amazing collection - every single track is beautiful.  Very diverse, since these are all from various movies, most of which you would not recognize. Some are lush romantic pieces, and others are driving numbers for western movies.   I have given this CD to a number of people and they all love it.  One was a teen who said he only liked metallica - and yet he loved this one and bought it for himself.   You will not be disappointed on this one.
6305181772|5.0|The first movie of the Tom Cruise trilogy is also the best, for one reason:  It feels just like the original TV series.  Plot twists that would make M Night Shyamalan crap his trousers, great acting all around, and even the subtle details that previous viewers will likely smack themselves for not seeing or hearing the first time... MI2 was an action movie that used a few elements of the show, but it wasn't a worthy sequel.  MI3...felt like Tom Cruise was just showing off Katie Holmes without actually having her in it.
B0036B8MZU|5.0|To start this..this is the first review i posted up on amazon.com and to say this was BY far the best series show i have seen on any of the movie channels. i have never miss a episode. And i am for sure getting this blu-ray collection. I AM SPARTACUSSSSSSSSS!!!!! =) It has BLOOD...Its has Sex..It makes u wonder and think whats gonna happen next when the episode ends. I have never gotten so hype for a show like this. anyways you guys needs to get this.     Also if u haven't catch an episode. YOU must see it because you be hooked.
B0036EH3WU|5.0|I bought the 5 season set earlier this year and it is great to watch the second time around.  you get even more seeing it wide-screen and with all the fantastic bonuses.  That being said, I didn't get a box.  And I want a box! So I hope the DD producers are listening!  Throw in a free box for everyone who buys the final season DVD's.  (It would also encourage anyone just buying the final season to go back and get the rest to fill the big box up!)  We want a big box just like the one that houses all 6 seasons. Because most of your fans already own the first five seasons and we will all need that box. Or charge us $3.99 for the box separately, and we will all likely buy it when we go to get the sixth season DVD's!  Set a standard for releasing the final season and a box to put them all in and your fans will love you even more than they already do!  Don't make us send the smoke monster after you!  Give us the BOX when we buy the final DVD's!
0812973992|5.0|Better described as a literary work of art than a novel, Let The Great World Spin, is brilliant and profound -- and well-deserving of its National Book Award. As life is episodic, so are the interconnected stories of a diverse cast of characters that populate this novel. An Irish Catholic monk. An African-American hooker, and her heroin-addicted daughter. A wealthy socialite named Claire grieving the loss of her son in Vietnam. A Jewish judge. Computer geeks. A guy who photographs graffiti. The novel revolves around the connections -- often in unexpected ways -- of these characters with the common thread of Philippe Petit's daring tightrope walk between the Twin Towers in August, 1974.<br /><br />Part of the wonder of the novel is the verisimilitude with which McCann renders these characters. Endowed by their creator with beautiful, elegant, but clearly delineated voices, these New Yorkers practically spring off the page. They are so real, themselves so human. And through them, McCann offers a simple road map for being human: Connect. Love. Hope.<br /><br />But the novel isn't just about the interconnectedness of people; it's about connecting with a moment, a memory, an image. As the broke-down hooker Tillie wastes away in jail, she remembers a week spent at an expensive hotel with a trick who only wanted to talk with her, respected her, practically loved her. She relies on that memory to help her navigate the vicious downward spiral of her life. Gloria, a poor black woman, who befriends the grieving mother Claire based on their shared experience of losing children to the Vietnam War, explains this idea as clearly as the English language could render it: \\"I guess you live inside a moment for years, move with it and feel it grow, and it sends out roots until it touches everything in sight.\\"<br /><br />This novel is also a portrait of New York City. Spanning races and classes, it's a tribute to the city's diversity, richness and history. As McCann tells us through one of his characters, \\"The city lived in a sort of everyday present....New York kept going forward precisely because it didn't give a good goddamn about what it had left behind.\\"  And then later, \\"(The tightrope walker) had made himself a statue, but a perfect New York one, a temporary one, up in the air, high above the city. A statue that had no regard for the past.\\" For that reason, Petit's walk was a \\"stroke of genius.\\"<br /><br />And though 9/11 is never mentioned explicitly, it's clearly the undercurrent for and possibly the impetus of this novel. As people connected based on the novelty and shared experience of Petit's walk, so also did they connect on the shared and horrific experience of the terrorist attacks on the most horrific day in American history. McCann, seemingly randomly at the time, includes a photo of \\"a man high in the air while a plane disappears, it seems, into the edge of the building.\\" The photo's weird trick of perspective didn't mean anything particularly interesting until 27 years after it was taken. Now, looking at it, and contemplating its prescience, you can't help but shudder.<br /><br />This is a novel that I cannot leave; it really affected me. As I've written this, I've gone back and reread several of McCann's elegant passages. They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but for McCann, it only takes 95 or so. He conveys images, emotions, memories in words and phrases that are just so precise. For example: \\"She had the bluest eyes, they looked like small drops of September sky.\\"  How many times have you read novelists who totally flub an eye-description analogy? Not McCann -- it's perfect, and that's just one of hundreds of examples throughout the novel. I can't recommend it more highly. Please read it. Please.city lived in a sort of everyday present....New York kept going forward precisely because it didn't give a good goddamn about what it had left behind.\\"  And then later, \\"(The tightrope walker) had made himself a statue, but a perfect New York one, a temporary one, up in the air, high above the city. A statue that had no regard for the past.\\" For that reason, Petit's walk was a \\"stroke of genius.\\"    And though 9/11 is never mentioned explicitly, it's clearly the undercurrent for and possibly the impetus of this novel. As people connected based on the novelty and shared experience of Petit's walk, so also did they connect on the shared and horrific experience of the terrorist attacks on the most horrific day in American history. McCann, seemingly randomly at the time, includes a photo of \\"a man high in the air while a plane disappears, it seems, into the edge of the building.\\" The photo's weird trick of perspective didn't mean anything particularly interesting until 27 years after it was taken. Now, looking at it, and contemplating its prescience, you can't help but shudder.    This is a novel that I cannot leave; it really affected me. As I've written this, I've gone back and reread several of McCann's elegant passages. They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but for McCann, it only takes 95 or so. He conveys images, emotions, memories in words and phrases that are just so precise. For example: \\"She had the bluest eyes, they looked like small drops of September sky.\\"  How many times have you read novelists who totally flub an eye-description analogy? Not McCann -- it's perfect, and that's just one of hundreds of examples throughout the novel. I can't recommend it more highly. Please read it. Please.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This movie is mind blowing how beautiful it looks.  With the right set up it looks amazing.  Blu-ray is a must have.
0061922315|5.0|In secret daughter, an Indian infant Usha, is given up for adoption by her mother, Kavita Merchant, to spare her the fate of becoming another statistic of female infanticide. The loss of her daughter would haunt her for the rest of her life even after the birth of a boy that would elevate her in the eyes of her in-laws.    In California, Somer Thakar, a Medical doctor, suffers yet another miscarriage, a monumental loss and a painful reminder that she will never have kids biologically. Adoption becomes a choice for she and her Medical Doctor husband, Krishan, an Indian Nationale.    Usha, later on renamed Asha (meaning hope) becomes their child via adoption with the help of Sarla Thakkar, Somer's mother inlaw. Her privileged upbringing is no barrier to her emotions as she frets that she was rejected by her birth parents. Her career choice in journalism and her temporary relocation to India on a work assignment simultaneously creates a wedge between her and her adopted mother. Somer also resents her husband for approving of their daughter's decision to work in India temporarily and feels like an alien in her family between her Indian husband and their Indian daughter.    Back in India, Asha's birth parents, the Merchants, struggle financially and emotionally. Their son, Vijay, turns out to be a disappointment as he becomes a drug addict. While Asha is accepted by her extended family in India, she embarks on a search for her birth parents and finally locates their settlement in India. The feeling of resentment and prior rejection evaporates and is replaced by a sense of gratitude that she was given up for adoption to spare her a life of poverty.    Jasu Merchant, powerless over tradtion, still mourns over the death of their first daughter by his cousin, and their second daughter, until his ailing wife, also haunted by her fate, confesses that Usha was not dead at the time of her birth, but that she had given her up for adoption. Armed with this information and the address, he tries to locate the adoption centre and there is informed that she is alive, adopted by an American family and he also gets to read the little note she had left them.    Secret daughter is the best novel that I have read from a writer of Indian ancestry. The author sucesfully conveys the emotional angst of adoption, culture clash and loss in this novel. Though it is a work of fiction, I wish there was a memorable reunion between the birth parents and their daughter.    4.5 stars!
0143038419|4.0|My, people have very strong opinions about this book. The first time that I tried to read it, I felt like flinging it at the wall too, as some disgruntled reviewers have done. The very chatty style, self-pitying descriptions of breakups that happen to all of us turned me off. Please note spoiler alert if you want to keep reading this review.     Later, after seeing Gilbert on Oprah, and now with the intense publicity regarding Julia Roberts's role in the movie, soon to be released, I was curious about why people in general liked/disliked, felt the \\"Pray\\" section in India was boring, but \\"loved\\" the \\"Eat\\" section, and liked the happy ending in the \\"Love\\" section.     So, I hauled out the book again and took another read. Maybe I have matured since I tried to read it a few months ago. But here's my second/third try at this work. Because I think it is exactly that: a good piece of work; not necessarily the writing, which can be too glib, but work on herself.     Liz Gilbert knows herself well enough to lay bare all of her faults, more than once: interrupting people, being arrogant, flirting and thinking that she is so beautiful, etc. etc. etc. If you can accept that this is who she is--warts and all, the descriptions that she gives, especially in the \\"Pray\\" section can be read as illuminating, especially for those readers who might not be interested in a spiritual search at all.     There is a benefit and a drawback from Gilbert's chatty style. It creates a frenetic pace to the book. Which we really don't need more of in this day and age of rushing through everything. Although the style is disconcerting and annoying at times, it does itself a disservice because in many places, Gilbert has something meaningful to say and she says it well. Especially in the \\"Pray\\" section after the Texan goes home. The benefit is that its super-friendly tone is one that apparently many readers need to feel at home with in order to be engaged. Otherwise, they might not read about things like spirituality at all. That's too bad, because it makes something worthwhile appear to be superficial. In this way, Gilbert unwittingly undermines the effectiveness of some of the more substantive ideas in the book which are pretty smart and well-written besides (like her description of having experienced God.)     All in all, I feel that the reason that readers liked Italy, felt uncomfortable with India, and were relieved with Bali, is because that is what our culture tells us to feel: that is, fluff and food is fine; spirituality is tough; and falling in love is a relief (except that she doesn't, really.) So, ironically to this reader at least, the intense thumbs up or thumbs down responses to this bestseller is a mirror of our society and our culture.     That's the scary part.
B003F3NDOO|5.0|This show has everything in it that a sitcom should. Laugh out loud moments, friendships and great chemistry among the entire cast.  I loved Courtney Cox in Friends and she is even better in Cougar Town as Jules Cobb. Busy Phillips is a riot as her wild child asistant Laurie.  Josh Hopkins lights up the screen in every scene he is in and Brian  Van Holt is extremely charming and lovable. Ian Gomez is hilarious in his best role since Felicity. Christa Miller is also perfect in her role as Jule's bitchy but funny best friend ellie.  Don't miss this show!!!  It also features GREAT Music.
B002HK9IDQ|5.0|I ADORE this musical!!  I love Audrey Hepburn and Rex Harrison, the music is beautiful, and Marnie Nixon's voice is glorious.  I watch this at least once a year, and love it more every time.  If you haven't seen it, get to it!! [[ASIN:B000297VQA Voice Lessons To Go Volume 1: Vocalize and Breath]]
1600243916|5.0|I found \\"outliers\\" One of the best books,if not the best book on the subject of success ever written.Malcolm Gladwell wrote this book as a corrective and an assault on the way we are taught to view and achieve success which does not work and is dangerous.We pretend that success is based on individual merit,when in fact no one does it alone.The notion that if you are not outrageously successful you just didn't work hard enough,or you just don't have what it takes is to simplistic and almost completely inaccurate.Outliers demystifies success and helps one to realize that people who succeed in a big way are more average than you think and more often than not had outrageous opportunities to find meaningful work,and at a time when ones special talents were needed and opportunity wide open to them.like many things it is not one thing it is many things coming together.Read Outliers.the story of success.
0670021652|2.0|Elizabeth Gilbert is just too much. She said she first wrote a 500 page manuscript that she didn't feel was \\"right.\\" This one sounds like she had to fulfill a contract with her publisher for a second book and she ran out of ideas except to research marriage and divorce as \\"filler.\\"     How did her research affect her decision to marry Felipe along the way? And even though she is skilled at describing their fights on crowded busses, I am sorry to say that she still comes across as a VERY HIGH MAINTENANCE AMERICAN ENTITLED WOMAN. I hope the publishing phenomenon of \\"Eat, Pray, Love\\" doesn't make her a role model for others. Especially after Julia Roberts takes over the role in the movie.     She won't even let her sister throw a party for her when she finally gets married. Is she difficult? You tell me.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I think whether you love or hate the series finale depends upon whether you are a person or science vs a person of faith. I for one feel that Lost is the most perfect series ever created in that the writers saw the story line all the way through from beginning to end and actually cared about the outcome of the characters. What the end showed us was that it was the journey and the friendships/relationships formed by these people that were of true importance over the past six seasons, and NOT THE MINUTIA OF THE PLOT!!! Just like LIFE. In the end, when we die, is it going to be important what jobs we held, what our income we had, what kind of car we drove?  No, it's going to be about who we loved and the things we did for other people to help them or change their lives in some way that will truly matter. That is what Lost is to me. . . a meditation on the meaning of life. Now, I'm not particularly religious or even spiritual but I do believe that we are on this planet to make connections with others. As for why the polar bears were on the island, or the meaning of the light in the cave. . . as Desmond said, none of it matters.
B0017ANAZO|5.0|This movie is absolutely amazing!<br /><br />Due to movie theater prices being so high, I didn't see this while it was on the big screen. I did however see it multiple times when it came on tv. It's a great movie to watch if you are in the mood to see women being and becoming empowered.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|I purchased the movie Avatar and awaited excitedly for its arrival. It shipped within 24 hrs, however, the USPS list it for over 5 days.    When it did arrive, I inserted it into the player and the only thing on the dvd was the movie. That's Good, yes... but I enjoy the Bonus Material. Isn't that why we all changed from VHS to DVD?
1439153663|5.0|I recently went on a Southern tour and was in awe of the Plantaions we saw or what is left of them. I was intriqued by the woman, slaves, wives, and their lives.   I enjoyed this book and it gives a detailed story of an Irish girl, orphaned during passage to America and her life as a worker on a plantation.
B00280LYIM|5.0|This is my favorite Percy Jackson book, although I loved them all.  Annabeth gets a quest to go into the labyrinth to find Daedalus' workshop, in order to protect the camp from invasion.  With her she takes Percy, Tyson, and Grover.  In the labyrinth they encounter different chambers, old and new, and different exits placing them in such places as Alcatraz and NYC etc.  They meet Janus, god of doors, and Hera, whom Annabeth makes mad.  They also find Daedalus and low and behold it is someone they didn't expect.  They explore a bizarre ranch with flesh eating horses and sacred cows.  And Grover, with help from the gang discovers the mystery of Pan!  I would rather not give away a lot of the plot but I will say very fascinating and interesting book!
B0025KW29U|3.0|[[ASIN:B0025KW29U Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog [Blu-ray]]]    This is a review of the May 25th release of the Dr. Horrible Blu-ray.    As a sat down to watch this movie this afternoon I have to say that I was really disappointed in the picture quality.  The colors were mostly ok, but a lot of scenes seemed washed out or blown out.  The biggest and most glaring thing you notice with this Blu-ray is the grain.  Every flat background is so grainy that it feels a bit like VHS grain, only finer.      My setup doesn't really qualify me to comment on the audio quality so I won't.    The movie as a stand-alone product is fantastic and I think previous reviews cover it just as well as I can.  If you don't own this in any media you really need to but it, but don't expect great things from this Blu-ray.
B000SMWUPS|4.0|I bought this buggy buddy because my Uppa Baby stroller did not come with a cup holder or a place to put my cell phone and keys.  It's a great organizer, but it does not hold cups that well.  First of all, your drinks can't be that tall because they won't fit.  They'll hit the stroller handle that the organizer is attached to.  Second of all, when a drink is in one of the cup holders, it off sets the balance in the organizer, and things spill out. So forget about putting a coffee in there!  But I do like it for things like my sunglasses, keys, cell phone, small snacks for baby, and small bottles.
B00280LYHS|4.0|This book was a nice ending to the series I thought.  There is a lot of battle scenes between demigods and titans, Percy lets Paul Blofis in on his \\"secret\\", we meet Luke's mother and learn the true history on his family life and why he ran alway.  The plot is basically summed up with the demigods defending Olympus against the Titans.  But other interesting things include Rachel becoming an oracle, some of the Gods actually showing affection for their kids, the truth about Nico and Bianca's past, and a new prophecy....maybe more books in the future????  Would be cool!  Great series!  Really enjoyed the writing and all the Greek mythology.
1400096936|2.0|The paperback edition of \\"The Power of the Dog\\" is 514 pages long. I put it aside at page 400 because 400 pages of waiting for something of interest to happen is too much. Perhaps the book would have been worth finishing (or at least finishable) if it were 1/3 the length, but it's not.  \\"The Power of the Dog\\" is a long, long, long story of drug dealing, robberies, torture, assination, shadow-government-sponsored warfare, and what have you set in Central America, Mexico and environs, and New York City. Very little of what is written is plausible; every \\"character\\" has as much depth as the typical 1940s comic book hero (or, for the sole female character, the typical noir novel femme fatale); and the narrative is disjointed and so repetitive that the story seems spare, even though it's badly over written.  I actually found the experience of reading some of this akin to listening to second-rate ganster rap (e.g., the Geto Boys): a bit is amusing enough, but the entire package quickly gets tedious. With the Geto Boys I push the off button, and with \\"The Power of the Dog,\\" I put it on the recycle shelf.
B003BKF696|2.0|While I own and enjoy a couple of other outings by The National, the release of High Violet finds the band adrift. The CD just kind of goes nowhere until Afraid of Everyone and Bloodbuzz Ohio. Then it sinks back into the doldrums for most of the remainder of the album, the one remaining bright spot being Conversation 16. One has to ask whether the band is running out of ideas. I like a lot of different kinds of music, but the hype that greeted this is surely inflated. My suggestion to anyone considering buying High Violet is to try and hear it first. Liking their previous albums is no guarantee you'll like this.
B002RL7W9W|4.0|I got this for my nephew who really loves Star Wars stuff, and it was a hit with him.  May the Force be with him always!
B002Q4TKAO|5.0|This video is a must have for Killer fans!!!! Great picture, great music and great setting!!!!
B001GAPC1K|5.0|I had wanted to get this on Blu-Ray for a long time now, but only recently pulled the trigger on it.  I have to say that it lived up to all of the hype. It is a great picture quality and a great audio track.  For fans of the movie, I highly recommend the Blu-Ray version.
030726999X|5.0|This is the third book in the Millennium trilogy, and I would not recommend jumping in without having read the first two books. You'd be terribly lost! So, I'm writing this review with the assumption that you HAVE read the first two books. So if you haven't, scoot out of here before I ruin something for you ... but first read the next paragraph in which I make my pitch for why these books are something special.<br /><br />In the Millennium trilogy, Steig Larsson creates unique and memorable characters and crafts thrillers that are truly thrilling but also morally complex and intelligent. The theme of violence against and the exploitation of women runs throughout all three books, and Larsson doesn't shy away from the dark side of human nature. There are multiple scenes of graphic violence that will make your stomach turn, but this ugliness is tempered by the strong moral code and sense of justice exhibited by the main characters of Mikael and Lisbeth. And Mikael and Lisbeth are what make these books so compelling and fascinating. Although at first glance, each may seem to be morally compromised by some standards (Mikael's \\"womanizing\\" and Lisbeth's hacking and sexual openness), I doubt you would find two characters with such clear-cut morality and drive to protect the exploited and abused. In fact, my only real complaint with the entire series is that I found the Swedish surnames and place names confusing at times. (But that certainly isn't Larsson's fault.) With each book, I became more enthralled with the series and the characters. In the end, I'm giving the entire series a rating of 4.5. I'm positive the series will be on my list of \\"best books I read in 2010.\\" If I find another series that draws me in as completely as this series did, I'd be surprised (but happy).<br /><br />So, for those of you who haven't started the series, be gone! The rest of you may continue on to find out the scoop on the third book, which is being released today. (I'm sure you have it on preorder or on hold at your library if you read the first two, am I right?)<br /><br />Because this series is really one big interconnected story, let's recap briefly where we are at the start of Book 3.<br /><br />Book 1 (The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo) introduced us to Mikael Blomkvist (crusading journalist) and Lisbeth Salander (hacker extraordinaire). The book also introduces Mikael and Lisbeth to each other as they meet and team up to solve a 40-year-old murder and extricate Mikael from the mess of the Wennerstrom affair. The book ends with Lisbeth making off with Wennerstom's millions and realizing she cannot handle her feelings for Mikael. Her response? Take off with the money and cut Mikael out of her life.<br /><br />Book 2 (The Girl Who Played With Fire) provides us and Mikael with the back story on why Lisbeth is like she is. As with anything related to Lisbeth, the story is complicated and multi-layered and fraught with violence. And when her past comes back to haunt her when she is framed for a triple murder, no one but Mikael and Dragan Armansky believe she is innocent. The book focuses on the police's hunt for Lisbeth Salander, while Lisbeth and Mikael race to uncover the conspiracy against her and find the real murderer. The book ends with Lisbeth confronting her past head on (literally!) and ending up with a bullet in her head.<br /><br />So, that brings us to Book 3 (The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest), which opens with Lisbeth being choppered to a hospital with severe injuries, the worst of which is the bullet in her brain. Mikael then embarks on a mission with other \\"Idiot Knights\\" (those who believe in Lisbeth and work on her behalf, including Dragan Armansky and Olaf Palmgren) to redress the wrongs that have been done to Lisbeth since childhood. Naturally, this involves nothing less than uncovering a decades-long conspiracy that reaches up to the highest levels of the Swedish government.<br /><br />The book is long (576 pages ... but you still want more!) and stuffed to the gills with non-stop action and revelations, culminating with the trial of Lisbeth Salander in which her life is laid bare and her fate decided. Will she end up in jail? Be committed to a psychiatric facility? Escape from the authorities and vanish? Be vindicated once and for all? I'm not telling ... nor would you want me to. I'll just tell you this ... Larsson puts the pedal to the metal and doesn't let up once.<br /><br />One of the revelations is a physician's assessment that Lisbeth suffers from Asperger's Syndrome, which may account for her poor social skills and seeming lack of empathy. (Yet I would argue that she is empathetic to a degree that hurts her, and it simply manifests itself in action instead of sympathy ... witness her response to Berger's problems in this book for an example of this.) I'm not sure I buy into this though. Considering what she experienced in her childhood, I think Lisbeth's anti-social behavior is completely explainable and understandable. I would venture to say Lisbeth demonstrates resilience and emotional intelligence far beyond those of most people. I sincerely doubt whether most people could withstand what Lisbeth did and walk away with the the self-control and ability to assess options in a logical and impartial manner. To me, Lisbeth is damaged and protecting herself the only way she knows how ... by keeping her distance emotionally and socially.<br /><br />Although this series has always been about Lisbeth at its core, Larsson takes time to focus on the beleaguered staff at Millennium (who are reeling from Erika Berger's decision to depart to be the editor of a large daily paper) and gives Berger a storyline of her own that was just as compelling as anything going on with Lisbeth. (Let's just say, Berger finds her new job to be a bit of a hostile work environment.) In addition, Mikael has a new love interest, but I personally didn't care for this development as I kind of liked the idea of Lisbeth and Mikael someday being an item. Mikael's sister Giannini also has an expanded role in this book, taking on the role of Lisbeth's lawyer.<br /><br />I was worried how the book would end as Larsson originally planned to write more than three books before his untimely death. However, I'm pleased to report that this book ties up the loose ends and provides a satisfying conclusion to the story that started way back in Book 1. By the end of Book Three, almost all loose ends are tied up in a satisfying manner (though I have to admit, I wonder about Lisbeth's never seen twin sister Camilla), and you can close the book on these characters and walk away satisfied.<br /><br />Farewell, Mikael and Lisbeth. I'll miss you.ction and revelations, culminating with the trial of Lisbeth Salander in which her life is laid bare and her fate decided. Will she end up in jail? Be committed to a psychiatric facility? Escape from the authorities and vanish? Be vindicated once and for all? I'm not telling ... nor would you want me to. I'll just tell you this ... Larsson puts the pedal to the metal and doesn't let up once.    One of the revelations is a physician's assessment that Lisbeth suffers from Asperger's Syndrome, which may account for her poor social skills and seeming lack of empathy. (Yet I would argue that she is empathetic to a degree that hurts her, and it simply manifests itself in action instead of sympathy ... witness her response to Berger's problems in this book for an example of this.) I'm not sure I buy into this though. Considering what she experienced in her childhood, I think Lisbeth's anti-social behavior is completely explainable and understandable. I would venture to say Lisbeth demonstrates resilience and emotional intelligence far beyond those of most people. I sincerely doubt whether most people could withstand what Lisbeth did and walk away with the the self-control and ability to assess options in a logical and impartial manner. To me, Lisbeth is damaged and protecting herself the only way she knows how ... by keeping her distance emotionally and socially.    Although this series has always been about Lisbeth at its core, Larsson takes time to focus on the beleaguered staff at Millennium (who are reeling from Erika Berger's decision to depart to be the editor of a large daily paper) and gives Berger a storyline of her own that was just as compelling as anything going on with Lisbeth. (Let's just say, Berger finds her new job to be a bit of a hostile work environment.) In addition, Mikael has a new love interest, but I personally didn't care for this development as I kind of liked the idea of Lisbeth and Mikael someday being an item. Mikael's sister Giannini also hasan expanded role in this book, taking on the role of Lisbeth's lawyer.    I was worried how the book would end as Larsson originally planned to write more than three books before his untimely death. However, I'm pleased to report that this book ties up the loose ends and provides a satisfying conclusion to the story that started way back in Book 1. By the end of Book Three, almost all loose ends are tied up in a satisfying manner (though I have to admit, I wonder about Lisbeth's never seen twin sister Camilla), and you can close the book on these characters and walk away satisfied.    Farewell, Mikael and Lisbeth. I'll miss you.
0307341569|5.0|This book was surprising and so full of twists that I could not put the book down!
B001E7OO2I|5.0|He is so smooth and continues to right things you can move too or just chill too.  He knows just when to bring in different instruments and knows when to take it solo.  So talented and his work speaks for him.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|i bought this and gotta say i really like it.  i had the $180 to spare and dont regret it. if you love x-box LIVE and love surround sound then you will be want ing this too.   easy easy set up and take only 2 AAA, need to replace them once a week.    if youre interested then buy them , worth it !
0061743526|5.0|It hardly seems like 50 years since I picked up this book late one rainy night when it was first published, after my mom had been raving about the book for weeks, trying to get me to read it.  Well, what the heck, the late movie was boring that evening and there was nothing else on the TV... next thing I knew, it was two o'clock in the morning and I had just turned the final page on what was the most magical reading experience of my entire life.<br /><br />From the opening line, \\"When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow...\\" Lee hooks the reader with a deceptively simple story of a Southern family and a Southern town caught up in a cataclysmic moral crisis, and keeps us enthralled till the very last word. Lee's writing style is that of the storyteller who mesmerizes her audience telling a tale so simple, yet so compelling, that you never want it to end. Her narrator is Scout Finch, a delightfully devilish little tomboy who sees her world through the all-observant eyes of childhood. Scout is one of the most enchanting characters in modern American fiction. She's bright, funny, totally real; there's nothing contrived about her. She's someone we all knew in first or second grade, or wished we'd known. Scout lives with her brother Jem, four years her senior, her lawyer father Atticus, and their housekeeper Calpurnia, in a sleepy Alabama town where everybody knows or is related to everybody else. Lee spends the first half of the book drawing us into the life of the town and the Finch family, Scout's hilarious and problematic adjustment to first grade, and brings us into the mystery surrounding the notorious-yet-never-seen Boo Radley. The second half of the book is about the moral crisis that tears the town apart.<br /><br />Lee has a way of saying a lot by saying very little, and her laconic statement that the people of Maycomb had recently been told they had nothing to fear but fear itself sets the time squarely in 1933, the depths of the Great Depression. Times were bad for most people in small Southern towns; they were especially bad for poor whites and all blacks. In 1933 the South was rigidly segregated down every possible line, and a white woman's false accusation of rape was enough to get a black man hanged. When Mayella Ewell accuses Tom Robinson of rape, in the eyes of most of the white populace, Tom has been tried, convicted and is awaiting execution. Judge Taylor disagrees, and asks Atticus to take Tom's case.<br /><br />In Atticus Finch, Lee created what would eventually grow to be the best-loved character in all American fiction. Atticus is a loving but not a doting father, an able lawyer, and an individual of towering integrity. He takes Tom's case because he knows Mayella's accusation is full of holes, and he believes Tom is as deserving of good legal representation as anyone else. Atticus knows better than anyone else how his decision to take the case will affect his children, but as he explains to Scout, who wonders how Atticus can be right if everybody else thinks he's wrong, if he didn't take the case, he could never hold his head up in front of his children again.<br /><br />Atticus knows he's fighting a losing battle, but deep inside himself he believes he may lose a battle but win a bigger war. The chapters describing Tom Robinson's trial and Atticus's defense are some of the most powerful in American fiction. On of the most moving passages in the book is at the end of the trial when the town's black minister tells Scout to \\"Stand up. Your father's passin'.\\"<br /><br />Along with Scout and Atticus Finch, Lee created a host of other memorable characters. Jem is the perfect big brother for Scout, sometimes protective, sometimes antagonistic, always encouraging. Lee only needs to pen a few details about Calpurnia to bring her vividly to life: \\"She was all angles and bones; she squinted; her hand was wide as a bed slat and twice as hard.\\" Calpurnia isn't the stereotypical Mammy of Tara; she's a no-nonsense maid and housekeeper who dishes out ample amounts of love and old-fashioned discipline in equal doses. And Miss Maudie Atkinson is a delightful creation; funny, ditzy, and wise all at once. Anyone would want her for their next-door neighbor.<br /><br />The two major villains, Bob Ewell and his daughter Mayella, are compelling characters in their own right. Bob Ewell is quintessential white trash, spending the family's relief money on moonshine while his children go hungry. But poor Mayella is as much victim as villain; we can't help but feel for her, ostracized and isolated, knowing only her father's physical violence and sexual abuse; her attempted seduction of Tom Robinson is a desperate cry for love and affection. But, as Lee reminds us, it's all for naught. Tom Robinson was dead the minute Mayella, caught in the act of attempted seduction by her father, opened her mouth and screamed.<br /><br />After the highlight of the trial, the book might have slid into anticlimax, but it's Lee's genius that she keeps the tension heightened after the trial and its denouement, through Ewell's drunken, insane attack on Atticus through his children, and their rescue by Boo Radley. And after everything she, her family, and the town have been through, what has Scout learned from all this? Pretty much what Atticus set out to teach her all along: that you can't get to know a person until you put on his shoes and walk around in them.<br /><br />I turned the final page of \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\", unbelieving that it had come to an end. I opened the front cover and immediately started reading it over again from page one.  At two o'clock in the morning.  The book had that much of an effect on me. One doesn't just read this book; one experiences it. At best, one lives it. I did.<br /><br />Judy Lindid and housekeeper who dishes out ample amounts of love and old-fashioned discipline in equal doses. And Miss Maudie Atkinson is a delightful creation; funny, ditzy, and wise all at once. Anyone would want her for their next-door neighbor.     The two major villains, Bob Ewell and his daughter Mayella, are compelling characters in their own right. Bob Ewell is quintessential white trash, spending the family's relief money on moonshine while his children go hungry. But poor Mayella is as much victim as villain; we can't help but feel for her, ostracized and isolated, knowing only her father's physical violence and sexual abuse; her attempted seduction of Tom Robinson is a desperate cry for love and affection. But, as Lee reminds us, it's all for naught. Tom Robinson was dead the minute Mayella, caught in the act of attempted seduction by her father, opened her mouth and screamed.     After the highlight of the trial, the book might have slid into anticlimax, but it's Lee's genius that she keeps the tension heightened after the trial and its denouement, through Ewell's drunken, insane attack on Atticus through his children, and their rescue by Boo Radley. And after everything she, her family, and the town have been through, what has Scout learned from all this? Pretty much what Atticus set out to teach her all along: that you can't get to know a person until you put on his shoes and walk around in them.     I turned the final page of \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\", unbelieving that it had come to an end. I opened the front cover and immediately started reading it over again from page one.  At two o'clock in the morning.  The book had that much of an effect on me. One doesn't just read this book; one experiences it. At best, one lives it. I did.     Judy Lind
B00002496Y|4.0|I'm glad that there exist something like Amazon.co/com so that it's possible to get a rare products against a fair price. What can I say about 'the queen is dead'? It was sent to me in a short time, and the condition of the cd is good. Why not rate 5 stars? I preserve that for occasions that I go out of my head, must cry, laugh or dance when hearing it. But though that's not the case, I find myself humming the music when I'm busy doing other things. So thank you, Smiths, thank you, seller and thank you Amazon.  Frits
0061120081|5.0|What do you do when you sit down to write a book and you get it absolutely perfect the first time? Unfortunately, you never write another one. How could Harper Lee have possibly followed this up? Anything she wrote after \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\" would have been anticlimax. So on the strength of one book, Harper Lee will be forever remembered for writing one of the greatest books of the contemporary American literature.<br /><br />I picked up this book late one night the year it was first published, after my mom had been raving about the book for weeks, trying to get me to read it. Well, what the heck, the late movie was boring that evening... next thing I knew, it was two o'clock in the morning and I had just turned the final page on what was the most magical reading experience of my entire life.<br /><br />From the opening line, \\"When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow...\\" Lee hooks the reader with a deceptively simple story of a Southern family and a Southern town caught up in a cataclysmic moral crisis, and keeps us enthralled till the very last word. Lee's writing style is that of the storyteller who mesmerizes her audience telling a tale so simple, yet so compelling, that you never want it to end. Her narrator is Scout Finch, a delightfully devilish little tomboy who sees her world through the all-observant eyes of childhood. Scout is one of the most enchanting characters in modern American fiction. She's bright, funny, totally real; there's nothing contrived about her. She's someone we all knew in first or second grade, or wished we'd known. Scout lives with her brother Jem, four years her senior, her lawyer father Atticus, and their housekeeper Calpurnia, in a sleepy Alabama town where everybody knows or is related to everybody else. Lee spends the first half of the book drawing us into the life of the town and the Finch family, Scout's hilarious and problematic adjustment to first grade, and brings us into the mystery surrounding the notorious-yet-never-seen Boo Radley. The second half of the book is about the moral crisis that tears the town apart.<br /><br />Lee has a way of saying a lot by saying very little, and her laconic statement that the people of Maycomb had recently been told they had nothing to fear but fear itself sets the time squarely in 1933, the depths of the Great Depression. Times were bad for most people in small Southern towns; they were especially bad for poor whites and all blacks. In 1933 the South was rigidly segregated down every possible line, and a white woman's false accusation of rape was enough to get a black man hanged. When Mayella Ewell accuses Tom Robinson of rape, in the eyes of most of the white populace, Tom has been tried, convicted and is awaiting execution. Judge Taylor disagrees, and asks Atticus to take Tom's case.<br /><br />In Atticus Finch, Lee created what would eventually grow to be the best-loved character in all American fiction. Atticus is a loving but not a doting father, an able lawyer, and an individual of towering integrity. He takes Tom's case because he knows Mayella's accusation is full of holes, and he believes Tom is as deserving of good legal representation as anyone else. Atticus knows better than anyone else how his decision to take the case will affect his children, but as he explains to Scout, who wonders how Atticus can be right if everybody else thinks he's wrong, if he didn't take the case, he could never hold his head up in front of his children again.<br /><br />Atticus knows he's fighting a losing battle, but deep inside himself he believes he may lose a battle but win a bigger war. The chapters describing Tom Robinson's trial and Atticus's defense are some of the most powerful in American fiction. On of the most moving passages in the book is at the end of the trial when the town's black minister tells Scout to \\"Stand up. Your father's passin'.\\"<br /><br />Along with Scout and Atticus Finch, Lee created a host of other memorable characters. Jem is the perfect big brother for Scout, sometimes protective, sometimes antagonistic, always encouraging. Lee only needs to pen a few details about Calpurnia to bring her vividly to life: \\"She was all angles and bones; she squinted; her hand was wide as a bed slat and twice as hard.\\" Calpurnia isn't the stereotypical Mammy of Tara; she's a no-nonsense maid and housekeeper who dishes out ample amounts of love and old-fashioned discipline in equal doses. And Miss Maudie Atkinson is a delightful creation; funny, ditzy, and wise all at once. Anyone would want her for their next-door neighbor.<br /><br />The two major villains, Bob Ewell and his daughter Mayella, are compelling characters in their own right. Bob Ewell is quintessential white trash, spending the family's relief money on moonshine while his children go hungry. But poor Mayella is as much victim as villain; we can't help but feel for her, ostracized and isolated, knowing only her father's physical violence and sexual abuse; her attempted seduction of Tom Robinson is a desperate cry for love and affection. But, as Lee reminds us, it's all for naught. Tom Robinson was dead the minute Mayella, caught in the act of attempted seduction by her father, opened her mouth and screamed.<br /><br />After the highlight of the trial, the book might have slid into anticlimax, but it's Lee's genius that she keeps the tension heightened after the trial and its denouement, through Ewell's drunken, insane attack on Atticus through his children, and their rescue by Boo Radley. And after everything she, her family, and the town have been through, what has Scout learned from all this? Pretty much what Atticus set out to teach her all along: that you can't get to know a person until you put on his shoes and walk around in them.<br /><br />I turned the final page of \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\", unbelieving that it had come to an end. I opened the front cover and immediately started reading it over again from page one. At two o'clock in the morning.  The book had that much of an effect on me. One doesn't just read this book; one experiences it. At best, one lives it. I did.<br /><br />Judy Lindhe perfect big brother for Scout, sometimes protective, sometimes antagonistic, always encouraging. Lee only needs to pen a few details about Calpurnia to bring her vividly to life: \\"She was all angles and bones; she squinted; her hand was wide as a bed slat and twice as hard.\\" Calpurnia isn't the stereotypical Mammy of Tara; she's a no-nonsense maid and housekeeper who dishes out ample amounts of love and old-fashioned discipline in equal doses. And Miss Maudie Atkinson is a delightful creation; funny, ditzy, and wise all at once. Anyone would want her for their next-door neighbor.     The two major villains, Bob Ewell and his daughter Mayella, are compelling characters in their own right. Bob Ewell is quintessential white trash, spending the family's relief money on moonshine while his children go hungry. But poor Mayella is as much victim as villain; we can't help but feel for her, ostracized and isolated, knowing only her father's physical violence and sexual abuse; her attempted seduction of Tom Robinson is a desperate cry for love and affection. But, as Lee reminds us, it's all for naught. Tom Robinson was dead the minute Mayella, caught in the act of attempted seduction by her father, opened her mouth and screamed.     After the highlight of the trial, the book might have slid into anticlimax, but it's Lee's genius that she keeps the tension heightened after the trial and its denouement, through Ewell's drunken, insane attack on Atticus through his children, and their rescue by Boo Radley. And after everything she, her family, and the town have been through, what has Scout learned from all this? Pretty much what Atticus set out to teach her all along: that you can't get to know a person until you put on his shoes and walk around in them.     I turned the final page of \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\", unbelieving that it had come to an end. I opened the front cover and immediately started reading it over again from page one. At two o'clock in the morning.  The book had that much of an effect on me. One doesn't just read this book; one experiences it. At best, one lives it. I did.     Judy Lind
B00005QFE5|5.0|This movie is phenominal and haunting.  It is \\"G\\" rated which is rare.  This movie made me feel like I walked into a portrait.  I've never seen a film in which there is very little dialogue and yet it said volumes!  Don't bother renting, just buy it.
B0009VJWSG|5.0|I was with my brother in 1973, sitting around with his band after a rehearsal when the guitar player brought out \\"Spectrum\\" and played it for us. I had never heard of Billy Cobham or fusion before and from the first song on I was blown away by this group and style of play. The drumming was awesome and the rest of the group only made it better. This exposure to fusion changed my life. It became one of my favorite styles of music and it all started with this album. If you are into fusion or you are a drummer, you, I think, will enjoy this album.
B00284BMBM|4.0|A great follow up to Daughtry.  The songs are less pop and more rock and Chris Daughtry's voice sounds stronger and more self-assured.  Lyrics are a little less \\"happy\\" and more in keeping with the slightly melancholy approach of what passes these days for hard rock.  In fact, the opening song, \\"You Don't Belong\\" has the hard-edged feel of a heavy-metal band. The beautiful, poignant, \\"Call Your Name\\" is reminiscent of the \\"is that Christian reference or double entendre?\\" approach of a lot of modern rock from Christian-inspired rock bands [It's no accident Daughtry has a duet with Seven Dust on the song \\"Past\\" on Seven Dust's \\"Chapter VII: Hope and Sorrow\\" album from 2008].  Rock enthusiasts will like this album better than \\"Daughtry\\", as they stray farther from the American Idol roots and into strong rock with great vocals.  Indeed, if there is any fault with this album, it is that emphasis, in mixing, on the vocals because that downplays the excellent musicianship here.  The band is definitely getting better at their instruments and their craft.  A worthy album to own.  Recommended.
B001C08RHA|3.0|Not a bad film overall. The action is pretty consistant throughout.  Although Iron Man finding his inner self through adversity was a little corney.  The fact that such a brilliant persona counldn't see what was going on under his very nose was probably the crucial element for me.  It appeared to mimic what really does go on for some of these people in the real world.  So wrapped up in either their work or themselves they can't see the forest for the trees.    Overall, acting reasonable, reflection on truth, very close.  A good action flick.
0679805273|5.0|This is great for older grads as well as little kids.  There's lots in the message that is so true.  Lots of fun to give as a grad gift!  NOTE:  it says \\"You are the GUY that will....\\" so you might want to consider that before giving to a gal.  I was going to give it to my daughter who grew up on Dr. Seuss but decided to give to her fiance instead.
B001493FK8|5.0|a game of thrones is a great story about a group of royal families and the many intrigues that surround the throne of a powerful medieval empire, i would say its like a very grown up version of the fantasy novel its a great read and anyone who gives it a chance will be surprised at how fast they fly through its many pages, the characters are very realistic and the situations are as well, goblins and elves to a minimum swords and backstabbing to the front row!
0307408833|1.0|I tried the vanilla cupcake and frosting recipe. I bought the book because of the delicious looking photos. Especially the cover.     I was really REALLY disappointed in the way the frosting turned out when I made it. I followed the directions thoroughly, and am an accomplished baker.     I feel that A bakery is going to put out a book they should include photos of the ACTUAL pastries you can make from the book and not the ones from the Babycakes bakery. The photos in the book look nothing like the cupcakes themselves OR the frosting. Completely different texture altogether. The frosting does not even SET. The cupcakes are DRY, crumbly, and hard as hockey pucks. They taste okay I guess, but if you share them with anyone they will think you screwed up in a major way.    I checked out the ingredients on the website and they are obviously two different cupcakes and frostings completely.     Gluten Free Vanilla Cupcake    CAKE: Agave, garbanzo fava bean flour, potato starch, canola oil, brown rice flour, pear, arrowroot, pumpkin, vanilla extract, baking powder (sodium acid pyrophosphate, sodium bicarbonate, corn starch, monocalcium phosphate), kosher salt, xanthan gum, baking soda (sodium bicarbonate), lemon extract    FROSTING: rice starch , sunflower oil, corn starch, cold pressed coconut oil, rice milk, coconut milk, coconut flour, lemon extract, calcium carbonate (vegan) , sea salt, xanthan gum, guar gum, monoglycerides (an emulsifier), inulin, vitamins c, e, b6, a, folic acid, and vitamin b12    When you see the ingredients in the book there is no canola oil, pear, pumpkin, lemon extract, corn starch, sunflower oil, rice milk, coconut milk, calcium carbonate, guar gum, rice starch, inulin or any of the vitamins (obviously).    Most of the ingredients left out are EASIER to get than the ones listed in the book and would likely produce a far better result.      It is VERY DISHONEST to provide images of delicious looking treats to sell a book and then NOT provide theREAL recipes for them.     I would return the book and ALL of the ingredients I've wasted my money buying if I could. I am not rich.    It is really awful to do that to someone with food allergies. It is hard enough to live with them.
0785134352|5.0|Kick ass was an awesome book i really enjoyed it in fact it has give new life to an old comic book junkie who thought he was through with them.  I enjoyed the movie so much that i had to buy the book and it was well worth it i thought that the book was much better thatn the movie and thats saying a lot cant wait for the second book thx mark millar and keep it up
B000BNX4MC|5.0|Sorry Keith, totally disagree with you.  Last weekend my 13 year old came across a clip of the movie online.  When he told me about it I told him to jump in the car and we rented it.    All three of my boys (13, 11 and 9 years old) laughed their butts off!  They thought it was great; hence it is in my shopping cart.    Twenty-five years later I enjoyed it also.  I made it a point to tell the kids how it was a funny movie without excessive foul language, violence or sex.
B002IKLMN4|4.0|Many have complained that this book states the obvious, but there are so many obvious things in the world that sometimes you can lose focus and forget what's obvious because you don't think about it.  For example, if you've been toiling away for years and getting accolades and bonuses, you might think that it's all great, but if you haven't moved up the corporate ladder, then is that job--or employer--really all it's cracked up to be?  Probably not.<br /><br />Godin's book is a nice, thin read about one small yet important subject.  He advises that one should be mindful of one's position in the workplace, distinguishing between actual dead-end jobs (burger flipper, insurance-policy writer) and good jobs where you become accustomed to \\"phoning it in\\" (engineering, perhaps), going nowhere in the corporate chain and thus painting yourself into a dead end.  Why did someone who does the same thing as you become the go-to guy or girl?  Perhaps because they pushed through the \\"dip\\" AND knew what assignments to quit or to not accept to begin with.<br /><br />Worth a look, plus you'll have a feeling of reading accomplishment after you polish off this off in a night or two.
B001PPLJJ0|4.0|I've read the book. I've seen the movie. I liked both. Definitely 4 stars each.<br /><br />The movie follows the book very closely. The acting is excellent, especially Kate Winslet as Hanna Schmitz. The directing and cinematography are top notch, and the locations are accurately portrayed with sets spanning the last five decades of the 20th century. The story takes place in German after WWII in the long dark shadow of the holocaust. A young man of late high school age, Michael, has a love affair with an older woman, Hanna, who was a prison guard during WWII. The first part of the movie is a coming-of-age story. The second part of the movie centers around Hanna's actions during WWII, her subsequent trial and imprisonment, and Michael's adult life. The story does have a significant twist, Hanna's illiteracy. It makes me wonder what her childhood was like, probably austere or even abusive, but neither the book nor the movie give us any hints in that regard.<br /><br />My wife and I enjoyed the love story and found the social context and deeper moral conundrums very interesting. (The DVD extras and special features provide additional background material.) What at first seems to be a relatively simple story, contains several personal, emotional, and historical complexities. I think that's what they call \\"subtle.\\" Here's another element that helps the film: The older Michael Berg played by Ralph Fiennes is a plausible representation of the younger Michael Berg played by David Kross. You can see the younger man in the older man's face. But the weight of his youth has turned his adult life into an abstraction. Hanna has spoiled him for all other women. He has become The Reader.<br /><br />Near the end of the movie, Lena Olin does a masterful job of playing the last survivor of the church fire which resulted in the deaths of 300 Jewish prisoners. She's perceptive, wise, and self assured. Her performance gives the movie a small, but vital, degree of closure. The victim speaks. She's not a stodgy, old woman trying to remember the events of 50 years ago, but a sharp, insightful maven who knows a thing or two about suffering, human nature, and justice. Imagine the situation as it really was: smell the smoke, see the flames, feel the heat, hear the women and children screaming. Then comes the morning after. Silence. 300 people burned alive... a footnote to the immense history of Nazi Germany.ld woman trying to remember the events of 50 years ago, but a sharp, insightful maven who knows a thing or two about suffering, human nature, and justice. Imagine the situation as it really was: smell the smoke, see the flames, feel the heat, hear the women and children screaming. Then comes the morning after. Silence. 300 people burned alive... a footnote to the immense history of Nazi Germany.
B002VECM4A|1.0|don't disturb the class!  get back here with that chicken!  teacher prefers chicks.
B00393SFU2|5.0|It was a tough decision to shell out $30.00 for M on BLU-RAY when I already owned the excellent Criterion edition on DVD. The deciding factor was that I just had to see the english language version, anticipating, above all else, a different version of Lorre's remarkable performance in the kangaroo court. Well, I don't regret the splurge, but the english version isn't anything to write home about. It is almost entirely the same material that is in the german language version but large parts have been cut up and then reassembled badly. Almost every scene is dubbed, as opposed to re-filmed in english, and some of the dubbing is very poorly done. Very few of the dry, brittish voice actors manage to match the energy of the german actors they are voicing for. The only scenes I spotted as being re-filmed were a very few in the kangaroo court in which Lorre was the only person on the screen. Any scenes in which he interacts with other actors are dubbed. (Although I wasn't sure about some of the scenes with he and his lawyer.) And sadly, the new, english scenes of Lorre's amazing monologues  seemed shorter and more poorly written than their german equivilents and his performances not nearly so affecting or believable. (There is also a new scene tacked on to the end of the film. The german version ends with the mothers of some of Lorre's victims admonishing us all to keep close watch over our children. This is cut from the english and replaced with a new scene of children in a circle around a little girl, which mirrors the opening scene of the film. In the opening scene the girl is sing-chanting a song about serial killers. In the new, english ending the girl is now chanting \\"Eenie meenie minie moe, catch a n***** by the toe.\\", which is rather baffling and kind of funny.)    Other than these problems, many of which are typical of any but the most skillfully dubbed films, it is rather self defeating to cut up the soundtrack of a film in which the sound plays such an importantrole. It was the first german talkie, and Lang's use of the new medium was innovative and unique even by today's standards. In many places, environmental sounds which are vital aspects of the narrative, are completely cut out so that english words can be added. Lang's use of sound in this film is, in fact, so very calculated, (sometimes minimalist) that even small changes can greatly diminish the effect. I am however, glad to have this version as I always gain something from seeing alternate versions of great films. But if Criterion wanted to give us a real treat, they would include the rarely seen, 1951 remake with David Wayne and Raymond Burr which is surprisingly good, as remakes go. Maybe they could get me to shell out again for a comprehensive M box set.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|when people are blue  and slightly taller, they hold  the moral high ground
0201626632|5.0|I just finished reading Peter Feibelman's fantastic book, \\"A Ph.D. is not enough\\", about career advice for fresh (and also slightly staler) Ph.D.s. I very highly recommend this 100 page slim little volume. There's a blurb from the great chemist Carl \\"Papa\\" Djerassi on the cover saying that you will get from this book in one hour what it took Djerassi 40 years to learn. Djerassi may be exaggerating, but he is close. Feibelman himself was a physics professor at SUNY Buffalo and was then a member of the technical staff at Sandia National Laboratories, so he has seen the world and tasted its ugly side.<br /><br />The book was written in 1993 but its contents are as relevant as ever, and probably even more relevant in this age of tight funding and layoffs. It's got the whole works; from applying for postdoc positions (be realistic, pick a project which you think you can actually finish) to picking a postdoc advisor (don't pick a flashy young professor who would be loathe to share credit), job interviews (don't be a dilettante), writing grants (be modest in your goals even as you emphasize the big picture), giving a talk (OMG he talks about slides and projectors!), to choosing between academia and industry.<br /><br />The last part is particularly intriguing and Feibelman has some novel advice for wannabe professors. Unless you are hell-bent on an academic position and wouldn't want to even think of anything else, Feibelman quite emphatically discourages plunging into academia as an assistant professor. The pay is low, respect is lacking, it's one hell of a rope trick to secure funding without any significant past background, there's basically no vacation, tenure is always uncertain, and you keep wondering when you will get publishable results even as you spend most of your time explaining to pre-meds why they deserved a D on their last exam. In short, you have no life and there's lots of necessary conditions that you have to satisfy to stay afloat, none of which is sufficient.<br /><br />Better than this, says Feibelman, is to start working in a goverment or industrial lab where you (hopefully) have plenty of time for research, establish a solid reputation with financial security, and then apply to a university at the tenured professor level. Of course this is easier said than done. These days it's hard to do basic research in industry and you are afraid of losing your job every day. But I think Feibelman's point is well taken; unless you have absolutely no interest in anything other than an academic position, it's definitely worthwhile considering a more indirect path to academia where you actually have a life. My old PhD advisor actually did that and it worked out well for him.<br /><br />In any case, read this little book if you are a fresh, red faced, scared little new PhD. Which we all are.than this, says Feibelman, is to start working in a goverment or industrial lab where you (hopefully) have plenty of time for research, establish a solid reputation with financial security, and then apply to a university at the tenured professor level. Of course this is easier said than done. These days it's hard to do basic research in industry and you are afraid of losing your job every day. But I think Feibelman's point is well taken; unless you have absolutely no interest in anything other than an academic position, it's definitely worthwhile considering a more indirect path to academia where you actually have a life. My old PhD advisor actually did that and it worked out well for him.    In any case, read this little book if you are a fresh, red faced, scared little new PhD. Which we all are.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This was a very well done, entertaining movie.  The graphics were great and we all enjoyed it.  Even my 3 yearold granddaughter loved it.
B001E75QH0|5.0|I loved Indiana Jones as a teenager, and I still like this hero nowadays.     As a teacher who plays movies in class -in Spanish with subtitles- it's important to me the rating for these movies.  They are all rated PG or PG-13. When I played the Temple of Doom in class I realized that maybe that movie was a bit mild rated when having to show it to HS students from a quite rural, and Very conservative-traditional area. The students never complained, but commented on it.   Nevertheless, All the students laughed and enjoyed these movies a lot when still listening-practising Spanish.
B000A3XYZA|5.0|That is, the best production I can imagine of the best opera by the best of all opera composers. Well, I could back-pedal and equivocate on the last of my superlatives; there's Mozart to be considered, and a few others. But I'd stick to my guns on the first two:<br /><br />Rodelinda is Handel's finest theatrical accomplishment, the opera in which the music and the drama are most affectively integrated and consistently inspired. Part of its success results from a libretto based on a play be the great French dramatist Pierre Corneille, the only libretto of any Handel opera, in my opinion, that isn't marred by extraneous bombast or silliness. Composed for the London stage in 1725, Handel's score for Rodelinda shows a concentration and expressive coherence quite apart from his Italianate florid display pieces written before or after. In fact, Rodelinda comes closer to being \\"through composed\\" (in the English sense) than any other large scale work by Handel, perhaps by any composer of baroque opera. The integration of singing and orchestra is magnificent, fully as 'intellectual' as any work of JS Bach yet infallibly emotive and stage-worthy. This is an opera which must NOT be smudged by vulgar stage capers or clownish costumery. It has to be all of a piece, a darkly anxious melodrama that ends in relief of tension, a 'happy ending' still tinged with sorrows endured.<br /><br />That's the accomplishment of this production. Every note and every image sustains the mood of passion. There are no cheap tricks or pratfalls. The staging captures the glamour and worldliness of the pre-WW2 black-and-white cinema, yet there's no clash of anachronism of the sort that hampers more than helps many productions of 18th C opera. The photography is totally proficient in realizing the cinematic ambience. Costumes and sets blend with the demeanors of the singing actors, and those actors are superb in gesture, posture, facial expression, all the qualities of Hollywood sophistication. Beautiful, stately Anna Caterina Antonacci is perfect as Rodelinda, a film-maker's dream casting. Kurt Streit, if he were not singing for his supper, would have done well as a rival for Fairbanks or Valentino. Umberto Chiummo, the odious schemer Garibaldo, could easily play Iago in Shakespeare's Othello or the gnarliest mafioso in any Hollywood gangster flick. This is a filmed stage opera that truly works as a visual film!<br /><br />And the music is divine. From the first entrance of conductor William Christie, the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment performs Handel's challenging score flawlessly. WE get to see the players during the overture, as should almost always be the case on opera DVDs, and their confidence in their instruments and pleasure in the music is visible in their faces. This, dear readers, is exactly how baroque music should be performed, on the instruments for which Handel composed and with the tasteful virtuosity Handel presupposed.<br /><br />Antonacci and Streit are matched in vocal artistry especially by countertenor Andreas Scholl in the role of Rodelinda's true husband Bertarido. All through the opera, I anticipated their climactic duet, as they await their fate at the harsh hands of the tyrant Grimoaldo, and my anticipation was rewarded. It's not the showiest duet in Handel's oeuvre, but it's one of the loveliest, and the two lovers sing it exquisitely. Likewise, the arias of Rodelinda are not as flashy as those of Tamerlano or Serse but their affective musical impact accumulates powerfully.<br /><br />I've seen/heard this production, with a different cast, on stage in two cities, and I've watched this DVD three times since I bought it. Is that an adequate testimony to how good I think it is?Caterina Antonacci is perfect as Rodelinda, a film-maker's dream casting. Kurt Streit, if he were not singing for his supper, would have done well as a rival for Fairbanks or Valentino. Umberto Chiummo, the odious schemer Garibaldo, could easily play Iago in Shakespeare's Othello or the gnarliest mafioso in any Hollywood gangster flick. This is a filmed stage opera that truly works as a visual film!    And the music is divine. From the first entrance of conductor William Christie, the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment performs Handel's challenging score flawlessly. WE get to see the players during the overture, as should almost always be the case on opera DVDs, and their confidence in their instruments and pleasure in the music is visible in their faces. This, dear readers, is exactly how baroque music should be performed, on the instruments for which Handel composed and with the tasteful virtuosity Handel presupposed.     Antonacci and Streit are matched in vocal artistry especially by countertenor Andreas Scholl in the role of Rodelinda's true husband Bertarido. All through the opera, I anticipated their climactic duet, as they await their fate at the harsh hands of the tyrant Grimoaldo, and my anticipation was rewarded. It's not the showiest duet in Handel's oeuvre, but it's one of the loveliest, and the two lovers sing it exquisitely. Likewise, the arias of Rodelinda are not as flashy as those of Tamerlano or Serse but their affective musical impact accumulates powerfully.    I've seen/heard this production, with a different cast, on stage in two cities, and I've watched this DVD three times since I bought it. Is that an adequate testimony to how good I think it is?
B0015YYWCM|5.0|This is a nice book for those that want another taste of Tolkien. I inherited this copy from my dad. It has the Tolkien short story \\"The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth Beorhthelm's Son. It collects short stories separately released by Tolkien in 3 other books:<br />1) The further Adventures of Tom Bombadil<br />2) Tree and Leaf<br />3) Farmer Giles of Ham<br />It also has an essay, Tolkiens Magic Ring.
0446569895|3.0|This book was an easy and fun read, but I feel like Ozzy left out a lot of things that his fans would have appreciated. Perhaps that's for another book? The early Black Sabbath part of his life was well detailed and had he kept up that level of detail for the rest of the book then I would have given it 5 stars. He spent all of 2 sentences on Zakk Wylde, who was with him longer than any other guitarist during his solo career. The story of how they came to be is a really good one and I would have loved to hear Ozzy's take on it. There was no mention of Jake E Lee (that I remember), nor Joe Holmes. What about his singing roots? He just mentioned that his dad bought him a PA system and the family liked to get together and do sing-a-longs. It can't be that simple. I think the main problem with the book was that it was very cliche and vague, spending too much time detailing the unsavory and fantastically over the top antics of his life.
0743455967|3.0|As always, Stephen King is brilliant. However the book took nearly a month to ship.
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|Imagine a mixed soundtrack of Mary Poppin's meets the theme of A.I. or Bladerunner with a dash of Suge Avery from the Color Purple with a swinging live R&B performer from the school of \\"Stevie Wonder\\" fresh from some distant planet performing with a live orchestra, a DJ and a wicked guitar player in a cantina on Tatooine. Wow! This album is both a surprise for its creative vision as well as its incredible depth and variety. Janelle Monae's theme of a mystical futuristic Metropolis is personified thru R&B ballads against the soft auxiliary of a live orchestra and with funky drummer/guitar players led by the siren of her perfect, naturally tuned voice calling to some neo-retro alternate realty.  Its real music with real singing and you'll fall over yourself wondering where all the real musicians and writers have been hiding.     Notable Tracks: \\"Cold War\\" (Sounds like she would fit right in with Knarls Barkley), \\"Neon Valley Street\\" (Think neo soul violins with Roberta Flack and the band from Earth Wind Fire), \\"Tightrope\\" (Think James Brown with Funky Outkast), \\"Say You'll Go\\" (Sweet R&B that is easily a duet with John Legend)  and \\"BabobyeYa\\" (Think Carmen Jones at the Cotton Club on the Congo). There are other really nice \\"special\\" ballads performed with the orchestra or with the acoustic guitar that make you feel like you are in story book!    With 18 tracks the album is an incredible collection for such a low price (rare in this day and age). She's like this musical neo messiah sent from the future to save us from the doldrums of today's factory-artificial music. Wonderful \\"story\\" from Beginning to End! Thank you Janelle!
B002NVTBOU|5.0|This CD was everything I heard it was.  Great collaboration and as usual Buika soars to another level.  A great way for someone to become familiar with a very specific gendre of latin music.
B001NLKT60|5.0|I hadn't heard of the author when I bought this and was just looking for something a little different.  I didn't read it right away as I felt a little unsure that I would enjoy it.<br /><br />When I finally started the book, it took a few chapters to get into, but then I was hooked and I couldn't put it down.  I quickly bought the second book and was immediately captivated again, but being in the US have had to wait patiently for the third book... My wait is almost over!<br /><br />I could have bought the last book while traveling, but decided to wait and savor it, as sadly Mr. Larrson's early demise means there will be no more from him - a loss of a wonderfully creative and talented writer.
0143038419|5.0|Ryan Murphy, director and writer of the movie, said it best, \\"It's more than a book, it's a movement.\\" This book touched me in a way literally no other book has. I found myself in many of Gilberts eloquently scripted words. This might have been a one woman show, but it translated on so many levels. My only wish is that I would have read it before I took my own solo journey to Australia.<br />Gilbert's writing is likable, lyrical, and it is like you are sitting listening to her tell her story in person.<br />Yes, it would be every woman's fantasy to trot around the world with a book advance, but why not try to find yourself when you are lost? If the journey takes you away from everything you have ever known, then so be it. Gilbert connects with women and men from every walk of life through her writing, and this book it just the prime example of an author who is passionate about her work and show incredible poise, and prose doing so.<br />I am typically a reader who gets very distracted while reading, much like Gilbert first attempting to meditate and pray. My mind wonders and can't keep focus, but this book was the first one I couldn't wait until I was home to see what happens next, who she will meet, and what she will discover.<br />If you have ever felt lost, physically, spiritually, or mentally, this book is a well deserved read. Don't just read cover to cover, reflect on your own life and let it be a catalyst for self reflection.<br />I can't wait to see the movie!
B001EN71CW|5.0|As with any of Joss Whedon's productions I've seen, \\"Firefly\\" and \\"Serenity\\", the related movie, are entertaining. After multiple viewings I continue to find new manifestations of the wit and wisdom of the creator, actors, writers, producers, directors - the whole production staff.
B0013ND30W|5.0|Si has actualizado tu equipo a blu-ray, esta pel&iacute;cula cl&aacute;sica no puede faltar en tu colecci&oacute;n.<br />Vi esta pel&iacute;cula siendo muy chico y la verdad nunca me imagin&eacute; que me enamorar&iacute;a de ella casi 30 a&ntilde;os despu&eacute;s de haberla descubierto en VHS.<br /><br />Como creo que hay otras rese&ntilde;as que hablar&aacute;n de lo grandioso de la historia y su relevancia nost&aacute;lgica, no hablar&eacute; mucho de eso. Yo les hablar&eacute; un poco de las aportacion&eacute;s t&eacute;cnicas que tiene esta edici&oacute;n en blu-ray.<br /><br />Si de verdad quieres saber de que es capaz en calidad de imagen tu blu-ray, tienes que tener este filme. Las ilustraciones , el detalle en los fondos y el estilo visual creado por Eyvind Earle no tienen comparaci&oacute;n. Y se aprecia el minucioso trabajo artesanal de los artistas de Disney, esta calidad pone en evidencia, para nuestro deleite visual-y auditivo- las razones por las que La Bella durmiente perdi&oacute; dinero en un principio, pero tienen que verla en alta definici&oacute;n para entender a que me refiero.  Una produccion que comenz&oacute; en 1951 y termin&oacute; hasta 1958..  7 a&ntilde;os de producci&oacute;n!.<br /><br />IMAGEN<br />Para esta producci&oacute;n  Disney utiliz&oacute; un formato muy especi&aacute;l: Negativo Technirama de 35mm de doble cuadro,impreso en Technirama de 70mm, creando un \\"aspect ratio\\" de 2.55:1 .  Es decir, 2 veces lo largo de una peli normal . Los dibujantes tuvieron que adaptarse y trabajar con ilustraci&oacute;nes que abarcaban practicamente todo el restirador. Una de las gracias del Blu-ray es que tiene un detr&aacute;s de c&aacute;maras realizada en los 50's para el show de \\"El mundo de Disney\\" en donde vemos gran parte del proceso de producci&oacute;n de La Bella Durmiente.<br /><br />AUDIO<br />Adem&aacute;s el audio fu&eacute; remezclado para hacer provecho de la tecnolog&iacute;a 7.1. , y haciendo provecho de esto escuchamos lo mismo que el principe Felipe escucha cuando es atraido por el canto hetereo de Aurora en la secuencia del bosque, y las llamas de dragon nos envuelven en  una de las secuencias de acci&oacute;n m&aacute;s emocionantes en la historia del cine. Que cosa mas maravillosa. La desventaja es que para esta edici&oacute;n, las voces en espa&ntilde;ol aunque verdaderamente geniales,no son las originales. Me imagino que esto se debe a la nueva mezcla de audio que en espa&ntilde;ol est&aacute; en 5.1-Dios nos libre de que hagan lo mismo con El libro de la Selva.<br /><br />ESPECIALES.<br />Esta edicion especial platino de 50 aniversario viene cargado de especiales.<br />La edicion contien dos blu-rays.<br /><br />El primero trae la pel&iacute;cula, las opciones de audio en Ingles, Espa&ntilde;ol, Portugues (5.1) e Ingles y Frances (7.1).. que yo no se porque le siguen dando mas importancia al frances si hay mas gente que habla espa&ntilde;ol, en fin.<br />Unos jueguillos ahi medio chafones y un cortito digital -El Encuentro con El Dragon-que hace uso de la tecnologia 7.1.<br />El Especial que de verdad vale la pena de este disco es un audiocomentario con John Lasseter que tambi&eacute;n va mostrando recuadros con im&aacute;genes en relevancia a lo que se est&aacute; comentando.<br /><br />El segundo disco tiene la caracter&iacute;stica que contiene los especiales en Alta Definici&oacute;n. Cosa que hoy en d&iacute;a no es muy com&uacute;n para una pel&iacute;cula cl&aacute;sica.<br />Entre los destacable est&aacute; la reconstrucci&oacute;n virtual de el paseo original de el castillo de la Bella durmiente en Disneylandia, paseo que dur&oacute; muy poco tiempo en el famoso parque debido a las aconglomeraciones que provocaba.. pero todo eso viene explicado en el disco.<br />Tambi&eacute;on contiene escenas y canciones eliminadas _en su versi&oacute;n de storyboard, claro_. Una mirada a los artistas y sus estilos en \\"Cuatro artistas pintan un &aacute;rbol\\" , entre otros.<br /><br />CONCLUSION.<br /><br />Este Blu-Ray vale la pena como ning&uacute;n otro. Calidad en im&aacute;gen y sonido insuperables, Especiales como para aventar para arriba, y entretenimiento divertido, musical, rom&aacute;ntico, emocionante, sano y familiar. Una compra segura, un cl&aacute;sico inmortal.
B0038QGXHW|5.0|Five ENGAGING Stars!! Playing together for the first time in 30 years, jazz legends Keith Jarrett (playing his unique \\"practice Steinway\\" piano) and Charlie Haden on his upright bass give jazz fans a spontaneous, unrehearsed jazz duo recording of great improvisational beauty and introspection, recorded in Jarrett's home recording studio. Playing mostly major and minor standards, this recording underwent an extensive song selection and order of presentation process that works beautifully. Messrs Jarrett and Haden are in superb form using musical extra-sensory perception to reach a point that is \\"deeper than a conversation\\", with a bouncing, elastic internal pulse that needs no drummer as they solo and 'comp' with intimacy and inventiveness.     The 'best of the best' on this CD include a wonderful interpretation of the rarely heard Cy Coleman gem \\"I'm Gonna Laugh You Right Out Of My Life\\" (12 minutes), a jumping and imaginative version of \\"No Moon At All\\", an awesome 11 minute version of \\"Body and Soul\\", and a charming \\"One Day I'll Fly Away\\" which was composed by Crusader pianist Joe Sample for singer Randy Crawford. In all, this is one great CD of ballads recorded with the trademark ECM soundscape by engineer Martin Pearson (Haden is particularly impressed with how his sound is captured: courtesy of Mr Pearson) and propelled along by two of the giants of jazz. \\"Jasmine\\"-like, indeed! Highly Recommended. Five BEAUTIFUL Stars (This review is based on an Amazon.com MP3 download of  8 tracks, 62:32 total time; and the outstanding National Public Radio interview \\"Charlie Haden and Keith Jarrett Channel The Standards\\": see second note below.)
B000002J5K|4.0|It was the only CD I could find with Ray Charles singing Shake a Tail Feather.
B0006L0LOS|1.0|If I could give it less than 1 star I would. The only super hero movie I would never buy. The worst plot acting & costumes.
B0002V7OI8|5.0|\\"Deep Impact\\" is made along the lines as the great seventies disaster films such as \\"Earthquake\\" and \\"The Towering Inferno\\", but with better and more advanced special effects. The story deals with the knowledge that a giant comet is going to crash into the earth and all man kind will be allihilated. With amazing photography and state-of-the-art special effects, \\"Deep Impact\\" brings new life to the disaster movie genre and takes the viewer on a terrifying ride with the question \\"could this actually happen?\\". The movie is filled with some of todays top Hollywood actors such as Morgan Freeeman, Vannessa Redgrave, Robert Duvall, Elijah Wood, and more. Gene Shalit says the film is \\"a thriller with brains\\". The film so far has grossed a jaw-dropping $350,000,000 at the worldwide boxoffice!
0312263120|1.0|I give myself credit for hangin' in there until the last page. This is early Dan Brown...and 'poorly' Dan Brown. I cannot attest to the 'technical' aspects of the book as to whether they are correct or not...thankfully, I see at least one reader (who rated this book) knew that aspect of the book was inaccuarate many times over. Brown wanders and meanders toward the predictable points of the plot: you might as well fill-in the sentences yourself and come up with better twists in the plot.
B0017VG69U|5.0|If you've been waiting to buy the original series like me, now is the time. Season 2 really has it all. \\"Doomsday Machine\\" has the best remastered special effects of any other episode in any season, and \\"Amok Time\\" was done well too.   There were other classic episodes in this season like \\"A piece of the action\\" and \\"Assignment Earth\\". Then there were two classic stories that introduced characters and places that would be seen many years later in other Star Trek series and movies, such as \\"Metamorphosis\\", the first time we see the infamous Zephram Cochran. And who could forget the fan favorite \\"Mirror, Mirror\\" which we get our first glimpse into the opposite Star Trek universe.     I first bought season 2 and after watching it and seeing the amazing remastered special effects and the awesome extras I ended buying seasons 1 and 3 as well. All 3 seasons were painstakingly remastered from the original series film footage (in some cases frame by frame) and the theme song was also re-recorded by many of the original musicians.   Whether you're buying it for yourself or as a gift, any fan of Star Trek will be delighted to receive this.
B0036EH3X4|5.0|I have never been more hooked on and obsessed with a television series as I was with LOST. When the final season came along I was skeptical that it would be able to live up to the hype and provide a proper ending to the epic tale of science vs. faith, not to mention the classic ensemble of characters, that we've followed for six years. Now that the series is over I have to say that I am blown away; the finale in particular exceeded my expectations. A beautiful and satisfying ending. This was a great season filled with a fine balance of tragedy, comedy, adventure, horror, etc etc. I highly recommend not only this season but the series as a whole; it's one wild ride you won't forget.
B00328G4V6|4.0|Valleys of Neptune contains 12 tracks (with a total of 62 minutes) remixed and remastered from previously unreleased studio recordings - but not a comprehensive album as such.  The most original piece is, of course, the title song (worth the price alone).  Good sound though, considering the source material.  With its rare historical value it has now been made available to the educated public after 41 years in the vaults.  In style, it is also available as a double LP on vinyl (presumably for those of us who have not yet bothered to change to digital...)  Give yourself a treat, as I did, taking a break from Bach, dare to be 20 again and find yourself back in psychedelic `69!
0316044695|4.0|This book doesn't really get to Afghanistan until half way through. Gives great inside view of selection and training and then Operation Redwing from where the SEALS were.
B0036EH3XE|2.0|The series wrap up was reminiscent of a 5th grader playing cut and paste. There was no \\"Prestige\\". no bread crumbs to go back and say \\"Oh My Gosh...they had carved this finale since day 1\\"    the \\"great twist finale\\" was when you realize that you already saw the writers BEST efforts in season 1 and a few spatterings in early season 2 and brushed thinly through 3 4 and 5. Season 6 is almost it's own show. Largely independent of everything you have witnessed through seasons 1 through 5.    The Season 6 tv promos could literally say: \\"Forget what you know about LOST... because we're tossing 95% of what you think you know, RIGHT DOWN THE IRRELEVANCE CRAPPER\\"    the ending works for an episode of Twilight Zone or Outer Limits... But the \\"Lost Finale\\" was more like a 2.5 hour awakening that the writers were bluffing the whole time.     \\"The End\\" didn't best serve the imagination of the shows FANTASTIC reality. It merely tied neat little pink bows on all the characters, and sent them down the \\"Happy Bubbles Brook\\".    Fight Club, 12 Monkeys, Memento, SAW (just the first one), Arlington Road, Shawshank Redemption, The Number 23, etc...are examples of a \\"superbly written journey\\"     Writers that know where they are going and writing to that end.   be coy... be clever... be mysterious... be withholding... keep some secrets to your grave...bend and twist reality to stretch, confuse and make us think...   BUT stay on a veiled target so when the audience looks back they are rewarded with a hindsight perspective that makes them want to rewatch the series immediately.    ...but it takes no genius to craft the meaningless rabbit trails and the mediocre ending that we were offered to appease our LOST appetite.    I just CAN'T believe the SAME writers - that took me (via a plane crash) to a mysterious hatch, on an ancient hidden island, inhabited by an esoteric tribe of people from a 1970's-era-physiological/scifi/hyper-classified research bunker that was studying a \\"SECRET SOMETHING\\"  so incredible, that makes TIME and SPACE itself, bend to it's awesome mystical power... - gave me such a convoluted vanilla-flavored \\"Disney Cartoon\\" ending...
B0000AQS0F|5.0|If you are a devotee of Buffy and/or Angel, you have to check out Joss Whedon's (all too short) Firefly series.  Snappy dialogue and a mixture of Western and Sci Fi, it truly is a masterpiece of viewing pleasure. I saw the movie first and was blown away but the series is just that one step beyond. I have been a fan of Sci Fi for a long time now, but sometimes I thought the genre tended to get a little too unapproachable.This series,with its stellar cast (especially Nathan Fillion) grabs the essence of a swashbuckling space hero on the wrong side of the law and takes you on such a ride that you will, like me, be screaming at the \\"powers that be\\" - \\"how dare you take this off the air so soon\\"! So enjoyable I will look forward to watching it many many times - thanks Amazon.
B0021L8UMQ|5.0|I love Salvador Dali, and having done some research about him and Frederico Garcia Lorca, I found the story stayed so true to fact.  That makes a movie for me.  The dedication of all the actors, the enthusiasm, living in the moment in Spain during the revolution, was depicted so well.  Pattinson, although not much acting under his belt, played his heart out in this one.  I laughed so much, and cried my eyes out too.  I would recommend this movie to anyone with an open mind, and a little knowledge about its context.  Watching the interview with some of the actors, the director, and the playwrite really helped me.  Not for Twi's looking for ewey gooey Rpatz.  Not gonna happen.
0061766089|4.0|\\"Change by Design\\" by IDEO's Tim Brown is a must read for anyone interested in or responsible for innovation.  Brown is a leader in the Design Thinking movement that includes  Roger Martin who heads up the Rotman School of Business at University of Toronto.  Brown clearly positions Design Thinking not as creative/intuitive -versus- analytical thinking but as a balanced integration of the two as a means of generating breakthrough innovation.<br /><br />\\"Change by Design\\" is full of wonderful examples of innovation that on their own make this book compelling.  However, it's the visibility Brown provides on the process of innovation: the \\"mental matrix\\", mindmaps, convergent and divergent choices, best practice guidelines on prototyping and brainstorming -to name just a few - that make this a design and innovation bible.<br /><br />One of the very helpful insights is that innovation's window of opportunity is small.  Brown provides an interesting example where he writes: \\"The Aquaduct - a human-powered tricycle designed to filter drinking water while transporting it,  is now traveling the world to help promote clean water innovation.  It succeeded because of the inflexible constraints of technology (pedal power), budget ($0.00), and inflexible deadline.\\"<br /><br />For me, another lesson on resisting the quest for a perfect solution (that often leads to over-engineering) in order to strike while the window is still open!
B002K0WBY6|5.0|I loved the movie and had to buy it.  Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds make a great couple and had great chemistry.  Loved that it bring the digital copy for my ipod.
B000022TSV|5.0|My mother LOVED her present! She was blown away with copy of Carmen. This has become one of pride possessions.
B000003S09|3.0|To preface:  I AM A KING CRIMSON FAN! I've seen them live (best concert I ever attended, 1984 - Poplar Creek, Chicago); I have 21 of their cds and 2 dvds.<br />Having said that, this album has three good tracks; \\"21st Cent. Schizoid Man, Epitaph, & ITCOTCK\\".  \\"I Talk to the Wind\\" is nice enough, I guess. Decent Lake vocals, nice flute, but truly nothing special;  \\"Moonchild\\" is 3 nice enough minutes featuring Lake's vocals followed by 9+ minutes of PURE CRAP. Don't tell me it's art. Don't tell me it's an acquired taste (MOST of what I enjoy is an acquired taste - it makes for all the more satisfying appreciation in the end). \\"Moonchild\\" is 75% wasted vinyl. I've edited this review from 2 stars because I've really grown to enjoy \\"Epitaph\\" and it's wonderful haunting vocal by Greg Lake. \\"I Talk to the Wind\\" is grabbing me a bit more - it's just such a comedown from the high energy of \\"Schizoid\\". Then again, maybe that balance is some of the charm of Crimso. Pretty good album to drive in the rain to.  3.5 stars
0195145925|5.0|I'm a little dismayed by the ratio of 1-star to 5-star reviews on this title. Seems our popular physics reading community has lowered its standards in recent (...) years.<br />Fact is, this is a work of genius, but it takes some knowledge of basic physics to be appreciated. In other words, it is not for beginners. That Dr. Barbour tries to reach out to the uneducated is perhaps his only flaw with this presentation. For that, consider this actually to be a 4-1/2 star review.<br /><br />I think the neophyte's basic problem with the notion of a timeless universe stems from his inability to conceive that a static configuration space can yield the illusion of temporal flow and causality. To this I say that Dr. Barbour is a PHYSICIST, not a religious mystic nor a neuropsychologist! That's not the man's job! He's just telling what his physics is saying, and it is that the universe exists Then, Now, and all Nows-we-have-yet-to-perceive. Everything that exists exists simulatenously. Only in our heads do we experience past, present, and future. Temporality is an act of consciousness (or unconsciousness). Don't expect the man, a mere physicist, to offer pearls of wisdom concerning human experience of time.<br /><br />I can see some other reasons why newcomers may have problems with the book. First there is the notion of configuration space, the greatest of which Barbour calls \\"Platonia\\", his nickname for the \\"universal relative configuration space\\" (4 syllables instead of 13, a nice simplification). It should go without saying that compressing our 3 dimensions of space into a single axis on a space-time graph requires a profound imaginative effort beyond most neophyte readers of physics. You just have to keep at reading and thinking about it for a long long time before you can \\"get it\\".<br /><br />Second there is Mach's principle, the idea that all the matter in the far-off universe affects the inertial behaviour of matter in our laboratories right here on Earth. My only possible criticism of Barbour's presentation is that, like configuration space, he does not spend quite enough space (pages) explaining this basic concept to physics-ignoramuses. This is a pity, since it also is a central theme of his argument for the timeless universe.<br /><br />Let me just mention three other books that may help with understanding Mach's principle. 1) [[ASIN:0375727205 The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space, Time, and the Texture of Reality]] by Brian Greene pages 33-38, 72-74, and 417. this for the basics and their significances. 2) [[ASIN:0465090869 Was Einstein Right? 2nd Edition: Putting General Relativity To The Test]] by Clifford Will pages 149-152. Includes a nice diagram of \\"Newton's Bucket\\" and 3) [[ASIN:0679744088 Dreams of a Final Theory: The Scientist's Search for the Ultimate Laws of Nature]] by Steven Weinberg pages 143-144. These two sentences most particularly -- \\"The circulation of the matter of the universe around the zenith seen by observers on the merry-go-round produces a field somewhat like the magnetic field produced by the circulation of electricity in the coils of an electromagnet. It is this 'gravitomagnetic' field that in the merry-go-round frame of reference produces the effects that in more conventional frames of reference are attributed to the centrifugal force.\\"<br />Barbour says very the same thing when he says that the spinning far-off stars create a gravitational field that affects the water in Newton's bucket right here on Earth. And this is one (only one) of the places where the neophyte reader's lack of basic physics frustrates his ability to appreciate Barbour's work. Because any physics undergrad will tell you that when you accelerate (read:rotate) a charged object, you cause it to emit radiation. Well, the \\"charge\\" associated with the gravitational field is mass. Yes -- shake your fist and your are emitting (very very weak) gravitational radiation. And so it is with the spinning stars. And since all motion is relative(thanks, Einstein!) it matters not whether you are turning circles or it is the far-off stars! Without a basic foundation in physics knowledge, this basic fact will go right over the head of the neophyte reader of Barbour.<br /><br />Perhaps one other thing that might bother the reader weak in physics is Dr. Barbour's use of metaphors to describe some of his concepts. Most prominent is his use of the \\"Blue Mist\\" to represent the Schrodinger wave function, and \\"Triangle Land\\". Well, the use of these sorts of metaphors are historical fixtures in popular physics exposition. Most famously we have Schrodinger's cat. Most telling I think is Feynman's [[ASIN:0691024170 QED: The Strange Theory of Light and Matter]], in which he uses little spinning clocks within photons to delineate the phase relationships between them. The object with the metaphors is to boil down complex ideas into readily graspable mental objects that intuitively represent them. This is something that the reader new to popular physics will just have to get used to. Don't just say \\"I don't understand this Blue Mist rubbish...this guy is an eggheaded jerk\\". Well buddy, fact is he's got it and you don't. You'll just have to work harder if you do want to get it.<br /><br />The only possible valid critisism of Barbour's use of metaphor to convey difficult ideas is that the ones he devises are somehow lacking. Probably the Kingfisher metaphor for the illusion of temporal flow could have been better thought out; however, the Red Mist and the Blue Mist settling over Platonia as stand-ins for the \\"collapse of the wavefunction\\" in the Schrodinger Equation could not have been better. How else to illustrate the deterministic evolution of the wavefunction and then its sudden crystallization when an observation/measurement is at last performed?<br /><br />Let me say just one thing about this charge of Dr. Barbour's \\"arrogance\\". He's working on the cutting edge of spacetime physics, and he's invested his entire life in this work. This book you're holding is the result of decades of dedicated effort (let's remember it takes 10 years of hard work \\"just to get a PhD\\"). And physicists in general think they're above the rest of us mere mortals...remember Szilard was so \\"prima-donna\\" that he wouldn't flush his own toilet for himself! That said, he wouldn't have attempted a popular science book if he didn't care about the understanding of us \\"ordinary laypeople\\"; he would have just stuck to the professional journals. I think Dr. Barbour gets this rap mainly because of the book's sub-title \\"The Next Revolution in Physics\\" right on the cover. For some, I suppose that could be a turnoff. But think: if his ideas are right, it certainly would be true. And at least I believe if he's not right, he's on to something with this book.<br /><br />These topics of space and time are so complex that any sophisticated thinker must necessarily sling these basics of physics around left-and-right to get anything done. But we see that it's just too much for some uneducated physics reader to keep up with. So we must mute our criticism where the complexities get beyond our depth.<br />And yet, Barbour does try in this book to reach out to the unsophisticated reader. He patiently spends many pages explaining the basics of relativity and quantum (wave) mechanics. In my opinion this is the book's only possibly flaw -- admirable yet ultimately lost on this new dot-com generation. He should have spent more time explaining the core ideas -- Platonia, configuration spaces, and Mach's principle. With his Kingfisher metaphor he even tries to explain the paradox of instants-and-flow, yet even this noble attempt is commendable-but-misplaced. It only confuses the simple people -- see the one-star reviews here.<br /><br />Even more noble, I think, is Barbour's career path. He earned his doctorate in physics, then chose to stay outside the university setting and work independently while supporting his family commercially.This is something very very rare while working on the most profound foundational issues. Furthermore, he has published his work professionally (as a working non-professional) in the British science publication \\"Nature\\". Be assured this is the very-most high-end of the physics community; to get in Nature your paper must pass peer-review. This is top-flight stuff -- so be assured his ideas are very much worthy of merit, no matter how weird they may seem to you.<br /><br />Speaking of weird (beyond perception), let's remember that we live on a spinning Earth, and it goes some 30,000 meters per second around the sun. Which itself revolves around the Milky Way within the Orion Arm even faster. And the Milky Way itself revolves around the Virgo Supercluster yet even faster.<br />The surface of the Earth looks flat. On a small scale, but I hope we know better by now...<br />You get the idea. You don't feel these motions or sense these distortions. But science says and we know they are real. And Barbour delivers evidence that the temporal universe we perceive is an illusion -- there is only the relative configuration of objects with their distances in Platonia. How this illusion arises Barbour -- no one -- can yet say, but that is what his physics is saying.<br /><br />I should also like to mention Davies' [[ASIN:0684818221 About Time: Einstein's Unfinished Revolution]]. This book perhaps should be read as a preface to Barbour's, since it explains the physics of time in simpler language. And it makes two pertinent points: 1) it is the majority opinion of most professional physicists that Barbour's notion of time as an all-existing structure of past-present-future is the correct one -- the human experience of time as a temporal flow is illusory and 2) human senses are easily deceived as exampled by what happens if one spins one's body round and round and then stops suddenly -- the world is perceived to be still spinning.<br /><br />Get the book, think, get the other books, and rethink. Maybe this kind of thing bothers the simple thinkers (?), but books I don't quite understand are the books I like best -- they are ideas you can gnaw on endlessly. \\"The End of Time\\" is certainly one of those books.dedicated effort (let's remember it takes 10 years of hard work \\"just to get a PhD\\"). And physicists in general think they're above the rest of us mere mortals...remember Szilard was so \\"prima-donna\\" that he wouldn't flush his own toilet for himself! That said, he wouldn't have attempted a popular science book if he didn't care about the understanding of us \\"ordinary laypeople\\"; he would have just stuck to the professional journals. I think Dr. Barbour gets this rap mainly because of the book's sub-title \\"The Next Revolution in Physics\\" right on the cover. For some, I suppose that could be a turnoff. But think: if his ideas are right, it certainly would be true. And at least I believe if he's not right, he's on to something with this book.    These topics of space and time are so complex that any sophisticated thinker must necessarily sling these basics of physics around left-and-right to get anything done. But we see that it's just too much for some uneducated physics reader to keep up with. So we must mute our criticism where the complexities get beyond our depth.  And yet, Barbour does try in this book to reach out to the unsophisticated reader. He patiently spends many pages explaining the basics of relativity and quantum (wave) mechanics. In my opinion this is the book's only possibly flaw -- admirable yet ultimately lost on this new dot-com generation. He should have spent more time explaining the core ideas -- Platonia, configuration spaces, and Mach's principle. With his Kingfisher metaphor he even tries to explain the paradox of instants-and-flow, yet even this noble attempt is commendable-but-misplaced. It only confuses the simple people -- see the one-star reviews here.    Even more noble, I think, is Barbour's career path. He earned his doctorate in physics, then chose to stay outside the university setting and work independently while supporting his family commercially. This is something very very rare while working on the most profound foundational issues. Furthermore, he has published his work professionally (as a working non-professional) in the British science publication \\"Nature\\". Be assured this is the very-most high-end of the physics community; to get in Nature your paper must pass peer-review. This is top-flight stuff -- so be assured his ideas are very much worthy of merit, no matter how weird they may seem to you.    Speaking of weird (beyond perception), let's remember that we live on a spinning Earth, and it goes some 30,000 meters per second around the sun. Which itself revolves around the Milky Way within the Orion Arm even faster. And the Milky Way itself revolves around the Virgo Supercluster yet even faster.  The surface of the Earth looks flat. On a small scale, but I hope we know better by now...  You get the idea. You don't feel these motions or sense these distortions. But science says and we know they are real. And Barbour delivers evidence that the temporal universe we perceive is an illusion -- there is only the relative configuration of objects with their distances in Platonia. How this illusion arises Barbour -- no one -- can yet say, but that is what his physics is saying.    I should also like to mention Davies' [[ASIN:0684818221 About Time: Einstein's Unfinished Revolution]]. This book perhaps should be read as a preface to Barbour's, since it explains the physics of time in simpler language. And it makes two pertinent points: 1) it is the majority opinion of most professional physicists that Barbour's notion of time as an all-existing structure of past-present-future is the correct one -- the human experience of time as a temporal flow is illusory and 2) human senses are easily deceived as exampled by what happens if one spins one's body round and round and then stops suddenly -- the world is perceived to be still spinning.    Get the book, think, get the other books, and rethink. Maybe this kind of thing bothers the simple thinkers (?), but books I don't quite understand are the books I like best -- they are ideas you can gnaw on endlessly. \\"The End of Time\\" is certainly one of those books.
B000A2RRF4|4.0|Face it --Michael Jackson is second to none anywhere.  He puts his all into his work.  This is an enjoyable DVD and well worth watching.  MJ does not lip synch all the time as some imply- -there is plenty of time when you can tell he is singing live.  He can't dance and sing at the same time, nor can anyone else. The man has to breathe, you know ?<br /><br />I took off a star because this video spends waaay too much time showing swooning fans.  I am interested in watching MJ, not watching the fans in the audience.  It is a pity because all the fan shots take away from the show.<br /><br />Michael Jackson was incredibly talented in everything he did.  If you really watch it, you'll see how much thought he put into every detail of his work.<br /><br /> It is the saddest thing that he died so early.  He had so much to give us.<br /><br /> Gone too soon.  Love you MJ.
B0035G9ABQ|4.0|Instead of their third effort being comparable to \\"Gorillaz\\" and \\"Demon Days\\", \\"Plastic Beach\\" is a weaker effort than both, and has more similarities with their reggae remix album.  Man o' man have we been waiting for this album for ages.  All this time and you thought they would have released something game-changing, but Plastic Beach is dissapointing and states that Demon Days will be the best of Gorillaz.  I'm not saying this album is bad, but compared to how amazing the first two albums were, Plastic Beach feels like a cover band imitating Gorillaz.  It contains far too less great songs, and an abundance of OK songs.  Gone are the catchy hooks and addictive beats.  Enter uninvited rap artists and an over-indulgence in beachy themes.  Gorillaz feels less like that original hip-hop/electronica/experimental band we once knew, and now I can't quite define what they've become.<br /><br />Great Songs!<br />*Rhinestone Eyes<br />*Empire Ants<br />*Plastic Beach<br /><br />Good Songs!<br />*Glitter Freeze<br />*Stylo<br />*To Binge<br /><br />Ok Songs<br />*Welcome to the World of the Plastic Beach<br />*White Flag<br />*Some Kind of Nature<br />*On Melancholy Hill<br />*Broken<br />*Pirate Jet<br /><br />What?!<br />*Superfast Jellyfish<br />*Sweepstakes<br />*Cloud of Unknowing<br /><br />So you can see, there's only three great songs on this album next to all the mediocre tunes.  Remember when you sat down and listened to \\"Kids with Guns\\" and \\"Every Planet we Reach is Dead?\\"  I was blown away with the impact of nearly everything on Demon Days, but Plastic Beach does not have a similar impact.  Rather this effort feels like a B-sides disc.  It's hard to give it 4 stars, because it almost doesn't deserve it.  It does, however, have some solidity and replay value, that I do listen to it quite often.  If I could I'd give it 3 &1/2 stars.  Lower your expectations, because Gorillaz have passed their musical peak at Demon Days.  Plastic Beach is just a lazy area down the hill.
0061122416|4.0|Received this book from a friend and thought... NOT ANOTHER BOOK?!  However, I was surprised to find it inspirational. A tale of a boy who dreams of seeing the world and through his travels and experiences culminating in a fateful encounter with an alchemist, achieves self-understanding and spiritual enlightenment. A book full of wisdom and one that reminds me to keep those dreams alive.
B001CEE1YE|5.0|Been wanting this box set for a long time and now that I finally have it I couldn't be happier.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|This was not just a tv series, this was a message to the ones that are able to see it. A couple of points revealed: The island is an anomaly in the fabric of space-time. It has an energy pool at it's core strong enough to create a severe dimensional distortion, not strong enough to be a black hole however, but powerful enough to alter space-time linearity and/or perception of it and make it invisible to the more stable linear energy field of our world. Regarding the origin of the island I can only say that it could be Atlantian in nature or that the energy core of it was created at the time of the universe's Big-Bang and it crystalized into an island on our planet over cosmic eons purely out of quantum probability (in other words: it has existed since to beginning of known time). The energy core allows access to space-time dimensions of higher simmetry, therefore reversing dimensional entropy and approaching the infinity factor which in religion is also called God. The higher simmetry is also a unifying constant that makes all experienced separation become one again and cancelling out all fluctuations. Perhaps civilization came from it and the island allowed intelligent life on this planet (2001 space odissey anyone?). Ultimately this show was a somewhat flawed human interpretation of something much larger than ourselves. Contemplate people, contemplate.......
1595825045|5.0|An awesome collection of pre-production art; character designs, props, backgrounds, example of storyboards and animation. This book covers all three seasons, episode by episode, from its pilot episode to the grand finale of Sozin's comet.  It is a beautiful collection, presented in a nice hardcover book. There is so much material, it is almost a shame the publisher didn't do one book for each seasons and printed some of the pictures bigger.    If you're looking to have an inside look at the great artworks produced for this show, this is a must have book for all fans of the series.
1592402690|5.0|Most people write about what they think or what they suppose when talking about The Fab Four.Geoff Emerick was not only in the room while some of the greatest music of our generation was being made he invented many of the iconic sounds we hear.This is an insiders look that any Fab fan will drool over. The insights into the four are more like listening to a younger brother talk about siblings than just an employee.It's the musical insights that are the real treasure here.Mr.Emerick earns the nickname \\"GOLDENEAR\\" and all you have to do is sit back and enjoy.
B0027VT0AQ|4.0|Really quick--before you have time to think--grab a pen and a pad of yellow sticky notes.  Yes, they have to be yellow.  Write down the following six principles of memorable messages:<br /><br />1. Simplicity<br />2. Unexpectedness<br />3. Concreteness<br />4. Credibility<br />5. Emotional<br />6. Stories<br /><br />It's a shame you're not in a bookstore right now--you could just tear the definitions right off of the dust jacket.  Never mind.  Now give yourself a moment to let your irritation pass at the cuteness of the first letters spelling out \\"success.\\"  There it goes.  Not so bad, really.  No worse than some of those sales management acronyms.<br /><br />Now put this sticky note up where you work.  And think about it for a day or two. Then read this book.  I'm not saying buy it, necessarily.  But read it.  It will help you make your messages mighty and memorable.  Tell people I said so.  Yell it at them if you have to.
B00001NFCY|1.0|This is one of the most over rated pieces of trash ever made.  Every song almost is terrible and uninspired.  Pearl jam sucks hard and this band is like a gay pearl jam.  Arms wide open is one of the cheesiest songs ever written, what a pussy band.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This documentary shows how profits rather than health concerns have come to rule our food system.  Every American needs to know what they're eating, what effect it has on our bodies and why corporations cannot make decisions about what we eat.
B0002V7ODI|5.0|This movie is awesome. i love this film and it's on a directors cut specail three disc edtion. can't get any better than this. Ron pearlman is perfect for this part as hellboy. This movie rocks. If you have not seen this movie then you should
B003BKF696|5.0|This album is one that I find myself only putting on when I am able to listen to the whole thing. I'm not going to say I didn't love Boxer or Alligator, but both of those albums have tracks that outshine the overall sound. High Violet is the exact opposite to me. The songs present work better together than broken apart. That's not to say that the songs can't stand on their own, but the overall effect that the album has as a single cohesive unit is absolutely jaw dropping.
B0000696I1|5.0|this third installment of the the turtle movies come to an end. which really dose not make me sad i'm glad that they quit with this one. if they made another then they might of ruined it. yes i agree that it's not as good as the first two but it's still a great movie. I'm glad that they kept the same actor for casey jones. In this movie apruil buys splinter a septer and she acidently gets transported in time. so naturally the turtles go after her and try to recue her. this movioe is awesome. If you have not seen this movie then you should
1569242739|5.0|This is honestly my most used cookbook. It's probably got all the cupcake flavors smeared across the pages! Let me say that I had never made a cupcake in my life before I opened this book and now I'm known as \\"the girl with the cupcakes\\". It's pretty much expected that at any social function I attend, I will be bringing cupcakes. I've baked my way through most of the recipes in this book and managed to get a little creative on my own! It's well-written, totally unintimidating for a baking novice, and EVERY cupcake has turned out beautifully (even in my 50-year-old oven with the door that doesn't close all the way!). I can't thank Isa and Terry enough for this book!
B001F7MSFW|5.0|Thats right everyone Hellboy's back in this non stop action sequel to the blockbuster hit. Hellboy returns with his grilfriend liz and his odd but fishy friend abe. Hellboy and his gang are set off to stop the menace of a dark prince who awakens an army to destroy all humanity. so it's up to hellboty and his pals to stop him. this movie is awesome just as good as the first. If you have not seen this movie then you should
B0036EH3TS|2.0|NOTE: THIS IS A REVIEW ABOUT THE BLU-RAY release ONLY, not the movie itself.    Two words. UTTER DISAPPOINTMENT.  It's really only worth a rental.  Now on to the detail.    The audio track is AMAZING. Very great sounds. The video aged pretty well for a movie that's more than a decade old. Colors are vivid.    Now if you wanted this to see Aerosmith in HD, please skip on this. It's in 480i (or P if your blu-ray rolls that way). And aside from the music video, all you get is 2 trailers. THATS IT.    If you wanted something that packs a punch in special features, skip this release of Armageddon. If you want an amazing quality of an actually decent Bay film, look no further!
B00005JLXE|5.0|Marvel Has awesome superheros and Daredevil is one of them. Ben Affleck plays Dredevil and he's awesome at it. Jennifer Garner plays Elektra and she is awesome and georgeous in her outfit. Collin Ferlle Plays Draedevils Main Nemisesse Bullseye and he rocks and Michael Clark Duncan Plays the Most Dangerous and powerful Villian in the marvel universe The Kingpin. Though the Kingpins is White i still don't think you could of picked a better actor to play The Kingpin but Michael Clark Duncan. and when are they going to Make Dredevil 2. I hope they keep all of the original actors if they do make a sequel. This movie is awesome. The action is awesome the costumes are awesome and so is the story and actors.  If you have not seen this movie then you should
B0000073NC|5.0|Definitely a gem, I had the 45 single of Speedy's Coming, and nearly wore it out, somebody from Brazil eventually bought it from me, anyway, underrated, and happily overwhelming showing the direction of more great things to come!
B0000696I0|5.0|okay the first movie was awesome and so is this one. in this movie the turtles find out about thier origins and what made them mutants. and the evil shredder returns and has plans of his own. i really love this movie ninja turtles rule and always will. i do have one thing to say they should of put bebop and rocksteady in the movie than toka and rhazar. but they still were cool and the costumes were awesome they don't make movies like this anymore it all digital. well If you have not seen this movie then you should.
B002N8A14M|5.0|I got this a few weeks back and have been using it 3 times a week.  It shows very little signs of wear.  It is pretty comfortable, although I have nothing else to compare it to because this is my first armband I have ever purchased.  I bought it due to the good reviews I have seen.  Overall I would recommend you get it if you do a lot of running and want something that will protect well and be comfortable.  I also like how you can pull the iPod from the armband and it still be in its protective case.
B002ZCY7PU|5.0|Josh Schwartz & Chris Fedak do not disappoint anyone in this season either, as the finally of 2 hours hit on TV tonight I can only say they leave a HUGE loose end but do it in such a way as like \\"slipping down the rabbit hole boys and girls!\\"  It was an excellent season as all the prior ones and there has not ever been a series created with the humor and action as this series (I have never seen one like this remotely and is miles different then something like LaFemme Nakita), it truly is unique and puts you in the greatest moods after you watch the show.  Shaw is an issue during the ENTIRE season all the way through, Scott Baccula's character of Chuck's dad (he did an excellent job too as always) leaves the biggest mystery in the end of the finale and his character ends up giving you a \\"JOLT\\" with what he goes through and unleashes upon Chuck.  Chuck must step up to the plate to protect his loved ones and do something deeper in the very end as he also progresses through the series and as far as protecting family, ironically so does John Casey (Adam Baldwin).  The general's character even has a few bumps more than usual in the finale and everyone is left in a forced situation of change.  It leaves the staff of the Buy More in a real \\"BANG for the BUCK\\" so to speak, and literally leaves them in uncertain unstable \\"explosive\\" situations as well.  That is all I will say.  They did an excellent job with romance, action, and humor, it has been a fun ride.
B002HK9IDQ|4.0|The film is all one would expect from a vintage film.  Great dialogue, fantastic sets and wonderful music.  I bought this for my mom and the only drawback -- and unfortunately a big one for her -- is that there is no closed captioning.    Since she has a hearing problem she relies on this to watch films.
1439102813|5.0|Still Alice by Lisa Genova<br />HIGHLY RECOMMEND<br />published: 2009 (first published 2007) by Pocket Books<br />binding: Paperback<br />pages: 305<br />[...]<br /><br />Only fifty years old. Alice Howland, a world-renowned expert in linguistics and a cognitive psychology professor at Harvard is diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease. Still Alice is the story of the unraveling of Alice's life as her disease progresses.<br /><br />An incredible book that offers a rarely viewed window into the progression of Alzheimer's disease, both terrifying and heart-rending.
0316017922|1.0|Trust me: don't buy this book.  It would be a waste of your time and money.  If you really, really want to read it, I will gladly give you mine. Seriously.    OK, first the good things: the cover design is beautifully done by Allison J Warner in white with a photograph of colorful marbles from the Getty Images collection. The pages are nicely laid out in an easy-to-read fashion (not too many words!) with just the right amount of white space in between.    Now the bad:  the book is poorly written, researched and organized. The author's pat conclusions are illogical.  And as far as I can tell, there is not a single original idea in the book.    Alex Ross' excellently written The Rest is Noise made me want to subscribe to The New Yorker. Outliers, written by another writer for the same magazine, made me want to puke.
B001OQCV6A|4.0|I didn't expect to really enjoy this movie, as the reviews were \\"iffy\\".  Well, I LOVED it...Robert Downey and Judy Law!  OY!
B002BW7A58|4.0|This is a pretty good Album. Not Weezey's best work, but thats ok. He's new to Rock, and is still trying to find his style. The best songs on this album are the ones where he raps, and somebody else does the chourus. Ex: One way trip ft. Kevin Rudolf and Knockout ft. Nicki Minaj. Knockout is the first song I dont totally regret hearing Nicki's verse. Hopefully this wont be his only attempt at Rock. It would be interesting to see where he takes it from here. Again, good start weezey.
B002VECM6S|5.0|My wife & I really enjoyed Blind Side. It felt good -- like the good guys won!  It has a good lesson for all of us.
B003AYBD7W|2.0|I love this album by Styx very much.That out of the way,this 24-karat gold remaster(by Kevin Grey) offers little,if any,sonic upgrade over the A&M 1980's CD.The volume level is still low and while there's a bit more detail (in the quieter moments) and a bit less muddiness,it still sounds rather flat and lifeless.In fact,if you are new to this album and haven't heard the old CD,you might come under the impression that this disc wasn't remastered at all,just something thrown into the marketplace to cash in on the 80's CD reissue craze.On the plus side,it does contain the poster that was included in the original 1977 release,though the colors look a bit off.All in all,the Audio Fidelity \\"The Grand Illusion\\" gold CD isn't horrible,but it's certainly not worth forking the extra money over. (P.S: For those who need a sonic upgrade,try getting the 2009 Japanese SHM-CD remaster(UICY-93921),which IMO destroys both the A&M and the AF ones,sounding crystal-clear,powerful and minty-fresh.Yes,it's pricey and hard to find,but you won't regret it in the end.)
B001LF347E|5.0|I live in the Central US and my friends had been telling me to watch this show for months before I saw it on Tv one Saturday afternoon and absolutely fell in love with it. I ordered the DVD's a few weeks later and got them in a timely manner. (Which is wonderful considering that most orders from other sites get lost along the way, or take a long time in general.) The extra features are very insightful and hilarious. (I just love listening to them talk &lt;Accents!>) I definitely would recommend this to all of my friends, I already do! =]
B002ZG974M|3.0|\\"Here Come The Babies\\". A simple concept and an even more simplistic marketing tool for a movie. There is something undeniably watch able about this new French documentary following four newborns from different parts of the world during the first year of their lives.<br /><br />Generally, whenever anything connected to Anne Geddes is within five feet I start to get a little queasy. I was afraid \\"Babies\\" would be like watching an extended commercial for Anne Geddes' new project. The film is cute and fun and amusing, but, thankfully, the saccharin levels are kept in check. How this is done is not entirely clear to me. It almost seems like a miracle.<br /><br />We watch as four new babies enter the world. First, cameras actually capture Bayar's birth in a surprisingly up to date Mongolian hospital. Ponijau, the Namibian baby, is born in the most primitive conditions, her mother spreading red dye over her belly before birth and over the newborn when she enters the world. We also catch up with Mari, born in the hustle and bustle of Tokyo and Hattie, born in the most medically sophisticated surroundings in a hospital in San Francisco. As the camera focuses on the babies, we watch the very different parents care for their newborns, imparting the traditions and conditions of their respective societies on the new children.<br /><br />\\"Babies\\" doesn't have a narrative; it simply follows the children through various parts of their first years. We watch Ponijaur fighting with another child as they play in the red dirt, pounding plastic bottles with rocks. We watch as Mari attends a Mommy and Me group with her mother, trying to figure out what the overly eager instructor is doing or meant to be. We watch as Hattie attends some strange sort of bonding class with her father, the adults chanting as the babies stare around mystified. We watch as Bayar sits in a metal tub of bath water and a goat walks up behind him and starts to drink from the same water. All of these images are unexplainably mesmerizing and interesting.<br /><br />While there isn't a narrative, it does seem as though there is a thematic assembly. For instance, scenes of the babies learning to crawl are woven together, scenes of the babies learning with their parents are woven together, and scenes of the babies interacting with cats are woven together. While there isn't an over-structured feel to the film, grouping these shots together helps to provide an interesting look at how different these cultures are. And, in many ways, they are also very similar.<br /><br />Throughout the film, there are probably twice as many shots of the babies sitting alone, reacting to things, than there needs to be. These moments seem to be included to elicit laughter and feelings of endearment and veer dangerously close to the cloying Geddes-like feel I was dreading. Thankfully, just as these moments threaten to take over, the camera shifts to a new baby, a new theme or a new setting and the feeling is broken.<br /><br />I really wasn't expecting to enjoy the film as much as I did. Perhaps the babies wove a magic spell over us and I am overlooking some obvious flaw. But the film has a couple of things going in its favor. First, the film runs 79 minutes. It is difficult to become bored in such a short period of time. Second, I was engaged by the glimpses of the various cultures and how different the families are.<br /><br />\\"Babies\\" won't be everyone's cup of tea. A lack of viewpoint and narrative will probably drive many people batty. And not everyone will find the constant barrage of cute images palatable. But I went into the film fearing these things would make it an unpleasant experience for me to watch \\"Babies\\", as painful for me as giving birth. But \\"Babies\\" won me over and is a fun, enjoyable way to enjoy some time with a loved one.<br /><br />Just don't take your wife or girlfriend if you aren't ready to have \\"that\\" discussion.nd interesting.    While there isn't a narrative, it does seem as though there is a thematic assembly. For instance, scenes of the babies learning to crawl are woven together, scenes of the babies learning with their parents are woven together, and scenes of the babies interacting with cats are woven together. While there isn't an over-structured feel to the film, grouping these shots together helps to provide an interesting look at how different these cultures are. And, in many ways, they are also very similar.    Throughout the film, there are probably twice as many shots of the babies sitting alone, reacting to things, than there needs to be. These moments seem to be included to elicit laughter and feelings of endearment and veer dangerously close to the cloying Geddes-like feel I was dreading. Thankfully, just as these moments threaten to take over, the camera shifts to a new baby, a new theme or a new setting and the feeling is broken.    I really wasn't expecting to enjoy the film as much as I did. Perhaps the babies wove a magic spell over us and I am overlooking some obvious flaw. But the film has a couple of things going in its favor. First, the film runs 79 minutes. It is difficult to become bored in such a short period of time. Second, I was engaged by the glimpses of the various cultures and how different the families are.    \\"Babies\\" won't be everyone's cup of tea. A lack of viewpoint and narrative will probably drive many people batty. And not everyone will find the constant barrage of cute images palatable. But I went into the film fearing these things would make it an unpleasant experience for me to watch \\"Babies\\", as painful for me as giving birth. But \\"Babies\\" won me over and is a fun, enjoyable way to enjoy some time with a loved one.    Just don't take your wife or girlfriend if you aren't ready to have \\"that\\" discussion.
0316010669|4.0|Oddly, my least favorite read of the Gladwell social-science trilogy has proven to be the most enlightening.    It's been valuable to consciously note (though, not always act on) my initial reaction to any person or scenario upon first contact. I've begun recommending it to my people as well.    Beyond the direct scope of the book, there's plenty to explore from the \\"other side of the Blink\\" that is - how to be aware of, and subsequently direct, others' Blinks of you. Combine Blink with Nick Boothman's '90 Seconds or Less' layover duo, ([[ASIN:0761158553 How to Connect in Business...]] & [[ASIN:0761149465 How to Make People Like You...]]), and you'll be on top of your cocktail game in no time.    TW
B0039ZF8D2|5.0|I've been yearning for an album like this for longer than I can remember...and it's finally here.    Great beats, great lyrics, great melodies...great record.    Lyrically, it's not Nas's best work, but it's still better than 99% of what's out there. People expecting perfection need to wake up and realize perfect records come along one or twice a decade. It's an unrealistic standard to set for artists. Distant Relatives is fun to listen to, thought provoking and full of energy.    What else do you want?    Favorite tracks:    -As We Enter  -Tribes at War  -Dispear  -Patience
B001DHXT1G|4.0|First off I hated the first Hulk movie... I can't tell you why it's been so long but I HATED it! I like how they focused more on Dr. Banner's struggle with his condition and constantly being hunted by the ARMY with a few good Hulk scenes thrown in as opposed to a 2 hour CGI explosion free-for-all. I also liked how they slipped Lou Farringo in and supposedly he voiced the actual Hulk in his scenes.    No complaints at all about the Blu-Ray disc... plays fine in my el cheapo blu-ray player which does not support firmware updates.
0316044938|1.0|If you don't like the idea of a grisly rape and murder of an innocent girl, don't read this book.    The only thing worse than giving you all the gory details of the rape, murder and body disposal, is spreading out the details throughout the book.  At least if you read a story with a murder, you can usually skip the gore at the beginning and then relax and enjoy the plot.    The Lovely Bones, between the gore and distraught parents and family members, is not a pleasant read.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This movie is truly superb. A lot of people make comparisons between this movie and Pocahontas, and they are very similar, but I there is a key difference which makes this movie so great. The protagonist in this story becomes one of the natives. He learns their ways, learns their language, learns their heart. He understands who the natives are and why the live as they do.
B000051VWW|5.0|This is one of Sade's best albums I think. All the songs are good! You can listen to this album from beginning to end! If you like Sade I def recommend this!
0307594777|5.0|Like millions of people worldwide, I was absolutely captivated by these three books and their strange and utterly unconventional anti-heroine, Lisbeth Salander.  That Larsson manages to evoke such sympathy for her, despite her anti-social nature and penchant for violence, is quite remarkable.  Of course, we might feel differently if not for the monumental injustices she has suffered at the hands of a few corrupt individuals.  She is a victim who has responded to her situation by becoming an outsider.    The story is certainly an intricate one, but Larsson manages to lead us through the maze without losing us along the way.  In fact, one of the joys of the books is gradually realising that there are yet more levels of complexity to get your head around.      Thrilling as the storyline is, the thing I found most interesting about it was the moral dimension.  Corruption in business and in government and the abuse of women are major themes, and Larsson's position on them is crystal clear.  However, both Salander herself and the crusading journalist Blomqvist also act outside the law.  This gives a certain moral ambiguity to the story.  In Salander's case, her illegal acts take place within her own moral code - a code that is internally consistent but at odds with what we would ordinarily consider to be acceptable.  In Blomqvist's case, his acts (including turning a blind eye to Salander's computer crimes) are informed by a desire to expose corruption and to achieve justice for Salander.      So, given Salander's understandable antipathy towards the society that has treated her so appallingly, and Blomqvist's laudable social justice objectives, is their own behaviour morally acceptable?  Do the ends justify the means?  Are the circumstances so extreme that ordinary moral arguments don't apply?  These are the questions that remained with me after I'd finished the final book, and still remain.      Ultimately, this is what makes the Millennium Trilogy something more than your average crime thriller and worth investing the time and mental energy to read.
B003JSSPSY|5.0|When will this come out on DVD?  I just can't wait.  I hope there is some sort of special \\"goodbye\\" from the cast.  They are all such wonderful actors.
0143038583|5.0|I just finished reading this book.  I would highly recommend it to anyone, vegetarians and carnivores, vegans and flexitarians, in fact anyone who eats, specially in the USA as the facts portrayed in this book mainly apply to us.  My outlook on organic, being a vegetarian (which I am) and eating meat has been altered in a very positive way by this book and I like that.  No time for reading? Then watch kind of a shortcut to it on \\"Food Inc\\".  Buen provecho!
B0033AX26I|3.0|I bought the CD with great expectations based on comments I heard from friends and family back home in Ireland. The subject of the album, the \\"Battalion of St. Patrick\\" is near and dear to my heart. Indeed, in my book \\"[[ASIN:0984522700 Driving Straight on Crooked Lines: How an Irishman found his heart and nearly lost his mind]],\\" I tell of the influence this gallant band of Irishmen had on me during the many years I lived in Mexico. Believe it or not, many moons ago, I met the Irish movie star of \\"The Quiet Man\\" fame, Maureen O'Hara in the seaside resort of Acapulco. Way back then she was pushing for a movie to be made about this incredible story of Irish soldiers who changed sides in the Texan-Mexican war. As always, I love the sheer musical ability of the Chieftains, and I especially enjoyed the combination of a pipe-band with Mexican melodies on two of the tracks. Although I would describe my taste in Mexican folk music to be fairly sophisticated and well-informed, I didn't really enjoy the majority of the Mexican songs selected. Don't get me wrong - they are not bad or hard on the ears. It's just that I don't think they do justice to the richness of Mexican folk music. I'm not sure that the San Patricios themselves would have listen to these particular melodies for very long. They, I think, would have zeroed in on melodies and styles more akin to their native Irish music.
032147404X|2.0|At first blush Scott Kelby's \\"The Digital Photography Book\\" is a useful series.      Kelby's writing is concise and engaging.  I personally don't find Kelby's humorous asides off-putting as do some other reviewers.  The occasional humorous remarks do support the overall message of each topic rather than being humor just for the sake of humor.    Kelby offers an extensive collection of photography tips.  His subject matter is wide-ranging, covering gear, workflow, and many different genres of photography (e.g. portrait, sports, wedding, landscape, macro, ...).    If you're just getting started in photography, the series may give you some insight into the possibilities.  If you've been working (or playing) as a photographer for a while, you may find that some of the one-page topics stimulates a new avenue of exploration.    But here's my problem with the series.  All photography books have a shelf life.  The latest gear becomes quickly obsolete.  Processes and workflows evolve with the technological base - granted not as quickly as next month's gear, but the landscape does change with overall movement in the technology of photography.  Every photographic writer, unless presenting what is mainly a discussion of their portfolio in book form, must decide how to best manage the shelf life of their books.  This is where Kelby, I think, has made some poor choices.    Each topic reads like a magazine article.  It's short, to the point, and contains a nugget or two of information that will be useful to some reader.  As I noted above, I see this as a benefit rather than a liability.  However, some of Kelby's topics don't yield to the one-page treatment.  Rather than giving these topics the extra space they need, Kelby rigorously adheres to the one-page treatment.  (There are exceptions in which Kelby places footnotes for the previous topic on a facing page, but these are rare.)  Much more often, the reader is directed to a web site for additional information.  Often the web site is Kelby's own.  Less often it's a commercial site or a well-known photography site.    Referring to external content has two distinct disadvantages.  First, the book is no longer self-contained.  Under this format, many articles are teasers for the real meat of the topic.  In other words, you probably won't want to read this book unless you have your computer handy.  Second, links to web pages tend to evaporate over time.  Few sites preserve the behavior of old links when they restructure.  Some sites don't preserve older content for long periods.  Once in a while a site simply vanishes forever.  In other words, the value of Kelby's series will decrease over time as the external references become obsolete.    Kelby and his publisher (Peachpit Press) could of course update those links and publish a revised edition.  An edition that'll cost you more money and put you right back on the treadmill of planned obsolescence.  Think about that before you decide to spend your hard-earned money on this series.    If the planned obsolescence angle isn't cynical enough, you should be aware that each volume includes several pages of advertising.    At first blush Scott Kelby's \\"The Digital Photography Book\\" is a useful series.  Upon closer examination, I'd advise that your money is better spent elsewhere.
0385340990|5.0|This is a wonderful book because the authors describe real, believable characters, and their relationships to each other with a well-honed sense of humor. When I first came upon this book, I was working on my memoir \\"[[ASIN:0984522700 Driving Straight on Crooked Lines: How an Irishman found his heart and nearly lost his mind]]\\" I was grappling with the concept of jumping backwards and forwards in time as I remembered my stories and I wondered if a non-linear approach would prove to be confusing for readers. This book helped me make up my mind! The complex characters seem like they are going to be hard to keep up with - however, that proved to be an illusion. It was an easy, page-turning read with much to say about love and friendship. I've never been to Guernsey but much of what I read reminded me of my native Ireland. The authors do a great job recounting tales of love and friendship after the second world war.
B00275EGWY|1.0|To the point: As i was watching this film...i was forgetting it. I have seen much better war films and this one doesn't even come CLOSE to even being on the radar. Shame on the Oscars for letting this film even be nominated for best picture. What a waste of time.
B0026P3G12|4.0|I bought this CD for my wife in the midst of the \\"You Tube\\" craze for Susan. At the time, I was starting to write my memoirs called \\"[[ASIN:0984522700 Driving Straight on Crooked Lines: How an Irishman found his heart and nearly lost his mind]]\\" I was quite inspired by my fellow Celt's (albeit Scottish) story and achievement. The album title \\"I dreamed a dream\\" was perfect! I too was dreaming dreams. Technically, Susan's album is probably open to criticism by connoisseurs more knowledgeable than me. However,I thoroughly enjoyed every song on the album. Her soaring voice and humble presence makes for a powerful combination. We haven't taken the album out of the car CD player since!
B002MJV75O|4.0|this is the full 6 Season of the show. the package is well designed, just one little detail: the disks comes protected by a piece of paper and sometimes the glue add to it and the paper breaks. everything else is so good,
0007247095|5.0|This has to be one of the best books that I've read in a long time. It really makes you think about war and how it affects us. And how we need to stop children form becoming soldiers.
0767812166|5.0|Starman is the best, felt the same as when I saw Avatar, a beautiful love story, action and also makes you ashamed to be human.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I love Jillian Michaels 30 Day Shred! The workout is intense and does the job. I am on level 2 right now and I can see results! Best work out dvd ever!
B0037N6YDY|4.0|This is the 10th episode in the HBO adaptation of the popular Sookie Stackhouse vampire novels (the first episode is [[ASIN:B0037MNKDC Strange Love]], see my review there for the content description).<br /><br />An interesting episode that has Sam in a bad position with Sookie after keeping watch over her while Bill subjected himself to the justice system of the vamps. Sam's secret does not sit well with Sookie and she wonders about Tara's reaction (since Sam and Tara have off again on again relationship). Tara has a revelation of her own that makes her mother's turnaround more puzzling as well as having to deal with the likely wasting of the money she spent in the last episode. Amy and Jason continue to work their new source of \\"V\\", but they do have their differences.<br /><br />This series is not for everyone and definitely not for younger viewers!<br /><br />CFH
B002RKSZN0|3.0|the name of the book is what caught my eye because my last name is Mansfield and was happy to find out it was a pretty good book :)
B0001WGDX0|2.0|I have been listening to the Beethoven symphonies for 50 years.  More than any other symphonic output, or for that matter, any other genre of classical music, they are central to the core of classical music.  Perhaps if I had listened to this set earlier in life, I might feel differently about it.  But to it so recently, I just can't summon any enthusiasm for it.  I find it bloated and pretentious.  Both Bernstein and the Vienna deserve better than this and, together, they owe us better.      No one summoned more majesty for Beethoven than Bruno Walter with his pick up band.  And then there is George Szell's classic cycle, perhaps the best ever to capture the heart and soul of the music.   For modernists, ther is Sir Charles Mackerras in live recordings with the Scottish Chamber Orchestra/ Philharmonia Orchestra.  Norrington and the London Classical Players is very good.  Finally thre is a young, vital Bernstein with the NY Philharmonic.    Please check some these out.
0143171119|5.0|\\"The Spy Who Came in From the Cold,\\" (1963) was  the third book by British author John LeCarre,the pen name of Englishman David Cornwell, a prolific, much-honored, best-selling author of spy novels. During the 1950s and early 1960s, he had worked for the British Secret Services: MI5 , which deals with domestic British matters; and MI6, which deals with international espionage. He then began writing under the pseudonym \\"John LeCarr&eacute;,\\" (French for \\"John the Square\\") as employees of those agencies were not permitted to publish books about their employment.  \\"Spy,\\" was an international best-seller that enabled him to quit his day job; it remains his best known work to date, and he has said that \\"The Spy,\\" is his favorite among his works. He's also well-known for [[ASIN:B00150B2SS Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy]]; and [[ASIN:B001OW5N0K Smiley's People]].<br /><br />Throughout his early career, the author was mentored by Graham Greene, another Englishman of long life and long writing career, who was also able to call upon his personal experience of the espionage trade in writing his many successful spy novels. But Greene was also great friends with the notorious Kim Philby, a double agent, and defend him throughout their lives.  Greene, in fact, is often quoted as having once said that if ever he had to choose between his country and his friend, he hoped he would have the courage to choose his friend. Philby was a high-ranking member of British intelligence who was a spy for, and later defected to, the Soviet Union.  And, before his 1963 exposure and defection, Philby had exposed LeCarre, who was then, as Cornwell, stationed in Bonn, behind the Berlin Wall/Iron Curtain.  LeCarre was able to get out in time, but it was a close call; and his career in the field was over.  He was lucky that \\"The Spy,\\" took off just then.<br /><br />The book gives us an encyclopedic look at the wintry U.K. at the time, and the freezing, divided Germany. The divided city of Berlin, which the author has called a spy's paradise, and its infamous, menacing wall, separating west from east, that's virtually the star of the book.  \\"Spy\\" concerns Alec Leamas , returned to London and MI6, the Secret Service, after failing in his last German mission. Control offers him a desk job, but Leamas prefers to go back into the field. So Leamas must first seem to sink into alcoholism, violence and debauchery and get himself in trouble with the law.  And, after his short jail sentence, he takes a job from the Labour Board, given him by a civil servant he seems to recognize from the spy biz, in an odd little backwater library. There he meets and hooks up with Nan Perry, assistant librarian, a naïve Communist camp follower.  He's done all this in an effort to attract the attention of the opposite side, and that he does. He's soon back in Germany; his actual, secret mission, to protect an --unknown to him --British counterspy.  And, somehow, Nan is also there.  LeCarre's most famous character creation, George Smiley, who had appeared in the writer's two earliest books as a detective of sorts, finally appears in \\"Spy\\" as a high-ranking officer of MI6.<br /><br />The book that runs a swift and vivid 250 pages, is an accurate snapshot of a particularly significant place at a particularly portentious time, and, though it's surely a downer, is likely to stand quite a while yet. It's already outlived that hated, menacing Berlin Wall.<br /><br />Throughout LeCarre's long career, his grounding in the actual day to day business of spying has been one of his greatest strengths, but he is also an excellent, terse and witty writer, skilled in plotting, writing narrative, description, and dialog.  He has the knack, which you can see in \\"The Spy,\\" of being able to both open and close his narratives with riveting set pieces.  In this book, the writer opens with his protagonist Leamas anxiously awaiting the crossing by an agent of his of the  Berlin Wall; he closes with Leamas himselftrying to cross the (now, mercifully, long-gone) wall.  Mind you, the writer has often worked in the German-speaking world, and has set many of his books there: he is evidently comfortable with the language.<br /><br />The spy novels of John LeCarr&eacute; are an unglamorous response to the James Bond thriller genre established by Ian Fleming in the mid nineteen-fifties.  LeCarre's cold war work shows men who are not heroic,who know the amorality of their work. They have few grand action thriller moments, few sexy gadgets, and practice only the violence necessary to move the plot -- the dramatic conflicts are character driven.  LeCarre's characters lack the moral certainty of Fleming's British Secret Service adventurers; his spy stories are morally complex.  They show the reader the weaknesses of the Western democracies and the secret services protecting them, and often imply the moral equivalence of east and west.  \\"New Yorker\\" writer Malcolm Gladwell has written that he rereads \\"The Spy\\" every three years, and discovers new riches within. \\"The Spy,\\" written while LeCarre was actually in residence in then-contemporary Germany, went far in establishing him as the greatest literary spymeister of the age.  It may be time for you, too, to reread this book.ly, long-gone) wall.  Mind you, the writer has often worked in the German-speaking world, and has set many of his books there: he is evidently comfortable with the language.     The spy novels of John LeCarré are an unglamorous response to the James Bond thriller genre established by Ian Fleming in the mid nineteen-fifties.    LeCarre's cold war work shows men who are not heroic,who know the amorality of their work. They have few grand action thriller moments, few sexy gadgets, and practice only the violence necessary to move the plot -- the dramatic conflicts are character driven.  LeCarre's characters lack the moral certainty of Fleming's British Secret Service adventurers; his spy stories are morally complex.  They show the reader the weaknesses of the Western democracies and the secret services protecting them, and often imply the moral equivalence of east and west.  \\"New Yorker\\" writer Malcolm Gladwell has written that he rereads \\"The Spy\\" every three years, and discovers new riches within. \\"The Spy,\\" written while LeCarre was actually in residence in then-contemporary Germany, went far in establishing him as the greatest literary spymeister of the age.  It may be time for you, too, to reread this book.
B003405MF6|5.0|He'd probably hate my putting it this way, but this album reflects not only the artist's ever-present boldness and creativity, but his maturity is also manifested in the variety of tracks and in the arrangements. Where else would one find \\"I Put A Spell On You\\" and \\"Nessun Dorma\\" on the same CD?
B002ZG983M|5.0|Just like the rest of you, I went into the theater knowing not a whole lot about this movie. I thought it would be lame, cheesy, corny, *insert adjective here*. But, I was DEAD wrong to say the least. Kick-Ass combines action, comedy, and emotion, all at the right times. The movie flows well mainly because the cast jives so well together. I have yet to come out of a movie theater so pumped and wanting more than after I came out of Kick-ass<br /><br />Aaron Johnson (Kick-Ass)- I didn't realize he was a British actor until I heard a voice clip from an interview. You sure can't tell from the movie. He plays a great nerdy type kid. But what separates him from actors like Michael Cera is that he actually grew some balls and decided to stand up to crime. He does a great job as the lead actor in the first half of the movie, but quickly gets overshadowed by young dynamo, Chloe Moretz<br /><br />Nicholas Cage (Big Daddy)- In my eyes, he redeemed himself for movies like Ghost Rider and Knowing. He was amazing. His character was totally believable and I sure enjoyed his Adam West mannerisms. He also did his fair share of ass kicking. His relationship with his daughter, Hit-Girl, brought hilarity and the emotion that I mentioned earlier to this movie.<br /><br />Lyndsey Fonseca (Katie Deauxma)- Hadn't seen her in a movie before. She is very beautiful and will be looking forward to seeing her in the sequel.<br /><br />Chris Mintz-Plasse (Red Mist)- As much as I don't want to say it, Chris is out growing his McLovin' character. He, like Kick-Ass, plays a slightly awkward superhero with no powers. He fills his part well and has plenty of laugh out loud lines.<br /><br />And, the best for last:<br /><br />Chloe Moretz (Hit-Girl)- I honestly don't even know where to start with this girl. I would say she gives the performance of her life, but she was only 11 at the time of filming. She underwent 6 months of combat, acrobatic, and weapons training for her role as Hit-Girl in this movie. It paid off big time. Chloe does all her own stunts (minus 2) in the movie, which is insane. She is foul mouthed and bloodthirsty, but also has her kid moments. I don't understand the controversy with her character. She is very mature and thus should be able to do more mature roles. If you're not planning on seeing this movie, rethink, mainly because of this girl right here. She is incredible and will no doubt be the new Angelina Jolie when her time comes.<br /><br />Overall, great movie. Great cast, great fight choreography, great soundtrack, and a great setup for a sequel! (Which has been announced)<br /><br />See this movie, and then tell all your friends! It's totally worth the 2 hours of your time.stunts (minus 2) in the movie, which is insane. She is foul mouthed and bloodthirsty, but also has her kid moments. I don't understand the controversy with her character. She is very mature and thus should be able to do more mature roles. If you're not planning on seeing this movie, rethink, mainly because of this girl right here. She is incredible and will no doubt be the new Angelina Jolie when her time comes.     Overall, great movie. Great cast, great fight choreography, great soundtrack, and a great setup for a sequel! (Which has been announced)    See this movie, and then tell all your friends! It's totally worth the 2 hours of your time.
0880796863|4.0|There were a few comments here about the cards being too rough and more of interest to those interested in the history then in the art. That is true. The style is art nouveau here more then in the newer decks. Some of the newer art looks like the worst sort of shallow New Age-y stuff. On the other hand some of them are gorgeous. If you go for the simplest version this is probably it. It promises there will be no odd variation and it is beautiful in a certain way. On the other hand rivers and other details do not show up, there is colour run-through, and the colours themselves are a bit odd. The back is not gorgeous.    Good shipping time, got it before I expected to. Little book is very nice and I like the box.
B000001F29|5.0|Just my taste (I am no critic), but this is one of my all-times favorites. Excellent combination of the vocals of Jon (from Yes) and the electronic background by Vangelis.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Having purchased the movie in Blu-ray, I could hardly wait to get home to view it.  Saw the movie at the theater in 3d.  Was pleasantly surprised when my blu-ray version came very close to 3d.  All I can say is that should become a classic.
B000002KKK|5.0|So, Fight to the Death and give no Quarter!!!  I am not an \\"U\\" ber fan of ZZ Top, although I am a \\"Blues\\" lover and I have always enjoyed ZZ Top and have a few of their albums.  In 1972 when I was but a young teenager I was just about going to learn the difference between music and blues.  I had just discovered The Allman Brothers and thought to myself that there is more to music than say Alice Cooper.  I use Alice because he is the guy whom I saw several times at this seminal point in my life.    In 1972 I was all over the concert thing.  It was David Bowie, Alice Copper, Jethro Tull, Yes, Edgar Winter and of course Johnny Winter.  I went to every concert at the Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto that I could get to.    I am pretty sure that it was 1972 and I was going to see Alice Cooper for the umteenth time, I was smokin\\" more than just cigarettes at the show so my memory is just a little foogy as to the year.  Z Z Top was touring and promoting Rio Grande Mud as best as I remember.  They opened up for Alice this night.  I was blown away to say the least.  I give you this story because they were boo'ed off the stage for Alice.  Can you imagine, Toronto crowds???  I couldn't say much because the gang I was with were doing much of the booing.  I fell in love with the blues and always remember Z Z Top that night.  That night combined with discovering the Allman Brothers and having seen Johnny Winter at the Gardens sealed my fate as fare as the blues go.  Anyway, Deguello, in my mind is one of the greatest all time current \\"Blues\\" releases for all the obvious reasons.  I am not an audio file guy, I can't pick apart all the crazy mistakes and bad recordings etc.  To listen to this is a joy.  I missed work in 1979 on too many fridays because all I wanted to do was listen to Deguello, all day long, and fill my apartment with smoke. It is a top 10 for sure. Enjoy!!!!!!
0307454541|3.0|This was recommended by a friend....I had a difficult time getting hooked initially but once it got going it was fairly compelling. Sadly the sadism and animal abuse really ruined it for me. Blechh.
0307594777|4.0|Authors who are only published posthumously rarely get the attention they deserve', or any attention at all. Fortunately, such is not the case with the late Stieg Larsson's bestselling Millennium trilogy -- it starts off slow, and soon winds itself into a tight knot of tautly-written thriller and mystery elements. It's raw, bleak, intensely disturbing noir.<br /><br />In \\"The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo,\\" take-no-prisoners journalist Mikael Blomkvist has just lost his reputation, his savings and his freedom (hello, jail sentence!) after a nasty libel suit from an executive named Wennerstr&ouml;m.<br /><br />Then he's unexpectedly contacted by aged industrialist Henrik Vanger, to discover what happened to the guy's grandniece. He's offering evidence on Wennerstr&ouml;m, so Mikael has no choice but to accept -- and as he investigates the sinister Vanger family, he joins forces with Lisbeth Salander, an eccentric, abused computer hacker. And as Mikael unearths the clues to Harriet's disappearance, he also finds some skeletons long kept buried.<br /><br />\\"The Girl Who Played With Fire\\" finds Mikael investigating sex trafficking in his own country, and young girls who are sold into it. Unknown to him, Lisbeth is keeping very close tabs on his work -- especially since she was abused as a child, and now plots revenge on the sex traffickers. But when she's accused of murder and ends up on the run, Mikael must discover what lies at the core of these crimes...<br /><br />And finally, \\"The Girl Who Kicked The Hornets' Nest\\" takes place directly after the second book. Lisbeth has been shot in the head, her malevolent father Zalachenko is in the same hospital claiming that she tried to kill him, and some nasty government forces want her locked away, as she was as a child. Her only hope lies in Mikael, who must unravel a government conspiracy formed around the young hacker...<br /><br />Larsson's books are a unique blend of old and new -- he takes the usual mystery/thriller tropes (locked room mystery, government conspiracies) and enfolds it in a ruthless, blistering look at modern Swedish society and sexual aggression. It's a dark, dangerous, unfair world where the truth is quashed, powerful forces conspire against individuals, and women are treated horribly -- usually shown via the eccentric, punky \\"girl with the dragon tattoo.\\"<br /><br />His prose is rather bleak and often quite gritty, and a certain brand of understated passion shines through -- the kind that feels the need to express itself even though it takes place in fiction. And while most of the first book focuses in Mikael, in the second and third Larssen's style splits in half -- one half is the more staid, ordinary perspective of Mikael and others, and the other half is the wild nihilism of Lisbeth (\\"If death was the black emptiness from which she had just woken up, then death was nothing to worry about. She would hardly notice the difference\\").<br /><br />Mikael and Salander make an intriguing odd couple. He starts world-weary and demoralized that he seems to care about nothing, but regains his passion for the truth; the only downside is that he's a bit Marty Stuish, since all women seem to adore him. And Salander is a mass of hurts and quirks -- she's a vibrant, wild genius who lashes out at those who hurt women, and has been constantly tortured by those around her since childhood (even as an adult, she's forced to have a legal guardian).<br /><br />Take your average thriller/mysteries, smother them in disillusioned, morally-bankrupt noir... and you'll have something like the Millennium Trilogy. A hard read, but worth the journey.acies) and enfolds it in a ruthless, blistering look at modern Swedish society and sexual aggression. It's a dark, dangerous, unfair world where the truth is quashed, powerful forces conspire against individuals, and women are treated horribly -- usually shown via the eccentric, punky \\"girl with the dragon tattoo.\\"     His prose is rather bleak and often quite gritty, and a certain brand of understated passion shines through -- the kind that feels the need to express itself even though it takes place in fiction. And while most of the first book focuses in Mikael, in the second and third Larssen's style splits in half -- one half is the more staid, ordinary perspective of Mikael and others, and the other half is the wild nihilism of Lisbeth (\\"If death was the black emptiness from which she had just woken up, then death was nothing to worry about. She would hardly notice the difference\\").     Mikael and Salander make an intriguing odd couple. He starts world-weary and demoralized that he seems to care about nothing, but regains his passion for the truth; the only downside is that he's a bit Marty Stuish, since all women seem to adore him. And Salander is a mass of hurts and quirks -- she's a vibrant, wild genius who lashes out at those who hurt women, and has been constantly tortured by those around her since childhood (even as an adult, she's forced to have a legal guardian).     Take your average thriller/mysteries, smother them in disillusioned, morally-bankrupt noir... and you'll have something like the Millennium Trilogy. A hard read, but worth the journey.
0307388921|5.0|Packed with the raw intensity that Palahniuk always manages to deliver, Choke delves into the search for self identity that every human being experiences in the most colorful of ways. Touching on lurid details of issues with intimacy, possibly stemming from a whole basket of 'mommy issues,' Choke reminds the reader of the nasty, fallen-in-the-gutter-drunk side of this American dream of ours.     (The reviewer was compensated for posting this review.  However, the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone. Further, the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor, Amazon or the review requester.)
B002SG8A56|5.0|Jermaine and Bret are a pair of New Zealand musicians, living in New York City and hoping to hit it big. Yeah, \\"Flight of the Conchords: The Complete Collection\\" sounds like a terrible generic sitcom, but instead this series is one of the most hilarious comedies of the last decade -- a quirky, weird, tongue-in-cheek little show with hilarious dialogue. Think a musical version of \\"The Office.\\"<br /><br />Folk-pop group Flight of the Conchords is Jermaine Clement and Bret McKenzie (played by themselves), who came all the way from New Zealand to New York. They are being managed by the ineffectual New Zealand Consulate official Murray (Rhys Darby), and they have exactly one fan/stalker, Mel (Kristen Schaal). They don't have many gigs, and even fewer successful ones.<br /><br />As they chase elusive fame'n'fortune, the guys have to deal with girlfriend woes (dating the same girl, a \\"Yoko\\", a girl who just wants to use Bret for sex), financial difficulties (Bret bought a cup!), jobs, muggings, anti-Kiwi racism, a problematic rock'n'roll tour, two new fans with impure intentions, a semi-professional actor/compulsive liar who makes Murray think they've got a multimillion-dollar deal, the Crazy Doggz, Australians, epileptic terriers, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, hair gel, and a stage musical based on their misadventures.<br /><br />If I had to come up with a description for \\"Flight of the Conchords,\\" it would be that they're the folky New Zealand love child of Spinal Tap and \\"The Office.\\" No laugh track, rambling dialogue, and the main characters tend to spontaneously break into song-and-dance at pivotal parts of the plot. And it's brilliant.<br /><br />The writing is brimming over with effortless weirdness, as the guys encounter everyday problems (threesomes, girlfriend woes, weird dreams) which soon turn into hilariously surreal situations (the disturbing children's show, \\"Albi the Racist Dragon\\"). The dialogue is amazing (\\"When I first met you you tried to have me deported from New Zealand because you thought I was an Australian\\"), and full of rambling conversations that just get stranger with every line (\\"Have you ever had a threesome?\\" \\"Nearly.\\" \\"What do you mean, nearly?\\" \\"I've had a twosome\\").<br /><br />The songs are gutsplitting as well, since they're all about homicidal robots, mermaids, toothpaste, hip-hop spoofs, hermaphrodites (\\"Oh you sexy hermaphrodite lady-man-ladies\\"), rappers, cannibalism, and the hiphop-potamus. Not to mention \\"Frodo, Don't Wear the Ring\\" and its accompanying music video, which are a nod to McKenzie's role as the elf Figwit.<br /><br />But none of this would be even half as funny if it weren't for the actors -- Clement's self-named chatacter is stoic and kind of weird (he writes a song about putting a wig on Bret), while McKenzie's is more childlike, naive and likes to sit in a cardboard box. Darby rounds out the cast as their harried, rather pathetic manager (who isn't even supposed to be managing a band), and Schaal is also quite funny as a woman who has a creepy sexual fixation on the guys.<br /><br />This edition also comes with the \\"Distant Future\\" EP, which is a nice addition if not a full soundtrack -- it has the hilariously faux-seductive \\"Business Time,\\" the equally hysterical \\"If You're Into It\\" (\\"Is that what you're into/him and you, in the nude?\\"), the sad \\"Not Crying,\\" and live versions of \\"The Most Beautiful Girl in the Room\\", \\"Banter,\\" and \\"Robots.\\"<br /><br />\\"Flight of the Conchords: The Complete Series\\" is one of the rarest kind of comedy out there -- steady, hysterical, and only gets better with repeated viewings. And boy, are you sorry when it's over.ause you thought I was an Australian\\"), and full of rambling conversations that just get stranger with every line (\\"Have you ever had a threesome?\\" \\"Nearly.\\" \\"What do you mean, nearly?\\" \\"I've had a twosome\\").     The songs are gutsplitting as well, since they're all about homicidal robots, mermaids, toothpaste, hip-hop spoofs, hermaphrodites (\\"Oh you sexy hermaphrodite lady-man-ladies\\"), rappers, cannibalism, and the hiphop-potamus. Not to mention \\"Frodo, Don't Wear the Ring\\" and its accompanying music video, which are a nod to McKenzie's role as the elf Figwit.     But none of this would be even half as funny if it weren't for the actors -- Clement's self-named chatacter is stoic and kind of weird (he writes a song about putting a wig on Bret), while McKenzie's is more childlike, naive and likes to sit in a cardboard box. Darby rounds out the cast as their harried, rather pathetic manager (who isn't even supposed to be managing a band), and Schaal is also quite funny as a woman who has a creepy sexual fixation on the guys.     This edition also comes with the \\"Distant Future\\" EP, which is a nice addition if not a full soundtrack -- it has the hilariously faux-seductive \\"Business Time,\\" the equally hysterical \\"If You're Into It\\" (\\"Is that what you're into/him and you, in the nude?\\"), the sad \\"Not Crying,\\" and live versions of \\"The Most Beautiful Girl in the Room\\", \\"Banter,\\" and \\"Robots.\\"    \\"Flight of the Conchords: The Complete Series\\" is one of the rarest kind of comedy out there -- steady, hysterical, and only gets better with repeated viewings. And boy, are you sorry when it's over.
0143038419|2.0|I'll admit I did not get a chance to read all of the posted reviews so I apologize in advance for any repetitions. This wasn't my favorite book by far, but I appreciate how hard it is to write ANYTHING so I don't want to knock it too bad, but I wanted to recommend another travel story about India. The book is called \\"Holy Cow: an Indian adventure\\" by Sarah Macdonald. Macdonald gives a unique account of her travels to this wonderful, but very un-western destination. I was blessed enough to visit India myself, and Holy Cow just felt truer, (although still way out there), to the experience of visiting India. Hope this helps!     [[ASIN:0767915747 Holy Cow: An Indian Adventure]]
B002WY65UQ|5.0|I watched this twice, with my 13 and 16 year old boy. We loved it. I initial rented it at blockbuster, but am buying my own copy. And probably will by book and music too. Very clever, Very funny, every girl brings something to the movie. A must see!
0307473708|5.0|I love the series, and I now love the book.  I finished the first one in the series and truly enjoyed the journey.  The book and the series are similar through the first half of the book, but they take two different courses half way through.  From what I hear, the rest of the books are different from the show.  That means twice the Dexter to enjoy.  Check out the books, and you will not be disappointed.
B002RSDW80|5.0|I absolutely loved the movie. I watched the movie knowing nothing about Julia Child beforehand and never hearing of Julie Powell. The Ending Result: I loved both of their stories!! Not only is this movie a true life story about both Julia Child and Julie Powell, but it is also a very interesting story that left me wanting to go cook up some of Julia Child's recipes after the movie! Both women's stories are heartfelt and very down to earth. I truly enjoyed the movie and I believe most people will as well! You don't have to enjoy cooking to appreciate the movie. Enjoy!
B003MDDGTE|4.0|This album was definitely one of the most anticipated albums for my music library this year so far. I am happy to say that I am not disappointed.   This really is a solid album. I have to admit, I have only listened to it a few times, but with every listen I like it more and more.  I gave this album 4 stars because it, for me, is not as good as 'Antidotes.' It is more, for lack of a better way to put it \\"chill\\" than 'Antidotes.' But that doesn't mean that the talent isn't there. Because it definitely is. It is just styled a little differently.    Standout tracks for me were: \\"Miami,\\" \\"This Orient,\\" and \\"2 Trees.\\" (Again, this is just my opinion, and it could change with a few more listens.)    All in all, I really do enjoy this album, and it's a solid sophomore release.
B001GF1XN6|5.0|I love this movie. I don't care what anybody says. It's one of the only ones I can watch all the way through without skipping anything.
1591841984|5.0|Book Review<br /> Insides Steve's Brain<br /><br />The book Insides Steve's Brain written by Leander Kahney is a must read for people in the technology space, plus it is very inspiring. Being a Ph.D. in Innovation Management, I extracted many useful stories, behaviors, and practices which could help businesses be more innovative. One of the major lessons though is having a leader/CEO that has the guts and the correct vision to bring a company into the future. In technology development you really cannot afford to be wrong to many times and Steve Job only really messed up twice. If you're going to make big bets as a company it pays to have a visionary with an intuitive sense of what will sell and what will not.<br /><br /> Another interesting insight is that the personal attributes of Steve Jobs' 1) desire to be the best in what he does, 2) need to break the mold, and 3) create products that work perfectly for customers was more in tune with a mature computer industry than the beginning computer industry. The IBM and Microsoft's which pushed cost and filling the market with useable /(imperfect) solution was perfect for a growing computer industry. But in a mature industry computer users looked for elegant user-friendly solutions and were willing to pay more for these the rest of the computer industry was moving towards a model of competing on price.<br /><br />Behaviors --------- Fanatical attention to details, un-willingness to settle for good enough, pushing people harder than they would themselves.<br />People --------- He surrounded himself with the best people and he could afford them because of his company could afford them<br />Marketing --------- His attention on inventing, then executing via operation and marketing was fanatical.<br />Process, --------- prototype, iterate, experiment, and do them again till your super satisfied<br />Business model--------- Products are not the only place to innovate, picking the ideal business model to sell your product or service is a major part of the battle!<br />Selling--------- Be persuasive and passionate about what you do, do not hide your passion show it!<br />Vision--------- If you have a vision pursuit it with passion and tons of energy, just make sure your vision is feasible (Steve had a knack for being always right)<br />Problem solving --------- Never accept \\"no\\" or we cannot \\"do it\\" as an answer, that was a common answer during the middle ages, but if you want to work in the 20th century figure out a way and fast!<br />Commitment ----------- Making a dent in the technology sectors require a tremendous commitment to getting it done, doing things half asses does not cut it in highly competitive industries, i.e. commit and do it or die<br />Burn the boat/bridge back ------------ If you put your company on the line with your bets your employees will work to get it done or die trying (a fully committed company helps success!<br />Focus -------- Even Apple has limits, and focusing on a few things will help quality and execution, hedging your bets with a large portfolio creates a mediocre results<br /><br />Innovation Strategies and Manager<br />Ph.D. in Innovation Management from Purdue University<br />My Visual CV<br />[...]le!  Selling--------- Be persuasive and passionate about what you do, do not hide your passion show it!   Vision--------- If you have a vision pursuit it with passion and tons of energy, just make sure your vision is feasible (Steve had a knack for being always right)   Problem solving --------- Never accept \\"no\\" or we cannot \\"do it\\" as an answer, that was a common answer during the middle ages, but if you want to work in the 20th century figure out a way and fast!   Commitment ----------- Making a dent in the technology sectors require a tremendous commitment to getting it done, doing things half asses does not cut it in highly competitive industries, i.e. commit and do it or die  Burn the boat/bridge back ------------ If you put your company on the line with your bets your employees will work to get it done or die trying (a fully committed company helps success!  Focus -------- Even Apple has limits, and focusing on a few things will help quality and execution, hedging your bets with a large portfolio creates a mediocre results       Innovation Strategies and Manager   Ph.D. in Innovation Management from Purdue University  My Visual CV   [...]
B002ZCDR88|5.0|What Ms Merchant has accomplished here is absolutely mind boggling. She has set obscure children's poems to music, each entirely different, and totally appropriate to the piece. Be it lush, or bouncy, or soaring, she is always true to her source material, yet totally successful at reinventing each poem as an infectious, ADULT art/pop song. If that were not enough, nearly every piece contains a hook in the melody line which which will grab you and stick in that corner of your brain reserved for your own personal all time favorite standards. Did I mention that her voice is at its most glorious, subtly changing on every track? This is the first album to qualify for my \\"Desert Island CDs\\" in years.
B000002ADT|5.0|One of the most important jazz albums from what many consider to be the finest period of modern jazz.  The opening number has some fiddling around with bass and piano, unwritten.  Then the quintet swings.  Miles Davis takes the first solo and as usual is melodic but technically without proficiency.  He knows exactly which note to hit but he is no Dizzy Gillespie.  The next solo is by Coltrane, who squeaks recklessly and engagingly into the upper register.  More controlled is Adderley, who, it seems, cannot wait to throw in some fast runs and anticipates a little.  Bill Evans' piano sounds relaxed and pensive compared to the other soloists.  It's Evans' piano that establishes the chord sequence.  The head chord has even lent its name to jazz theory.  (The \\"So What Chord\\", what else?)<br /><br />The other numbers are almost as good.  Like the first track, \\"So What,\\" some of them have no melodies to build improvisations around, just some rhythmic chord changes.<br /><br />There has never been anything like it before or after.  Every note is sound.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I don't care if it doesn't have extra storyline... I loved it in the theater and couldn't wait to see it again.  Great dvd.
B0036EH3U2|5.0|A series I missed in its original production on TV, and which I am glad I revisited in this DVD package.
B000002ULO|5.0|When Sir Paul recorded \\"Flaming Pie\\", he was inspired by the success of \\"The Beatles Anthology\\" & Linda was recovering from her fight with breast cancer(or so we thought)at the time. With all the good news at that time, Paul probably recorded his most happiest CD in his career. He also showed the Brit Pop generation back in the nineties he still got it. \\"The World Tonight\\", \\"Young Boy\\", \\"Calico Skies\\", \\"Beautiful Night\\" & \\"A Great Day\\" are the best tracks on this CD. Jeff Lynne did a better job producing McCartney then he did with George Harrison or The Traveling Wilburys(George Martin co- produced some tracks on this CD as well). If you listen to this CD closely, this CD was for Linda & the love that they share together until her death in 1998. If so, it was a beautiful & rocking 50 minute love letter he shared with the world.
B001I5M9SC|5.0|Simply fantastic,over all picture and sound are a must for any music lover!<br />Only minor complaint was the poor focusing on one of the center cameras which did cause some blurring.<br />Andrea out shined all duets made them seem like amateurs and was fantastic through-out, Sarah Brightman was the only one to hold her own she was simply breath-taking,it's to bad that they performed only one song together.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|Breaking Dawn was to me the best book of the Twilight Saga. The twists and turns literally made me gasp. There were even a few times that I had to put the book down and absorb what had just happened, lol. That may sound a little dramatic, but its the truth. Definitely a must buy!
B003AO1SVS|5.0|Dan and Pat blow us away with what should be considered their 1st break-up album. Simply put, an amazing effort by an amazing band. And they are only 31 which means at least another 20 years of great music with at least one other break-up album to come. Cheers to you Dan & Pat!
B0000C5RQF|5.0|love the performances, I bought this because of Diane Damrau, superb!!, also Pamina, Papageno and Tamino are great!, opera lovers will enjoy it!
0756656230|4.0|I have really enjoyed these books. It is a two book set and one book is all about the mini figures and how they have evolved over there years. See how your favorite little guys have changed over the years. The pictures are big and crisp so you see lots of detail.     The other book is all about the history of lego. See how it has evolved. Also it offers great pictures and lots interesting nuggets of information
B00000739S|4.0|Oh Jim, Sad Song and Satellite of Love, as played here, are three of my fave tracks of all time. The twin guitars on Oh Jim are just incredible. Yes, it's a shame about the sound quality but if, like me, you grew up listening to a scratched second hand vinyl version maybe you're just grateful!
0385341008|5.0|love love love this book. a great 'summer' read, in my opinion -- interesting, easy (but not boring) to get through, and you'll fall in love with the characters.
B000059T5O|5.0|Some Tom Waits fans have panned it because John Hammond isn't Tom Waits.  Were they surprised when they realized this?  John Hammond is a master bluesman who has interpreted the music of others for decades.  This time he takes on the song book of Tom Waits.  And with some amazing results.  Blues of all sorts on this album.  Full band, solo acoustic guitar backing voice.  Gospel, folk, swamp.  Many musicians discuss not only the playing of the notes but the silence and the space between the notes.  I love the \\"space\\" on this album.  What a great album.  Buy it today and pray for another to be released tomorrow.  Thanks John.  Thanks Tom.
1594488916|2.0|The story is an interesting read until it just fades away with no real ending.
0765350386|4.0|I agree with the other positive reviews written, both in pros and cons. Overall it's a must read and very original.    My most-favorite thing about Sanderson's writing is an excellent talent for foreshadowing and surprise. He throws enough detail and hints out there that I'm constantly wondering which will tie together in the future. Then, as I'm distracted with all the possibilities, he throws action and conclusions in there I never saw coming. I'm still wondering if the oddly chipped stone from the first few pages is ever going to reappear. It was probably just a distraction.    My least-favorite thing about his writing is the sometimes over-attributed conversations. Somewhere around the fifth time a dialog includes repetitive 'xyz said', I start to lose my immersion. It might be that he is intentionally targeting a younger audience, and it doesn't happen enough to be horribly distracting (try reading Twilight for example, just a step above 'see jane run'). However, I would enjoy the dialogs more if he used more subtle means to make attribution clear. I mostly just stop reading his attributions during dialog.    Excellent work. I highly recommend it.
B001EO748M|1.0|I made the mistake of buying all 3 series at once, being attracted by the title.  This is misleading:  the series covers only one of the Tudor monarchs - and that only partially.  The series is full of errors:  Henry's sister, Margaret, married neither the king of Portugal OR Charles Brandon (she actually married the King of Scotland);  Wolsey died of natural causes (not by cutting his throat);  I could go on . . .  Thomas Tallis is portrayed as, first a homo- then hetero-sexual (which has no relevance to the plot whatever).  My main complaint is that, despite there being a number of portraits of Henry, so that we all know what he looked like, a handsome, sexy actor has been chosen to appeal to the female viewers who, presumably, would not be as excited to see a real likeness of Henry - getting fatter as he gets older and spending much of his middle age with an ulcerated leg (which smelled).  No one is going to be enamoured with that!  Every episode contains a number of steamy sex scenes, even when these are unnecessary to the plot (dreams, for example).  The costumes are magnificent.  If only the same attention to detail could have been paid to the script (sloppy lines in the first episode include a \\"summit\\" meeting and I'm sure I heard someone say, \\"Ok\\"!).    I'm sorry to conclude that this is aimed mainly at an American audience who have little knowledge of English history.  It illustrates a perfect example of a producer whose only priority is to chase the ratings.
B002ZCY7SW|3.0|I thought Season 8 was a good adrenaline rush.  However I thought that Taylor's attack of conscience at the end was a little bit too contrived.  The thing that I don't understand is why they are releasing Season 8 on 12/07?  Fox would be smarter to release Season 8 DVDs during the Summer, and then The Complete Series on 12/07 to take advantage of the gift giving season That way fans have a choice.  All in all a great series
B0036EH3XE|1.0|\\"The time for questions is over.\\"  I originally thought this tag line, which was used to promote season six in commercials, meant that the big  mysteries of Lost would finally be answered.  I see now that it really meant \\"Hey, stop asking questions!  We don't possess the creative ability to answer them.\\"  I'm not saying that every little detail needed to be thoroughly explained, but I had expected to be left with some kind of cohesive understanding of things.  I expected that the big mysteries would be addressed at a minimum.  Sadly, I was mistaken.  And the few mysteries that were \\"resolved\\" were largely underwhelming and disappointing.  By the way, this will contain spoilers if you haven't seen this season.<br />The first five seasons of Lost were amazing.  They comprise the most fascinating and captivating television that I have ever had the pleasure of watching.  Season six, however, was a gigantic letdown.  After the initial reveal of the Smoke Monster being the Man in Black/Fake Locke, the pace of the show really slowed to a crawl, and in my opinion, it felt like the writers were just killing time with most of the episodes without really advancing the plot much or explaining anything.  But I still tuned in every week and had faith in the show.  Then came the Richard-centric episode \\"Ab Aeterno.\\"  I always found Richard to be one of the most intriguing characters, and his backstory should have been epic.  This was the first episode that made me realize this season was not going to be as fantastic as it could and should be.  I continued watching and continued hoping that the season would be redeemed.  And then I saw \\"Across the Sea.\\"  I don't even know where to begin with this episode.  The writers squandered an enormous opportunity again to explain much of the mythology of Lost.  I felt that the line \\"The more questions I answer will only leave you with more questions.\\" was directed entirely at the audience, and it was a slap in the face because it's tantamount to complete creative laziness.  It was a device used solely to squirm their way out of having to explain anything to us.  And the mystical light at the heart of the island?  I can't think of anything more contrived and Disney-esque.  And sure, we found out how the man In Black became the Smoke Monster.  Well, we saw it happen, anyway.  There really was no explanation to it.  The only reveal approaching a satisfying resolution in that episode was the history behind the Adam and Eve skeletons.  \\"Across the Sea\\" made me nervous and concerned for the resolution of the series, but I kept believing that the finale would wrap up the show nicely, and the series as a whole would stand as a cogent, comprehensible piece of masterful storytelling.  Obviously, I don't think the finale did anything of the sort.<br />I want to take a look at some of the mysteries that were supposedly resolved.<br />The Smoke Monster.  We've been wondering about this thing since the Pilot, and I think the answer they've presented in the series is half an attempt at best.  So what is the Smoke Monster?  Well, he's the Man in Black, or at least, the MIB's consciousness or something.  Ok, great...so what is the Smoke Monster?  I'm not saying I want to know what he's made out of or anything like that, but all we've been presented with is the idea that he's evil incarnate.  And we gather that only from the dialogue of characters who are opposed to the Smoke Monster.  The MIB as portrayed in \\"Across the Sea\\" is not evil; he simply wants to leave the island.  This brings me to another question that was not satisfactorily explained.  Why would it be bad for the MIB to leave the island?  We get vague cryptic responses like \\"hell on earth\\" from Jacob or \\"everything you know and love will cease to be\\" from , I think, Widmore.  Again, this is just information from characters who are enemies of the MIB, so it just seems a little biased.  When a character on Lost makes an assertion, it's hard to tell if they are telling the truth, lying, or just ignorant.<br />The Numbers.  There was so much mystery built up around the numbers.  They were part of the Valenzetti equation.  They won Hurley the lottery and brought him bad luck.  They were printed on the outside of the hatch.  They had to be typed into the computer in the hatch.  And they showed up randomly throughout numerous episodes.  All this mystery was built up, and then they reveal that the numbers were simply designators given to the last few candidates by Jacob.  I thought it was a cool idea at first, expecting them to build upon it somehow and reveal an even greater depth or profoundness to the numbers, but then I realized nope, that's it.  Just random, arbitrary numbers assigned by Jacob.  I thought it was a major letdown.<br />The Black Rock/Broken Statue.  How did a ship end up miles inland in the jungle?  Back towards the end of season one, Arzt suggests that maybe it was a tidal wave.  No, it couldn't be.  That would be too simplistic for a show like Lost.  Wait.  Turns out it was just a tidal wave.  And it must have been one hell of a tidal wave to batter a wooden ship against a stone statue, destroying the statue in the process but leaving the ship relatively in tact, and still have enough force to carry that very same ship miles into the jungle.  Weak and unimaginitive.<br />While those are some incomplete or unsatisfying answers, there were so many fascinating ideas that they completely abandoned altogether.<br />Why couldn't the Others have children on the island?<br />Why was Walt so special?  And then they made it seem that he was too powerful, and the Others were happy to get rid of him with absolutely no explanation.<br />What was the big deal with Aaron being raised by Claire?  They made a big deal out of it in season one, and then the idea just kinda went away.<br />What exactly was the MIB's loophole?  Was it claiming the likeness of a candidate?  If that was it, then why did it take him so long to do it?  He had two thousand years of Jacob bringing candidates to the island and those candidates certainly dying on the island.  You would think he would have gotten around to it sooner.  And also, that's just a stupid loophole.  If Jacob's making the rules, why would he say \\"You can't kill me.  Oh wait, unless you take the form of one of my candidates.  Then you can kill me.\\"  The loophole seems too important not to explain.<br />What exactly were Jacob's rules?  Again, I thought the whole idea of Jacob making up a completely arbitrary set of rules was another way for the writers to be lazy.  \\"Something we don't want to take the time to explain?  Oh, it's just one of Jacob's rules.\\"  And what about moving the island and not being able to return?  Was this another one of Jacob's rules?  If it was, then obviously his rules can be broken as Ben was able to return after moving the island.<br />What was up with the ash?  Why was it able to contain the Smoke Monster?<br />What about all the Egyptian influence?<br />Why did Eloise Hawking seem to know everything, and whose side was she on?<br />Why couldn't Ben kill Widmore off the island but then had no trouble killing him on the island?<br />What was the \\"magic box\\" that Ben used to retrieve Anthony Cooper?<br />I could go on and on, but this is already getting too long.  Essentially, I believe that the writers completely gave up on season six.  They threw up their hands in defeat and decided to ignore several issues and give us simplistic half answers on others instead of meeting the monumental creative challenge of answering most of the questions in the profound and thought-provoking manner that we had come to expect from Lost.  Season six displays the story telling prowess of a little kid.  \\"And then there was this guy, and he had an evil twin, and then he threw him into this light, and then he became a...a...a SMOKE MONSTER!  And the Smoke Monster couldn't leave the island because that would be really bad, and he can't go across ash, and he can't go into the temple if Dogen lives there.  And then...\\"<br />Season six was a colossal disappointment to say the least.  I had it pre-ordered from the moment I knew it was available for pre-order, but I've cancelled my order since seeing the finale.ob bringing candidates to the island and those candidates certainly dying on the island.  You would think he would have gotten around to it sooner.  And also, that's just a stupid loophole.  If Jacob's making the rules, why would he say \\"You can't kill me.  Oh wait, unless you take the form of one of my candidates.  Then you can kill me.\\"  The loophole seems too important not to explain.  What exactly were Jacob's rules?  Again, I thought the whole idea of Jacob making up a completely arbitrary set of rules was another way for the writers to be lazy.  \\"Something we don't want to take the time to explain?  Oh, it's just one of Jacob's rules.\\"  And what about moving the island and not being able to return?  Was this another one of Jacob's rules?  If it was, then obviously his rules can be broken as Ben was able to return after moving the island.  What was up with the ash?  Why was it able to contain the Smoke Monster?  What about all the Egyptian influence?  Why did Eloise Hawking seem to know everything, and whose side was she on?  Why couldn't Ben kill Widmore off the island but then had no trouble killing him on the island?  What was the \\"magic box\\" that Ben used to retrieve Anthony Cooper?  I could go on and on, but this is already getting too long.  Essentially, I believe that the writers completely gave up on season six.  They threw up their hands in defeat and decided to ignore several issues and give us simplistic half answers on others instead of meeting the monumental creative challenge of answering most of the questions in the profound and thought-provoking manner that we had come to expect from Lost.  Season six displays the story telling prowess of a little kid.  \\"And then there was this guy, and he had an evil twin, and then he threw him into this light, and then he became a...a...a SMOKE MONSTER!  And the Smoke Monster couldn't leave the island because that would be really bad, and he can't go across ash, and he can't go into the temple if Dogen lives there.  And then...\\"  Season six was a colossal disappointment to say the least.  I had it pre-ordered from the moment I knew it was available for pre-order, but I've cancelled my order since seeing the finale.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|We loved the movie at the theater, we saw it twice.  We planned to get our own version as soon as it came out.  The DVD we have had a few skips during the playing of it; don't know if this will be a problem later on, as it will be part of our limited best movies from our perspective.
B0036EH3WK|2.0|...says the tagline for the Lost Complete Collection boxset.    NOT. EVEN. CLOSE.    **First off, this is a review of the show from a diehard Lost fan. Do you really want to hear about how thick the cardboard of the box is? How glossy the packaging is? If this is 16:9 or 4:3 aspect ratio? No. You want to know if this show is worth watching, and investing your time in devotion of understanding it.**    Well, read on...    DO NOT buy it if you appreciate shows that have a complete narrative and actually answer the majority of questions and plot lines that arise during the course of the story.    There better be one hell of a \\"special features\\" section that explains everything that the writers and producers purposely decided to leave out of the story. I would probably purchase this if it ever dropped between $80-100 for Blu-ray purely for reasons of nostalgia, but the show's creators perpetrated such a fraud and mind**** on their loyal viewers, that I'm not inclined to put a single penny in their pockets upon release.    The writers and producers are charlatans; flimflam men; the long-conmen of network television for all time.     Engaging, complex characters? Yes. For the most part. But who cares how engaging and interesting the characters are, how sympathetic or antagonist we are of them, or how clever the writing and dialogue is if you have no clue how to end it while satisfying the majority of your viewers, and resolving all of the issues you have created?    Don't write a show in one direction for four/five/six seasons, and then at the last possible moment, flip it 180 degrees to satisfy the common, unintelligent, unimaginative, unscientific, mouth-breathing masses.    To quote another poster from the DarkUFO website on his thoughts regarding the final episode of the series:    \\"A) How \\"The End\\" resolved the characters - 9/10 - it was beautiful, and moving, and I really enjoyed each scene as strangers realized their connection. The closing scenes were touching, ifa bit hammy. [...]    B) How \\"The End\\" resolved the questions about the Island - 0/10 - it was awful, didn't answer anything, added even more questions without a straightforward answer, and was just horribly, horribly unsatisfying.\\"    Right on the money, my friend; which is why I score this series as two stars. The excellence of the other seasons, aside from six and the final episode, cannot detract from the hours of enjoyment and \\"oh, snap!\\" moments I experienced while watching. However, the final episode did so much to damage that legacy, that I cannot in good conscience recommend someone plunk down their hard-earned money on something that has a 50/50-plus chance of being a major disappointment.    Well-perpetrated cop out, Darlton. I'll avoid anything with your names on it like the plague from here on out. And Mr. Abrams, if it doesn't say \\"Star Trek\\" on it, I don't want anything you're peddling either.    Thanks for five relatively competent and imaginative seasons, followed by one steaming pile of one.
B0037W68F4|5.0|The negative reviews of this album including a lackluster evaluation from Rolling Stone got me worried that MGMT blew it on their sophmore release. This is not the case at all! I've only given the album one listen so far but was immediately taken with the brilliant melodicism, adventurous sounds and sophisticated song structures. Each song is unique yet they hang together well as a unified whole. I'm looking forward to many repeated listens!
B00095NX9G|5.0|This is my first experience with a Rachel Brice belly dance class/dvd and I must say that I am quite impressed with her technique and ease of movement.  Serpentine Belly dance is jammed packed with 240 minutes of yoga, technique, choreography and mini lectures that will keep you interested for quite a while.  The classes take place in a studio with Rachel in front of a mirror for the dance sections.  The music for the yoga and technique classes is percussive and it is wonderful.  For a belly dance beginner like myself, rhythmic percussion makes it much easier to follow the accents.  This 2 dvd program is divided as follows:  Disc 1  Welcome  How to practice and suggested schedule  Yoga for belly dance  Leg strengthening drills  Isolation drills  Shimmy drill  Finishing yoga poses    Disc 2  Choreography 1:  An upbeat fun fast paced  dance done to  Hungarian music.  Yoga for backbending  Choreography 2: A slow senuous dance done to beautiful guitar music.  There is also floor work with a  lay back.   Each dance has a performance in full costume, a demo in the studio, step by step and practice loops for each combination.  There are 4 combos for each dance.  Finishing yoga poses  Mini classes: biomechanics of backbending, yogic breathing, arm and footwork patterns; musicality (how to count time, ¼ , ¾, 1/16 notes).  If you don't play an instrument or sing this will be very helpful.  2 performances by Rachel Brice    I have done this dvd 3 times so far.  The first time I did only the yoga on disc 1.  It is a slow paced, easy vinyasa flow of approx. 35 minutes.  I wasn't wowed by this style of yoga.  It is very hard to describe but it seemed to be too linear for me as I was expecting more of a circular, serpentine, dancey yoga ala Shiva Rea.  As such when I did the shimmy section of the dvd, I preceded it with the yoga flow from Shiva Rea's Yoga  trance dance dvd and it felt perfect for belly dancing.    The second time I did the shimmy section and combo 1 from choreography 1. The shimmy section, what can I say?  It looks so simple but I soon realized that there is so much going on.  Who knew how hard it would be to keep your hips moving at one rhythm, your torso at another rhythm and your feet and arms at still another rhythm.  I sweated bullets trying to keep up.  This is like no other workout I have ever experienced AND my stamina petered out ¾ the way through.  Choreography 1 is long in that combo 2 repeats itself several times like a musical refrain.  However it is much easier to learn than Choreography 2.    Rachel is excellent and clear at teaching the choreography.  She counts beats.  Thank you Rachel.  You practice the combo w/ Rachel counting, with Rachel silent, with percussion music and then with the performance music.  You can also practice the combo loops which runs about ? times non-stop.  Each combo loop is its own chapter.   The 3rd time I did the warm-up from the Sera Soltice fundamentals dvd, and all of the drills on this dvd. This time I was able to get through the entire shimmy section.  I didn't quite get the upper body isolations, nor could I get the coordinated movement of keeping the shimmy going, moving the torso and feet all at different rhythms, but practice makes perfect. The instruction was excellent. I was soaking wet afterwards and felt satisfied. I can't wait to try it again.  My only complaint was that she didn't really explain how the shimmy works.  For that Sera Soltice's fundamentals dvd will be helpful.      I did the yoga for backbending one morning thinking that it was a complete yoga practice.  It is not.  It is about 15 minutes long and jumps right into backbending.  The poses include updog/down dog vinyasa; plank to push up vinyasa; locust variation; one legged camel prep; upward facing bow and supine poses.  My biggest complaint about this yoga class is that it did not include full camel and variations; and reclining hero. These two poses would have greatly prepared the dancer for thebelly dance layback in choreography 2.  Why she left them out is a mystery to me.  Not everyone can do upward facing bow but everyone can do some variation of camel or heroes pose.    All in all this an excellent dvd for learning belly dance technique and choreography.  I will do the dance portions of it again and again as I think I am a belly dance convert...maybe.  As for the yoga, I have tons of yoga dvds that are more to my taste.  Get this dvd for the dance workshops as they are fantastic!
0743270754|5.0|a Lincoln biography not just about Lincoln. A great insight into the folks he gathered around him and his ability to meld a group of high strung men, most of whom wanted his job, into the highly efficient team that managed the Civil War. Hard to put down.
1423101472|4.0|I thought this book was a fun and easy read, but found the other four to be a bit more entertaining.  I think a lot of the action might be easier to appreciate in a movie and so I tired of the descriptions quickly.
B0036EH3XE|2.0|wow, so disappointed and what a depressing ending. If I wanted to see the dead walk into the light, I'd watch Ghost Whisperer. And I won't mention that back in year 1 the producers insisted purgatory had nothing to do with this show.    the best moment of the show? Vincent laying next to Jack. I expected a few more happy moments for 2.5 hrs of TV.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|I enjoy watching this movie over and over again.    Just wondering why such nice movie doesn't make it to the theater in my country Singapore.
1400049628|3.0|Being a huge zombie-lover (in that they terrify me like nothing else) it was easy for me to enjoy this book despite its flaws. The flaws were small, but still enough so that I didn't give it the highest rating. I found that Brooks repeated himself a bit too much, and I found that he could have made certain passages a bit funnier, because there were points where I got bored over how serious some sections were. I also got bored with sections that didn't necessarily focus on zombies but in general survival.<br /><br />The last section, \\"Recorded Attacks\\" also did not entertain me that much. Mostly, I think, because I felt that some of the stories (not all, mind you) were too vague for me to feel interested in them.<br /><br />Anyway, it's a quick read, so it won't hurt anyone to invest a little time in it if they want to try it out. Recommended for all zombie-lovers out there.
B002R0F3Q2|4.0|This is a solid but safe release from Alicia Keys \\"The Element Of Freedom\\". The album opens with a capella \\"Element Of Freedom\\" & closing with the song \\"Empire State Of Mind (Part 2) Broken Down\\". This CD has 14 songs in total : 6 solid tracks, 2 good tracks & 5 weak songs. Solid tracks are \\"Doesn't Mean Anything\\", \\"Trying Sleeping With A Broken Heart\\" (my favourite song from this CD & hence the title of my review), \\"Wait Til You See My Smile\\", \\"Love Is My Disease\\",  \\"Distance And Time\\" & \\"How It Feels To Fly\\". Good tracks include \\"That's How Strong My Love Is\\" & \\"Empire State Of Mind (Part 2) Broken Down\\". Weak tracks are \\"Love Is Blind\\", \\"Unthinkable (I'm Ready)\\", \\"Like The Sea\\", \\"Put It In A Love Song\\" (a duet with Beyonce) & \\"This Bed\\". The overall evaluation of this CD \\"The Element Of Freedom\\" is 3,5 that then approximates 4. If you like Alicia Keys'music, you will enjoy this offering. Her famous piano sounds are less prominent on this CD, the album could have been better from this point of view.Despite some weakness here & there, it is nevertheless a good release!
B00005AWMF|5.0|I loved hearing the older great hits from Sade, so many favorites so little time
B00000DRWB|5.0|Iv'e loved this album ever since it was released.I  Finally got it on CD.
B002ZBT84G|4.0|Ok, strip.<br /><br />Strip those expectations and memories of Gil Scott Heron before you even place I'm New Hear in the CD player. This is no Midnight Band. This is no Ron Carter and Bernard Purdie. This is no \\"Lady Day and John Coltrane\\" or \\"Bottle\\" or \\"Possum Slim.\\" This is no [[ASIN:B000005MLZ Pieces of a Man]], no [[ASIN:B000005ZCX Winter in America]], no [[ASIN:B000056VIT It's Your World]].<br /><br />Strip. Gil Scott Heron has: this is a old poet with a modern album, no movement, no revolution, no long ago essays about a world long gone.<br /><br />This is Gil Scott Heron, after jail and by himself and doing some of his best poetry, ever. Modern sound designs and spare backgrounds buffer Heron's new writing about broken homes, memories, age and loss.<br /><br />Strip away that young machine gun rap about the revolution not being televised. The modern Heron's voice has a rasp of a ex-insurrection grandfather, deep and strained and in the deep soul pocket. (The cover may give you a notion why.) But this actually works: it adds wisdom and credibility to the weathered feel of this album. Go you one better: when I first heard some of the more soul geared tracks on a indie radio station, I thought I was listening to remixes of old Lou Rawls.<br /><br />Strip the 1960s and the 19Scott Heron's and everything we knew of this master's work of so long ago.<br /><br />Once stripped, your gonna love this.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|And don't watch this movie. It's terrible. One-dimensional characters, a cliched and hackneyed plot, and some of the worst dialog since Twilight was forced on the eager masses. Do yourself a favor and don't bother with this over-hyped piece of garbage. This film is basically a protoype representing what is possible with the new computer-generated technology, but the movie itself is slapped together and has little or no redeeming quality.<br /><br />There are so many things in the movie that just don't make sense. With the exception of Sigourney Weaver, who is quite good in the movie, there are absolutely no notable performances. The direction movies are taking, where an entire film can be shot inside a computer, or against blue screens...some of the magic is lost. Nothing feels real. I guess we are supposed to sympathize with the protagonist, but there is no depth to him at all. In fact there is no depth to any of the characters. Almost every single one of them is a simple cliche. Which isn't a problem, and in fact some very good movies are made without any sort of originality. But when you want an audience to really connect to the movie you're making, you have to give them something to grab on to.<br /><br />I am obviously in the minority, but I watched it with my dad and brother, and none of us could get past how awful the dialog is. The story isn't original, but it isn't necessarily bad. It's really the poor casting choices and the poor script that bring this movie down. After the movie ended, I pictured Sam Worthington reading through the script, turning to James Cameron, laughing and saying \\"No really where's the real script?\\" And apparently even with the development of intergalactic space space travel, the military is still stuck in the 18th century. How exactly would a racist redneck be put in command of an entire military base? Why would you want someone like that in place when you know they just want to go out and kill everything that moves? See, they could have done that, but then the movie should have been about the Na'Vi mounting a resistance. I don't understand why they bothered trying to have peaceful negotiations at all. With a military leader like that things are only going to end one way, really.<br /><br />The whole movie really just felt like one plot convenience after another, like no real effort was put into making sure that there were emotionally connecting reasons behind why the people in the story did what they did. I understand that James Cameron has pushed the boundaries in Avatar of what is possible on a technical level, but he should not have directed the movie. He should have been the DP (director of photography) on the movie. When you spend almost a decade messing with cameras, 3d, blue screens, motion capture, and everything else, little attention gets paid to things like script...actors...characters...plot...etcetera.but then the movie should have been about the Na'Vi mounting a resistance. I don't understand why they bothered trying to have peaceful negotiations at all. With a military leader like that things are only going to end one way, really.    The whole movie really just felt like one plot convenience after another, like no real effort was put into making sure that there were emotionally connecting reasons behind why the people in the story did what they did. I understand that James Cameron has pushed the boundaries in Avatar of what is possible on a technical level, but he should not have directed the movie. He should have been the DP (director of photography) on the movie. When you spend almost a decade messing with cameras, 3d, blue screens, motion capture, and everything else, little attention gets paid to things like script...actors...characters...plot...etcetera.
0307454541|5.0|I downloaded a preview from the Kindle Store as I wasn't sure about this book but........as soon as I finished the preview I immediately bought the book.  I began it on Friday evening and finished it on Sunday morning when I imediately downloaded the second book in the series.  Fnished that on Monday evening and am now on the third!  I am just sorry that there are only three.  They just grip you from the moment you begin until the end.
B0039TD7RC|3.0|Note: This review is of the remastered album plus the bonus disk released in May of 2010. Amazon has cloned the reviews of earlier releases and put them in this section where they don't really apply.    Finally a remastering of one of great rock & roll albums. The original sound, like some other great albums (Physical Graffitti, Europe 72 and more) was muddy and jukeboxy, maybe intentionally so. The sound of the original album has been improved somewhat. It is still not the quality one might expect with a current release, but has been cleaned up and the individual instruments are more distinct.    Having done that, why did the Stones bother to put out a bonus disk of outakes and discarded versions? They may be of interest to scholars, but most are so awkward, half-mixed and woozy that I'd be mortified to claim them as my own. Listening to the bonus disk made me grind my teeth in agony. Better that they had put an expanded booklet in rather than this instant coaster.
1933771690|5.0|New and unique perspective on the universe, all the people who would like to gain a deep insight into life, people and the universe must consider.
0307454541|3.0|I'm torn in my feelings about this book.  On the one hand, it's a well-constructed mystery.  There are plenty of realistic suspects, and the likeable protagonists uncover the clues at a plausible rate.  The picture of Sweden is one that I had never considered from my perspective in the United States, and while I guessed the answer to the mystery fairly early on (if not the details of the motive), the conclusion was still rich and intricate and satisfying.  On the other hand, though, the level of sexual violence is intense.  Some of it relates to the main mystery and is mercifully vague, but much of it is both graphic and potentially gratuitous.  On the positive side, it could have been more graphic (one incident covers about a paragraph, one about a page, and another only a page or two), so I am thankful for Larsson's restraint there, and through discussions with friends, I've learned that Larsson wanted to draw attention to the ongoing problem of sexual violence against women, particularly the most vulnerable women, in Sweden, so I can see his point, but...  But the sexual violence is intense, and I don't know that the rest of the book justifies it by being so much better than standard airport mystery books.  I'm happy to have read this book to form my own opinions on such a popular novel, but I don't know that I will recommend it to friends.
B0033QC0WO|4.0|In the age of copy-paste, BPR and recycling, Decca's contribution to the Chopin 200 anniversary is a repackaged, non-remastered but price-reduced reissue of Ashkenazy's 13-disc box set--'[[ASIN:B0000041KB Chopin: The Piano Works]]'. Below follows a revised and updated version of my review of that set, posted some 18 months ago.<br /><br />Having discovered Chopin's unique musical treasures in my pre-teens through Naxos discs featuring Szekely, Szokolay, Zaritskaya and Biret--readily available in my small home town--I acquired this Ashkenazy set in my teenage years and thought it to be the definitive way to Chopin's music for years. As time went by, I noticed that I returned increasingly more seldom to it.<br /><br />All the same, Askhenazy's (near) complete survey of Chopin's solo piano works (inexplicably excluding the Andante spianato and Grand Polonaise) is overall a viable investment at around $100; at half the price, it is actually very much desirable. Ashkenazy is a master pianist when it comes to technical effortlessness, tone production, legato playing and pedaling. However, more often than not--just as Rubinstein in his stereo Chopin recordings--he lacks the individual imagination that elevates the very greatest Chopin playing.<br /><br />As a consequence of the aforesaid, it should come as no surprise that Ashkenazy is most at home in the Etudes, Rondos, Polonaises, Waltzes and Scherzos (save the mechanical First). His generally straightforward approach pays ample dividends here--the Etudes in fact displaying a rather unique combination of effortless brilliance and poised poetry. Conversely, his Preludes, Sonatas and, even more so, Nocturnes and Mazurkas are fairly pale and pedestrian placed next to those of Ohlsson, Moravec and Pogorelich--all playing at least one division higher. Nonetheless, some out-and-out five-star performances are hiding within the 13 discs: the Op 37 Nocturnes, Op 42 Waltz, Opp 26 & 53 Polonaises, Op 56/1 Mazurka, Op 73 Rondo, Bolero, Second Ballade, Allegro de concert, Polonaise-Fantaisie and the Op 25/1 Etude.<br /><br />A problem throughout this set is the sharp, metallic piano sound Decca insists on producing (indeed weird compared to the label's demonstration sound in opera and orchestra productions), recorded at seven different venues in London over a 10-year period (1974-84)--analogly as well as and digitally. Having said that, the sound is remarkably consistent. (As a matter of curiosity, chirping birds can be heard during the C-major Prelude!)<br /><br />Having added a minus in my original review pertaining to the sound and price tag, I now can only commend Decca/Universal for offering this set at a third of what I paid some 15 years ago. The sound remains brittle and Ashkenazy's imagination somewhat limited. Nonetheless, at less than $50, this is an excellent Chopin investment, far more consistent in quality than the anniversary compilations from [[ASIN:B002NFCHBA DG]], [[ASIN:B002UCDVAC EMI]] and [[ASIN:B002OLV3WW Sony]]--second only to Ohlsson's complete survey.<br /><br />REFERENCE: [[ASIN:B001F4YGUA Ohlsson]]gro de concert, Polonaise-Fantaisie and the Op 25/1 Etude.    A problem throughout this set is the sharp, metallic piano sound Decca insists on producing (indeed weird compared to the label's demonstration sound in opera and orchestra productions), recorded at seven different venues in London over a 10-year period (1974-84)--analogly as well as and digitally. Having said that, the sound is remarkably consistent. (As a matter of curiosity, chirping birds can be heard during the C-major Prelude!)    Having added a minus in my original review pertaining to the sound and price tag, I now can only commend Decca/Universal for offering this set at a third of what I paid some 15 years ago. The sound remains brittle and Ashkenazy's imagination somewhat limited. Nonetheless, at less than $50, this is an excellent Chopin investment, far more consistent in quality than the anniversary compilations from [[ASIN:B002NFCHBA DG]], [[ASIN:B002UCDVAC EMI]] and [[ASIN:B002OLV3WW Sony]]--second only to Ohlsson's complete survey.    REFERENCE: [[ASIN:B001F4YGUA Ohlsson]]
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This was a good deal and delivered in a timelay manner in as advertised condition.
0060557818|5.0|Neverwhere takes place in \\"Above\\" London and \\"Below\\" London. A forgotten world of people exist Below. Some have always existed there, while others slipped through the cracks from Above.<br /><br />Not only did I love this story, but I love Neil Gaiman's writing style. He has a brilliant knack for describing scenes and settings, without leaving the reader feeling weighed down by facts. The characters are quirky and each one is unique. This is a mystery, with a paranormal twist and a sprinkle of fantasy. I was thoroughly entertained from start to finish.
1423113381|4.0|I like how Riordan educates the reader without boring them to death. I'm looking forward to the next book.
1579128149|5.0|I am a chemist and have always been fascinated by the Periodic Table of Elements.  So, imagine my excitement when I saw this book sitting in the bookstore.  Not only does it provide information on all 118 elements in the Periodic Table, it does it in a way that is interesting, accessible, and beautiful.  This is a book that makes you want to touch it and turn the pages, you just can't resist.  The picture of the elements are colorful and intriguing; they are all featured on a stylish black background...this is just a beautiful book.<br /><br />Each element features a picture of the element in its purest form.  The side of the page has a small strip that gives lots of technical data.  The elements position on the periodic table is showm, atomic weight, density, atomic radius, crystal structure, electron order filing, atomic emissions spectrum, and state of matter are all given in this strip.  The rest of the page is given over to a few paragraphs about the element.  Then there are excellent pictures showing instances where the element is used and these pictures also have small descriptions.  Most elements are given a two page spread, but some of the lucky elements get 4 pages!<br /><br />In addition to the individual elements the beginning of the book discusses the different sections of the periodic table and how the periodic table of elements got its shape.<br /><br />This is more of a coffee table book than an ultimate reference to the Periodic Table of Elements.  Although it does provide a lot of information on the Elements.  Much of the discussion on each Element is anecdotal and somewhat humorous.  This makes the book an excellent reference for the layman interested in Elements, it also makes the book an entertaining read.  You would have to go elsewhere to get into the gritty details of some of these elements though....for example if you were trying to synthesize something with them or something else deeply technical.<br /><br />Overall I really loved this book.  It is such an awesome book with such neat pictures. Everyone in the house from my computer loving husband to my three year old son has spent time looking through this book.  It is just such an interesting book and it is presented in such a beautiful way.  Not to mention it is even fun to read!  I think everyone should have this book in their house; if nothing else it makes for interesting discussions as you see the bizarre forms of some of the elements.ith such neat pictures. Everyone in the house from my computer loving husband to my three year old son has spent time looking through this book.  It is just such an interesting book and it is presented in such a beautiful way.  Not to mention it is even fun to read!  I think everyone should have this book in their house; if nothing else it makes for interesting discussions as you see the bizarre forms of some of the elements.
0141439513|3.0|After reading Northanger Abbey and enjoying it so much, I decided that I would take another stab about Jane Austen and I am very glad that I did. I chose Pride and Prejudice because it is one of her better known novels and has been turned into numerous movies as well as a recent adaptation titled Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. The story is about Elizabeth Bennet who is a strong willed and outspoken young woman as she tries to find her true love. The most interesting aspect of the story is not Elizabeth's hunt for love, but her relationship with her parents. Mrs. Bennet is a flighty woman whose main goal in life is to have her daughters wed to wealthy men. While, Mr. Bennet is a sarcastic and cynical man with no interest in martial affairs. Elizabeth's contrasting parental figures is detrimental to all of the daughters and even places them in danger.<br /><br />Most people identify this novel with the relationship between outspoken Elizabeth and cocky Darcy. However, there is much more to the story than their love.Still, I am looking forward to reading Linda Berdoll's sequel titled Darcy Takes a Wife.
B003D83DPA|4.0|The people who have criticised this Blu-Ray disc fail to consider the following:This concert was filmed in 1983 on 16mm film at a time when even the best consumer video format(Laserdisc) had resolution less than what DVD has today. We can all agree that the performances  and surround sound mix on this Blu-Ray disc are superb. I've purchased both the Blu-Ray & DVD editions from Amazon's British website and viewed both on my 54\\" plasma T.V. and can assure you that the Blu-Ray disc's picture is dramatically superior to the DVD edition, even if Blu-Ray makes the film grain more visible(the concert was filmed under low-light conditions).<br /><br />  I should explain that the reason why the U.S.A. price on the Blu-Ray & DVD editions is quite high is because Universal Music in the U.S.A. is merely importing the British discs instead of pressing their own. It's much, much cheaper to import them yourself from Amazon's British website. The British DVD set has been pressed with NTSC video/All regions, and the British Blu-Ray disc has been pressed for worldwide(all regions) playback compatability. Universal in the UK also offers a set which pairs the DVD with the 2-CD audio set. Universal can't officially distribute that edition in the U.S.A., where Warner Brothers' license on the group's CD releases is still in effect.<br /><br />  As for the music in this concert, it finds the group touring behind their \\"Love Over Gold\\" album, at a time when the group had added keyboards, saxophone and a more proficient drummer for a more exact reproduction of the group's increasingly melodic & complex arrangements. This doesn't mean that there isn't improvisation and elaboration. There is, and the group finds a groove and stretches out with renditions that are typically much longer than their studio counterparts.<br /><br />  But I do have two very valid criticisms: \\"Love Over Gold\\"(which is included in the CD version) is still omitted from the video version, though the film footage exists and has been used in video compilations such as \\"Sultans of Swing\\" & \\"Dire Straits-The Videos\\". And, of course, the annoying piece of hair fluttering around inside one of the three film cameras(during the last two songs) remains present with no attempt to retouch it, though certainly there are things that could have been done in the digital domain to retouch the image(techniques that were used on the DVD of \\"The Who-The Kids Are Alright\\")ll omitted from the video version, though the film footage exists and has been used in video compilations such as \\"Sultans of Swing\\" & \\"Dire Straits-The Videos\\". And, of course, the annoying piece of hair fluttering around inside one of the three film cameras(during the last two songs) remains present with no attempt to retouch it, though certainly there are things that could have been done in the digital domain to retouch the image(techniques that were used on the DVD of \\"The Who-The Kids Are Alright\\")
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Opionions about the tv series lost vary drastically. Mostly due to people not watching every episode or not understanding to meaning to the show.    Lost is the greatest show ever made and it all depends on the viewer to understand why.
B00009P1MP|5.0|I purchased this for my Mother-In-Law for Mother's Day.  It was a hit!  It was in the purse that my wife had bought her; when she saw the CD inside she pretty much forgot about the purse.
B002NOAF9W|2.0|Yep, I have to agree with several others who reviewed this; it is one of the greatest live releases of all-time, but this edition is a pure cash-grab.  There is absolutely no reason why the 5 additional tracks (timing out at all of 18 minutes) could not have been added to the original disk.  The BB King/Ike & Tina shows are very good, but not spectacular, and the DVD is utterly self-indulgent and pointless to the extent of being virtually unwatchable, even for a die-hard Stones fan.  The packaging is nice, but this should have been a 2-disk set for less then $20...
1416550550|5.0|Kate Morton knows how to do it. Despite the confusion of different time periods and different women, the storyline draws you ever forward to its inevitable yet surprising conclusion. Cornwall and Australia, turn of the century and modern day, it works and you care about Nell and Cassandra and Eliza.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|This book was the perfect ending to the story. Wish the author was alive that we could read more of his books. It was well written and held my attention to complete the entire book in one day. I am waiting for the movies to come out that would do more justice to the content available.
0525423842|2.0|I am an elemenntary school librarian.   I read a couple of chapters of this to my kids to see if they'd liked it.  Their reaction was negative.  They hated the \\"gum-shoe\\" style of writing.  It is written in an old style with what is suppose to be clever jokes thrown in - the kids just did not get the humor.  Look for something more modern - Geronimo Stilton or a better verion of gum-shoe - Nate the Great.
0307165485|2.0|We bought this in 2004 for when our child was born. It sat on the shelf for a long time, but when we did get it down, within two or three days of stories, the whole spine ripped from the binding and the book has been literally falling apart since. We have taped sections back together without success. I may reorder since we love the book and cross my fingers for a better copy!
B000AJIAOO|4.0|I bought The Silent Force and The Heart of It All because my wife is a huge fan of Vampire Diaries and has gotten me to watching it enough that when I saw the music was for sale I thought it would make a great gift.  Man, was I right!    For Vampire Diaries fans, having this music is almost like having the show around you all the time (particularly \\"The Heart...\\").  Just very upliftiing, awesome music with a hint of haunted/wicked.   The Silent Force is a good companion piece.  The Heart of it All is a must have.  Plan to play this a lot!!!
B001OQCV2E|1.0|very bad movie, with some stupid scenes. no translation to spanish language or even  subtitles. I give to friend of mine because I want to see no more in my life!!!!!!!!!!!
1594481717|3.0|Buy it used. Read it. Do some of the creativity exercises. You will get your money's worth. Though flawed, the book provoked some fresh thoughts and ideas in me which is all one can ask in the over-saturated \\"creativity\\" genre. It may be unfair to judge the book now almost 5 years after it was published, but parts of it seem obvious, over-simplified, and dated.<br /><br />The book has 3 aspects to it 1) an overview of the changing world of work from the Age of Information to the Conceptual Age 2) The six senses that should be developed to thrive in the Conceptual Age and 3) Exercises to go with each of the six senses.  Pink summarizes the driving forces of change in the work world with the 3 A's: Abundance, Automation, and Asia. We are well off (abundance) so we can focus more on right-brained directed (R-directed) sensibilities such as design in our lives. For example, we can buy a designer toilet brush cheap at Target. Machines can do more automated tasks so humans should focus on R-directed tasks which are harder for computers to do. Lastly, Asia has much lower labor costs and has taken a lot of left-brain work (L-directed) so workers in U.S. need to master abilities that can't be off-shored. If you buy all that and fear for your employment future, you will be motivated to try to learn the six senses to energize your right brain: Design, Story, Symphony, Empathy, Play, and Meaning. At the end of each section are activities to enhance that sense. Do a few.<br /><br />Just for fun, I will highlight one point from each \\"sense\\" to give you a flavor of the book:<br />Design: The bad design of the butterfly ballot in the 2000 Presidential election cost Al Gore the presidency.<br />Symphony: Sidney Harman, multi-millionaire, says \\"Get me some poets as managers...Poets, those unheralded systems thinkers, are our true digital thinkers.\\"<br />Story: \\"Only the human mind can think metaphorically and see relationships that computers could never detect\\"<br />Empathy: \\"...empathy's role in healing is one reason why nursing will be one of the key professions of the Conceptual Age workforce\\"<br />Play: \\"Playing video games can sharpen many of the skills that are vital in the Conceptual Age.\\"<br />Meaning: Americans are exploring labyrinths \\"as a path to prayer, introspection, and emotional healing.\\"<br /><br />You can have some fun with this book. The drawbacks are stereotyping computer programmers, MBAs and other professions with respect to their L-directed thinking (full disclosure, I am a computer programmer and an MBA student). At times the book is a little too black and white (a little too left and right). There pervades an \\"us\\" vs. \\"them\\" tone with respect to the U.S. and Asia. I am sure that Asia can and will do much R-directed work in the future so the U.S. cannot assume that we will dominate in innovation and R-directed jobs. I don't believe it is useful to play the \\"where are the jobs going to be\\" game. In the Afterword, Pink write: that we need to ask ourselves 1) Can someone overseas do it cheaply 2) Can a computer do it faster? 3) Am I offering something that satisfies the nonmaterial, transcendent desires of an abundant age? I would suggest people ask themselves \\"What do I like to do?\\" In fact, I just read that there will be a shortage of computer scientists in the U.S. within the next 10 years.<br /><br />Lastly, the book contained some pretty cliche sentences and worn ideas for a book on creativity. Perhaps it seemed fresher 5 years ago. Nevertheless, I got something out of it and I am off to find a Laughter Club (see the \\"Play\\" section).ason why nursing will be one of the key professions of the Conceptual Age workforce\\"  Play: \\"Playing video games can sharpen many of the skills that are vital in the Conceptual Age.\\"  Meaning: Americans are exploring labyrinths \\"as a path to prayer, introspection, and emotional healing.\\"    You can have some fun with this book. The drawbacks are stereotyping computer programmers, MBAs and other professions with respect to their L-directed thinking (full disclosure, I am a computer programmer and an MBA student). At times the book is a little too black and white (a little too left and right). There pervades an \\"us\\" vs. \\"them\\" tone with respect to the U.S. and Asia. I am sure that Asia can and will do much R-directed work in the future so the U.S. cannot assume that we will dominate in innovation and R-directed jobs. I don't believe it is useful to play the \\"where are the jobs going to be\\" game. In the Afterword, Pink write: that we need to ask ourselves 1) Can someone overseas do it cheaply 2) Can a computer do it faster? 3) Am I offering something that satisfies the nonmaterial, transcendent desires of an abundant age? I would suggest people ask themselves \\"What do I like to do?\\" In fact, I just read that there will be a shortage of computer scientists in the U.S. within the next 10 years.    Lastly, the book contained some pretty cliche sentences and worn ideas for a book on creativity. Perhaps it seemed fresher 5 years ago. Nevertheless, I got something out of it and I am off to find a Laughter Club (see the \\"Play\\" section).
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I have been waiting for this movie since BEFORE Titanic! Cameron has not disappointed me at all. This movie is best enjoyed on the weekend afternoon where you can sit back, relax, and let yourself fall in love with the world of Pandora and her people! The 2D edition is as enjoyable as the IMAX 3D edition shown in theaters, as it lets you see the plot and storyline clearly, without the special effects stealing the show. Though it lacks special features on the original release edition, the movie itself makes up for it with sheer fun and emotional gravitas!
0007154534|2.0|Crichton has written many super books, but this is not one of them It's downright stupid. Hey, if those nano critters couldn't deal with a stiff breeze, why didn't those high tech folks just put together some battery powered fans. Every time someone dies, it's just ho-hum. I liked the first part when we get to share housework and shopping with our hero. Really exciting and takes up about 25% of the book.
0307277453|4.0|I do not often read books relating to scientific topics (I am more of a history girl), but this book was very interesting! The author tells this story in a narrative manner which keeps it moving quickly.  The range of connections between humans and other animals was amazing.  This book was filled with interesting facts about all sorts of topics - genetics, anatomy, biology, etc.  Considering the differing opinions from the population about intelligent design vs evolution, this book could be quite controversial, but it isn't told in that manner.  The authors tell a scientific story in an explanatory way ... very enjoyable!
B002ZCY7QY|5.0|I just finished watching the season finale. Wow! I've been watching since episode one.  Just when you think everything's perfect another sneaky plot twist jumbles everything up. It's not like lost where the characters find random dumb stuff happens constantly; the plotline is very constructive. It feels like the directors write out a season at a time rather than episode by episode. But my favorite part is that the show hasn't changed from what they set out to do. Chuck hasn't sold out; it's still about a geeky guy who gets the girl using his clumsy charm. All of the main characters are the same; no one's left, and it's not getting boring!!! On the contrary, it's getting much more interesting and intense. A word of advice though: If you're interested in the show, please start at season one and watch all the episodes in order. I guarantee you'll enjoy the in depth plot so much more! It's defiantly worth your time.
B0034C9CFK|5.0|Really enjoy this latest Alan Jackson CD. All of the songs are easy to listen to and I'm sure Freight Train will be a big hit when they release it as a single.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This movie should have won the best movie of the year. Excellent DVD in Blueray.
B002JCSWV6|5.0|Morgan Freeman is the gold standard in acting and especially non-fiction acting, and Matt Daemon came up to his level in what I regarded as a truly magnificent \\"make-over\\" as a South African white rugby team captain--he changed everything from face to voice to body, and I for one was truly impressed to the point of considering Daemon the lead and Freeman the supporting actor, but both equally vital to this movie.<br /><br />I deeply admire Nelson Mandela and saw the near devine manner in which he helped South Africa avoid a bloody uprising that would have made Atila the Hun look like a wall-flower.  Everything about this movie struck a chord with me, and while there were some over-played scenes, notably the black boy cozying up to the white cops outside the stadium, on balance this movie is a triumph for South Africa, for rugby, and for all who have been associated with South Africa and Nelson Mandela in particular.<br /><br />This is a deeply serious movie, and I also found it especially appealing because it demonstrated what a compassionate leader with vision can do with sport and outreach through sport and a real magical understanding of the importance of sport and gesture and national culture.<br /><br />Of course I prefer football movies such as [[ASIN:B000J3OTT6 Invincible]] and [[ASIN:B00004W221 Rudy (Special Edition)]] and the more recent [[ASIN:B002VECM6S The Blind Side]] but I really marvel at how this movie made me appreciate rugby and I marvel especially at the make-over Matt Daemon carried off in the splendid company of Morgan Freeman.<br /><br />This is a keeper worthy of multiple viewings.
0879309210|5.0|Very well written, explained some items very clearly and helped to get the proper set-up on my guitar.
B001F0WXY0|3.0|This review addresses the product, not the novel itself. The Kindle edition was obviously generated via OCR. Many reading errors arrear in italicized text. Also, the first mention of the key term \\"stilsuit\\" is spelled \\"stulsuit.\\" The editing and review process seems wanting.     The novel is five stars, this electronic edition is two stars.
006145205X|5.0|I can't do better that repeat Steven Pinker's endorsement from the dust jacket:  \\" A delightful and fascinating book, filled with insight and wit, which will make you think twice and cheer up.\\"    It's also filled with historical insights into human psychological and social evolution from prehistory through the present day.    This book is in fact the latest in a long line of lonely books explaining why spontaneous order (unconscious and unplanned) works so amazingly well, and bravely speaking out against the dominant pessimism that always reigns.   Ridley cites these authors liberally: Adam Smith, Charles Darwin, Friedrich Hayek, Julian Simon, Bjorn Lomberg.   Since all these men are heroes of mine, I needed little convincing.  I am already a committed optimist.    But a part of me is deeply pessimistic.  That's because as always, the dominant view of the elites and the media everywhere is global pessimism.   Political \\"leaders\\"  everywhere believe the opposite of what this book teaches.   And they mostly push for well intended but misguided policies that will guarantee that bad outcomes occur.  John Holdren, Obama's chief science advisor, will not read this book, but he believes passionately the exact opposite of everything it explains.    Matt Ridley understands all this, and his frustration with counterproductive policies (like Biofuels) is clearly stated.  But the question is \\"Why are humans so intent on pessimism?\\"  As someone fairly expert in evolutionary psychology, I was hoping Ridley would shed some light on this.  A related question is \\"Why do humans prefer top down hierarchies to spontaneous order.\\"    My own hypothesis goes something like this:  For hundreds of thousands of years, (and before trading occurred) our prehistoric ancestors evolved in small tribal bands, in desperate scarcity, and in constant total war with other tribes, deadly animals, and a harsh environment.  In such a situation, a tribal band must operate with the discipline of a combatarmy.  Survival was completely dependent on rigid conformity, obedience to authority, and the assumption that everything that moves is a potential threat motivated by conscious intent.    Only in the last few hundred years have some civilizations allowed the spontaneous order of billions of individual decisions to generate far greater benefit than top down systems do.   But our primitive past is so deeply imbedded in our mental genes, that most people still believe in gods, \\"great\\" leaders and/or socialism.    My only other quibble with Ridley concerns his bias for markets but against financial markets which he sees as corrupt or exploitative.  He is correct to see a difference, but he needs to read more Hayek to understand why.  The answer is that financial markets are built on anti market foundations: fiat money printed by governments to serve political ends and price fixing of interest rates by central banks which loan money to banks at favored rates not given to others.  This leads to markets distortions, mispriced risk, malinvestment, fraud and periodic bubbles.
0765356147|5.0|I'm not the most educated person out there and this may get written wrong but I have to say this regardless. I grew up a Librarians child and have always read books for pleasure. I have read many books that have made me feel a certain way to some extent. I'm sure many a reader is familiar with the feelings a good story can invoke. I highly recommend this trilogy. This series has been the most amazing I have EVER read in my whole LIFE. Just simply amazing. I can't praise it enough I have trouble trying to find the words to describe it.
B001FB563E|5.0|\\"You must think I'm from another world\\" the Father (Viggo Mortensen) tells his young Son (Kodi Smit-McPhee) as they traverse a post-apocalyptic landscape as they attempt to fend off starvation and cannibal marauders alike.  Adapted from Cormac McCarthy's Pulitzer Prize-winning book by director John Hillcoat (The Proposition), The Road is by all means bleak, depressing, and incredibly compelling.  What appears to be a relatively \\"simple\\" story of the journey of a father and son is anything but, however it is their relationship and their journey that is what makes The Road as impressive as it is, regardless of its \\"end of the world\\" backdrop.  Mortensen in particular is nothing less than spectacular in the lead role, giving a performance that ranks in his recent chain of spectacular performances as being the very best.  Make no mistake that while The Road offers a quite vivid picture of a post-apocalyptic world and the degredation of humanity that follows, there is a small glimmer of hope at the end of this road, even if it seems to dim the longer the film goes on for.  That in itself is the one flaw with The Road, is that as a film it does more often than not tend to feel a bit drawn out.  That aside, for its close to two-hour running time, The Road and Mortensen both manage to impress.  The Road may not be a film that just anyone can easily swallow, but for fans of McCarthy's book or Mortensen, this is wholeheartedly worth your time.  Also featuring small, but memorable, roles from Charlize Theron, Robert Duvall, Guy Pearce, Garret Dillahunt, and The Wire vet Michael Kenneth Williams.
B003AO1SVS|4.0|After a sizable (for their standards) break spent on various side projects, the Keys have returned with a record that takes those new influences from Attack & Release and infuses it with the scorching, old school rock devout followers will recognize immediately. It's surprising that Danger Mouse returns for only one track here, first single \\"Tighten Up,\\" and perhaps even more surprising that the song blows away near everything from Attack & Release. It's bouncy and funky, with a decidedly Motown feel courtesy of the producer, but is also a distinctively Black Keys-ian work - Auerbach spitting verses with the fire of a revivalist preacher, Carney providing iron-tight drum work, the chorus one of the best the Keys have put down in years. After a couple years spent doing things decidedly un-bluesy, it's as if Auerbach and Carney returned with a newfound sense of purpose but also with a sense of loose adventure and bar band camaraderie, borne out of their own side projects and Danger Mouse's valuable influence on their last record. It's something not readily apparent when one listens to the straight-ahead, grimy rock that opens the record on \\"Everlasting Light,\\" but something that shines through as Brothers unwinds.<br /><br />It's the vintage guitar sound and bass tone on \\"Howlin' For You\\" that sounded so contrived on their last records sounding intensely natural here, like a Howlin' Wolf time capsule; how \\"Ten Cent Pistol\\" toes the line between a smoldering roadside tale and a full-on guitar conflagration; the beautiful riff on \\"Unknown Brothers\\" framing one of the record's most gorgeous melodies. This is definitely a Black Keys record, as one listen to barnburners like \\"Black Mud\\" and \\"Next Girl\\" makes clear, but it throws off the stale path the band had begun to wear down with ease, making a sound decades old sound fresh and renewed. A lot of the credit has to go to Auerbach, who confidently stakes his claim as one of indie rock's most soulful singers throughout - his improved falsetto brings some much needed expression to lyrics that are often not as important as the feelings Auerbach's vocal stylings bring forth.<br /><br />Everything comes together on their cover of Jerry Butler's \\"Never Give You Up\\" (just one \\"gonna\\" away from an even better choice), where Auerbach's fiery vocals make a standard torch song into an impassioned plea impossible to ignore. It helps that the fat horn fills and a lo-fi quality that makes it sound like the band recorded this on stage in a dive bar somewhere in the Georgia swamp all add to an essentially timeless aura. Perhaps it says something about the Black Keys that the best song on Brothers is a cover, but it's also fitting in its own way - after all, the Keys have always subsisted on the fruits of their musical ancestors, building on riffs and traditions that originated a half-century ago. You can still claim that they cop styles long past their expiration date, that their sound is a gimmick and/or played out, that they carry on for far too long (at 15 tracks, Brothers does extend its welcome unnecessarily). But Brothers marks for perhaps the first time in their career that the Black Keys may have opened the door on a new chapter, one that revolves more around the band's refined songwriting, monster hooks, and growing grab bag of influences than on any one classic sound. If so, perhaps the Keys can go from being one of rock's consistently great bands to one of its consistently best.oved falsetto brings some much needed expression to lyrics that are often not as important as the feelings Auerbach's vocal stylings bring forth.     Everything comes together on their cover of Jerry Butler's \\"Never Give You Up\\" (just one \\"gonna\\" away from an even better choice), where Auerbach's fiery vocals make a standard torch song into an impassioned plea impossible to ignore. It helps that the fat horn fills and a lo-fi quality that makes it sound like the band recorded this on stage in a dive bar somewhere in the Georgia swamp all add to an essentially timeless aura. Perhaps it says something about the Black Keys that the best song on Brothers is a cover, but it's also fitting in its own way - after all, the Keys have always subsisted on the fruits of their musical ancestors, building on riffs and traditions that originated a half-century ago. You can still claim that they cop styles long past their expiration date, that their sound is a gimmick and/or played out, that they carry on for far too long (at 15 tracks, Brothers does extend its welcome unnecessarily). But Brothers marks for perhaps the first time in their career that the Black Keys may have opened the door on a new chapter, one that revolves more around the band's refined songwriting, monster hooks, and growing grab bag of influences than on any one classic sound. If so, perhaps the Keys can go from being one of rock's consistently great bands to one of its consistently best.
B00005RYKV|5.0|One of my favorite \\"yakuza\\" movie's. Classic Beat and a young Omar Epps.  This film is not going to win any oscar's but it does a decent job of incorporating old school Asian traditions with in non cultured America. Loved the props they gave to the US Mafia.  If you like gansta films, this one might intrigue you.
055358894X|4.0|I saw a bunch of recommendations for this book, but they were from people who had pretty bad taste. I tried it anyway, and I'm glad I did. It's not the greatest book in the history of the universe. It won't change your life or anything. It's just a load of fun. It has the obligatory surprises near the end. The main problem I had was that the villain's motivation was disconnected from the plot and characters that you cared about, so I didn't care about him at all. So the inevitable resolution for him didn't have much impact.    And hey, I just bought the sequel.
B001ILFUD2|5.0|We love Disney movies and have most of them on DVD. Some of them can be pricey. This was a good buy.
0451228731|5.0|As a technology professional, it always bugs me when I see technology portrayed in books, movies, an television in ways that are completely unrealistic. Daemon is the answer to this problem. While highly improbably, and logistically infeasible, the technology in the book is absolutely real. I found only one thing in the entire book that was only slightly technologically off kilter. He didn't have to be so realistic with the tech. either, since it is a work of fiction, but he did.     Now that alone isn't going to interest most people in this book. What I think is really great about it are the action scenes. They are described so wonderfully, I could clearly see all of the action in my head. I felt like I was watching Die Hard, it was so great.     If you like technology. If you like action. If you like being scared by the possibility of a techno-dystopian future, then check this out.
B0037FFBCW|5.0|I recieved my item quick. I have been looking for this movie for quite sometime. The price was good compared to other sellers.
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|This release is hot, pure and simple. It puts me in the mind of hearing Marvin Gaye's \\"What's Going On\\" album the first time when I was a freshman in college. The songs truly felt like a suite and flowed smack into each other (Erykah Badu's \\"Mama's Gun\\" and Jill Scott's live album are the few in recent memory that hit me like this). The arrangements in Archandroid are like an audible collision between Stevie Wonder,  James Bond, a tinge of Earth Wind and Fire and Quincy Jones circa Michael Jackson \\"Off the Wall,\\" approaching Curtis Mayfield, and some Bjork (yes, you are America's answer to the majestic Bjork, Swing Out Sister and Janet Jackson). Add in a little otherworldly that puts you in the mood of a movie soundtrack and we're about there.Yes, I danced in the mirror of my apartment to \\"Tightrope,\\" - they try to take your dreams/but you can't a allow it...whether you're high or low/you got to tip on the tightrope...this ain't no acrobatics/you either follow or you lead...you gotta keep your balance or you fall into the gap - her first release and hardly got the James Brown footwork Janelle and her crew does so wonderfully in her video. My cat was entertained at my even trying.    What you want to really listen to is Suite II Overture, cut 1, and cut 4, Locked Inside (which has the drumming transition you hear at the beginning of MJ's \\"Rock with You\\". There are few things being dropped these days that surprise. Archandroid is among them. After the Overture, dig into \\"Dance or Die,\\" which again puts me in the mind of the Jackson family, namely Janet, as this song sounds eerily similar to  \\"I Bet You Think This Song is About You.\\" Janelle's power is in her daring to take risks. When I told my husband that Sean \\"Piddy\\" Combs was an executive producer on this CD, I heard, \\"I'm glad to see that he's trying something adventurous\\". That was the hubby being nice. Now I'm not mad at Combs, but I believe he did something grand in letting Janelle do her thing as she lets usknow up front in her acknowledgements: \\"To my Bad Boy/Atlantic Family...Thank you Sean Combs. Thank you for helping us soar & letting me be the boss; It is because of your strong belief in our ideas as The Wondaland Arts Society we are able to fly higher.\\")     One confession: my interest in this release goes beyond the music. Janelle's concentration on aliens and sci-fi and most especially, the 1927 Frantz Lang film \\"Metropolis\\" (as seen in her debut CD two years ago) was enough to make me take note. I also like this film. And not that African Americans can't get down with all things German and fictitiously science, but it was cool seeing someone else seeing the splendor and magic in this Lang film. Beyond that, there are some moments on this CD that didn't entirely impress me and that would be the sing-song beginning to \\"Oh Maker\\". I could almost see Janelle dropping her pompadour and tuxedo or sci-fi fetish for a straw hat, a banjo and some overalls to sing this song that spins out into the funky, true. And not too soon for me, but that's allowed. Janelle, this is your work. I love it. And I hope others do, too. And that's because Janelle, you're all over the place and yet in one very steady place, which is you.     Commencing the final note: anyone reading this with the album in hand/ear, go straight to Suite III Overture, cut 12** (all of 1:41 seconds in length) and Neon Valley Street, cut 13 (3:58 if you're keeping count). Whatever you praying to, Neon Valley Street is the soundtrack.  I couldn't tell if this was a gospel tune or if she was for a minute truly being Top 40 romantic (let's pretend I'm holding your hand) or whether this was an ode to the listener (...May the song reach your heart/May the song journey on...running fast in time like Tubman...it's just a pity the song is a danger zone...don't get caught).     I told my husband that according to the notes on this album, Janelle is from the year 2719. She's from another time, I said. The hub replied,\\"Yeah, like Sun Ra.\\" I said, \\"Yes, but she's more accessible.\\" (Google NPR interview).    And now for the Archandroid Awards:    1) Most Appreciated Arrangements:    About 1:59 into cut 15, \\"Wondaland\\" (another nod to love)    2) Lyrics, Most Surprising:  Early in the morning he searched for her/until his feet grew bloody and tired    3) Should Get Regular Airplay for the Masses Award:    \\"Say You'll Go,\\" cut 17 (one lyric: Write our name on each other's heart/Love is not a fantasy.) These lyrics and the doo-doo-do, which again, put me in the mind of Stevie and war-time radio. This tune is also for anyone thinking of the DOW, Greece, the BP spill in the Gulf, December 21, 2012, and all things scary and redundant (The world could end outside our window, she sings). The choral arrangement and piano and strings at the end are not to be forgotten.       The truly final note: Cut 18, \\"Babopbyeya\\" is it. Eight minutes and forty six seconds long. The title is an inspired scat a la Ella. The lyrics are amazing. (Where are you, my darling?/ Babopyeyah /can you hear me calling/give us the eyes to  guide us the most when have no light to see through our darkest days and troubled ways...Meet me at the door by the garden...I hear echoes of your laughter in the corners of my mind...I must go.) And Miss Janelle, is that Spanish or Portuguese you poured up in here? Girl, you are damaging for the ordinary. You are waking them up.
B000OMD4BG|5.0|Purchased at a gift for my daughter. She was very pleased with this CD. Good Buy.
B0015DWJX2|2.0|Just finished this book and from the reviews I so wanted to like it. It was a quick read but I'm left thinking...what the heck was that about? There was really no plot of interest and I didn't feel I got to know the thoughts/feelings of any of the folks in the book.<br /><br />Hmmmm
B00335EQ0E|5.0|We love Disney movies and have most of them on DVD. Some of them can be pricey. This was a good buy.
B0015KG3N2|4.0|Benjamin Hoff uses Winnie the Pooh to teach Taoist principles.  The book is a quick and easy read, as I am sure the author intended as way to reflect his subject matter.  Tao or \\"the Way\\" has always been a somewhat mysterious and inaccessible philosophy for me.  Perhaps that's the result of my over-westernized mind.  Whenever I read a treatise on the Tao, I am always left with the feeling that I have only touched the surface of the teaching and that I would need to enroll in a some long term course before I get it.  This book leaves me with the same feeling.  I did, however, glean some important teachings, like how one must try to stick to his own nature, how it's better to go with the flow than to be hyperorganized, and how our culture's acquisitiveness has resulted in mindless consumerism and the threat to our planet's viability.  I was also impressed by the teaching on Tai Chi, where practitioners do not confront force with force but use deflection and evasive tactics to overcome their enemy, a technique that should be used more often in other areas of life.  So, maybe I did get more than I expected. In any case, it's fun and comforting to have Winnie the Pooh and his character friends on the journey to learning the Tao.  Read and enjoy.
B000JBWWRY|5.0|We love Disney movies and have most of them on DVD. Some of them can be pricey. This was a good buy.
B000KIE11Q|5.0|I've had other models of Swatch(irony), and definitively they are of the best thing in its price. I recommend it for the daily use. Excellent qualitymen's
B000OLGCI4|5.0|We love Disney movies and have most of them on DVD. Some of them can be pricey. This was a good buy.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|Have watched 24 from the very beginning and never missed a Monday night episode.  In my humble opinion, the very best program on TV ever!  I do not see how Fox will ever top this one; guess we will have to wait and see.  Keifer, you, and the entire cast, did an excellent job with this series.  Must mention Chloe (Mary Lynn) also...do not know how many times I gave her a \\"high five\\" just loved her personality and wit.  All of you will sorely be missed in this household.
B0007KTBIU|5.0|We love Disney movies and have most of them on DVD. Some of them can be pricey. This was a good buy.
0740748475|5.0|What can I say that hasn't already been said?  Where can I start?<br />Well, let me begin at the beginning.  Since many reading this already have their own history of encountering the blond nuisance and his striped feline fellow, I might as well give mine.<br />It was the late '90s, well past the end of Calvin and Hobbes.  I don't really recall the reasons behind my being there, but my uncle was babysitting me at the time.  Strange, as he rarely did such a thing, but there I was.  He let me scour the stacks and stashes of his then basement; I remember finding an old Atari 2600, complete with games and controllers (a.k.a. joysticks).  Did it ever work?  Never found out.<br />I peered through some other boxes and found a battered copy of The Indispensable Calvin and Hobbes.  The only comics I remember reading before were Peanuts, and I was actually very chary about reading new material in my ignorant youth, but seeing as I had nothing else to do, and the hilarious facial expressions of Calvin were tugging at my interest, I sat and read.<br /><br />Before long my mom came to pick me up.  I asked if I could borrow the copy, and my uncle ended up giving it to me.  After my first time through, I suddenly remembered that I indeed encountered the pair of oddballs before: a kid in my 4th grade class showed me a strip and burst out laughing.  However, not knowing the context, I didn't think it was funny.  I tried reading more, but the \\"big words\\" turned me away.<br /><br />Nevertheless, after my uncle let me keep that copy, days of reading it turned to years.  I was so engrossed in Watterson's world, that my proceeding birthday and Christmas gifts consisted of more books.  My days were just packed, and I find even that, years later, my sadistic and sarcastic senses of humor can be attributed to Mr. Bill himself.<br /><br />Now, about this product.  There's really nothing more I can say of it.  It's been in circulation for years now, and most reviews give it its due adulation.  Still, words can never express just how great Watterson's tour de force really is.  It extends above and beyond the art of the comic, and yet its the actual medium of the comic that gives it this extension.<br />What's great about reading it is that you can jump in at any moment.  The characters themselves remain the same from 1985 to 1995.  Only a few strips would require you to have some background knowledge (as I needed when a youth), but overall Watterson created strong and memorable characters from the very beginning.<br /><br />Because this complete collection is so expensive, I just recently finally got around to purchasing it, and I can unhesitatingly say it's worth every penny.  However, because it doesn't include any in-strip commentaries and such as did previous books, it's notable to suggest buying those earlier volumes as well--if you don't already own them.<br />This set gives all strips, from weekdays to weekends (oh, how illustrious and groundbreaking the Sunday strips were), as well as the cover artworks of all previous sets.  I have yet to find any shelf-wear, so the three volumes and slipcase are very well made (I own the second print).<br />The dates are also included at the bottom, so you won't lose track of syndication.  Because the Sunday pages were created in advance and require a full page, they may sometimes make chronology a bit off.  But that's a menial gripe.<br /><br />There is no denying Watterson's genius.  Though I am also a huge fan of Peanuts, as well as aware that Watterson drew heavily from Schulz's muse (I mean, really, Linus' shirt is obvious), I purport that Watterson's work is greater than Sparky's.  The latter himself recognized that Bill's was one of the few recent strips that \\"had the potential of being great.\\"  I think it already broke that potential, and makes the standard of a fantastic strip.<br />If Watterson had let mass-marketing dilute his magnum opus, I'm sure it would receive much wider recognition.  But it's this protection that Bill has over his work that I also admire.<br />I just can't ever imagine Calvin and Hobbes with actual voices!<br /><br />So, there you have it.  That's my review.  Not much of a review since I rambled about how great this is--but you already knew that.  If you're looking for details, I'm sorry I couldn't provide more.  But, really, this is the complete Calvin and Hobbes, and if you want to know what great literature, supreme artwork, indispensable quips and some good ol' reading are at their peaks, then dive into the world of Bill Watterson.<br /><br />See you there.his protection that Bill has over his work that I also admire.<br />I just can't ever imagine Calvin and Hobbes with actual voices!<br /><br />So, there you have it.  That's my review.  Not much of a review since I rambled about how great this is--but you already knew that.  If you're looking for details, I'm sorry I couldn't provide more.  But, really, this is the complete Calvin and Hobbes, and if you want to know what great literature, supreme artwork, indispensable quips and some good ol' reading are at their peaks, then dive into the world of Bill Watterson.<br /><br />See you there.
030726999X|5.0|This final book of Larsson's trilogy is everything a fan of the series could ask for in a finale.<br /><br />If you've read the first two, you know that this one is a must-read. If you haven't read the first two, don't even think about reading only this one. You will be totally lost. This isn't really a series but one riveting story divided into three parts, and absolutely has to be read in order and in its entirety.<br /><br />Larsson's use of history and politics adds immensely to the story's realism, and made it feel like it could just as easily take place in one of several other countries, including the U.S. I also thoroughly enjoyed reading about Sweden's culture.<br /><br />To sum up the book without spoilers, following the events of the second book, Salander is fighting for her life in every sense. Blomkvist and her other supporters are working tirelessly to prove her innocence, save her from Zalachenko and his supporters, and keep her out of an institution -- asylum or prison. Although hospitalized, Salander fights to survive as only Salander can.<br /><br />This is a wonderful end to the trilogy with questions answered, loose ends tied and justice served.
B002QH2NUA|5.0|One of the best concerts I've purchased on DVD. I had the opportunity of seeing the same concert in Puerto Rico. I recommend it.
B00000F14B|5.0|I bought this for my husband because there is a song in here that family guy copied! I thought he would get a kick out the original (which he did). I grew up to all these classics. I highly recomend to anyone who loves classic musicals to add them to their collection!
B0039OGGVQ|5.0|This is a bad ass album!  Every track is hot.  There is really no need to skip around.  Slash knows who to bring in the studio because every vocalist does their thing and slash rocks out on every track.      He has hard rock songs, country riffs, slow acoustic, head bangging metal, and it all goes together very nicely.     This is a great album.  It is worth every penny!
B003CIG7AE|5.0|Still an interesting and compelling band!  This new cd \\"Infinite Arms\\" has some of the best tracks this band has ever done!  BUY IT!!!!!!!
B000PTOICC|5.0|Can't beat the price. It was just little over a dollar and free shipping. How can you go wrong?  It works fine and the service was great!
1594488916|3.0|Lots of other reviews, so I'll make mine short. First, the main character, Gilkey, was introduced too early in the story. The author needed to spend some time reviewing the history of book thefts, and providing more background on the hero's of the story. The book was written too early. Gilkey is still apparently running around allegedly stealing books. The author should have waited longer before writing the story, to make it more complete.    The author expresses her admiration for other narrative non-fiction books (like this one), such as In Cold Blood, The Professor and the Madman, The Orchid Thief, and one other. I have read all of these books, and this one falls short by comparison.    All-in-all, a very light read.
B000P0J02E|5.0|I think Hans Zimmer is the most amazing composer I've known.  This music is absolutely beautiful!!  I've never heard anything like it before, perfect for the movie.
B00005N6KG|1.0|I have owned two pairs of these headphone. Each pair has developed the same problem after about 90 days (just after the warrantee period). The right headphone speaker shorts out and stops working. After taking both pairs apart I found that Sony knots the wire inside the headphone to prevent it from coming out but in the process damages the wires inside causing a short. My advice, don't waste you money on these.
0393072231|3.0|It is shipped fast and in good condition.  There are many special business words in the book, and they seem too difficult to a high school student. The book is my daughter's reading homework, but she and her classmates don not know what the words mean. Though the book is not written for high school students, I think it will be better to have a glossary in the book to explain the business words.   The printing quality is not very good and some alphabets are missing.
0307454541|5.0|Mr. Larsson created a bestseller in Sweden. It should be a bestseller here, as well.<br />Pay attention to the first chapter. It seems a bore, but sets the foundation, especially the fresh flowers.<br />Lisabeth Salander is one who doe not fit into society at all, yet brings out all the dirty laundry & secrets of one of Sweden's richest families<br />Teamed with a journalist a murder which happened years ago is solved along with a string of serial killers.<br />There are quite a number of characters, all interesting. All are developed very well, as is the story. Alas, the ending is bittersweet. though many times true to life.<br />The book is a bit long, but well worth it. No matter, it's tough to put down.<br /><br />I understand Mr. Larsson died before any of his 3 novels were published. His early death is, of course, sad. The world has also lost a very talented writer. RIP Stieg
0920668364|1.0|We recieved this as a gift for my daughter. At first, I thought it was a sweet story. That was until I got to the end of the book and the mother is going across town to break into her grown son's home to hug him while he sleeps. What was this author thinking?
B003AMAOW4|4.0|It appears that this 2009 Munich Festival production is the 'product' of Richard Jones.<br />I don't know what is Mr. Jones's conception of this beautiful work apart from what's being stated in the liner leaflet of this DVD.  If that outline is how Mr. Jones conceived this work, am much afraid that he missed out the most important human aspect of this opera - FAITH. And this is not to say that I was bitterly disappointed that the Lohengrin, no less than the highly expected Jonas Kaufmann, appeared on stage in track suit and sport tee, and the Princess Elsa appeared in workman trousers.<br />My own benchmark of this most romantic of Wagner's works is the Bayreuth 1982 production, with Peter Hofmann in the title role and Karen Armstrong as Elsa.  Since the time of Peter Hofmann, there has not been any tenor who could muster the same degree of conviction on stage portraying the Knight of the Holy Grail. Jonas Kaufmann is the FIRST hopeful.  But alas, I would only say that this 'matter-of-fact' styled production robbed in entirety the opera of its romanticism and lyrical drama.<br />Musically, the bridal chorus sounds grossly inadequate.  And I have a feeling that Kent Nagano allowed the music to drag, resulting in some vocal wobbling in most singers, especially the low male voices, and affected members of the chorus.<br />The only saving aspect of this production is of course without doubt the two lead singers. I would say that both Kaufmann and Anja Hertaros rank among the BEST in their respective roles since the last decade. Hertaros is in both the visual and vocal aspects reminiscent of Astrid Varnay, while Kaufmann, though not necessarily a heldentenor (especially in larger houses), owns an instrument that, if he guards it properly with due care, would be capable of interpreting a number (but not all) of Wagnerian roles to great acclaim. The fact that this production presents him as a 'man in the street' is the greatest shame.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This movie came out in 2008, but I'm 2010 seeing it (as most recent movies). The movie got a bit boring towards the middle, but in classic Batman fashion, finished with a bang. Two-Face was probably the best villain in the Batman series because of his relationship with Batman prior to the face disfiguring. The Joker was always a viable villain, but he was always too goofy, which is why Two-Face was always my favorite.     No matter what Batman did for people, he could never catch a break, from the criminals or the citizens. That's okay. Bruce Wayne owns, and if you don't like it, screw you. lol
B000FP2OPY|4.0|RECEIVED THE DVD IN A TIMELY MANNER, APPEARS BRAND NEW, HAVE NOT YET HAD A CHANCE TO VIEW IT.  THANK YOU SO MUCH.
0792839749|5.0|This dvd was delivered to me very quickly and without any problems. I was very impressed by how fast it came to my door.
B00376AWHK|4.0|SOUND QUALITY IS BETTER THAN THE 25TH ANNIVERSERY CD FROM RHINO. IT SOUNDED KIND OF MUDDY. THIS ONE IS CLEANED UP AND SOUNDS CLEARER. WHY NO BONUS TRACKS. ALOT OF PEOPLE RATHER HAVE THE ORIGINAL ALBUM. THAN SOMETHING ADDED TO IT. I GREW UP WITH THIS ALBUM AND IT WOULD'NT FEEL THE SAME WITH ADDED TRACKS. SO FAR I NEVER HAD PROBLEMS WITH STEVE HOFFMANS WORK FROM 2000 TO PRESENT. BUT THE OLD DCC GOLD WAS TO MUCH BASS IN SOME RECORDINGS THAT TOOK AWAY THE FEELING OF THE MUSIC. THESE NEW RECORDINGS DONT HAVE THAT.
B00000634J|5.0|A replacement cd. My son \\"borrowed\\" my original and never returned it! He loved the music too!
B0036EH3WK|5.0|I saw the finale on Sunday and I am still thinking about it. It was a brilliant end to a brilliant show. Was it perfect? No, they had several loose ends and missteps but on the whole it was truly engaging and though-provoking science fiction, with characters I grew to care about. I probably cried 7 times during the finale.  With BSG passing on last year and now Lost, there is not much else to pique my interest on television. Time to move on and get a life I guess.
B0030Y10PW|5.0|If you are a casual progressive metal fan, you might think that it all started with Dream Theater, and you would be wrong. Even they recognize that before them there was Queensryche, Fates Warning, and this band called Savatage. Their music is not as complex, but it's full of energy and fantastic melody. This two disc set features their most progressive moments, but has enuff metal to satisfy the headbangers out there. If you haven't heard them, give 'em a try and you'll be surprised.
B001OQCV2E|5.0|A fabulous movie that appeals to all the senses in addition to addressing poignant social issues of the fragility of families, government corruption spawning citizen mistrust, and the need to cling to hope for survival. These issues are paralleled by; the fragility of Earth itself; that there are trustworhty people within a corrupt state; and that hope can prevail even in a seemingly hopeless situation shrouded by doom.  Few movies remain entertaining beyond the first viewing - this one remained captivating during my third viewing.
B002WIDRM6|5.0|Love this song; love this album.  Heard and saw this group for the Grammy Awards and fell in love with them.
B001M4JKHC|5.0|My 3-yr old loves this story.  We have several other books by this author and, as usual, it is a fun story.  We love the rhymmes and she can learn about differences between animals and how to solve riddles.  Another favorite in our library.
0307454541|5.0|A missing child, serial killer, dark-family-secret, MPOV, private eye thriller set in Sweden,  with a lot of local atmosphere,  sex (straight, F-F, S&M, incest, multiple orifices etc) and some splatterpunk and animal cruelty and no humor. The private-eye heroine, Salander is a dysfunctional 25 year old computer geek. Her sidekick Blomkvist is a forty something investigative journalist. The case of the 16 year old who went missing thirty years before the main action is the engine of the plot and had me turning the pages. After that gets resolved there's a lengthy coda to resolve a sub-plot about the journalist being wrongly convicted of libeling a billionaire. That got so involved that I started skipping pages and was even more puzzled until I realized I was reading the first chapter trailer for the next book in the series.
B002ZCDR88|5.0|Everything I hoped for and more in this lovely album. I adore Natalie's voice and this album does not disappoint!
1591843162|2.0|I get it.  We all want to be Linchpins... but how?!?  I don't buy books to be told what I need to be, I buy them so I can learn how to be what I need to be.  Needs more use cases and they need to be realistic and achievable.  Other than that, a Linchpin is less than 1% of 1%.  Good luck being one and if you find out how, let me know.
B001FB55HQ|2.0|The movie was well made with action, action, and then more action.  I couldn't really find a plot or figure out just exactly who the good   guys were until nearly the end of the movie. Teenagers will love it.  Adults will probably get bored, like I did
0066620996|5.0|Best business book I've read with very insightful discoveries that are practical and can be put in use.  I still rely on these lessons today.  Love the `Doom Loop' because it's too real with all the re-organizations companies go through (even professional sport teams for that matter).   Worth the buy and keeping as a reference guide for years to come.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|This is all 6 seasons.. LOL.. some people cant read. you cannot bring this home today as in wed, the 26th 2010. the 6th season is not hear yet thats why you have to PRE ORDER!!!!!!!
B001FB563E|4.0|Cormac McCarthy's novel \\"The Road\\" doesn't top most lists of \\"filmable\\" books.  There's really no plot: a father and son travel south in post-apocalyptic America.  Like most of McCarthy's work, the novel is about inner conflict.  It's an ultimately hopeful tale set in a world of utter hopelessness, and perhaps ranks as McCarthy's one true \\"uplifting\\" novel.<br /><br />THE ROAD follows a similar suit.  In fact, though some minor things have been changed, it is an incredibly faithful adaptation.  It lacks some of the novel's subtlety, but that's only to be expected.  If the book hadn't been so popular (thanks Oprah), the film would probably never have been made.  The fact that someone actually decided to make this movie (and keep it close to the book) shows that there is still hope left in cinema.<br /><br />The question is, did they pull it off?  More or less.  Everything pretty much hinges around John Hillcoat's direction and Viggo Mortensen's performance.  Hillcoat, director of the superb Australian western THE PROPOSITION (penned by this film's masterful composer, Nick Cave), keeps things bleak and dreary.  Even the camera angles, the color of the landscape (superb, by the way), the fall of the shadows...this film almost goes out of its way to depress the hell out of you.  As for Mortensen, he's delivered some fine cinematic performances before, but never quite on this scale.  I won't say this is his best performance to date, but it's certainly right up there.  He perfectly captures the angry love of a father for his son, love that almost borders on greed, the kind of love that actually requires a father to put a gun to his son's head.  Mortensen's performance will linger.<br /><br />The rest of the film may not.  Or it may, depending on if you've read the book, and if this kind of movie is your thing.  All of the performances are rock-solid; Charlize Theron, Robert Duvall, Garrett Dillahunt, and Guy Pearce all make the best of their respective cameos, and Kodi Smit-McPhee as the son is spectacular.  But the script is only so-so; faithful, yes, but we would have liked to have seen an extra spark to it, something to give McCarthy's already-beautiful prose visual life.  The end result is a film that is very well-made, but not as deep or penetrating as we might want it.  Dreary, yes; it's not for everyone.  If you like feel-good stories, then stay away; McCarthy's idea of hope borders on some people's concept of despair.  Yet, for those of you who enjoy a well-made film that serves as proof that quality filmmaking is not dead, then check out THE ROAD. It's well worth your while.spectacular.  But the script is only so-so; faithful, yes, but we would have liked to have seen an extra spark to it, something to give McCarthy's already-beautiful prose visual life.  The end result is a film that is very well-made, but not as deep or penetrating as we might want it.  Dreary, yes; it's not for everyone.  If you like feel-good stories, then stay away; McCarthy's idea of hope borders on some people's concept of despair.  Yet, for those of you who enjoy a well-made film that serves as proof that quality filmmaking is not dead, then check out THE ROAD. It's well worth your while.
B001HN6940|2.0|There's a lot of criticism focusing around Tim Burton at the moment and it's spiked at the release of this film. The major criticisms directed at Burton focus on his lack of any original ideas and the re-casting of the same actors in every film he makes. Johnny Depp is a great actor; I don't think anybody would deny this, but to cast him in almost every movie made by Burton is just insane and has become repetitive to the point it runs the possibility of damaging his career and casting a negative shadow over the serious roles he has played in the past and may play in the future. Anyway, back to the film...<br /><br />19 year old Alice Kingsleigh is a girl in a difficult situation. Haunted by weird dreams and still mourning the loss of her father, Alice is faced with the decision of deciding whether to marry a man she cannot foresee a life with, despite her family's wishes to marry the man in question. Events lead her to find herself falling down a hole, landing her in a place called Underland which is filled with a number of strange people and creatures and turns her perception of her own life upside down. Greeted by Doremouse, Tweedledum and Tweedledee, and the white rabbit, she is told that she is the right Alice and that it is her destiny to fight the Red Queen's Jabberwocky on Frabjous day to restore the White Queen to power.<br /><br />That is the general gist of the movie plot, but naturally, the story includes the legendary Mad Hatter (Depp) and other wondrous creatures which are lead by a truly brilliant cast. The main cast, both voicing and live action consist of Hatter (Depp), Red Queen (Helena Bonham-Carter), Absolem (Alan Rickman), Tweedledum & Dee (Matt Lucas), White Queen (Anne Hathaway), Nivens McTwisp (Michael Sheen) to name but a few. I would say that the cast are the real saviours of this film as without them, this would have been a bland attempt at re-inventing the Alice's Adventures in Wonderland story.<br /><br />I like Burton's work, I really do. Beetlejuice is up there as one of my all time favourites and Edward Scissorhands isn't far behind. But these were new and fresh ideas created solely from the mind of a genius; but his most recent works have simply been gothic reinventions of classic novels or movies we have all heard of at some point. This is where Burton fails in my head as, although I find his style of film making interesting and visually, the films become quite intriguing, it's all the same just with a different plot. It has come to a point where you can safely say to people that when you've seen one Burton movie, you've seen them all. When considering his works over the past decade, that couldn't be more true.<br /><br />That aside, I liked this film. It was a simple and easy way to kill a few hours and I have to admit that it was kind of interesting to see Burton's twist on this classic tale, so it's sort of understandable to see exactly why he still manages to release financially successful movies. I would recommend this if you already have the curiosity to see this, or if you have some time to kill; otherwise, if I were you, I just wouldn't bother.here as one of my all time favourites and Edward Scissorhands isn't far behind. But these were new and fresh ideas created solely from the mind of a genius; but his most recent works have simply been gothic reinventions of classic novels or movies we have all heard of at some point. This is where Burton fails in my head as, although I find his style of film making interesting and visually, the films become quite intriguing, it's all the same just with a different plot. It has come to a point where you can safely say to people that when you've seen one Burton movie, you've seen them all. When considering his works over the past decade, that couldn't be more true.     That aside, I liked this film. It was a simple and easy way to kill a few hours and I have to admit that it was kind of interesting to see Burton's twist on this classic tale, so it's sort of understandable to see exactly why he still manages to release financially successful movies. I would recommend this if you already have the curiosity to see this, or if you have some time to kill; otherwise, if I were you, I just wouldn't bother.
B001GJOL22|3.0|Rush at one time was the pinnacle of Musician's musicians. Guitar player god who is Alex Lifeson, Neil Peart who plays like Zeus, and Geddy Lee who sang so effortlessy (think Fly By Night). Geddy can't sing anymore. Rush doesn't play any songs that require Ged to sing in the high registers. When Geddy sings even basics like Limelight the discomfort of hearing him strain to reach the highs in the Chorus are awkward. Granted Rush are still top performers and musicians. But they haven't the musical chops to keep faithful to their fantastic catalog of songs. It's painful to watch them try to touch what once was a gold touch.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I went into this film with not much expectation if I'm honest. Even though it was a massive success in the box office and with critics, I just couldn't see myself enjoying it, but I must say I loved every minute. The special effects are really something astonishing in creating the world of Pandora, the Na'vi and everything else in between, but the story itself, although brilliant seemed fairly clich&eacute; and could have offered so much more had Cameron spent a little more time putting the story together. Although this is the result of over 15 years of work by Cameron, I just felt that, in the end, the story could have been so much better when you consider the immensity of the special effects and acting quality provided.<br /><br />The story focuses around Corporal Jake Sully, a crippled ex-marine called in to take part in the Avatar program as a replacement for his twin brother. This program puts him in the body of a Na'vi which are the native sapient humanoids of the Earth-like moon of the planet Polyphemus, Pandora. The human military are on this planet to mine a rare but valuable mineral called unobtanium and it is Jake's and the other members of the Avatar team to try and convince the Na'vi to leave their village to allow the humans to mine for the mineral. However, the Na'vi's relationship with nature is much more than just living side by side, their is a connection that humans cannot understand until they become one of them and Jake finds out the hard way, that his native species aren't the moral beings he thought they were.<br /><br />One thing I will say first of all is that this certainly a piece of artistic imagination with the creation of a whole new world and new species and have a great detail of information surrounding the creatures, plants and planet of this film. The character distinction between the Na'vi and Humans is something a little too familiar that some, more politically minded people, may find a tad uncomfortable as it's a blatant and tough reflection of the imperialists invading the native countries of a so-called savage race. Consider the British invasion and colonisation of America and the pillaging of the land of the native Americans, or even the British Empire as a whole and its war with the native African Zulu tribes. Up until even the 1930s we were still calling the native African tribes savages and using this rhetoric as a way of taking their land in the name of democracy and freedom. Perhaps I'm looking too much into it, but I found this to be a stark finger pointing at those who hold such opinions and may even be applied to the current \\"war\\" in Afghanistan and Iraq as many would question the real motives of being in these countries.<br /><br />The acting is splendid to say the least. Sam Rockwell does brilliantly as the main protagonist of the film in both his human and Na'vi form. Sigourney Weaver also plays an excellent hard ass scientist role and makes the film that little bit more entertaining. The Na'vi characters such as Zoe Saldana as Neytiri are brilliantly done and were created through a motion capture technique which is why the movement and behaviour of these creatures comes across so well on screen. By far though, the best character in this movie is the main antagonist Colonel Miles Quaritch played by Stephen Lang. He's the stereotypical army man; loyal to his code and his country and has total disregard for all those who associate themselves with the \\"enemy\\". He's cruel and sadistic and by far the most entertaining of all the cast.<br /><br />The planet is beautiful and the characters complex and interesting. However, I only wish that the story was the same as it felt so shallow and typical, but it was enjoyable nonetheless. Watch it, you'll love it.perialists invading the native countries of a so-called savage race. Consider the British invasion and colonisation of America and the pillaging of the land of the native Americans, or even the British Empire as a whole and its war with the native African Zulu tribes. Up until even the 1930s we were still calling the native African tribes savages and using this rhetoric as a way of taking their land in the name of democracy and freedom. Perhaps I'm looking too much into it, but I found this to be a stark finger pointing at those who hold such opinions and may even be applied to the current \\"war\\" in Afghanistan and Iraq as many would question the real motives of being in these countries.    The acting is splendid to say the least. Sam Rockwell does brilliantly as the main protagonist of the film in both his human and Na'vi form. Sigourney Weaver also plays an excellent hard ass scientist role and makes the film that little bit more entertaining. The Na'vi characters such as Zoe Saldana as Neytiri are brilliantly done and were created through a motion capture technique which is why the movement and behaviour of these creatures comes across so well on screen. By far though, the best character in this movie is the main antagonist Colonel Miles Quaritch played by Stephen Lang. He's the stereotypical army man; loyal to his code and his country and has total disregard for all those who associate themselves with the \\"enemy\\". He's cruel and sadistic and by far the most entertaining of all the cast.     The planet is beautiful and the characters complex and interesting. However, I only wish that the story was the same as it felt so shallow and typical, but it was enjoyable nonetheless. Watch it, you'll love it.
B00005JLXE|4.0|An A-plus report card brings young Matt Murdock to the docks to show his father. All he ever wanted was to please his dad and, as per his father's advice, \\"be a doctor, be a lawyer.\\" Except, stumbling upon his alcoholic, washed-up ex-boxer father as a leg breaker, Matt takes off on his skateboard in a hurry, only to accidentally run into a truck with barrels of radioactive liquid that--due to the forklift that just avoided him--has sliced the barrels open, the stuff inside spraying Matt in the face, causing him to go blind. But all is not darkness because he also mysteriously inherited a strange \\"radar sense\\" that enables him to see in a sort of X-ray way because of his newfound ability to convert sound waves into sight.<br /><br />Him and his father vow to fix their relationship and their life, promise to never give up and be fearless, and embark on a journey to perfect themselves and hit the comeback trail--Matt via the books and honing his senses and disciplining his body; his father to enter the ring once more. With Matt by his side, Jack \\"the devil\\" Murdock makes good on that promise, but a fateful night in the ring changes everything and Matt promises from then on to stick up for those who can't defend themselves and watch out for the long shots like he and his father were.<br /><br />Now, all grown-up, he's a lawyer by day and masked crimefighter by night. His name: Daredevil.<br /><br />And he's not the only one who wants a piece of New York. Crime boss the Kingpin (Michael Clarke Duncan) is on the rise, as is his hired goon, Bullseye (Colin Farrell). Adding to matters, Elektra Natchios (Jennifer Garner)--a shapely martial arts master--has her sites on Daredevil (Ben Affleck) as well, leading us into a battle for New York, for vengeance, and for those who have been a victim of crime.<br /><br />For some reason a lot of people didn't like this movie. I thought it was great. I liked the overall story; the costumes (except Bullseye's); the atmospheric New York City; the sense of darkness Matt Murdock carried within himself; Elektra's close relationship with her father; Foggy Nelson (Jon Favreau) and his being a \\"come-with\\" guy--very enjoyable. There was a sense of humanity about this version of Daredevil that I was able to relate to on a lot of levels.<br /><br />The fight scenes were nothing short of amazing, especially that barroom brawl where Daredevil clears the room. I remember seeing that in the trailer and just being absolutely stoked.<br /><br />Who cares that Kingpin was black? So what? The dude's one of my favourite actors and it was interesting to see him play the bad guy as he's usually the nice, innocent one, but for some reason people didn't like the character being black in this. It doesn't matter, folks. He did a good job.<br /><br />The whole Matt Murdock-Elektra/Daredevil-Elektra relationship was well-handled, in my opinion, and I particularly enjoyed how those elements intertwined with each other throughout the film.<br /><br />If I was going to criticise a few things--and while I enjoyed Daredevil's gallivanting throughout New York--his spinning jumps and aerial movies were very similar to Spider-Man's (who made his feature film debut the year before Daredevil came out), and some of the stuff Daredevil was able to do was pretty farfetched. I mean, I don't care how awesome you are at acrobatic stuff or if you're more fit than Bruce Lee on his best day, but falling face first toward a window washer's station at lightning speed won't get slowed down by doing a somersault in the air so you could land on your feet. You'd break your legs and die from the impact. But whatever. It's superheroes, so I overlook most of the impossible these guys accomplish. Just goes with the understanding superheroes can do things we can't, whether realistic or not.<br /><br />That's really my only critique. I liked everything else. Wasn't crazy about Bulleye's costume. Would like to have seen him as more of a stealth assassin.I also don't read Daredevil comics so I can't tell you if this is a faithful adaptation or not. I know Daredevil's back story and a bit about some past adventures, but that's about it.<br /><br />I haven't seen the director's cut of this either, so need to get around to doing that.<br /><br />Still a good movie and I'm proud to have it in my superhero movie collection.<br /><br />If you like superhero flicks, you'll like Daredevil.<br /><br />A.P. Fuchs<br />Canister Xhful adaptation or not. I know Daredevil's back story and a bit about some past adventures, but that's about it.    I haven't seen the director's cut of this either, so need to get around to doing that.    Still a good movie and I'm proud to have it in my superhero movie collection.    If you like superhero flicks, you'll like Daredevil.    A.P. Fuchs  Canister X
B000V6I7WG|5.0|A movie driven by madness is the shortest and best way I can sum up this film as it seems to be a plot focusing around which man can be the most insane; the one seeking revenge against his captor or the one who has done the capturing. I will need to be careful as the way the film's structured, in order to really tell anything of the story, I may have to spoil a few important moments of the movie so you have been warned.<br /><br />The story focuses around a man known as Dea-Su who, at the start of the film is seen drunk, being held at a police station waiting for his friend to pick him up and take him home. Suddenly Dae-Su goes missing and wakes up a few days later locked in a room with no knowledge or where he is or why he's there. He is locked in captivity for 15 years and is released without warning. Driven mad by his own solitary confinement, upon release he immediately sets upon a mission to find his captor and discover the reason for his imprisonment.<br /><br />While out he encounters a young girl named Mi-do, a sushi chef who takes pity on him and brings him into her home as he has nowhere else to go. Dae-Su, discovers that his captor is an old school friend by the name Lee Woo-Jin and the reason behind the imprisonment is that Dae-Su never kept his mouth shut and spread a rumour that destroyed Woo-Jin's family. Driven by the passion for revenge against Dae-Su, he looks to destroy Dae-Su in the same way that the rumours destroyed him.<br /><br />The film itself takes on a comic book style of storytelling, darting from one scene to the next whilst consistently narrating the story to explain exactly what's going on. The character of Dae-Su is a fairly complicated one, but turns into a sort of anti-hero movie as he moves from one depraved and sadistic act to the next in order to find the answer to the question of why. Park Chan-wook does a splendid job of directing this and it's something you can really get into, once you have become used to following the subtitles and the on-screen action simultaneously.<br /><br />The acting is superb, especially that of Choi Min-Sik (Dae-Su) as he portrays a man driven mad by his captivity and his own passion for revenge superbly. The main antagonist, Lee Woo-Jin, played by Yu Ji-Tae is played so well, the character itself is as disturbing as I'm sure he was intended to appear. Almost too cool and calm to be the villain of the piece, I found myself expecting something more behind the whole scheme as he certainly did not initially appear to be the man who would be behind this torture of Dae-Su.<br /><br />Overall, this is simply a masterpiece of Asian Cinema and it is unfortunate, in a way, that the only real way we would get movies this masterful in the west, is if they were independent films that would ultimately not get the exposure they would deserve because the premise and outcome of the film aren't commercial. The worst news possible, relating to this film, is that there was a planned American remake and would undoubtedly poison the brilliance of this absolute masterpiece by putting a pointlessly optimistic spin on the story. Thankfully, it doesn't look like this will be happening, so I would strongly recommend this for the purposes of witnessing brilliant storytelling very rarely seen.n action simultaneously.     The acting is superb, especially that of Choi Min-Sik (Dae-Su) as he portrays a man driven mad by his captivity and his own passion for revenge superbly. The main antagonist, Lee Woo-Jin, played by Yu Ji-Tae is played so well, the character itself is as disturbing as I'm sure he was intended to appear. Almost too cool and calm to be the villain of the piece, I found myself expecting something more behind the whole scheme as he certainly did not initially appear to be the man who would be behind this torture of Dae-Su.     Overall, this is simply a masterpiece of Asian Cinema and it is unfortunate, in a way, that the only real way we would get movies this masterful in the west, is if they were independent films that would ultimately not get the exposure they would deserve because the premise and outcome of the film aren't commercial. The worst news possible, relating to this film, is that there was a planned American remake and would undoubtedly poison the brilliance of this absolute masterpiece by putting a pointlessly optimistic spin on the story. Thankfully, it doesn't look like this will be happening, so I would strongly recommend this for the purposes of witnessing brilliant storytelling very rarely seen.
B003H8BCZY|2.0|OK the listing is Cat Stevens - Tea for the Tillerman (DVD) and you've started salivating.   Sorry to have to inform you but it's LIVE.  The title is - A Classic Concert - Cat Stevens - Tea For The Tillerman Live.  The information on the box is non-English (Spanish?) but regardless it's him and two other gentlemen performing to a small studio crowd.  Front speakers only, maybe stereo.  Video and sound meddlin (fair) at best, sadly nothing to get excited about.  So unless you have to see and hear everything by Cat Stevens I would recommend passing on this one.  The animated short film of the same title is also included.  I believe the LIVE part has been deliberately not disclosed to sell this it to the unsuspecting.
B000RO9PXC|3.0|Live in Boston, 1970, Jim Morrison and the Doors take the stage to an enthusiastic audience, an early and late show. The band was tight and Morrison was feeling alright, alright...yes, Jim was intoxicated, so what, this was probably the case with all Doors live shows. The main problem with this live show is the recorded sound, the instruments drown Morrison's vocals out at some points, the vocals are not vital, not prominent, maybe caused from the arena sound. Jim Morrison wasn't at his very best on these Boston shows, like some quarterbacks in the NFL, on some days they are right on, and other days they couldn't throw a loaf of bread. It's like I always say about these type of recordings, it's the historical documentation factor that accounts and overrules all bounderies and obstacles, especially live in concert. This is a three disc set, a digipak, the disc slide tightly in the cardboard holders, would rather have the plastic disc holders, for extra protection. Disc 1 is the first show, disc 2&3 are the second. Overall not a bad recording, not a great recording, it is \\"The Doors\\". Just had to hear this show after reading all the positive reviews, about \\"Tanji town\\" Jim Morrison.
B002RSDW80|4.0|A young couple takes a cramped apartment in Queens. He's a writer for Archaeology Magazine; she's a frustrated writer also, muddling along in a government office answering questions for 9/11 survivors and feeling depressed and stressed from her job. Her method of unwinding is cooking, which is highly appreciated by her husband, who is supportive and a good listener.<br /><br />Then one day she hits upon an epiphany of sorts; she will work her way through Julia Child's cookbook, all 524 recipes, and assign herself a 365-day deadline. So she will follow through with her plan, she starts a blog and begins to gain a following.<br /><br />Paralleling this storyline is the actual story of Julia Child's (Meryl Streep) start as a reknowned chef, from her move to Paris with her government-official husband (Stanley Tucci, quietly wonderful) to her entering Le Cordon Bleu cooking school as a way to give her life meaning. No one but Streep could pull this off so well - she has Child down cold. Tucci plays her husband Paul with grace and style, a minor bureaucrat who indulges his rather over-the-top wife in every instance, while quietly worrying about his own government position.<br /><br />The movie goes back and forth between storylines, with Julia coming off as the more level of the two chefs (Julie is played by Amy Adams, her husband by Chris Messina). Julia is not rattled by anything but steams ahead like an ocean liner; Julie, working against her self-imposed deadline, gets more frazzled and exhausted by the day, holding down her thankless job and rushing home to cook the next recipe.<br /><br />In a year top-heavy with good performances, Streep shone in her role; but perhaps it was inevitable that she would lose Best Actress, simply because we expect her to be that good. And the movie was light fare, not quite Oscar material, but a romp anyway. All the other roles in this movie were also played faultlessly, and the story is true, which makes it nicer. It's a worthwhile 2 hours, and probably worth a second viewing in a few months.ond viewing in a few months.
6305428522|2.0|I would have given this DVD only 1-star, but the movie is so good it earns 2. The picture quality on this set is just awful. It's non-anamorphic and has black bars not only on the top and bottom, but on the sides as well. What you get is what looks like a zoomed out picture that is also fuzzy. There are no bonus materials except trailers, but I don't care about that. This movie was nominated for 4 Academy Awards and it really deserves a re-release with better picture quality.
B002JCSWV6|5.0|Saying Clint Eastwood is prolific and accomplished in all things film is like saying the Pope knows religion. Mr Eastwood surrounds himself with worthy backup; he has tirelessly absorbed more education on filming, composing, directing, and acting than possibly anyone else working today; and he has an eye for a story. His most recent work, \\"Invictus\\", is proof positive.<br /><br />It is a history lesson that is watchable, human, and brave. Nelson Mandela came out of years of incarceration in a tiny cell to lead his country with a measure of strength and forgiveness that is reminiscent of Gandhi. That he emerged from such a trial without bitterness and with such wisdom is a miracle.<br /><br />Upon his winning presidency of South Africa, Mandela - played with absolute conviction by the great Morgan Freeman - becomes convinced that the way to bring the wounded, racially divided country together is to make the national rugby team shine. The Springboks are sort of the Detroit Lions of rugby, with the diffrence being they are the ONLY team in the country. And at the time of the story, they are perennially in the cellar of the rugby world.<br /><br />Mandela's eye is caught by the forthright leader of the Springboks, played by Matt Damon, who does his usual excellent acting as well as a pretty good go at a South African accent. Between the two of them, Mandela and Francois encourage the beaten team to greater and greater heights, until they enter the World Cup as worthy frontrunners.<br /><br />Set against the turbulent time period as South Africa moved away from apartheid, it is a film powerful in scope, restrained in portrayal, and not without a few red herrings thrown in to keep the viewer just a little off-balance.The performances are all spot-on; the direction is superb. This is a keeper - one that holds a rightful place in a home library.
1419553429|5.0|I strongly disagree with the one-star review given here and feel compelled to give my own take.<br /><br />This books is tough and painful to get through.  But, if you are serious about getting into a Top 10 Business School, then this is the best book you can get.  Look, if you are even considering a Top 10 school you probably score reasonably well on the GMAT to begin with.  This book is a collection of the toughest questions that can be found.  It gives some guidance on how to get through the questions, but the real value is simply going through them all and figuring out the patterns yourself.  I was scoring in the high 600's before this book.  I then spent about an hour every night going through it until I had done every question in every section twice.  It was painful, to be sure, but the 780 I got at the end of it all made it all worthwhile.<br /><br />This book is not for everyone.  If you are an average test taker or student you will simply find this book to be too nuanced and specific for your needs and it will likely not help you much.  But, if you are a serious candidate for the top schools, this is a really great book and is something I recommend to everyone I meet who is applying to top tier b-schools.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|FINALLY, a Batman film that is more true to the comics!  Dark and witty at the same time.  And finally an actor that *looks* the part of a fit crime fighter.
B002ZCY7SW|4.0|Beware of Spoilers in the review:    first it is ironically not too sad that this is really the final (8th) season of 24. Jack is back and in the beginning he  just wants to go home with his family (Kim, her husband and his cute grand daughter). A lot had happened since the last  season and Jack is fortunately cured (we could not imagine). Now, in New York he's facing a new threat by terrorists from a country \\"something\\" like Iran (it is been altered for television reason not to mention Iran directly) so they changed it to the Republic of Kamistan.    Their prime minister Omar Hassan is negotiated a peace treaty between their countries, also involves a third party: Russia.  We all remember President Yuri Suvarov from the fifth season and \\"bad man\\" former president Charles Logan will also return for this final season: and something will be final for him, too.    As Jack uncovers the whole plot behind the killing of his partner and relationship: Agent Rene Walker (Anne Wirsching) he gone beserk. He's following the people behind the assassination, torturing them and finally killing them all.     Until one point in this season he is against everybody: even President Taylor (but for good reasons). Otherwise nothing justifies the carnage he executes!    Taylor is extremely manipulated by Charles Logan, who's willing to make this peace agreement happen, at all costs.    Watching this final season shows some old friends again, like Chloe (she has some vital scenes with Jack), Kim Bauer (unfortunately only some scence with this beauty, but ok. many scences in the previous seasons where really boring sometimes: nobody runs that bad luck all the time!!)    Tony Almeida is never present in the eighth season, recalling the amount of body parts he's left in the last seasons, he's in prison this time for sure...    But Jack does similar in this, he's really a madman who wants revenge at all costs, even he is unwilling to see or admit it.     In the end you always thinking is thisreally wrong what Jack does or is it justice. Well, first of all this is a televison drama, so not for real. But sometimes it seems like a big computer game and you are Jack Bauer.    Don't get me wrong, but what Jack does is not right! Finally the President makes up her mind and does the right thing at the end, Jack gets finally shot by a killing squad, but Taylor saves him the last second.    Sometimes this episode is a little bit like season 5, because of many Logan scences in the second half, otherwise Jack Bauer is on the run again, with no hope of getting away with all the crimes, he commited in his rage...    At the end Chloe and he look at each other (he in New York somewhere/she at the CTU New York) with a videoline/camera, he thanks her for stopping this maniac tour before it's too late. Chloe cries and wishes him good look and for the first and last time the clock is seen and runs backwards: 003 ... 002 ... 001     The end of 24 !    jw
0670021652|5.0|I absolutely loved Eat, Pray, Love.  Naturally, I bought Elizabeth Gilbert's sequel to it and read it in a couple of weeks (which is fast for me with all the things I'm busy with nowadays).  It is wonderful!  I could relate to most of her thoughts and I learned a lot about the institution of marriage in other countries and the history of it in my own country.  It was an enlightening and pleasant journey!
B001M5UDGS|5.0|Actually, you'll love this anyway.  I don't know you--I don't know whether you're male or female, young or old, cool or nerdy, but this is great.  It's funny and poignant and self-aware and it left me wanting more.
0061689246|4.0|After seeing the movie, I was intrigued and decided a reading of the book was a must.  It is both light and fun, but I was shocked when there was sex.  I'd planned to let my son read it, but now I'll need to read it out loud.  It was also astonishingly short.  I started the book at 3 in the afternoon, and finished by 8 that night.  While I do read quick, I'm by no means a speed reader.<br /><br />Near the mid-point of the story, Neil Gaiman changes from writing each adventure the couple go through to briefly mentioning them in the past tense.  'This happened, and they escaped like this, then this happened and they escaped by doing this...'  Thus a large period of time is covered and you find yourself at the end of the book.  That was the biggest disappointment.  The small stories teased you with their descriptions, but don't give details.  Like a really great movie trailer that never intends to be a movie.<br /><br />To summarize, the book is a lot of fun, but it makes one wish it was filled out just a little bit more.
B001HN69B8|2.0|Unfortunately, this movie is fairly typical of Terry Gilliam's movies. It has moments of some very cool visuals and interesting characters but the story is disjointed and vague. It seems like he was never really sure on where he wanted to go with this movie and as a result it just kind of meanders from one scene to another without any clear connection between them. If you like Gilliam's stuff, you'll probably like this but I classify this movie as a renter, not something I would own and watch repeatedly.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I bought this CD for Smooth.  The CD is award winning, and for a reason.  It's excellent.
B002ZFQD0E|4.0|This CD is amazing! Very deep, complex, innovative and soulful. Has to be one of the top releases of 2010. The lyrics and musicians on here are truly wonderful. People that love music and wrap themselves in it will see (or hear!) that this is a great CD. Combines many styles and great production into a deep, rich album.    Update: 10/6/10    Still amazing! I always seem to come back to this amazing CD. I already see it is on the top CD's (Amazons) of 2010. Well deserved. Hope everyone finds this gem!
B0036EH3WU|5.0|Lost is a show that is totally about the characters, weaving excellent stories around characters that everyone will rally around - coming from a very WIDE variety of origins.    But what makes it so much different from other shows, it leaves you wondering, and while some may throw stones at loose ends, and Lost never really explaining itself, that sense of wonder, of feeling like you're on this fantastic island with polar bears and smoke monsters, wondering if the Others are right around the corner.  Even to the end of the series, there will still be loose ends - however, that's not to the show's detriment.    By the time you arrive at the end, hopefully you will see that it's the journey everyone went on, and not the loose ends, that is the true story of lost.  How a plane full of people can crash, survive, and endure adversity.  Lost is a show that will definitely change the face of American TV because it has such an emotional impact, and ends exactly how the writers wanted it to.  Lost is akin to a good novel, rather than a mindless television show, and one that will continue to let the users think, debate, and try to figure out stuff for years, if not decades, to come.    The short of it: This is going to become a Christmas present to my family members who like Lost, but don't have any of the existing seasons on DVD.
B003BYYDXW|5.0|This album is amaizng!  Justin worked so hard on this, he deserves all the love he gets!  i love it! (:
B002UZCJP2|3.0|This director made T3.  It was suck.  He also made U-571.  It was good.  Now, Surrogates, it is very good.  I like this kind of movei, and am satisfied with this si-fi plot.  OK, some says that there is no originality.  But I could enjoy it.  Good enough.  I found Rosamund Pike is amazing.
B001SRC9P8|3.0|If you haven't read the book and saw a promo for the new TV show that will air on June 8th 8/7c at ABC and caught yourself thinking... \\"Is this some type of a Gossip Girl wanna be?\\" I'm telling you right now. It's not. At this point it is really hard to say which show is more scandalous. Here are some Promo photos and promo videos shared by Meg Roberts of New Media Strategies.    Pretty Little Liar starts with five friends.. The \\"It\\" girls of Rosewood Day. A private school in Pennsylvania. Four girls bonded by their leader. Allison.After the \\"Jenna thing.\\"    Everybody seems to love and worship Allison, even though her personality is a bit rotten. She sounded great. Pretty, fun to be with, full of life but she is also one manipulative biatch! Ger clique harbors a lot of personal secret that only she knew and promise not to tell, until she disappeared...    It has a Sorority Row and Gossip Girl feel to me. Pretty girl suddenly disappears, the rich and the bratty, and scandalous secrets. I think I like it a lot. Each girls have their own charming secret.    Spencer Hastings is extremely competitive, no matter what she do, she's always been second best at everything. And have this unfortunate attraction to her sister's boyfriends / ex-boyfriends.    Emily Fields, swim champ and the most demure of them all but is seems like she might be a lesbian. In a suburban town which her parents might also be a racist, not good.    Aria Montgometry struggled to fit in and like normal Rosewood boys, after being a resident of Iceland, European culture has changed \\"Identity crisis Aria\\" into \\"Icelandic Aria\\", bold, fearless and seductive. It shouldn't be a problem when she met this guy named Ezra at a pub and made out with him but the shock of finding out that he is her English teacher, not as cool.    Hanna Marin. She was the chubby girl of the group until three years later. She transformed herself as this popular and perfect girl in her high school. But that does not come without aprice. Along with her fabulous physique is an eating disorder, and occasional shop lifting at high end clothing and jewelry shops.    I like it for the most part. I kept an excited face in the prospect of reading about \\"Jenna thing\\", only to be disappointed that it is not all there. Only vague references that it is something really big. And Who the hell is the \\"A\\" person that keeps sending them text messages, IMs or e-mails about their most guarded secret. I'm pretty sure it is not Allison because of the last chapters of this book. So who is it then? Ahh the suspense!!
B00319ECC4|5.0|It's been almost a decade since Fear Factory has shown the same intensity of their first three albums. That's a long time. I really can't name any song that drew me in since then besides \\"540,000 Degrees Fahrenheit\\".<br /><br />People want to argue that this isn't true FF without Raymond, because he more-or-less was the 1st to bring his trademark mechanical, double bass drumming style. I can go with that to an extent, but seriously, if anyone can't tell that Ray's over the hill as far as his intensity and workmanship, you might want to get your hearing checked. The majority of what he's come up with (seemingly last-second) in the studio for almost 10 years has been anything but as innovative and crushing as in his early days. He must've just lost the spark. Arkea is a joke and even worse than Divine Heresey(a band that once had a decent vocalist that held back Dino n' Tim's excellent music from being great; should've gone instrumental but they/record company must not have had the balls for it).<br /><br />This version of FF IS the current Fear Factory, because there are two original members in it for one, and for two--they're revitalized and are making quality music that stands up to the vintage FF. Ray and Christian can cry all they want, but until they make anything as good as \\"Mechanize\\" they'll be nu-metal geezers riding the latest trends in my opinion.<br /><br />As for the album, the lyrics are heart-felt and are much more mature with less of that unimaginative, childish angst that so many classic metal bands have resorted to lately in order to get big sales from teenagers who continue to lack the brainpower to accept intelligent lyrics(i.e. Slayer,Deicide,Cannibal Corpse,etc.). Especially with \\"Final Exit\\",they've shown a sense of maturity that might be the first of its kind for FF. Burt's vocals are spot-on as usual(he's always been iffy live, but he can nail it in the studio),Dino is Dino and brings the excellence that was heard in Divine Heresey,Byron does his job well,and Gene manages to do his too--although I expected a bit more off-the-wall and less straight-forward mechanical drumming(but I guess that's what the band was trying to get back to with this one, so maybe the next time they'll let up the reigns on him a bit).<br /><br />Great album if you love FF; you might find it lacking somehow if you're on the nu-metal half of the old FF's cojones, or actually like that radio-friendly junk that so many good bands tend to resort to after a few decent first albums(i.e. Korn,Slipknot,etc.).anages to do his too--although I expected a bit more off-the-wall and less straight-forward mechanical drumming(but I guess that's what the band was trying to get back to with this one, so maybe the next time they'll let up the reigns on him a bit).    Great album if you love FF; you might find it lacking somehow if you're on the nu-metal half of the old FF's cojones, or actually like that radio-friendly junk that so many good bands tend to resort to after a few decent first albums(i.e. Korn,Slipknot,etc.).
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Soo.... how does this series end?    Very well.    Do we find out what the Dharma Initiative was really doing, where it came from, and what happenned to it afterwards?  Nope.    Do we find out what the giant statue was on the island, and where the temple came from? Nope.    Do we learn about Jacob and the Smoke Monster? Yes!    With so much enigma through to the end of the show, there is a lot of room for people to be thoroughly ticked off that their favorite plot line didn't get resolved.  But let's face it, it's Lost, and it has NEVER fully explained much of anything.    It has, however, been about the characters.  That is where this season truly shines.    That's also where the ending shines.  The last episode of Lost brings resolution to one of the primary character's story in Lost, and the ending is, far and away, one of the most poetic and powerful endings to an American show I have seen a VERY long time.  It also seems more like an ending from a good novel, rather than the usual, run of the mill, television show ending.    This show has set the bar VERY high for drama shows, and for that reason alone, it is worth owning Lost.  I highly recommend the sixth season if you have any of the prior seasons.  You also might want to look at the complete collection if you are missing a significant number of the seasons.
B0012GMZDG|5.0|This product does not nee a review. You like Jeff Beck???..... Buy it. It's wonderful.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|I am totally baffled that THE YOUNG VICTORIA did not achieve acting awards from BAFTA and the Academy Awards USA but it DID win BAFTA Awards for Best Costume Design and Best Makeup and Hair, and  Sandy Powell got her third Academy Award for Best Achievement in Costume Design.    This never to be repeated film deals with the early life of Queen Victoria and it uses the Windsor Castle banquet hall, Kensington Palace, Buckingham Palace and even Westminster Abbey for the spectacular  coronation scene. Canadian Patrice Vermette and Brit Maggie Gray were meticulous in duplicating set design for blue blood residences of 1830's Britain, Germany, and Belgium and the original music by Ilan Eshkeri is too beautiful for words.Anyone who views the film and misses the Sinead O'Connor song that is played at the end has truly lost something of great beauty.    I had never really seen Emily Blunt or Rupert Friend in other films before this so I had no illusions about their looking and acting like the perfect regal  couple who did their best  to both make up for coming from dysfunctional royal families.      Thomas Kretschmann is believeable as the very dominant and aggressive first King of the Belgians.  Mark Strong is physically overpowering as the domineering alcoholic  assistant to the Queen's Mother played by Miranda Richardson and Harriet Walter plays a sympathetic and wise royal counsel as Queen Adelaide whom very few people knew anything about before viewing this film.    I tend to love period films but this film in particular truly captures the essence of Queen Victoria's early life in the royal \\"fish bowl\\".  IT IS A MUST SEE FOR ANYONE INTERESTED IN THE ROYAL FAMILY, ANYONE INTERESTED IN THE BRITAIN OF THE 1830's, OR ANYONE INTERESTED IN TRULY WELL MADE HISTORICAL FILMS.     I almost forgot to mention that as a Canadian I am extremely proud that Quebec director Jean-Marc Vallee  was brought over to Britain as someone perhaps freer than a British citizen of preconceived notions about Prince Albert and Queen Victoria. As a Quebec sovereigntist, he doubtless had none of the possible sycophantic admiration for the blood royal that a European director might have. At the very least, he brought a   Commonwealth perspective on Canada's and Britain's royal family that freed him a bit perhaps to portray this couple simply as intense HUMAN BEINGS AND ROMANTIC LOVERS  who happened to be caught up in the constitutional controversies of 1830's Britain.
061891868X|3.0|Dr.Smolin's book makes the primary argument that theoretical physics has lost its way in the past 30 years by not contributing to our further understanding of the laws of Physics. Thirty years is a long time in modern science and so he believes that Physics is in trouble. The main reason for this state of affairs, he contends, is the enormous focus on String theory to the exclusion of every other approach. String theorists attempt to formulate a 'theory of everything' that integrates all the particles and forces of Nature. In Smolin's opinion, this attempt has failed since the theory has not been testable at all and that the nature of this theory makes it unverifiable in the sense that no experiment will be able to prove it true or false.<br /><br />Dr.Smolin postulates that any fundamental theory of Nature must answer the 'Five problems' which represent the boundaries of present knowledge of Nature. The five problems are:<br />1. The problem of quantum gravity which combines general relativity and quantum theory into one.<br />2. The foundational problem of quantum mechanics where the theory has to integrate the observer. At present, quantum mechanics does not describe Reality in 'our' absence.<br />3.The problem of whether the various particles and forces can be unified in a theory that explains them all as manifestations of a single fundamental entity.<br />4. The problem of arriving at how the values of the free constants in the standard model of particle physics are chosen in nature.<br />5. The problem of dark matter and dark energy and whether they exist etc.<br /><br />The author's argument is that string theory fails in the test to answer these questions.<br /><br />I found the first two sections of the book quite interesting though my knowledge of physics is not strong enough to understand and evaluate all the arguments advanced by the author. However, even for a popular science reader like me, some of the conclusions deriving from string theory seem bizarre and complicated. For example, the theory says that the universe actually exists in 10 dimensions and not four. It says that there could be as many as 10 ^ 500 universes (multiverses) possible according to string theory! It postulates new particles which are as yet undiscovered and not possible to discover even with the large amounts of energy generated by the LHC.<br /><br />The latter parts of the book are more about the sociology of doing science nowadays and the need to change the ways universities do research in theoretical physics. According to the author, if we're to save theoretical physics, we need to nurture more \\"seers\\" (fundamental thinkers) in physics, who do not chase after  the current fashion in physics, but  try to examine the very foundation of theoretical physics. This is in contrast to nurturing 'craftspeople' who simply work within the existing framework.<br /><br />The book is not an easy read for one who is not well versed in the current advances in particle physics. However, one can still get a good idea of what the problem is and where the science is at present. I would recommend it for people who are interested in the standard model of particle physics and the challenges to this model.says that the universe actually exists in 10 dimensions and not four. It says that there could be as many as 10 ^ 500 universes (multiverses) possible according to string theory! It postulates new particles which are as yet undiscovered and not possible to discover even with the large amounts of energy generated by the LHC.     The latter parts of the book are more about the sociology of doing science nowadays and the need to change the ways universities do research in theoretical physics. According to the author, if we're to save theoretical physics, we need to nurture more \\"seers\\" (fundamental thinkers) in physics, who do not chase after  the current fashion in physics, but  try to examine the very foundation of theoretical physics. This is in contrast to nurturing 'craftspeople' who simply work within the existing framework.    The book is not an easy read for one who is not well versed in the current advances in particle physics. However, one can still get a good idea of what the problem is and where the science is at present. I would recommend it for people who are interested in the standard model of particle physics and the challenges to this model.
B001FB5634|5.0|I recommend this film.  The film is not the novel which is a beautiful prose poem.  But the cinematography, in dvd or blue-ray, dazzles the viewer.  The acting deserves awards.  Near the beginning of the film I think the director shows footage he took at the site of Mount Saint Helens.  But for me, the story pulled me in.  I saw the movie first and then read the book.        Rent or buy this film.  If you think the premise impossible, check a Scientific American article called, \\"Nuclear Weapons in a New World\\", about limited or small nuclear exchanges such as between India and Pakistan.  Such a confrontation could kick up enough dust to block the sun around much of the world, decreasing the oceanic plankton growth, for ten years.        The film version of The Road is a modern post Armageddon folktale with unlikely but necessary plot limitations, such as a scarcity rather than a total lack of food.  Like many of you, I thought about how even canned food would go bad within a few years and most other food, processed or not, would rot before the story gets to where it starts.   The implausibility of the story in no way detracts from the story.  People have suspended their disbelief while reading or hearing stories for thousands of years.  The search for food propels the plot from one scene to the next, allowing the story teller to do what he wants to do and tell his story.        As in science fiction, a cousin genre to this story, this is a story about the present.  As the fish, plant life, animals other than humans, die at a very fast pace around this planet Earth, more every day, we all might be characters in this story.  Today, humans judge one another very strongly, and quickly, to be bad people, if not dark and evil.  We see a predator around every corner.  Our families are separated from other families and individuals are separated by ideas and beliefs.  There may be seven billion people in the world but friend is lining up against friend, ideas are lining up against ideas.  One billion people, more than there were people in the world one hundred and fifty years ago, live close to starvation around the world today, including in the United States of America.  Rich or poor, although we need to protect our children, many of us believe we need to protect our children from other people and other ideas.        Without going too deeply into the story for those who want to read or watch it, Cormac McCarthy spell bounds the reader or listener with his character development of a father and his son trying to survive in a world where they need to feel some purpose and meaning by inventing goals, such as traveling south or to the ocean, without knowing whether going south will help their circumstances in any way.  In a world where most of the human race and most animals have died because of some vague catastrophe, this father wants, rather than needs, to raise his son.  (The book gives more clues about the cause of the planetary wide mass extinction of life on Earth.)  Even his mother could not dig deep enough inside herself to want to go on living in a world without enough other people and without a society holding people together.   No social system exists any longer to tell anyone what is right or wrong, good or bad, or good and evil.   The boy's father finds books to teach his son to read in a world that does not include humans in its future.  The father passes his message of civilization onto his son the only way he can.  While telling his son about a world with a community of people, the two of them live separate from the few other people alive in the world who are broken down into either the good people or the cannibals.  As the plot progresses, this dichotomy of good and cannibal blurs.    The boy rarely sees any other people.  When he does, they are starving and trying to survive the only way they know how.  Sometimes they don't behave so well.  If they eat other people, they are called cannibals.  The final scene in the story, after the father dies, shows the boy reaching out to others.      There are other scenes earlier where the boy reaches out to an old man and another where he reaches out to the first other boy close to his own age he has ever seen.  His father grabs him and stops him from communicating with the old man and tells the boy not to hold his hand.  For one evening, the father shares some food and conversation with the old man.  But the father believes getting attached to another human being is too great a risk.  The next morning he tells the old man to go his own way.  The father believes he cannot afford to trust anyone.  When the boy, by chance, sees another fearful boy walk by, he chases him only to have his father stop him.  The boy wants to bring trust back into the world and associate with other people.  Before a child is ten years old, he will play with any other child, until his parent tells him he does not want him playing with a child who has cancer, cerebral palsy, autism, a different color skin, a different religion, a different nationality, a parent with liberal ideas, and the list can go on for pages.        But, the boy does learn a story about people being good to one another, from his father, that he can pass on to others in spite of the fact that every waking traumatic moment is a horror to the father and this is the only world the boy knows.  Cannibalistic groups of men and women hunt other humans for food and a violent death is an ever present fact throughout the story.  The reader or viewer needs to suspend disbelief once again.  Young children growing up with Europe as their playground during World War Two learned a different lesson while they scrapped for food in and out of the towns.  But such children still had a world of people out there, not participating directly in the war, holding the infrastructure of society together.  McCarthy gives this boy no such world.   Yet, with one insect finally flying by our protagonist, the viewer feels hope,if not for humans, then for life on the earth.        And this is where we the reader might notice something.  If you saw or read McCarthy's story No Country for Old Men, you might remember something about someone mentioning carrying the fire in the horn.  Once again, in this story the characters pass on the fire from one generation to the next.  This is what the father does, the son learns to do, and Cormac McCarthy continues to do.     This is a story about the present.  This is not a story about the future.
B0039TD7PY|5.0|The James Taylor Carole King Troubadour reunion DVD was an awesome renewal for me and my wife of 37 years. We can remember the first time we heard Fire and Rain on the radio and where we were. If you are. JT and CK fan, this is a jewel!!
B0012GMYUU|5.0|This also does not need a review. It's Jeff Beck!!! No one else does it like him. If your a fan, buy it.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I'm a big fan of board games, so much so I'm terrified the huge collection of them in my closet will someday collapse and bury me alive. Settlers of Catan is the game that gets played most in my family. Why? Several reasons:<br />1. The whole fantasy of settling an island, building roads, ports and cities is fun.<br />2. It has a perfect mix of strategy and luck.<br />3. Anyone age eight and up can play and have an almost equal chance of winning. I'll help the kids choose their starting places, but after that, they're on their own--and they do win as often as the adults do.<br />4. While the instructions seem complicated at first, once you start playing, you discover the rules are actually brilliantly simple.<br />5. Because you assemble the island before you start, you can make it a different game every time you play.<br />6. The Seafarer's Expansion makes the game even better.<br />7. Games are neither too short nor too long.<br />8. Everyone plays with ever turn, so no one gets bored waiting for his or her turn.<br /><br />My only quibbles:<br />1. You can only play the game with 3-4 players, although expansion packs let you play with 5-6.<br />2. The cardboard pieces have warped over time, although this could be because a young guest accidentally turned ours into her own \\"seafarer's edition\\" by spilling water on it. The game isn't cheap, so it's a shame the pieces aren't made of sturdier stuff.<br />3. We're not crazy about thieves blocking resources, so we've changed that to allow for bribes. Essentially, if you roll a seven or play a knight card, you can choose one card from any player. Resources are only blocked if the other player doesn't agree to fork over the card.<br /><br />This is the best board game you can buy that the entire family can play without ever a dull moment. Highly recommended.
B002XTBE6K|4.0|This BBC production met our expectations for a Jane Austen adaptation.  Austen's subtle humor is evident in the acting and direction.  Two DVDs long, a good choice for a \\"chick flick\\" film festival.
B0019N8P2W|4.0|Well, when I heard about this box set, I made it a point to order one with my next available paycheck. After waiting nearly a decade for these episodes, I wasted no time in beginning a marathon of viewing that allowed me to burn through the products content within a week. Now maybe I can catch up on my sleep just a bit -_-;;;    All in all, I was very happy with the DVDs. When I originally saw the majority of the Daria series, it was the watered down versions produced by the N network. Watching these new and (mostly) unedited episodes gave me a much more fulfilling experience than before. Old and familiar favorites were present alongside stories I had never even heard of. All in all, it was an awesome feeling of nostalgia.    The extra features were fairly good too. The Daria Day Intro's were collectively excellent. In all honesty, I was disappointed that more episodes did not include them. The movies were everything I hoped for, while the interviews were refreshing. The remaining extras, however, such as the character profiles ended a little weak.     Now there is one thing that anyone involved with this product has to already understand and that is the issue of music. I have to admit that, upon initially discovering this change, I was not very worried. I enjoyed the series for its timeless writing and awesome animation. In fact, by removing the music the episodes are not as defined by a particular time period and will probably relate better with new converts. However, as the series progresses, I have to admit that the change in music is more and more obvious. In fact, secondary noises were sometimes improperly re-dubbed bringing more attention to the change.     Still, despite some mild weaknesses, I highly recommend this box set for both old fans and those completely unaware of it before. Daria relates to all those who were just a little different, awkward, or out of place in their High School experience. Let's be honest; no matter who you are or were, that describes you just as much as me, ne?
B003ABZDGM|5.0|The cover art is stunning, the vinyl is thick and juicy and the mastering is loud but not flat-lined.  Buy with confidence, this is Mastodon at their finest.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|the only bad thing of this blu ray its that it dosent come on 3d but still its a great movie
B000JMLFLW|5.0|This is my first experience reading one of Jane Austen's stories.  I am only 1/3 of the way through, but am a huge fan already.  Cannot wait to get back to the story.  I  have viewed dramatized versions of the author's stories on PBS and always loved them.  I feel like I found a treasure chest full of gold!  Thank you Amazon for the free Kindle downloads.
B002ZG98VE|3.0|I knew not to expect Gladiator, but I was still very disappointed with this movie. The storyline about his father was really lame and did not seem to fit. Maid Marienne riding into battle wearing chain mail was a joke. The bottom line: Any Robin Hood movie where Robin uses his bow no more than 2-3 times is not a real Robin Hood movie.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|The stars in this movie were absolutely wonderful of this adaption or Pride and Prejudice...I have watched this dvd over and over and just love it...
B001GZ6QEC|3.0|this blu ray its anything you would expect i recomended and people should buy the box set too, thnkx e
0307454541|4.0|I just this evening finished the book, and I am planning to run out tomorrow to get the next title in the series,The Girl Who Played With Fire.  Though I can see already from the excerpt at the end of Dragon Tattoo that there will be even more cringe-worthy scenes to be endured, I enjoyed this story enough that I'm willing to suffer through that inevitable squirming feeling.  I didn't give it five stars only because I was disturbed enough by the extreme misogyny displayed by (at least) three of the characters that I feel the book MAY veer slightly into the realm of gratuitousness.  But overall it's very well written and certainly captivating.  I found myself thinking about it often when I was not reading it and looking forward to stolen moments when I could get back to the story.
B0036EH3WK|3.0|Lost really dropped the ball in season 6. Having now seen the series through to completion, I among many was bitterly disappointed with the series finale. The current package art tagline, \\"all the mysteries will be revealed\\" does not ring true as the show's wrap up acrimoniously avoids answering the mysteries long established and left unexplained and instead cops out with an ending that fans themselves had actually bettered, in the ongoing speculation over the relevance of the \\"sideways\\" theme of the final season.     LOST is far from a perfect show. Like many, its first season is largely considered to be its strongest and from an accessibility point, this is true. Season 2 begins to wane in quality of the story with unnecessary flashbacks which reiterate the first season stories, and superfluous storylines like Sawyer and Hurley's quest for a noise-making treefrog.     Season 3 sees the show begin to rev up again, with a far more balanced year of revelation vs filler and finally, a packed season finale with genuine \\"WTF!\\" moments...    Season 4 and 5 I consider to be the best of the show. Season 4 establishes flashing forward rather than back to characters' lives, and the introduction of compelling new characters on the island including Faraday, Charlotte and Miles. Season 5 continues the brilliance of 4 but ups the ante now crossing time and space itself, with the ensemble cast divided in completely separate positions. This year features the show's 100th episode, and the remaining episodes rev up to the last annoyingly brilliant cliffhanger.     So we come to season 6. The heights of the last 2 years and elaboration of the mythology, coupled with regularly returning plot holes like Walt and DHARMA led me to have huge expectations. Yet sadly, LOST season 6 suffers from what you might call \\"trilogy-itus\\" so common in film series' as the last part cannot match the brilliance of what came before. Conclusions, when offered, are more logical and predictable than outstanding and the series mostly suffers from three different groups of people sitting around while not actually doing anything significant.     The ending encourages you to accept their denial of answering questions, of it being irrelevant in the grand scheme of things. But it doesn't sell after 6 years of waiting for the mysteries to make sense. Up to a point, Lost is an incredibly intelligent show, that for a time demanded complete concentration and recollection on behalf of its captive audience.   But 'The End' doesn't deliver, and fans are left emotionally rewarded with cheap reunions, but intellectually disappointed. The real hook of the show is itself 'lost' along the way.
B0036RPM8E|2.0|I had to recheck my system and recalibrate it several times before I realized that this DVD is perhaps one of the worst mixed concert DVDs I've ever listened to. Everything is out of phase, there is no significantly directional low end, and the vocals are disembodied and do NOT fit into the sound stage. It's as if someone who never mixed 5.1 suddenly just threw in a plug in (ahem, Waves anyone?) that extrapolated a 5.1 mix from a 2.1 mix without doing the work that it actually takes to do it. I would believe that is the main problem, except that the 2.1 mix is almost as bad. Let me qualify my opinion by stating that I'm a professional audio engineer and musician, so, take it for what you will...<br /><br />Trust me, this DVD is already being used in MANY recording classes and mixing classes as an unfortunate example of How NOT to mix audio for a concert...<br /><br />Then there's all the \\"jumping\\" video---this is very unprofessional. There is absolutely no way the filmmakers wouldn't have known beforehand that some of the mounts they were using were NOT sturdy under the SPL's of a live show. OK, so maybe they didn't think about it---oh well, then WHY did the video mixer/editors include all that shaky crap? No excuse...ugh. And while we're on the video editing---could we NOT edit a little better when we're dealing with crowd shots? I mean, the 300 lb. grossness is not what I'm paying to see---I mean, c'mon--- jiggling sweat all over the place---out of time dancing---I'll have nightmares for a LONG time. For that reason alone, this film should've been rated \\"F\\" for \\"Fugly\\". I've never been a fan of crowd shots at all anyways, but especially not when they include the sagging, middle aged, drunk crosseyed sweaty obese women trying to dance and just stand up with their hamburgers dripping from their mouths. Don't think that's pretty? Didn't think so...<br /><br />Then there's the performances---well. Let's just say this wasn't one of the band's hottest nights. Lots of errors, lots of out of tune guitar, and lots of badness in the BG vox, lots of bass guitar flubs and several places where the drums get out of time with the SMPTE track...I was shocked. There was another rhythm guitarist backing up Ritchie, but because the mix was so bad, Ritchie (?sp.) was \\"on his own\\" (and not for the good) most of the night. As far Jon, he was, as usual, near perfect, vocally, but the mix covered him up and distracted from the quality of his voice. As well, the OBVIOUSLY overblown attempt to channel \\"The Boss\\" just seemed silly, from the V neck chest exposed leather to the out stretched hands gesturing the audience aimlessly, Jon is beyond this. Richie, bless him, still thinks he's the second coming of Stevie Ray, and between the two of them, you just sort of feel like you're watching an SNL skit...<br /><br />OK, the documentary is pretty good. But, man, I just get a sick feeling when Bon Jovi tells the band to \\"just have fun\\" at the beginning---it just seems so contrived, so paternalistic, so arrogant, so condescending all at once, when I'm sure he didn't intend it.<br /><br />I'm going to petition the company to allow a competent mixing engineer to redo this package. When/if that happens, I will consider rebuying it. For now, I am returning it. For all its flaws, most of which are acceptable (although the performances are nearly reasons to have NOT released this DVD), the amateurish, inept mix is most definitely NOT one of them.<br /><br />If you're a very big Bon Jovi fan, and you want a good documentary, then buy this disc. If you're just wanting the concert, then I'd suggest you wait on a better mix, or a new release that will hopefully employ more professional mixing engineers. If the mix were just acceptable, I would have given this at least 3 stars; however, it is nowhere near that and I was torn between a 1 and a 2 star rating, so I erred on the higher end but I don't feel good about it.e guitar, and lots of badness in the BG vox, lots of bass guitar flubs and several places where the drums get out of time with the SMPTE track...I was shocked. There was another rhythm guitarist backing up Ritchie, but because the mix was so bad, Ritchie (?sp.) was \\"on his own\\" (and not for the good) most of the night. As far Jon, he was, as usual, near perfect, vocally, but the mix covered him up and distracted from the quality of his voice. As well, the OBVIOUSLY overblown attempt to channel \\"The Boss\\" just seemed silly, from the V neck chest exposed leather to the out stretched hands gesturing the audience aimlessly, Jon is beyond this. Richie, bless him, still thinks he's the second coming of Stevie Ray, and between the two of them, you just sort of feel like you're watching an SNL skit...    OK, the documentary is pretty good. But, man, I just get a sick feeling when Bon Jovi tells the band to \\"just have fun\\" at the beginning---it just seems so contrived, so paternalistic, so arrogant, so condescending all at once, when I'm sure he didn't intend it.    I'm going to petition the company to allow a competent mixing engineer to redo this package. When/if that happens, I will consider rebuying it. For now, I am returning it. For all its flaws, most of which are acceptable (although the performances are nearly reasons to have NOT released this DVD), the amateurish, inept mix is most definitely NOT one of them.    If you're a very big Bon Jovi fan, and you want a good documentary, then buy this disc. If you're just wanting the concert, then I'd suggest you wait on a better mix, or a new release that will hopefully employ more professional mixing engineers. If the mix were just acceptable, I would have given this at least 3 stars; however, it is nowhere near that and I was torn between a 1 and a 2 star rating, so I erred on the higher end but I don't feel good about it.
B002T9H2L0|4.0|its a great movie in a great quality, my only regret was the poor bluray menu
B000002HEP|5.0|Welcome to Sky Valley is one the best rock albums of all times.  It is the best \\"Stoner\\" rock albums of all time bar none.  But please don't let this reference fool you.  You will not need drugs or even take drugs to love this album.  Instrumentally it is absolutely brilliant. The musicianship on this album is staggering.  I have found I can read books with this album as if it is some sort of heavy classical music.  I find myself pouring a glass of wine, getting a good book and popping it in.  It soothes the mind and takes you places.  I would suggest if you ever find yourself late at night for a long drive, pop this in.  You will not regret it.  I can't express enough about how great this album is.  Please buy this album and tell me how I am wrong.  I'm not.  If you like methodical heavy rock, deep bass and intricate and spinning guitar you will love this album.  The best Kyuss has done and they have done a lot right.  Then go on to Blues for the Red Sun and the Circus Leaves Town.
B002A4Q652|5.0|Delain is a delightful flashback to the heavy hairband era. That said, it is the old made new again with catchy - headbanging - riffs and a gorgeous voice. The production work is superb. Occasionally, there are male lead vocals that I wish were longer. The men have great voices too. Buy this!
B002AOWXQ8|5.0|What an absolute delight it was listening to this recording. The artists, without exception, are unique and enthusiastic in their performances. The instrumentation and arrangements are refreshing and lively. There just seems to be no limit to which instrument might show up in each succeeding composition. The compostions, numbers 1,2,6 and 11, terrific.  I've haven't been this delighted by a music purchase since the Depeche Mode \\"Violator\\" recording.
B001N26GFM|5.0|Much has been about this film here, mostly pro, some con.  I can only add my opinion that it was a marvelous and riveting film that every kid in the world should watch.  Yes, at times it seemed hard to believe that these two boys, so marvelously acted by Asa Butterfield and Jack Scanlon, could have been so naive.  But they were just eight years old living through something that the rest of the world had not imagined until after they discovered the truth.  If the film is not totally true to history (and I am not commenting on its historical accuracy one way or the other), it nonetheless makes a marvelous story. The ending is a stunner and completely unexpected.  This is a film that, with some preparation, you can show to your pre-teen:  no foul language, no sex, and no in-your-face violence even though the story is set in the most violent era in world history.     As to those critics who heap vituperation on this film because they deny the holocaust occurred, I can only say things to them that would get this review deleted.  I will only say that my father helped liberate a concentration camp, and he did not imagine what he saw.  He did, however, have difficulty discussing it even years later.    My one criticism is why the producers did not include the deleted scenes they present on the DVD.  The movie is barely 1:30 long.  These scenes, all short, would have added little length to the film and would have clarified some issues.  When, for example, I saw the pile of dolls in the basement, I did conclude they were Gretel's, a fact one of the deleted scenes would have explained.  One of them also explains why Bruno, once denied permission to go into the back garden at all, was able to do so with impunity.  We also learn where he got the idea of the extermination camp being a \\"farm.\\"
B002N5N5LG|5.0|My wife started watching this show when it first aired and I had no interest.  Finally after several episodes she forced me to suffer through one of the episodes...and it was one of the funniest things I'd ever seen.  I went back and watched all the old episodes on Hulu and I can't get enough of this show.    The characters are all perfectly casted with wildly varying personalities, the episodes are a great mix of plots, just a great show.  I can't wait for season 2!
B001GAPC1K|4.0|It's a blockbuster and one of the best comic book movie adaptations ever -- it's a fun popcorn flick!
0385512058|3.0|I read this book and for the most part liked it a lot. Part autobiography, part how-to-network, Never Eat Alone gives many good pointers on how to enlarge your circle of influence and further your career through making connections with people.  I especially liked it when the author described how he was able to make connections with people by taking a real interest in them.    However, as I got closer to the end of the book, I got this nagging feeling that there was something missing here. The author talks at length about rich and famous people he knows and how he came to know them, but never does he mention anyone who is a normal, down to earth human being. Having \\"close personal friends\\" is nice, but wouldn't it be great if there was a little time spent on how to develop real lifetime friendships. The author has hundreds, if not thousands, of people in his rolodex, but I didn't get the sense that any of those people were the kinds of friends he can open up to and be intimate with on any meaningful level. He almost acknowledges as much in the last chapter saying that not everyone can maintain the hectic schedule he has.    Speaking for myself, I believe that this book is meant for those who want to advance their career by creating contacts. Making friends is another matter. If you want a better book for that subject, Carnegie's \\"How to Win Friends and Influence People\\" is a much better work and has withstood the test of time.
B000B8QEZG|5.0|I'm a little late to the party here, but I just wanted to add that this is a perfect dance pop album.  Songs flow into each other very well. Tight, clean and mature effort from Madonna.    I'm not a huge Madonna fan, but this is a must-own for pop fans.
B001FB5634|4.0|Movies have made the best out of the post apocalyptic future genre. Mel Gibson became a star with the first MAD MAX film. During the early eighties, films featuring bands of marauding gangs played drive ins across the land and ended up on video. But these looks into the future, while violent, never seemed as bleak as THE ROAD does.<br /><br />We're presented with a story that moves back and forth in time, showing us what was, what happened and what is now going on. Viggo Morensen is the Father, a man who has taken on the task of trying to protect and raise his son in a world that has fallen apart. No reason is given, but the world has changed. Animals have disappeared, plant life is all but gone leaving barren woods and fields and food is in short supply.<br /><br />On occasion, the earth continues its decay with a tremor or full blown mini-earthquake while they travel. But worse than this is the packs of people, remnants of humanity gone wild who travel along preying on the weak. These people not only have clung together to track down people, they have taken on the habit of eating them as well just to stay alive.<br /><br />Traveling south and west, Father is trying to get his son (Kodi Smit-McPhee) to a safe place. Following the road southwest and heading for the coast, the pair comes across a variety of people and places. A family that keeps people in the basement to eat when they need. An old man (Robert Duvall) on the same road who they share a meal with. A thief who takes their possessions but expects mercy when caught. All play a part in the story of what humanity remains in these two characters.<br /><br />In flashbacks, we learn of Father's wife (Charlize Theron) who was pregnant when it all began. While others afterwards took the suicide path rather than face the new world, Father convinced her to have hope and carry on. But this eventually resulted in her resenting the fact they brought a child into this new world as well as his not letting her leave on her own terms. What happens with her is predictable, but sad none the less.<br /><br />As Father and Son travel the byways of a once prosperous world, they witness buildings falling into ruin, highways crumbling apart and an entire world that offers nothing more than the colors gray and brown. But the pair travel on.<br /><br />The movie is not so much about how to survive in the world after. It is a character study of two people, father and son, who are attached not just genetically but through a deeply bound love of one another. Father is not in the best of health and knows his days are numbered. His role is to train his son to survive, to carry on, harboring that fire within oneself that holds on to the remains of humanity. The question is always there and the son asks it now and then:\\"Are we the good guys?\\"<br /><br />The movie doesn't involve itself with a straight structure moving forward with a nice neat ending. Instead it tells the tale of these two while involving the viewer at the same time. And before the final reel, you find yourself caring for them both, hoping for the best and knowing deep down that the happy ending seems further away no matter how far down the road they travel.<br /><br />Mortensen is a force to be reckoned with. He IS this character. He brings to it a depth that digs beneath the surface, displaying the deep love this father has for his son and the fears of what will happen when he is no longer there. Smit-McPhee does an equally admirable job, especially for an actor so young. His range may not be as deep, but his performance of a young boy trying to cope with a tumultuous world is one that is more than believable.<br /><br />All in all, this post apocalyptic world seems more real than any previously seen. No leather clad bad boys driving around on souped up death machines. No trading centers where people barter services for goods. This is a world where people do what they can to survive. But at its root is the question is all that's left is just surviving? Or is there something more to staying on this earth than simply existing? The only person that can answer these questions is the viewer. Because each and every person who watches must answer the question on their own.earth than simply existing? The only person that can answer these questions is the viewer. Because each and every person who watches must answer the question on their own.
B000UNYK3A|5.0|Hostel is HANDS DOWN my favorite horror/torture movie of the new millenium.  The scary thing about this movie is, is that this could really happen.  Reality always adds to the fascination and scare factor in horror movies, video games, etc.  The directors got the idea for Hostel when a friend emailed him a site where there was actually a murder-for-profit business in Thailand... which is \\"dismembered\\" in one of The Director's Cut's featurettes.  So Hostel fans, The Director's Cut is simply a MUST HAVE!!<br /><br />Also, living in Europe as well as other foreign countries while growing up, I can totally picture this happening to clueless backpackers trekking their way through unknown territory, language barriers, and where people could care less if you're an American or not.  You may think you're entitled (as many Americans feel they are when they travel to a foreign country)--but you're/we're not.<br /><br />Bottom line:  People are effing sick, and stuff like this happens in real life everyday, all over the world--it's just not shown out in the open for all to see.  Hostel just 'slices and dices', cooks that fact all together, and serves it to you raw in a nice little 'meat' package.  If you gave this movie a low rating, it was because you couldn't handle the sheer reality of the story and the extreme violence.  Simple as that.  5 stars!!
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|I came into this season expecting it to be the last. Fox had long maligned the fact that '24' was very expensive to make. They also cited lagging ratings (mostly due to the lackluster season 6 leaving a bad taste in viewers mouths and the WGA strike making the show almost irrelevant.) as a reason to ax the show. And besides, the concept was becoming a bit outdated. Even the tenor of season 8, with the world standing on the brink of an historic peace agreement, signified that 24 was coming full circle. The idea that peace could exist in a world of espionage and paranoia such as the one 24 dwelled in, was a big step toward a brave new world. The kind of thing you see when a show wants to go out with a bang. I was ready for it to end and am sad to see it go. The Machiavellian exploits of Jack Bauer have been must see television from Day One (November 6,2001) in my household. On Tuesdays at 9pm (Seasons 1-3) and Mondays at 9pm (Seasons 4-8), no one was allowed to bother me. I loved this show. As for season 8;  The first half really was tough to swallow. After seeing Doug Hutchison on Lost as a hippie running the Dharma Initiative, I really had trouble buying the Russian Merc angle. His accent was horrible. Davros really bothered me. Strike 1. Katee Sackhoff's character Dana Walsh was one of the most annoying main character in the history of the series (Marilyn Bauer really bugged me). Brian Hastings was a major tool. ANd I am sorry, I just can't take Freddie Prinze, Jr. seriously. Not all of the casting was bad, though. We did get Michael Madsen, Jurgen Prochnow, and David Anders this year. But for not nearly enough time. These actors were too good for the short arcs and cheap exits they made, especially in Anders case.   The plot was pretty straight forward until the fuel rods came into play. Then I was slightly annoyed. Arabs with Russian supplied nukes? AGAIN?! The stench of season 6 began to waft upward.   But, then, Omar Hassan died and the Russians took center stage and committed the worst mistake ever; killing girl Jack (Renee). Jack went off the deep end. And the series really caught fire again. Those last seven episodes of Jack acting as judge, jury, and executioner really made me think a ninth season would not be all that bad.   In the end, everyone stood accountable for their mistakes. And Jack was given time to run. The final goodbye with Chloe was poignant. The long last look up was, too. And then the clock reached zero on one of the more ground breaking and innovative series of this or any generation. It was so ground breaking, it could only copy itself (and did so a lot in season 8).   Now that this show is done, I am done with network TV. Really, how could anything top this show and Lost? So, it's the end of an era. Thank you, 24, for making it enjoyable.
B001AQR3E4|3.0|At first I thought I had problems with my TV or PS3 but for Blu ray it dosent seem that vivid. I bought it at Target for $10 so not disappointed....much I love the movie but the quality seems not the best compared to Edward Scissor hands wow thats worth the purchase.
B003F3NDP8|5.0|I thought this season of desperate housewives was better than season 5, even thought i did rate last season 5 stars also. Its just a fantastic show, which i am sad to say is ending after season 7. What a fantastic season, this has been and i can't wait for next season:    SPOILERS:  Zach's dad is back (well, step-dad).  who's child on westiera lane isn't theres?  and will Susan be back any time soon?
0307269752|5.0|The title of the book did not appeal to me and I only purchased after reading description on The Borzoi Reader. I soon fell in love with main characters,Mikael Blomkvist,a journalist, and Lisbeth Salander,a troubled hacker, whose help he seeks  in researching the  mysterious disappearance of a young girl that has remained unsolved for nearly four decades. The book held my interest from beginning to end and I  hated putting it down.
B002ZFQD04|5.0|Madonna is my favorite singer and I can say this is her best live video concert, more on for adults viewing side but it is just for entertainment, sounds and arrangements of all her songs are new and worth listening to . I never get tired of watching this, very nice sound especially on a home theater. This could be her last concert because she is not getting any younger so probably she gave her all on this concert.
B001JNNDEW|5.0|Wow through a Plasma 42 inch and a Ps3 it looked amazing and is still hilarious the best part is I havent seen this movie in years and to see it this way was very pleasing, it just sucks I will have to buy these movies all over again but these blu ray versions are like watching a different movie
B000127LW2|5.0|It is a real good take on Star Trek! I am really liking it! Dawson
0307269981|5.0|I was happy to have purchased The Girl Who Played with Fire same time as I purchased The Girl With The Dragon tattoo and moved on immediately after reading the above mentioned. Michael Blomkvist, journalist, and  Lisabeth Salandar, a troubled but genius hacker once again are spellbinding, as Blomkvist sets out to prove the innocence of Salandar who is now susoected of murder. Salandar also dangerously sets out to find the real culprits and end her torments. A great read, can't put down and eagerly awaiting for third book of trilogy to arrive.
B0037QGRZG|2.0|I assume everyone is already familiar enough with the plot of the movie, so I'll focus my review on the quality of the Blu-Ray transfer.<br /><br />Unfortunately, I was wholly unimpressed. The picture completely lacked color depth and detail. Just in the opening scenes as Daniel and his mother drive off to California, the car looks like a maroon splotch in the distance. Later in the tournament scenes, faces in the crowd were hazy, and even the main characters on the screen lacked any detail. Even in the best cases, with a close-up on a single character, there was just no detail. I expected to be able to make out skin pores, individual strands of hair/stubble, etc., but it looked just like a mediocre DVD. I also expected to see bright colors at the beach, the high school soccer practice, and the tournament, but everything looked washed out. The night scene at the beach was one of the few dark scenes. The picture got very grainy, but not as bad as I had feared based on watching the movie up to that point. Certainly no inky blacks, but not the major macroblocking as I was expecting.<br /><br />This Blu-Ray has a new feature called Blu-Pop, which is similar to the Pop Up Videos on VH1 way back when. At various points in the movie, either trivia tidbits (\\"Sensei means teacher in Japanese\\") or behind-the-scenes commentary by either Ralph Macchio or William Zabka (Johnny Lawrence) would pop up. This was interesting, but the most frustrating thing was that there was no way to turn it off once you had it on. Unlike every other Blu-Ray disc I own, the menu button is disabled for Karate Kid, so you can't toggle that feature on/off at will. I had to keep hitting the Next Chapter button on my remote to get to the end and restart it without Blu-Pop turned on.<br /><br />I see that some people make excuses for the poor picture quality by saying that the movie is over 25 years old. That's a fair point, but I'd encourage people to take a look at Grease on Blu-Ray to compare. Greaseis about 8 years older and looks absolutely fantastic -- just like any modern release, albeit with a couple soft scenes here and there. It is possible to do a decent transfer with an old film. My guess is that they simply upscaled the digitized DVD version and called it a day, when they should have gone back to the original film and retransferred it in HD. I have no knowledge of the process they used, so this is simply my guess.<br /><br />Overall a very disappointing experience. If you have Netflix, I'd recommend streaming it from there. Owning it on Blu-Ray will not give you any improvement in picture quality.
B001DTUU7A|4.0|Great visual HD content and pretty entertaining, it's worth seeing once and I guess owning it, since I did buy it from target.
B002WIDRM6|4.0|This is a great album, even for someone who is not a country music lover.  Enjoyable music, energetic and fun ...
B00005JMEW|1.0|Its like the fan boys who talked in superlatives about Planet Terror, and the fan base of sci-fi lemmings on amazon who salivate at edgy, whino-college gutter films like, the ever hyped, and truly disappointing Cloverfield.<br /><br />Kill Bill is just a Jackie Chan film going artsy. It's just art-house on Meth; its ludicrous, which is probably what it is supposed to be from jump street, but I have had enough of Scream acerebral thinking. I am sure it is boat loads of fun working with Quentin. There obviously is a reason movies like this are made. Five stars indeed. I'd rather watch reruns of Ghandi and a marathon on AMC of awful Clint Eastwood films like Unforgiven, then to ever, EVER sit through a Quentin film again.<br /><br />If this is the kind of raw new talent coming from Hollywood in that era, I certainly have a chance to bring my ideas to fruition.
1556438850|5.0|Thank you Mark Stephens for writing this amazing yoga book!  I now have an indispensable resource to help me as I continue to work on my teaching skills. This book is written with such clarity! I especially like Chapter 10 with the guidance on sequencing asanas and planning classes.  The icing on the cake is the richly written history and philosophy of yoga. I will use this book for years to come.  I am recommending it to my students!
B002SF9YUM|4.0|It is always good to get a  more complete perspective on the politics of the time. Artists' lives have usually been on the fringe but Dali was one who had his inner conflicts concealed and this film is illuminating on the more innocent part of his life, a potent part that must have haunted him all throughout it. Excellent acting.
0201633612|4.0|A must read for anyone in software development.  This is a classic work which carries just as much weight in today's development world.
B003A4IFDW|5.0|I've heard of Betty LaVette and put her in the company of Lena Horne,Etta James and even Eartha Kitt. I bought this CD mainly for curiosity to see what magic she has spun on some of Rock's greatest songs. I'm now on my 4th rotating spin on my CD player. Each time I here these songs it takes me away from the original artist and places me in the soulful \\"soul\\" of Ms. LaVette. Her magical touch is fantastic. The British Rock Songbook speaks very humbly of her take on these songs. Give it a spin, sit on the couch with your feet up and enjoy the wonder that is Ms. Betty LaVette.
B001P9EQH8|4.0|This little amp is a grand addition to many earphones/ player combo's.   Earphones with high ohm ratings will gain the most of this amps ability. A lower ohm set will not get much help at all.  Out of the package the unit needs a good charge. The operation is very simple and easy. Just connect the in from your player and out to your head set.  I have even used this amp on the AUX. connection in the car and the connection out of my computer. It is a gem for these applications.  The clip on the unit is fantastic. It is small and built very nice.  There is a volume and a bass boost switch. It also has a on/off switch.  It comes with a few patch cords that work in most applications.  I have found on some connections the unit will add a bit of back ground noise. It is not bad but noticeable with really good headphones.  For the price it is a real good deal if it works best with your application.  So far I find that my application does not need this amp.  I run a Sony E345 and Klispch earphones.
B001IBIHQ4|2.0|Sorry I wasted my time watching this......very disappointing. Acting was horrible, Direction was horrible. Hanks is a jerk!
B0000C3I6U|5.0|Like me, if you love bodybuilding...you will love this movie. it tells all about how the pros train for a bodybuilding cometition. its the type of movie that will motivate you to do your best in the gym.
0810982862|5.0|This was an awesome movie!  I would watch it again and again.  So glad to have it in my library of DVDs.
031606792X|3.0|Really people!  I've read many of the reviews and the Stephenie Meyer slag fest is a bit much and I believe entirely uncalled for!    First off I'm a Twilight Mom and not ashamed to admit it.  (Btw... this is written on my husbands acct in case anyone is wondering if my parents were really that cruel to name their daughter Russel lol). I'm a 42yr old mom to 7yr old twins and after needing a good escape I stumbled across the Twilight series and have been half in love with Edward myself ever since... lol.  Loved Twilight of course!  I found New Moon a cross between a tear jerker and a snooze fest, (least fav seeing as half the book was about Bella whining).  Eclipse is my fav of the series as we get to spend the most time with Edward.  As for Breaking Dawn, I found New moon more annoying though I do have some issues with BD.    I get some of the disappointment in BD.  You can see that her editor may have been a bit intimidated by the best selling author and didn't reign her in as much as another may have but seriously, worse book ever?  No, I'm sorry it doesn't warrant all that.    I totally understand falling in love with your characters and not wanting so see them harmed and wanting a happy ending for everyone.  My husbands fav book is Red Branch and he had been pestering me to read it for some time so when I finally did I was furious with him as it turned out to be a tragedy.  I want a happy ending!  Life is full of pain and I want my escapism to be happy and all the angst resolved and Meyers does just that.  I also want to point out that it takes courage to have yourself published.  I have been writing poetry, short stories and novels since the age of 12.  I have never attempted to get anything published, because for me, everything I've ever written has a piece of me in varying degrees.  I've allowed trusted family and friends read some of my work and have gotten positive responses but to have strangers read YOU and judge you, to lay yourself bare that way, I'm sorry, it takes massive courage, so we should give Meyers some props.    Never the less, I think that some of the things some of the other reviewers have said is true.  Meyers does at time suspend her own fantasy world and the rules she set forth to give herself and fans the happy endings so craved and there's very little to no sacrifice.    Spoilers from here on out...    The things that bothered me most!    The switching of POV's...    Sorry, this was either a poor way to introduce information not available from Bella's POV or just total avoidance of flushing out Bellas charachter in explaining how the never before desire for children finally jumps out at us from no where to the point that she's willing to sacrifice her life and all for the child at the risk of her great love and promise to never \\"hurt\\" Edward again.  But SM never makes you believe it will be a sacrifice as Bella truly believes she'll survive as a vampire and we all know that's were Bellas been heading since chap. 13 of Twilight.   So what's up with that?  And watching Jacobs pain over and over again is just hard to experience.  Yes she does neatly wrap up that inconvinience with the imprinting thing but until then she literally whips Jake like a misbehaving dog that did something naughty in her fav shoes.    Rosalie and Bella as allies...    SM goes through great pains to share the dislike between Bella and Rosalie yet she has Bella jumping into \\"Rose's\\" arms with no further explanation.  She creates this bond out of thin air and gives us the weak explanation of Bella finally choosing something that Rosalie would have,  thereby getting her stamp of approval.  The way that Rosalie interferes with the great love of B & E and Bella let's her!  Why?  This needed more explanation.  Bellas willing to sacrifice her soul if needs be, to be with Edward but now her \\"little nudger\\" is worth watching the man she loves in horrific pain, watch him lose his mind, create tension in the family that he cherishes somuch and all for what?  Its okay to change things up as a writer but if you don't want to lose your readers trust, there must be more than a simple immediate acceptance of a pregnancy without a single explanation.  Now having a writers imagination and being a mother myself, I can infer that the love she felt for Edward is now passed on to this creation as a symbol of their love but considering that the series is targeted for young adults, they may not be able to infer this.    Bella becomes immortal...    So okay, we have Edward finally accepting the child simply because he \\"hears\\" that the child loves Bella and doesn't want to hurt her, so all the fear and revulsion, \\"poof\\", disappears.  A stretch but I'll go along with the ride, up to a point.  After a weak (in all aspects) Bella, lives through a \\"complicated\\" pregnancy, she has the even more complicated delivery.  Before this moment we're all deprived of most of the Cullens, as they're off on various tasks or afflicted as well by Bellas insanity.  Now comes the moment of \\"truth\\".  Bella goes into labor and though we were to expect Edwards pain, we also have to sit by and watch Jake get mistreated even more.  I get the feeling that Meyer really cares for this character, yet she allows him to be used and abused by both Bella and Edward and it just doesn't seem quite fair.  With all that said, OMG!  There wasn't an ounce of doubt that she was going to make the birth scene as gruesome as all get out.  What with all the bruising and bone breaking and blood drinking.  The foreshadowing wasnt subtle at all.  However, once the moment arrived, I was pretty surprised at the level of gore.  For the most part, in all the other ares of the series, all of the  violence either happens out of focus or from a third persons perspective but this moment was totally \\"in your face\\".  So okay, to move on, Edward delivers the baby using his teeth, the little creature bites Bella as she draws her last breath and while Jake feels the lastheart beat he is decides to clear his pain with infanticide.  Not worthy of the long suffering, secondary hero.  But that doesn't happen because the quirky imprinting that he fears and loathes happens and Nessie's life is saved.  It too neatly empty's out the Jacob drawer and puts a pretty bow on his happy ending, for now.    No newborn drama...    So Bella gets to avoid all the pain and frantic losing of oneself that should take at least a year or more and gets to skip right over it.  I was actually looking forward to watching Bella get a bit more depth.  I was hoping for that during New Moon but when that didn't occur there, I was hoping for it here in BD, as we all knew that this is when Bella would get her wish to become a \\"monster\\", all for love, the ultimate sacrifice.  Yet that doesn't happen. There's no transition.  It would have been a perfect moment to watch her also connect on a deeper level with all the other Cullens as they come together to assist her while flushing out their characters.  This would have been a great time to give us all glimpses into the other Cullens newborn experiences while trying to keep Bella from going out and draining Mike, Jessica, Charlie and Angela dry.  It would have given SM an opportunity to create an even deeper bond between Edward and Carlisle, as now Edward understands the pain and responsibility of becoming a \\"creator\\".  I also have some trouble with how easily SM drops most of the \\"humans\\" in this book.  Again, I understand feeling protective towards characters that you've spent so much time with but there needs to be a bit of truth if we're all going to buy happy endings for all involved.  It seems that most of the struggles are either superficial or left for the reader to simply figure out for themselves.  But in her defense, I do believe that the new Bree book is probably her way of making this up to the fans, IMHO.    The Volturi final battle...    Seriously?  This is my BIGGEST problem with BD.  We've been hearing about the wretched V's for several books and they just leave because of Bella's shield and Alice's 11th hr miracle appearance?  Not believable, sorry!  Since SM decided against chosing difficulty or sacrifice for any of her characters, this would have been the perfect moment to correct this oversight.  I was looking forward to a battle royal!  People lost!  But instead the big bad Volturi engage in a talk fest with the Cullens and their friends and then they just leave?  Yeah big let down here!    If I had written BD it would have gone a bit more like this...    -The wedding scene would have been a bit more detailed with Bella not only being more gracious but actually eager for the pending nuptials (and not just 'cause Bella's about to get some) but because she realizes that as well as she has come to now know and understands Edward, that the marriage will bind him to her more than anything else, even immortality!    -There would have been no pregnancy!     -There would have been a return of romance between Edward and Bella and we would have had a deepening of their love, no longer forbidden.  And definately would have given a bit more steam during their first sexual encounters.    -Edward would have changed Bella to vampire with a bite but the scene leading up to the moment would have been hot, hot, steamy and hot some more.  It also would have been just as profound and binding as the wedding vows!  But also very solemn, as the full weight of what is happening envelopes them both.    -We would have experienced Bella's newborn transition time.  And it wouldn't have been silent.  It would have been loud and painful.  Not only experiencing Bellas pain, while she \\"burned\\" her humanity away but Edward's humanity is brought very close to the surface watching Bella suffer while he can't do anything about it.  However, it could have been brief due to the desire to have Bella finally find her rightful place in the world, making up for a life time of mediocrity, showing that she was born to be Edwards soulmate as an immortal but there would have been some difficulty there, even some serious drama and heartbreak and a lot of guilt.    -I would have written this final book from a third persons POV.  Of course the fans may have griped but it would have been better accepted than the switching back and forth between Bella and Jacob's POV.    -Without the pregnancy, the vehicle for Jacob to finally claim his birth right is removed.  So instead, I would have made it where Bellas being turned makes Sam want to attack the Cullens for violation of the treaty and Jacob stands up to him.  But instead of the timid creation of two packs, Sam and Jacob would have fought, until Sam had to submit to Jacob, experiencing for the first time, the humiliation of the Alpha command.  Jacob's unwanted claim as leader of his pack causes him some anguish.  Some of his brothers animosity directed at him along with being forced to claim a birth right he didn't want, all to protect a girl who has rejected him time and again, causes Jacob to finally see Bella for what she is.  This allows Jacob's feelings Bella to cool.  Now there's even more cause for bitterness.  Leah feeling compassion for what jake is going through gives herself a moment to be vulnerable, which opens up the road for a love hate relationship between Leah and Jacob.    -During Bellas newborn time she gets away from her keepers and has exposed herself to Charlie causing him to leave Forks due to his pain in what his daughter has become. She also goes after Jessica but Alice and Edward are able to stop it at the last moment but not before she's seriously injured.  Right before Jessica dies, she passes on what she knows on to Mike, Eric, Ben and Angela.    -The secret is exposed!  Rosalie, in her vain pettiness tells on Bella, hoping that her new \\"rival\\" would be eliminated but in typical Rosalie style, she doesn't consider the consequences or not caring to realize that she's now putting her wholefamily in danger as she hasn't accepted Bella as a Cullen.  So now the Volturi are on their way to clean up the \\"Cullen mess\\".  Of course if Aro can aquire Alice, Edward and Bella, all the better for him but first and foremost, the secret must be perserved.    -The Cullens gather their friends to help them fight for their lives.  During the gathering of vampires, Tanya makes another pass at Edward causing Bella to snap out of some of her bloodlust, newborn craze and gain some control over herself, as she fears losing Edward to the beautiful \\"cousin\\" and to her newborn craving for human blood.  During this cooling off period, she begins to discover her shielding abilities.  As this plays out, the anticipation of the up coming fight winds through the story building the tension.      -Jacob is made aware of the what's nearly at his doorstep and the fact that he the V's come to not only eliminate the rule breaking Bella but the humans that know.  Jacob is torn between his duty to his pack, his obligation to preserve human life and his loyalty for his once first love (feelings like that don't disappear overnight) while worrying about endagering Leah, turning out to be a budding passionate love.  His brothers are trying to convince him that he needs to end Bella himself, as she was responsible for Jessica, a humans death and maybe more if the Volturi come.  Though he's under enormous pressure, Jacob decides that in honor of his past feelings for Bella, he just can't bring hismelf to kill Bella but he cant just allow the slaughter of other innocents either, so another uneasy alliance is formed between the wolves and the Cullens.    -Bellas newborn strength and her shield are considered great weapons.  However, her hold on herself is tenuous at best but she works through it while Edward and the others train her hard, until the hour of the final conflict draws near.  As Bellas newborn madness fades, she begins to feel the horror of what she had done and questions her decision for immortality and finally understands all of Edwards concerns of souls and damnation.  Under this heavy cloud of impending doom, some more self imposed conflict for Bella arises.  She begins to wonder if she had imagined this love for Edward and it causes him to not only train her to fight the V's but he now needs to fight for her \\"heart\\" all over again, to prove to her that they are truly \\"soul\\" mates.    -While its Bellas turn for all the doubts causing her to push Edward away, time has run out as the Volturi have arrived for their justice.  During the very intense battle Bellas shield comes in handy but she's still so new to her gift that it at time, fails, causing Sam, Quil, Paul, Rosalie, Esme and some of the Cullen friends, to be seriously hurt or killed.  While all the players are engaged, Bella, Jacob and Edward are cornered by Jane and Felix.  Jane has no effect on either Jacob or Bella so she focuses on Edward while Felix goes after Jacob all but ignoring the terrified Bella, not knowing about her gift.  Bellas fear causes her to lose her grasp on her shielding abilities.  Facing the prospect of losing Edward, she realizes she cannot exist forever without her true love, so with regret for Jacobs impending death, she saves Edward leaving, Jacob alone and exposed.  Leah saves the day and jumps in at the last moment causing a diversion, saving Jacob and allowing them to all finish off the most dangerous of the V's.    -Once the battle is over and those left are grieving for the lost freinds and family and tending to the injured, Jacob confronts Bella and tells her that for the sake of what they once were to one another and to protect the folks of Forks, the Cullens must leave, go far away and never return.  The remaining Cullens agree of course and bittersweet goodbyes are said but before Bella leaves she makes Jacob promise to try and find her parents, to help them understand her choices and leave them with some peace and Jacob realizes that outside of his pain for lost brothers, he's finally at peace as well.    -A few other scenes to leave readers to deal with the fallout of all the different losses on the battlefield but leaving the readers with a solid knowledge that all the doubt, angst ect, is behind them all (well mostly all).  Edward convinces Mike and Eric that Jessica was delusional before her death and Bella is able to extract a vow of secrecy from Angela and Ben as she says goodbye to her once human champions.  Jacob and Leah are now a firm couple, knowing he will heal from his heartbreak with his own happily ever after and Bella is Edwards now and forever.    But then again, that's just me.... lol    But with all that said, if I had the choice between not having the Twilight series at all or accepting it flawed, I'll take it flawed any day of the week.  What does perfection mean without Edward! Lol    I truly hope she finishes Midnight Sun.  From all that I've read of the completed published books, this incomplete, partial draft is by far my favorite of the entire series!    And again, all critical reviews aside,  I think we should all acknowledge the bravery it took for SM to show us a big piece of her soul!  Thank her for letting us in and for giving me a pretty, happily ever after place, that I can go to escape the madness that is my world with my own private 7yr old twin monsters!
B0033AGPF8|5.0|If you are reading this, of course you know this is a keeper of major proportions. As for the sound, in a word, it's phenomenal. One very minor point here: a prior reviewer did make note of the bass boost and when I first put the album on, the bass was a bit much for my tastes and did find this to be the case in a few parts of the album. This slight issue is more than offset many times over by the absolute overall clarity. I might also add that the stunning sound effects on the record come across in super fashion. The only possible way you will match or perhaps even exceed the superb sound here would be to purchase some very expensive Japanese import cd. Buy it and enjoy the wonders of vinyl.
B0037NCP8W|4.0|This is the 11th episode in the HBO adaptation of the popular Sookie Stackhouse vampire novels (the first episode is [[ASIN:B0037MNKDC Strange Love]], see my review there for the content description).<br /><br />A very good episode that starts to bring things together. Sookie's complex love triangle with Bill and Sam takes a new twist, Tara and her mother have an interesting discussion about their relationship, and Jason is once again having girl problems.<br /><br />This series is not for everyone and definitely not for younger viewers!<br /><br />CFH
B001EYGOEM|5.0|My 7 year old loves Taylor Swift and she plays this CD all the time.  The price on Amazon was great and shipping was very fast!
B001FB4W0W|4.0|True Blood is the HBO adaptation of the popular Sookie Stackhouse vampire novels. While I have not read the books, my wife has and she says that at least the first episode (Strange Love) is somewhat more graphic sexually and is more violent than she thought it would be. On that note, this show has a lot of nudity (both male and female, but mostly topless women), graphic sex scenes (human and vampire), bondage, occult references, graphic violence (somewhat bloody), homosexual characters, insensitivity to overweight people, and even a murder... so if any of those things are not to your liking you might want to pass on this series.<br /><br />If you are still reading this, you will want to know that this is also a very clever and well produced series that does seem to work combining the harsher elements with a good bit of humor and surprisingly well developed characters.<br /><br />Set in Louisiana after vampires have \\"come out\\" because they can now get a synthetic blood to curb their thirst of humans, this starts off with most people's impression of what a \\"hick\\" town is like in the more remote parishes. The main character, Sookie, is a fairly straight laced \\"good girl\\" who works as waitress in the local bar. She also happens to be able to read minds (not a spoiler, this is stated in the show \\"synopsis\\" and is obvious very quickly). Things get interesting quickly when the bar gets it's first vampire customer (\\"Bill\\") and around the same time, Sookie's handsome brother finds himself in some legal trouble.<br /><br />The casting was fairly good and the actors are mostly believable, which is a relative term in reference to a vampire themed HBO series. The special effects have been kept to a minimum, so the plot is mostly story driven.<br /><br />This is not for everyone and there is a big difference between reading about the subjects I covered in the first paragraph and seeing it expanded and shown in full HD in your living room. Definitely also not for the younger crowed either!<br /><br />CFH
0061544493|5.0|This is absolutely one of my Favorite Books of All-Time (when it comes to style advice). After all, who would expect anything less but the BEST advice coming from the woman universally known as \\"Posh Spice\\"? I declare this book one of my Fashion Bibles.     I will say, however, that this book is a little bit off for those that cannot quite afford higher-end designer products/clothes. To justify that, Mrs. Beckham has included some other store options & such.     All in all, this is a delightful read! I recommend this for a woman/girl of any age who seeks fashion advice from a classy icon (okay, so the Spice Girls wouldn't exactly fit the description of \\"classy\\" per se, but Victoria certainly does! So don't hold that against her! *wink*)
B0037NEJEU|4.0|This is the last episode in season 1 of the HBO adaptation of the popular Sookie Stackhouse vampire novels (the first episode is Strange Love, see my review there for the content description).<br /><br />Things are wrapped up nicely in this final episode of season 1. Both Bill and Sam prove how much they care about Sookie, Jason and Tara are headed down new paths (but not necessarily together), and Sam seems to have even more in his past than the previous two episodes let on. There is also a hook for the second season.<br /><br />This series is not for everyone and definitely not for younger viewers!<br /><br />CFH
0307712893|5.0|Anyway, what novelist could possibly dream up a character that even came close to the reality of Winston Churchill. You do not have to have a special interest in WWII history to enjoy this excellent piece of writing. A well written story of one of the most interesting people in history at one of history's most interesting points offers great rewards for any interested reader.    Though I have read several histories of this period, Mr. Hasting's work emphasizes several critical points I did not fully understand before. I did not fully realize the general apathy of the American public to the war in Europe. Not only did pre-Pearl Harbor opinion polls show overwhelming support for non-involvement, many Americans viewed German expansionism as not greatly more evil than British imperialism. It is not at all clear that the US would have entered the battle against the Nazis absent Germany's declaration of war on the US after the Japanese attack.     The book also illustrates the fact that what happened in Europe in 1940-45 still has signficant effects today. I doubt the Russians can ever forget that the rest of the world more or less sat back and watched them bear the brunt of Nazi agression, at a cost of over 25 million lives lost, a truly astonishing number even today. That Russia still harbors great suspicion of the motives of Western Democracies must be understood to peacefully co-exist with them today.    What comes through most strongly in this book, though, is Churchill's effortless and unceasing eloquence. The skill to use the English language as powerfully as he did during the critical war years is an awesome gift that surfaces only rarely. Though some of our current political figures occasionaly speak or write with great eloquence, none seem capable of it on anywhere near the sustained basis Winston Churchill displayed in 1940-45.    Most highly recommended.
159102594X|5.0|I found \\"The Blade Itself\\", and the two other books in the series, to be quite enjoyable. Joe's writing is fun and refreshing, dare I say baudy. A pleasant mix of characters, adventure, and the politics of power.     Is ambition evil? Sometimes the bad guys are the good guys! An excellent read while I wait for a new G.R.R.Martin book.     I also recommend \\"Name of the Wind\\" by Patrick Rothfuss.
0385504225|1.0|So very very stupid. I never write reviews but this book is so bad I was compelled to do my part to keep people from wasting their time on this garbage.
0307454541|5.0|Very different, filled with a lot of twist and turns.  Just when you think you got it, Larsson switches it up again. Really enjoyed the setting.  Couldn't put it down, up way to late reading!
B000P12LWY|1.0|This show is absolutely disgusting in every sense of the word. it's inaccurate, ridiculous, rubbish and  with a sex scene every 5 minutes it just gets worse. Please, we don't need to see soft porn when we're watching a \\"historical series\\". this show is appaulling and utterly disgusting!    I couldn't even get through half of the first episode and this is my reaction. YUK!
B001C4AFOY|5.0|Young Victoria is well acted, well written and beautifully filmed. For anyone who enjoys historical films with accurate settings this is one of the better ones I've seen recently. The family and political drama is captivating in itself but if you are interested in the Victorian era this film becomes something bigger than just a typical costume drama. The relationship between Victoria and Albert has resonated down to the present time as reflected in the numerous landmarks in London that bear one or both of their names. This film does a fine job in representing how two young people rose to such historical significance. I really enjoyed it.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|I was pleased to receive my package on time and in excellent condition.  Excellent transaction!
B002VPE1B6|3.0|This was a predictable adventure plot. The special effects were very good. I purchased this  on Blu-Ray and was not impressed with the picture quality. However, my grandchildren  loved the DVD.
B003A4IFDW|5.0|Her singing is excellent, as she is a soul singer with one foot in the church. No wimpy \\"American Idol\\" soul for her.    But, what makes this special is that the covers are not the usual same type of arrangements as the originals.  Each arrangement is made for her, and she takes it from there and really makes the song hers.   Highly recommended.
B00005JLR8|5.0|This movie was great. The acting was great, the ideas were great. I have some very specific bones to pick with other reviews.   1. Yes, I do believe a 10 yr old would say something like \\"I've been carrying this family on my back for over a year.\\" If you've never known a precocious 10 yr old who repeats what they've heard adults say then I feel sorry for you.   2. Living in poverty is not \\"bad parenting.\\" You are basically saying every poor family has negligent parents. That's a horrible prejudice. Not everyone can be well off and raised as such.   3. Unless you lived in New York in the 80's you don't really understand all the things in the movie, the good or the bad.    Yes I agree the little girl's camera is way off. Yes, they bring up Frankie at odd times, but it still makes for a very entertaining, heartfelt movie. I recommend it to anyone not looking for a Hollywood Blockbuster.
B001IBIHQ4|2.0|Yes, I was expecting Band of Brothers II - The Pacific.  But even without setting the bar that high, I was greatly dissapointed in the series.    There was a lack of cohesion between episodes, the characters were all over the place, you weren't sure who to follow, or who to like, and the writing was poor.  Cliche-City.    To me, the most disappointing part of the whole thing was that I felt I lacked the sense of what really happened over there.  In Band of Brothers, you saw D-Day to the fall of Berlin, step by bloody step.  In Pacific, there were disjointed battle scenes, between all the scenes of R&R in Australia, psych-ward stays, military hospitals, etc.  Just a big, weird jumble.    About the only character I felt was up to par with the group from Band of Brothers was Sledgehammer.    Disappointing.
B002RVZV9K|4.0|I'm a huge Edge fan, but in the end, I found his part of this movie the least interesting, perhaps because I know much more about him and his musical evolution.  For me, the \\"show\\" was stolen by Jim Page and Jack White.   To see a living legend like Jimmy Page discuss what is was like to develop his sound was incredible.  Then, there is Jack White.  I'd never even heard of him (not my kinda music).  Yes, the guy has some serious attitude, but it's partly that attitude (and incredible musical talent) that draws you to him in some way.  You want to hear more, know more about his blues and raw rock.  No doubt some of White's \\"attitude\\" is just performance, but you can't escape the \\"raw\\" energy that the guy displays on screen.   For a pure music lover, this movie might be lacking, since the only music you really hear are snippets from this or that famous track, and a few you've probably never heard.  There are no complete performances.  So what's to like?   It's hard to put a finger on it.   I'm not particularly a guitar fan, but I thought this was a great DVD.   You know you liked it when you wished there was another 1-2 hours left when the credits start to roll.   That's the way I found this.  Very entertaining.
0785825177|5.0|SPOILERS FOLLOW  Charles Dickens' 1843 classic \\"A Christmas Carol\\" tells quite possibly the most oft-told holiday story in the English-speaking world.  Though there have been many movies made, plays performed, and even other books written about this little gem, the best way to experience \\"A Christmas Carol\\" remains reading Dickens' original text.  Many people know it as the story of Ebenezer Scrooge, a hardened, greedy man who undergoes a great emotional change one Christmas Eve through the assistance(and occasional hard prodding)of three ghosts.  Each ghost represents some form of loss.  For instance, the Ghost of Christmas Past represents the lost innocence and kindness Scrooge endures in a difficult childhood and young manhood.  The Ghost of Christmas Present represents the love and fellowship Scrooge is losing in his current life, and the Ghost of Christmas Yet To Come represents the finality of death and the lasting sting of a hateful life.  Ironically, though the book is very powerfully about Ebenezer Scrooge, Dickens chooses to begin it with a discussion of his deceased business partner Jacob Marley.  Ironic contrasts power the narrative, as the exceedingly wealthy Scrooge is miserable, while his poor employee Bob Cratchit is a contented man with a virtuous disposition and family.  In a pared-down novel, by Dickens' amazing standards of length, Ebenezer Scrooge and Bob Cratchit are two of the richest character contrasts in world literature.  \\"A Christmas Carol\\" is a richly satisfying read.  It's been my personal favorite Dickens book for years and its versatility, brevity, and heartfelt power make a perfect starting place for curious readers new to Dickens.
034544678X|4.0|I did not expect or want a dog training manual, so I won't say anything negative about that.  I wanted a book to help explain a bit of dog psychology, or how they might see us from their perspective.  In that sense, I learned quite a bit.  Having always had dogs I thought I was pretty smart about them, but I see I still approached strange dogs the wrong way, face on, eyes locking, hand over their head.  Well, I won't do it that way anymore and passed on that information to my kids.  I didn't mind all the comparisons of human behavior to various monkey and dogs to wolves.  There is always the argument that dogs aren't pack animals, and they aren't, but they still can follow a hierarchy in the family, and I believe they should.  The human had better be the leader or it won't be a happy home.  Now, with no shame, I admit I love Cesar Millan and the Dog Whisperer show.  It seems that people think his beliefs/methods and McConnell's are opposite.  I didn't see that much difference.  People get up in arms because Cesar says he is \\"the pack leader\\".  If you have 20 dogs around you, you better be the one in charge  I can't imagine McConnell thinking that no, actually her dog Pip is the leader over her.  The human HAS to have control over their dog, and I believe Cesar and McConnell do that through 100% humane methods.  Neither advocates physical punishment so that is a big step in the right direction.<br /><br />  McConnell seems to deal mainly with her border collies but helps clients with their dog problems.  There are a few stories of how she helped her clients deal with their dogs, but not a whole lot of detail in them, which is fine.  The book isn't a totally light hearted read, you get some scientific study history, but it never drags and you can learn something, but I don't believe this book is the end all to understanding your dog.  With that in mind, my next book to read is [[ASIN:0307337979 Cesar's Way: The Natural, Everyday Guide to Understanding and Correcting Common Dog Problems]].Common Dog Problems]].
0307454541|4.0|A antisocial computer hacker and a womanizing investigative journalist team up to solve the forty year old  mystery as to what happened to Harriet Vanger , heiress to one of the most powerful business coglomerates in sweden. She was thought to be killed by a serial lady killer/rapist that terrorized Sweden around the time of her dissapearance. But every year on her birthday, her uncle still recieves a pressed flower in a frame, just like harriet used to give him. Is she alive and is this her way of telling him she is fine, or is this some kind of sick joke?<br />This is the best mystery novel ever, Not only does it dig into violence against woman,( a subject that is sweeped under the rug) it also talks about Sweden's culture. The odd characters and talk about sweden's unique culture keeps this thick novel intertaining.<br />Fair Warning - The murderer's crimes are discussed in graphic detail , and the one rape was so disusting I threw up.( But how the rape victim gets revenge on her attacker was pretty funny)
1423113381|5.0|Another great book series for Rick Riordan! I loved the Percy Jackson and The Olympions series, so I had high expectations for this book. I'm glad to say that this book met those expectations. I loved it. Can't wait for the next book in this trilogy.
B0020TS5LK|5.0|All the Blade movies have been awesome.  We enjoy watching them over and over.  I like this movie so much we bought 2 of them and gave one to my son in stationed Iraq.
0385733577|5.0|I loved this story! It just about LITTERALLY has everything a fantasy story needs. Great characters, magic, monsters, etc. It's awesome.
B0000VD04M|5.0|All I can say about this movie is that it is AWESOME. One of Burton's Best because it's the opposite of his big films yet he still Burton-izes it. A must see and must have!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This is the best movie out right now and that has come out in a very long time.  Bravo to the director.  Can't wait for Avatar 2...I pre-ordered this from Amazon and I had it the day it came out to the stores.  Fast fast shipping as always.
B002I9Z8EO|5.0|This is one of the best Star Trek movies ever.  Good humor throughout, just like Gene R. liked to make.  Still miss him!
B000FCKBCU|4.0|I laughed out loud at so many parts of The Undomestic Goddess that I would receive stares if I were reading in public.  But I couldn't help myself!  Sophie Kinsella brought her lead protagonist, Samantha Sweeting to life.  Her interior monologue was utterly amusing.  I was surprised to be able to identify with Samantha so easily.      Samantha Sweeting, high power attorney find herself cleaning houses despite the fact that she isn't domestic... and she's surprisingly happy about her new life.  Although by about page 30 you know exactly how this book is going to end, I enjoyed reading it very much.  Ms. Kinsella weaves an amusing tale with likeable characters.  There were a few parts where you might have to suspend your disbelief, but it is a fun, light fiction book full of laughs so this didn't bother me.  I liked the fact that although it's chick-lit and it's described as a romance, there is just enough romance to add to the story without being overbearing, sickly sweet or off topic.  Well done, Ms. Kinsella!
B000G8NXYG|5.0|This is a classic. I love how this set is formatted.
030745455X|5.0|I found this the second of the Stieg Larsson trilogy a great story but at times a little hard to get through, I would say that it's worth it in the end<br />personally though I think my problem was the swedish names, rather hard to pronounce and some were very alike, still it didn't stop the overall<br />enjoyment of the story. looking forward to reading the next one. ( the girl who kicked the hornets nest )
B002VPE7AQ|4.0|I loved this book. Seriously. The book is utterly amazing because it has many truths to it. It is ultra hard to get away from a gang. A lot of people definitely don't get out of it alive. And for Alex to do it all for love. Awe it just brings tears to my eyes. I have to admit there are times when you hate the boy. But in the end he just wins your heart. I felt like the ending was rushed. It wouldn't have killed the author to take her time with it, But it's okay. I Love the book the End.
0061353248|1.0|The author is very likable, but the work is naïve. He seemingly bases all his studies on student populations and then extrapolates those lessons to all humans. I cannot believe he is that naïve, but that is how it is presented. His example of honesty works fine for a college dorm of upper income students, but it would not hold up even in a \\"normal\\" college population, much less the real world. It is redundant of many \\"decision\\" books that are out, but for all I know he could have been the first. I do not recommend this book nor will I buy his work again.
0316066524|5.0|Upon reading the last page of this book, I felt many emotions. There was relief and even a sense of accomplishment that I had finally finished such a dauntingly long book (over a thousand pages). There was a little confusion and disappointment, for after all that brilliant text, the plot, such that it was, didn't really Resolve in the ordinary way. But my main feeling was one of respect for the author. This novel really was an extraordinary piece of art.<br /><br />It hit pretty much all emotions, humor, pathos, disgust, inspiration, etc. while canvasing an incredibly broad spectrum of characters, wealthy, poor, intelligent, stupid, kind, cruel, everything. The author has (had) a remarkable ability in two areas. First, his ability to put words together is as good as I've ever seen. This sounds like an obvious skill for a professional writer, but Wallace's turn of phrase is astonishing in it's impact. The second skill that Wallace possesses is a power of observation that would make Sherlock Holmes seem sedated. These two things combined really make for a powerful reading experience.<br /><br />I am, however, a bit puzzled by the configuration of this novel. It seems a bit disjointed. Occasionally some of the threads of the narratives of the disparate characters come together in subtle in-joke kind of ways, but that combined with the lack of a classic plot resolution made me realize that one could actually begin rereading the book immediately after finishing it and pretty much find that no less enjoyable (perhaps the \\"Infinite\\" of the title.) I actually did reread the first 50 or so pages because way back in the dimly remembered early pages, I remembered stories of characters I had only properly learned about many hundreds of pages later and I wanted to revisit them. But the book is so long that you can't possibly remember what happened 1000 pages back. If you put this on an endless loop on a electronic reading device, you'd hardly miss the beginning and ending.<br /><br />Speaking of an electronic reading device, I must say that any collection of 1088 sides of paper is going to be quite irritating to lug around and, ridiculously, it was something of a physical feat to just hold it open while reading it for as long as it took. Exacerbating this annoyance were the hundreds of end notes which required constant shuffling of the huge tome. Regrettably, they were usually either too essential or interesting or both to be skipped.<br /><br />There were lots of plot elements, but nothing really cohesive and some were downright ridiculous (the sinister ninja-like terrorist organization that is used for various bizarre plot purposes is composed predominantly of people in wheelchairs). Although there was no grand normal old-fashioned plot, there was a lot of descriptive activity taking place. If you're not squeamish about drug use, this book's incredible attention to the realistic details of unfortunate recreational pharmacology might change that. Another minor topic is tennis. Tennis isn't offensive to anyone (like golf) and those who aren't interested can simply overlook it. For me, who has always liked tennis, the incredibly rich descriptive discourses on the life of serious tennis people were rather inspiring and I've since taken up the sport.<br /><br />Overall, a magnificent and amazing work. If you think you might be interested in a fantastic book about modern American culture and are prepared for a bit of a long read, I highly recommend Infinite Jest.ctronic reading device, I must say that any collection of 1088 sides of paper is going to be quite irritating to lug around and, ridiculously, it was something of a physical feat to just hold it open while reading it for as long as it took. Exacerbating this annoyance were the hundreds of end notes which required constant shuffling of the huge tome. Regrettably, they were usually either too essential or interesting or both to be skipped.    There were lots of plot elements, but nothing really cohesive and some were downright ridiculous (the sinister ninja-like terrorist organization that is used for various bizarre plot purposes is composed predominantly of people in wheelchairs). Although there was no grand normal old-fashioned plot, there was a lot of descriptive activity taking place. If you're not squeamish about drug use, this book's incredible attention to the realistic details of unfortunate recreational pharmacology might change that. Another minor topic is tennis. Tennis isn't offensive to anyone (like golf) and those who aren't interested can simply overlook it. For me, who has always liked tennis, the incredibly rich descriptive discourses on the life of serious tennis people were rather inspiring and I've since taken up the sport.    Overall, a magnificent and amazing work. If you think you might be interested in a fantastic book about modern American culture and are prepared for a bit of a long read, I highly recommend Infinite Jest.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|Even though some of the historical events are questionable the movie is wonderful.  Both Blunt and Friend are totally enjoyable to watch.  Highly recommend.  Not   necessarily a \\"chick flick\\"....but could be.   Lindy Friedman
6302158095|4.0|&#34;Fantasia&#34; (1940) includes some of the finest moments in animation history, yet proved a critical and financial disaster when first released. In 1990, the film's original Leopold Stokowski soundtrack was fully restored along with a pristine 35mm master print. As a result, Walt Disney's once-in-a-lifetime achievement looks and sounds terrific — particularly in the segments of Tchaikovsky's &#34;Nutcracker Suite,&#34; Ponchielli's &#34;The Dance of the Hours&#34; and Stravinsky's &#34;Rite of Spring&#34; that blend classical music with seamless animation. In terms of sheer visual brilliance, nothing beats Disney's rendition of Moussorgsky's &#34;Night on Bald Mountain&#34; and Dukas' &#34;The Sorcerer's Apprentice&#34; (perhaps the best Mickey Mouse cartoon ever produced). Equally impressive is the abstract experimentation of Bach's &#34;Toccata and Fugue in D Minor&#34; based on the work of artist Oskar Fischinger. As long as Disney ventured into new and challenging directions, &#34;Fantasia&#34; maintained the sophisticated conception of an animated symphony. Unfortunately, when he reverted back to the sappy Disney formula, his &#34;Concert Feature&#34; suffered accordingly. The appalling interpretation of Beethoven's &#34;Pastoral Symphony&#34; (with its ludicrous centaurs) must rank among Disney's worst efforts and represents the film's nadir. Though beautifully detailed, the anti-climactic finale of Schubert's &#34;Ave Maria&#34; ends the ambitious production on a rather limp note. Despite occasional missteps, &#34;Fantasia&#34; represents the Disney studio at the peak of its artistic powers. The best segments inspire awe and wonderment unlike any animated feature.
B000002GYR|3.0|I hadn't heard any of Tom Waits' music before I stumbled onto a compilation album ('Used Songs') from his time at Elektra, which was the most astonishing musical discovery for me since I'd found Art Pepper and Miles Davis a few years prior.  Still, I did not expect ''Closing Time' to have the same transcendent power  Mr. Waits so effortlessly weaves in his later work - my clue was that the only song from his initial album to make it onto the compilation is 'Ol' 55', which hinted to me that it took some time for his abilities to develop.  Regardless, I wanted to begin at the beginning, and observe the maturation process - sealed in wax, so to speak.  And in that sense, the biggest hurdle the Tom Waits of 'Closing Time' has to overcome is competition with the older, more seasoned version of himself.      Obviously this album is well-liked.  It isn't my intention to insult other fans of Mr. Waits' by judging this album by his later efforts, but there is simply not the same feeling to the absorbed, introspective songs on 'Closing Time' as the samples I've heard from 'Small Change' and 'Heartattack and Vine'.  The difference is perspective - 'Closing Time' is a collection of lonely ruminations, from the bluesy, Dylanesque 'Old Shoes', to the jazz standard sound of 'Little Trip to Heaven' and 'Midnight Lullaby'.  In its entirety, the album sounds like bits of a young man's poetry scratched down and matched up with a base, a horn and a piano - melancholy and benign, if tuneful.      Compared to the tumultuous, relentless, unsparing vignettes he crafted with his later efforts, this album doesn't sound so much innocent as cocooned.  Not that there's anything wrong with that, as the saying goes.  There are probably many people who would find this album easier to listen to than some of the more abrasive, musically and lyrically challenging songs he came up with later, but to my mind, Tom Waits isn't about being easy, and he certainly isn't about nice, which is what this albumis - nice.      Unfair as it may be to compare the early Tom Waits with the new, the simple fact is that if you are considering this album because you enjoyed his later music, it's doubtful you will find the same attitude.  You may like this one anyway, and it's true that this album holds up as well as most singer/songwriter efforts from the early seventies, but it's also true that that his best was yet to come.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|Zach (Trevor Wright) is a young man trapped between family obligations, his need to be an artist and his growing recognition of his homosexuality.  He is stuck in a painful life.  He escapes by surfing, by doing art when he can and by taking care of his nephew Cody (Jackson Wurth).  Change comes when he falls in love with Shaun (Brad Rowe).    This story is brilliantly written and directed by Jonah Markowitz.  It fits together beautifully with no false notes.  Though all of the actors are excellent, I would like to single out Trevor Wright.  He was able to show a young man with his emotions on hold and then show the intense joy experienced by the same young man when he finds love.  Extraordinary.  You will want to see this film many many times.
B0015FHDRW|5.0|This album is awesome, an interesting side project by Green Day. I could recognize Green Day's style within the music, but it's also different from the music the band has produced. The album sounds more like Green Day's earlier music, and even ties to music pre-Green Day. I would definitely reccommend this to any Green Day fan as a new experience of the band's talent (even if under a new name).
B000SJJCX4|5.0|This tuner is GREAT ... I read a review that this tuner was not as quick as a Boss tuner, not True ... It does take about 6 seconds to \\"warm-up\\" from when you first plug in your guitar chord ... but after that ... it works great. I had a Boss tuner that died on me, and I could not see paying $100.00+ for another one at this time ... I'm glad I brought the Behringer TU300 ... Get one! you'll love it!!!!!!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This was so eye opening that I shared it with my entire staff.  My thoughts after viewing this are buy local,regional, and seasonal.  This is a must view for all especially those working with families  with health concerns such as childhood obesity and diabetes.What may  seem to be healthy choices may be harming us.
B000KN9G3Y|5.0|This was my final purchase on all the DM reissue series in SACD. As per previous releases, the SACD quality is simply outstanding. The sound on this SACD, compared to the original audio cd is beyond words. However, this is NOT the best sounding release in the series, as Violator or Black Celebration take this honor.  If you are a fan of The Mode and want the best sounding release, pick this one up.
0312330537|5.0|This is the most fascinating story I have ever read. A beautiful love story between \\"Shantaram\\" and Karla and his friends and also his love for his enemies.   His choice of words to paint a feeling or a scene is uniqe and never repeats. This nearly 1000 page book can be read over months without losing the thread since each chapter has a life of its own. I recommend the author's website [...]
B002ZG98J6|3.0|Wow, $27.49.   Blu ray disks are still way over priced.  Not gonna happen.
B001FB5634|4.0|I did not read the book.  I'd not seen a preview either, so I went into this film blind.<br /><br />It's easy to understand, in a post apocalyptic world a man and his son struggle to survive in the most basic sense of the word - food, shelter, and warmth - not to freeze, get killed or eaten, and not to starve.<br /><br />The acting is exceptional.  I didn't pick the movie out, but I sat there through the whole thing with my eyes glued to the screen, even as I got uncomfortable at the suspense in some parts.  The suspense is not what I'd call gripping - it's very well done, more realistic, sometimes queasy might be a better word for it than griping.<br /><br />Some might find it disturbing.  It really was.<br /><br />I'd give it a full 5 stars but a few things just didn't make sense to me, probably because I didn't read the book.  I can't figure out why all the bugs, plants and animals died, but there were still people.  The earth obviously had not been sterilized, but nothing was growing.  I wanted to know why but it never said. Were the oceans dead too? I could have used a bit more explanation about that.<br /><br />Definitely worth seeing.
1402555989|5.0|This wonderful novel provides the reader/listener with an insight into Autism which is truly useful.  I have read  and listened to it using both mediums and have gained information and appreciation of this condition.  The audio version is specially well done.  Such readings add a dimension that brings the characters and situations even closer than does the reading but the reader requires very special skills, which this audio version offers.     I found the audio version through Amazon which connected me to the individual that was selling the product as used.  The entire transaction went well.
B000Q66PXE|5.0|My husband love anything about \\"Roman\\" history or dramas or books on the subject. This was great because he was able to see all the episodes again whenever he wanted.
0393072231|5.0|The Big Short, by insider Michael Lewis, describes perfectly, in language and style anyone can understand, the actual mechanics of the 2008 financial disaster that rocked the world and wiped out trillions in wealth. He details how and when this debacle began. He is brutally frank with names, dates, places and institutions and who, what, when and where and how all this happened. When you read this, you will unquestionably understand the incredible atmosphere of unbridled speculation that I believe resembled a large crap game, side bets and all. You will understand just how and why Goldman Sachs bet against their own clients. You will get a front row seat at the debacle of the symbiotic relationship of rating agency and financial consultant. You need to read this book to understand the critical importance of how legislation enacted after the great depression of the 1930's that protected us from financial shenanigans, was slowly repealed in the preceding administrations, allowing this catastrophe to occur. Essentially, the Big Short truly is, the biggest short ever written, and it was written against us!
0743270754|5.0|You know, I'm not going to spoil it for you.  I was born on Lincolns birthday, and I read biographies and Civil War books about this man as a hobby.<br /><br />What makes this book different?  Well, let me explain how typical authors write books in the past.  They consider themselves \\"good writers\\", thinking their style is THE key.  So they read other writers work as their sources, and then write the biography.  Hence they repeat the same tired mistakes and misrepresentations.<br /><br />But there is a NEW breed these past 2 decades of writers to whom that isn't good enough.  Good writing isn't enough, you need spot on sourcing.  In this, Doris Kearns Goodwin does thorough research.  Some of the best I've read.  First sources like letters from surrounding family members of secretaries to cross check individual accounts of events and she points out some of the discrepancies as well.<br /><br />What makes this so illuminating about Lincoln is that it's really a number of Biographies that tie in together.<br /><br />NEVER have I read about the Lincoln-Steward relationship in such detail and so revealingly.  And after reading dozens and dozens of books about Lincoln, I found myself learning new things by the pail full about Lincoln, his administration, his relationships, and his leadership style.  Instead of \\"another\\" book about Lincoln, this is more like THE book about Lincoln.<br /><br />This so richly deserves it's Pulitzer Prize, because this book is nothing short of Brilliant.<br /><br />To put it another way, it's the \\"Godfather\\" of Lincoln Books.
B0000C0FJB|5.0|I am a big fan of these guys and have all the albums, DVDs, etc but RIO is still one that I watch a lot. This show captures over 50 or 60,000 audience members all rocking to the songs. This great \\"fan\\" energy I think propels the show, the songs.
0060594896|4.0|To be honest I'm not really a buy self-help books kind of person. However, I absolutely love to learn and read and this book offered me the opportunity to do both! Simultaneously. I must admit it didn't receive five stars from me because like many self-help gurus, Canfield motivates and offers superb insights but doesn't lay out a secure action plan. I honestly, believe he didn't because the book is soooo vast and majorly complete that he figured if you're applying and living the principals that is your action plan. For example, Meagan R. Holub's The Magic Touch: How to make $100,000 per year as a massage Therapist, is a text that isn't nearly as robust in page length but actually gives a road map making it a perfect read for recent grad's and licensed pro's alike. . Lastly, Canfield's book is uber-encouraging and provides an educated spin on so many principals that many of us already know to be of value
1400052173|5.0|This will easily be the best book I read this year. An utterly fascinating history of not only Ms. Lacks but cervical cancer, cancer treatment, cell enculturation, and medical practice. The writing is pitch-perfect storytelling based on hard-won, expert research.  Don't miss out!
055357342X|5.0|I generally do not review books here, because I don't have the literary style that most of the critics do.   I had read the first two of this series, and thought they were great, so I ordered the third and fourth.   In between I read another novel, but couldn't get the characters out of my mind.   A Storm of Swords has been a tremendous read.   I can't say enough about it.      Now I start the final in the series.    MikenOKC
B000VMFDW2|5.0|This is a riveting story of Sledge's WWII experiences. He writes in a very easy to follow manner, while giving you great details as to what was going on. As far as I'm concerned, this book should be strongly recommended reading in our schools.
B0036EH3WK|2.0|Watch the final episode of Lost, and pretend like it actually is what they made it into- a movie. Pretend that you have never seen it before, and you're settling down for an hour and forty-five minutes that you could spend watching any other movie.<br /><br />The first thing you'd notice about this one is that you don't recognize any of the actors, besides that Hobbit and the Korean dude who plays small roles in a lot of stuff. This would cause you to groan, 'oh man, this is a straight to video movie.' You would then quickly notice that you were right: vague metaphors that go nowhere, cheesy themeless music, melodramatic caricature-characters, cheap sets, spineless dialogue.<br /><br />Were the credits to be your magical memory-restoration moment, you would think about it in relation to the show in general. Where was Michael in this afterlife? Why was his son so special? Did people's actions really mean anything- like, some of them were murdering bastards. That's just ok? Was this light ultimately unassailable, or were they still at risk at the end?  The best episode of the series was Richard Alpert's story- what the hell happened with him?<br /><br />At the end, there was no real character development, plot lines that they spent a lot of time on that either went nowhere or proved meaningless, and a rushed fizzle of a finale with 'the bad guy,' who wound up being a total wussy.<br /><br />The point of this show was to give you a sense of transcendent meaning, without ever giving you any real substance. It felt all along like it had so much potential, but potential is all it ever was- it never had the writing goods to make that potential go anywhere. Every plot line that reluctantly resolved itself wound up doing so between 15-25 IQ points shy of what it felt like it should have.<br /><br />My recommendation: if you've never seen Lost, watch the last episode first, and ask yourself: do I want to watch 6 long seasons leading up to THAT? Alternately, watch just the first season, write a list of the 5 most likely things you think are going on. Now cross off the 3 most intelligent, and cringe.<br /><br />This show was a total waste of time.kely things you think are going on. Now cross off the 3 most intelligent, and cringe.    This show was a total waste of time.
0743290127|5.0|This book was amazing!!!  I expected to read it over a month period, pages or chapters here and there.  No way!  I couldn't put it down.  I found myself, being in the Navy and on a ship (underway at the time too), reading this book when I was supposed to be working.  hahahaha  I would literally get so into it, I would leave my workspace and go to my berthing to read, so I wouldn't be interrupted.  I read this book in three days, and that was only because I had to do a little work and sleep too.  I love it!!!  Would love a part two!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0143038419|5.0|Eat Pray Love draws you in like a magnet to a refrigerator door, holding you securely like a grade A report card. Each step of Elizabeth's journey of discovery and adventure is like our own fantasy brought to life.  Her fabulous descriptive way of sharing love lost and love found will make you smile, weep, and rejoice. With every delicious morsel she consumes throughout her journey you will find yourself hungering for more.Every prayer uttered will be shared by you. Each page in this book seems to turn itself as you go along for the ride of her life. All I can say to every woman over the age of 35 who hasn't already read this book is; \\"read this book you'll be glad that you did!\\" Copyright© KatherinesCorner.com-for Amazon.com
B0036EH3X4|1.0|there is a stopper  stuck in the glowing cave drain.  ah, that explains it.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|What a movie, incredable, jaw dropping special effects, good story line, fine acting. This is an absolute must see. No question the best picture of the year, also best directer. James Cameron is the best film maker of our time.
B001FB4W0W|2.0|I've never read the books, but I thought I'd give the series a chance.<br /><br />My honest opinion is True Blood the HBO series is like watching National Lampoon meets vampires and rednecks in the bayou.  That's it in a nutshell.<br /><br />My husband and I laughed through at least half of it, it was so incredibly stupid.  And of course with HBO being HBO there are more than enough explicit sex scenes that could have all been cut out.  I mean we know the characters are going to have sex, but I don't need to actually \\"SEE\\" it happening.<br /><br />I definitely won't be watching the 2nd season.  I've read the plot summaries for each of the 2nd season episodes and as incredible as it may seem those shows sound even more ridiculous than the 1st season ones.  It's was a real waste of money for HBO to even create this series in my opinion.<br /><br />(As a side note, I LOVE reading vampire novels so the premise of this show being about vampires is NOT what turned me off to it.  It is the reason, however, that I gave in and wasted my time in watching this show.  Thank goodness I checked it out at the library!)
6305313687|5.0|I think this movie is important for two reasons: 1. It shows a side of white supremacy and white power organisations we don't hear all that much about (i.e. skinheads) 2. It shows how extreme it can be and how far hate can go. As well as how far some people go in defending their hateful thoughts.    I think Racism is an important topic in general. Racism that is present in the general population, but also racism on extreme levles. American History x Shows us just how extreme racism can be. It also gains a huge pluss in my book for portraying a white supremacy-skinhead org. in a relaistic manner. If you notice the red shoe laces of some of the skinheads, the boots and the red suspenders.     I've never really liked Ed Norton as an actor. I think he is fairly bland at best, but in this movie he does a far better job than in any other film I have seen him in. I like how the film draws in both of the brothers, how they interact, how they choose to tell their side of the story and how they view each other. I have heard/read that one of the critiques of the film is that Nortons character Derek and his storyline is unrealistic. I would like to address that. First of all there are people who join org such as the one portrayed in the movie that wake up at some point and realise that they don't want to be involved any more. For what ever reason. I think one of the more imporant factors is that this film Derek himself points of the consequence of his desition to leave: It is not accepted and he will be a target.     Secondly it should not be forgotten that this is a movie and the point is to tell a story and I think the cast and crew has managed to tell this story very well.    This movie is def worth seeing. It is brutal on some point which ads to the importance and realistic tone of the movie.
0553582038|1.0|I love this series, but I'm not going to rate this book based on the series (which is a 5+ star).  I'm frankly disappointed by Martin.  This book was half a book, and for the most part the boring half of the book.  As others said, I found myself just skipping past pages of filler.  I don't care if he admits this book was half done, it doesn't alleviate his culpability.    It was kind of funny to read him promising at the end to sate his reader's thirst in 2005 (!) with the next installment.  There is literally no end in sight for this series.  If he finishes the next book today, we'd be very lucky to see it in print in 2010.  More likely it'll be 2011.  Are we then supposed to wait 5-6 years for the installment after that?    Not that I won't read them - but as a personal protest I'm going to get them at the library.  I'm not going to pay someone to indulge himself and take his readers for granted based on the great (if you can't tell from how I'm reacting to the delays) strength of the first 3 books.    In short, read the book because you must, but prepare to be sorely disappointed.    I should probably make a rule to only read series which are complete, otherwise you're at the author's mercy as to whether he ever finishes it or not.
B001LF347E|5.0|[[ASIN:B001LF347E Merlin: The Complete First Season]]  Merlin has turned into a special time with my grandson and me. It is so nice to watch a show with your grandchild where there is no bad language or sexual content, yet so entertaining.
B000H6SXMY|3.0|The service on my order was great... got here in good shape and quickly.  However, the manufacturer's packaging leaves a lot to be desired... definitely the economy version.    The series of Friends in one sense is a fantastic excursion with 6 friends and their inter-related experiences.  It is a witty, well written humorous sitcom; however, there is another side that sneaks right in alongside all the fun.  It heavily promotes pornography through constant references to it, and the \\"acceptable\\" use of it among the friends; it boldly promotes homosexuality; and it definitely throws sex into the level of a handshake: \\"Hi, nice to meet you, want to have sex?\\"  It is implied through action more than spoken, thouh there are plenty of verbals!    Definitely keep it away from the young and impressionable members of the household!  KC
B002ONC9NC|5.0|From a purely cinematographic viewpoint this movie probably deserves only 4 stars: it's very good, but not spectacular as far as the camera work and actors performances are concerned. Still I gave it 5 stars because of the underlying story, based on Lynn Barber memoir of her life in the 1950s.<br /><br />The story is about young girl (Jenny) in her last years of school, preparing for college. She's very smart, self-confident, one of the best students in her class, she plays classical music in the school orchestra, studies Latin and French, and is expected to apply for Oxford.<br /><br />At the same time she lives with her middle-class parents in a quiet but boring London suburb, while real life is going elswehre: some people spend their time going to nice concert halls, traveling to Paris, dining & dancing in beautiful restaurants...<br /><br />All this becomes a possibility for her when she meets David, a man who seems to be able to make all her dreams come true. And - on top of that - he's young enough, around 30, and charming enough, to make him a viable candidate for falling in love with him.<br /><br />The only problem is - the more Jenny knows David, the more he proves to be a crook, making his living off anything from shady real estated dealings up to outright theft.<br /><br />Every time Jenny finds out next detail about dark side of David's life, she's initially appalled, but then she lets herself to be persuaded that there's nothing inherently wrong in whatever David does - as long as he loves her (and, incidentially, spends his money on taking her on nice trips, to expensive restaurants etc).<br /><br />Looks like Jenny would accept anything David does, and finally she agrees to become his wife when he proposes the marriage. But it turns out there's a limit to Jenny's acceptance. At the eve of her wedding she finds out that David is already married. Next day she goes to see his wife and a child - and this becomes too much for her.<br /><br />At the very beginning David tells Jenny that he's a Jew, and there are many scenes in the movie that show various attitudes to the Jews in the British society in the middle of the last century. Some people would certainly find this movie anti-Semitic (see, for instance, \\"British Film Gives `An Education' in Anti-Semitism\\" by Irina Bragin).<br /><br />In fact, this film can be rather considered anti-British or misogynistic, if one looks at Jenny's moral flexibility in accepting favors from David. It becomes \\"too much\\" for her only when it comes out that she's one of his victims herself. Also one cannot avoid seeing the way her parents shown in this movie as somewhat satirical, if not outright sarcastic.<br /><br />In general, this is one of the films which become more interesting as time passes, when you have a chance to think of what you saw, to discuss it with friends, because everything in this film has some meaning, not a single scene is wasted, everything is to the point. Takes some time to understand it, and it definitely deserves more than one viewing.e are many scenes in the movie that show various attitudes to the Jews in the British society in the middle of the last century. Some people would certainly find this movie anti-Semitic (see, for instance, \\"British Film Gives `An Education' in Anti-Semitism\\" by Irina Bragin).    In fact, this film can be rather considered anti-British or misogynistic, if one looks at Jenny's moral flexibility in accepting favors from David. It becomes \\"too much\\" for her only when it comes out that she's one of his victims herself. Also one cannot avoid seeing the way her parents shown in this movie as somewhat satirical, if not outright sarcastic.    In general, this is one of the films which become more interesting as time passes, when you have a chance to think of what you saw, to discuss it with friends, because everything in this film has some meaning, not a single scene is wasted, everything is to the point. Takes some time to understand it, and it definitely deserves more than one viewing.
B0036EH3XE|4.0|I just heard that the extra 20 minutes of footage is on the Complete Series, due out around the same time.  If the footage isn't also on season 6, I will be disappointed.  I invested in all of the seasons already and will not be doing so again just for the extra 20 minutes.  Aside from that, I have nothing negative to add about the show.
B001FB5634|5.0|Of course, no film can ever match the prose of a book if it is based on one, especially as concerns Cormac McCarthy's stark, raw writing.  However, the film version of The Road captures the bleak intensity, desperation, determination, and love very well.  The man's singular mission in what remains of his life is to keep his boy alive and teach him some survival skills in a post-nuclear wasteland, where there are very few animals or plants left, there is no law and order, and cannibals roam the countryside looking for victims.  It's not easy to watch, for sure, but it is worth it for the power of the relationship between father and son.      Viggo Mortensen and Kodi Smit-McPhee are outstanding in their roles, as is Robert Duvall as an old man losing his sight.
B00005JLSE|5.0|This is a great movie that is worth watching over and over again. It makes a wonderful addition to our collection.
B001O94FRU|3.0|I read Baldacci's books several years ago (early 2000's), and I remember them being spine-tingling and full of intrigue.  This one, however, didn't evoke the same feelings.  I'm not sure if it was the content or the fact that it was an audio book, but I did not enjoy it nearly as much as other books by this same author.    The premise of the book is that a duo of Presidential candidates, with their candidacies separated by some 8 years, are both the victims of some strange events - one is assassinated, while the other is kidnapped.  The book then ties this two events together.  It's a fascinating premise, and is a good yarn, but in the audio version the way that the lead-ins are depicted (the idea of \\"the party to whom she was speaking\\" rather than simply explaining who the character was talking with, are tough to swallow - I think they just stand out more in this audio version than they ever do in a written version.    I would say that if you're going to enjoy this work by Baldacci, read the book - don't listen to it; this particular narrator just doesn't quite do it justice, even though his portrayal and varying voices do keep things interesting & entertaining.  Three stars - mostly because I can't tell if I didn't like the story or if I didn't like the narration.
B0001I561E|5.0|Bought as a birthday present for my granddaughter.  Her mom said it was what she wanted most.  I'm sure she'll enjoy it very much.
0752866753|5.0|Darkly Dreaming Dexter is a masterpiece. Lindsay writes an amazing serial thriller novel which can be very hard to do these days. Not only does he write an amazing book but he also creates a character that readers will love for many years to come. I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for a good fun read.
B0024F08RO|2.0|I Absolutely Love Season 1, 2, 3 but when it came to season 4, i couldn't understand what they are saying most of the time. What happen to the Close Caption? They had it for the other seasons, but not for Season 4. I love the show, but it sucks not knowing what everyone is saying since i am hard of hearing and even though, i turn up the tv, it helps somewhat, but not fully. I was so very disappointed, most of the time, i am just fast forwarding.
0691142165|5.0|Very timely and important book.  Reinhart and Rogoff rule!  thank you for writing this book.
B000P0J09C|5.0|The movie came as amazon said it would.... I order quite a bit from amazon, and they have been great !!!! NO COMPLAINTS
B0036EH3XE|5.0|I still can't really believe LOST is over. The series finale left many ends untied. If you've hung on to LOST this long only to find out the answers to the mysteries throughout the series -- I'm afraid you're not going to get very many. That's left a lot of viewers rather disappointed and angry.    At first, it bothered me, as well. But the more I thought about it, the more I appreciated just how they ended it. Most shows go out of their way to give you a \\"God's-eye-view\\" of the plot, and for the most part that works. It's great to see threads from the early part finally tie up at the end. LOST bucks that trend by only giving you bits and pieces of the puzzle. But that's what makes it work for me: one of the morals of the story is that you don't get all the answers. You get only a partial view, and you have to decide what to make of it all.    On the downside, \\"Across the Sea\\" was a complete waste of an episode. It betrayed everything that made LOST great: it's a full-episode flashback that reveals next to nothing, is riddled with anachronisms (e.g. Jacob's mother only had one name? Seriously? If she were really a Roman, she'd be naming all the children after the father and adding a cardinal number -- primus, secundus, tertius -- to it to denote birth-order.), and translates everything said into English rather than using the language actually being spoken.
6304779607|5.0|Stallone is a Genius in this movie,COBRA,What do you do when you have some psycho gang going out randomly killing and tearing stuff up? You Send in Cobra, In his B.A. 50' Merc with Moonbeam disc wheels, This is what I remember most about this movie. not the violence or plot but the car! I don't like the way the movie is shot,it looks like a B Movie on cinemax other than that movie rocks.
B001DJ7PNW|5.0|JFK is certainly one of the best made films on the subject and it is for sure Oliver Stone's best - so far -. This new blu ray release is mostly the same as what's on the boxed DVD version. But the entire film looks just a bit clearer and the sound's terrific ! John Williams monumental score never sounded better !Lots of deleted scenes and more extra's.  I am still not really sure what really happened in Dallas on november 22 , 1963 but at least what Stone wants us to believe might certainly be close to the truth of that awful day in history. This is a wonderful release indeed !
B00000JMOF|5.0|Frankenstein is a classic, intelligently done.As far as scares go it might have been scary at the time but just the movie itself regardless is a work of art.
0307593525|5.0|This is the BEST cookbook out there! If you are just starting to cook, or have been cooking for years, this is a must have!
B0033B5XCS|5.0|To me part 1-5,(with 1 of course being the very best),2 being good,and 5 downright silly.represents the height of the freddy franchise. Wes Craven's New Nightmare was also good, If your like me who grew up on this franchise watching On WBFS-33, or wdzl-39(the most) then NO REMAKE w/o Englund will due.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|I have long believed the food supply in America is corrupt.  Overconsumption of HFCS (high-fructose corn syrup) helped pave the way for my Type 2 Diabetes. This incredible film is a \\"Must See\\" for every person on the planet.
6305263248|5.0|Ronin- Robert DeNiro is awesome, the movie is action packed,good car chase,good cast and locations. a very good and well done movie. Jean and Robert to me are the stars of the movie. I really enjoyed the story.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I love this CD because it includes enough dialogue from the play that you know the context of the song. I really enjoyed seeing the play, and now listening to the soundtrack! I can't wait for it to come back and perform in my area. You will find your self listening to this repeatedly!! :)
B00004Z4WR|3.0|I liked the original way better despite my hatred for Ford products/mustangs, I really would Have liked to have seen a Corvette Instead. Nicolas Cage is a bit of a bore too. The 'Stang Eleanor is in this one, Yes it is cool,cause it is cars nonetheless but I despise remakes.
0743298039|4.0|In this novel, Vida Winter, a hugely popular English writer, has commissioned Margaret Lea to write her biography. Vida's story quickly overshadows Margaret's, but there is one key aspect of Margaret's life that pervades her reaction to Vida's tale. Margaret has discovered that she had a twin whose death shortly after her birth has left Margaret's mother too bereaved to love her remaining daughter. In fact, Vida hooks Margaret into the job by suggesting that hers, too, is a story of twins. Vida's real name is Adeline March, and the fate of her twin, Emmeline, is unknown for most of the novel. The girls' mother dies in a mental institution, and the twins show signs of being afflicted as well, or maybe their lack of parenting has just made them wild. Setterfield has spun a really good yarn here, complete with a foundling, a fire, a murder made to look like an accident, possible ghosts, and a twist. The title stems from the fact that Vida's first short story collection was supposed to have included 13 stories, but the collection's title had to be changed because it was published with only twelve. The thirteenth is obviously her own personal story, which is even more unbelievable than the preposterous stuff she routinely doles out to interviewers. The only thing really lacking is romance, at least of the conventional kind, and the author tosses in a bit of that as sort of an unnecessary afterthought at the end.
B001NTJTUY|5.0|The above adjectives would be how I would describe this stunning soundtrack.    This music is precious to me because it was so very precious to my late grandmother. I remember watching the movie with her many, many times. Initially, as a young man, I was drawn to the science-fiction element presented in the movie, my grandmother Ruby, thought the love story and the acting brilliant, but what she especially loved was this music. Later I realized how special the film (and how exquisitely gorgeous Jane Seymour is/was!)and it's score is.    When my grandmother died this music resonated with a far deeper meaning, so much so, that shortly after her death I heard the title theme while shopping for a card in a Hallmark store and broke down crying. It hit me that powerfully. That was over a decade ago and I must admit as much as I cherish this music and as beautiful as it is, it is very difficult for me to listen to without shedding tears.    However, don't let that scare you off. This is just simply beautiful and worthwhile. There are some things in this life that are so fine and so enriching that we become better for encountering them. I firmly believe this music, this art, is one of those things...
B001794FOK|4.0|Jumper is a fun action movie.  I was expecting a little more science/magic explination of the \\"jumps\\" but the story didn't really develop that portion.  As far as a good looking HD experience and some fun action scenes, this movie has them.  I gave it a 4/5 because I think the story could have been better.
0385523904|4.0|A very convincing portrayal of what we already know to be true--that North Korea is a dreary, soul-destroying and murderous dictatorship grounded in meglomaniacal fantasy and a deadly foreign policy. Based on interviews with North Koreans who managed to escape to the South, this book put a human face on life and survival in a people attempting to survive unrelenting hunger, danger, and paranoia.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I don't care that we're retelling fern gully or any other story, movies have been rehashing the same basic storylines for years.  What I do care about is how in depth and wild the visuals are in this movie and how well the story is told.  Sure, it's predictable, but it's also fun, exciting, and at times, amazing just to watch the scenery.  This is a movie you really should watch once to see the story, and then 1-3 more times at least just to look around the world and see some of the interesting stuff included for the world of pandora.<br /><br />Also, if you take the movie at face value, rather than reading into it to try to call it a \\"tree-hugger\\" movie or \\"racist\\" it's a lot more enjoyable.
B00079ZACM|3.0|Conceptually, I think that `The Four Feathers' is very intriguing and poignant, even today.  Sadly, I don't feel as though it was constructed as effectively as it could have been.  Now I'm approaching this from a much more emotional and dramatic perspective, so don't get all defensive on the technical front.  The direction here, the acting, the set pieces and editing and whole mood, tone and feel of the film is actually pretty stellar.  I'm talking more about the script than anything else.  Like I said, the concept here is actually very smart, but I don't think it was written in the most effective way.<br /><br />The film revolves around a young man named Harry Faversham.  When Harry becomes engaged to the girl of his dreams (who also happens to be the girl of a friends dreams as well) and then resigns from his military duties on the eve of deployment, he is considered a coward by three fellow soldiers and then by his very own fianc&eacute;e.  Ashamed of his own cowardice, Harry becomes determined to prove them wrong.<br /><br />Like I said, conceptually this is pretty profound.  The idea of fleshing out the root of cowardice and the strength that can be found in adversity is interesting to me.  Having Harry basically discarded by those he trusted only to go through the self reflection needed to complete him as a man could have been engaging and poignant to the viewer.  Sadly, this was not what I got.  Instead, the film became swallowed up in the `epic' nature in which it was shot.  It became less a character study and more a heroic adventure film.  The film left a lot of preposterous plot points unanswered and became less concerned with making Harry and his apparent transformation something real and relatable and more concerned with delivering something that will make your heart swell.<br /><br />Sadly, Harry is not believable as a hero.  How he goes from coward to hero in mere moments with no real detail into the process was off putting to me.  This should have really focused on Harry the man and not Harry the hero.<br /><br />This had so much potential.<br /><br />Like I said, the overall package works and when looked at as an adventure film it has some strong merits.  John Clements is effective (if underused) as the protagonist.  He has a way on conveying a regal feeling of self loathing that effectively underlines his own grievances over his cowardice (or perceived cowardice).  Sadly, it isn't explored enough.  The films best performance though, comes from Ralph Richardson who plays John Durrance, the rival love interest who suffers heat stroke while serving his country (the heat stroke is a ridiculous yet harrowing sequence that leaves me with mixed feelings).  His internal understanding of his character's emotions is very moving, and he handles the physical disabilities phenomenally well; very believable.<br /><br />In the end I recommend this film with reservations.  It really had the chance to make a strong impact, and I don't feel that it does.  The heart of this film is missing.  Yes, it has the same resulting message, but it doesn't make full use of its potential.  Parts of the film can even come across as silly, especially the heat stroke scene (that was handled very poorly and unbelievably) as well as the final POW breakout scene.<br /><br />With `The Four Feathers' it is apparent the focus was in the wrong place.  Had the elements been shifted in the right direction and the films priorities been better than this film could have and would have been a triumphant film that still had impact today.  I need to revisit the 2002 remake.  I remember seeing it upon its release and enjoying it, but my taste has changed since then.  I'm not very curious to know if the film had improved on the character development.  I'll hopefully soon find out.n and not Harry the hero.      This had so much potential.    Like I said, the overall package works and when looked at as an adventure film it has some strong merits.  John Clements is effective (if underused) as the protagonist.  He has a way on conveying a regal feeling of self loathing that effectively underlines his own grievances over his cowardice (or perceived cowardice).  Sadly, it isn't explored enough.  The films best performance though, comes from Ralph Richardson who plays John Durrance, the rival love interest who suffers heat stroke while serving his country (the heat stroke is a ridiculous yet harrowing sequence that leaves me with mixed feelings).  His internal understanding of his character's emotions is very moving, and he handles the physical disabilities phenomenally well; very believable.    In the end I recommend this film with reservations.  It really had the chance to make a strong impact, and I don't feel that it does.  The heart of this film is missing.  Yes, it has the same resulting message, but it doesn't make full use of its potential.  Parts of the film can even come across as silly, especially the heat stroke scene (that was handled very poorly and unbelievably) as well as the final POW breakout scene.    With `The Four Feathers' it is apparent the focus was in the wrong place.  Had the elements been shifted in the right direction and the films priorities been better than this film could have and would have been a triumphant film that still had impact today.  I need to revisit the 2002 remake.  I remember seeing it upon its release and enjoying it, but my taste has changed since then.  I'm not very curious to know if the film had improved on the character development.  I'll hopefully soon find out.
B001EOQWF8|5.0|This movie looks great in HD and really is fun for all ages.  I can easily watch it with kids and actually was interested, even if the \\"lose weight\\" overtones were a little extreme.  Of course, with a GROWING population and so much child obesity, maybe it isn't such a bad thing to try to fight that.
B000002W9P|5.0|Great Album, Well I mean C.D.  I Just love these guys. They sound like reall   HEAVYMETAL group to me.
B001BTG3OQ|5.0|Very easy to use.  Recycle time is fast and quick to start up.  It is fully charged and read to go right when I turn the flash on.
B003A4IFDW|3.0|Starting with track 7, my copy skipped. I was enjoying It don't come easy and really inspired by her arrangement when it started skipping, so I skip to track 8 and the same thing.
0930289234|5.0|Amazing book, definetly worth buying. If you have never read a graphic novel, this is absolutely the one to start on. If you are a fan of graphic novels and haven't read this, you need to.
B001CDLATE|5.0|5.1 stars<br /><br />Boy oh boy, I was hoping that this blu-ray would do justice to the phenomenal depth and intensity of cinematographer/director Ron Fricke's Baraka, and rarely have I ever been less disappointed!<br /><br />This film, already stunning in its wordless narrative of so many cultures and natural wonders on our incredible planet, comes to life like no other in blu-ray. As explained in one of the extras, this is the highest-quality transfer ever made to BD or dvd. Yes, you read that right. It's an 8k scan of a 70mm print, both the highest level of their respective digital and analog technologies, and this BD is in fact even crisper than the original theatrical print, having been cleaned up in parts from the print's occasional flaws. I've never seen a better picture on a home video screen.<br /><br />There are few words to express how good this film looks, and few films ever made deserve this kind of perfectionist treatment. If one film can be said to more movingly cover this many views of mankind and our impact on this planet, I sure haven't seen it. Fricke takes his awe-inspring work on Koyanisqaatsi and the other Qaatsi films and moves them to the next level here. There are no simple answers or even questions, just images of Earth and its denizens, biped and so much more; funny thing is, we're the only species destroying the planet. That's made all too clear here, and the lack of words brings it home more forcefully, especially when juxtaposed with superb images of the immense peace and harmony present when mankind is not. The stunning colors and amazing depth of the images are done full justice by this frighteningly fine transfer; prepare yourself appropriately, turn out all the lights, and lose your mind in this one-of-a-kind visual experience, made even more intense by Michael Stearn's majestic score.<br /><br />If you have a hi-def tv and a blu-ray player, run don't walk to get this BD disc. It will redefine what your system can do, while reminding you that it's just a screen and that the real wonders lie outside, in reality, on a planet whose dominant species is quickly eradicating many of the greatest treasures to which it was heir, as we're mutely shown. This film might even inspire you to do what you can to help preserve some of the myriad jewels to which this work of art bears witness.<br /><br />Can't begin to recommend the film enough, likewise this absolutely perfect blu-ray disc, to all who love the medium of film and/or the planet Earth.d that the real wonders lie outside, in reality, on a planet whose dominant species is quickly eradicating many of the greatest treasures to which it was heir, as we're mutely shown. This film might even inspire you to do what you can to help preserve some of the myriad jewels to which this work of art bears witness.    Can't begin to recommend the film enough, likewise this absolutely perfect blu-ray disc, to all who love the medium of film and/or the planet Earth.
0765356147|3.0|I started reading this book several months ago, but couldn't get into it and put it down about halfway through, despite having enjoyed the first two books in the trilogy. Recently I picked it back up and finished it, and the second half at least was enthralling. Some of the thematics, particularly Sanderson's focus on the origins and development of religions, are unusual in fantasy books and interesting to read about. The end is clever and fits well with the rest of the trilogy. The characters remain likeable, including some I didn't expect to like, but I still didn't became emotionally involved in their fates. Meanwhile, the quality of the prose is poor. Sentences like \\"Of course, Breeze had furniture, while pretty much everyone else had to sit on the floor\\" would stick out in your average novel, but here they're par for the course. Additionally, the entire cast shares the same mannerisms, most noticeably the single eyebrow lift.<br /><br />In general, I would recommend Hero of Ages to those who read and enjoyed the first two, although readers should be aware that this book is the most \\"traditional\\" of the three: we now have a dark god out to destroy the world \\"just because,\\" which may disappoint those drawn in by earlier subversions of common fantasy tropes. To those who haven't started but are curious to see whether the trilogy is worth reading, my final word is mixed: it isn't for everyone, and I think there's a slight decrease in quality from book to book. However, for those who enjoy plot- and concept-driven fantasy (much time is spent on magic systems, invented creatures, and so on--not really my thing), this trilogy is likely to please. I was entertained, but I can't say that this book was above average.
0307269752|5.0|This book is one of those hidden gems that no one really knows about until they start hearing about the hype. For the uneducated, this book represents the first in a series of posthumous works done by a Swedish man named Stieg Larsson, a former editor in chief of a Swedish anti-racist magazine, Expo. Died at the still-young age of fifty, he left a series of manuscripts behind and these have become a sort of a publishing phenomenon, gaining fans in as far as Asia and America and every continent in between. But this series has teeth, has grit like no other, and the international success is well deserved. A writer of political journalism who has such masterful storytelling in his repertoire, however direct and clunky, is a gift rarely seen.<br /><br />What we have here could be described as a typical thriller hook: the plot of the missing girl. A girl named Harriet Vanger has been missing for well over four decades, which turns out to be something of an unsolved mystery. That is the impetus for Henrik Vanger's obsession in solving the case of the missing niece. Along the way, he employs a character said to be the closest thing to a Stieg Larsson literary alter ego, Mikael Blomqvist, a journalist, who in turn finds out a devious secret within the Vanger family. But the true star of the book (and the series, for that matter) is the seemingly anti-social computer hacker, who turns out to be the one who actually falls in love, albeit in the only way that she knows. But not before she gets knee deep in the case herself.<br /><br />If there is one thing to be said about the gothic and rather rude Lisbeth Salander, it is that she contains some of Larsson's own traits, as mentioned by many of his biographers. Not surprising at all. One can only see how this series became an overnight publishing sensation. The character symbolizes a sort of enigma on which the other seemingly strange happenings (some of them could be deemed to be offensive) could have been pointing towards. A mystery in female form, and yet she feels familiar, friendly even. Larsson's choice of characters feels symbolic. Consistent with the rest of the book, every plot detail, however clumsy and coincidental, feels symbolic in the overall theme of domestic and psychopathic abuse. Which is why, I think, Harlan Corben coined it to be a novel of big ideas, which it certainly is. Larsson does cramp a lot of seemingly post-modern furnishings to the story as well, but frequent mentions of Apple's Powerbook seem an overtly expressed obsession on Larsson's part.<br /><br />However, that remains a small concern, as the story does have some scary moments in which status quos are changed in an instant. Coupled with issues as raw and shocking as serial murder and rape, this book does enthrall even hardcore thriller fans, partly because of its intense shock value, but more so the charming articulation of the shocking subject matter itself. The crimes seem impactful and meaningful in view of the overall plot and Larsson's worldview never feels compromised on top of it. Although he writes in a Jason Starr-esque style that emphasizes plot above beautiful reading prose, the plot here feels appropriate to the book's purposes, the compelling factor of it drawing us in, making us turn the pages at a staggering rate.<br /><br />To experience such a phenomenal piece of work in depth, you need to read it for yourself. This is because, frankly, mere words can never sufficiently detail every single nuance in this book. It would be impossible to do such a thing. Just know that when you come into this book, don't feel intimidated in the least. Instead, approach this thrilling crime story with open arms. The dividends are bountiful.form, and yet she feels familiar, friendly even. Larsson's choice of characters feels symbolic. Consistent with the rest of the book, every plot detail, however clumsy and coincidental, feels symbolic in the overall theme of domestic and psychopathic abuse. Which is why, I think, Harlan Corben coined it to be a novel of big ideas, which it certainly is. Larsson does cramp a lot of seemingly post-modern furnishings to the story as well, but frequent mentions of Apple's Powerbook seem an overtly expressed obsession on Larsson's part.    However, that remains a small concern, as the story does have some scary moments in which status quos are changed in an instant. Coupled with issues as raw and shocking as serial murder and rape, this book does enthrall even hardcore thriller fans, partly because of its intense shock value, but more so the charming articulation of the shocking subject matter itself. The crimes seem impactful and meaningful in view of the overall plot and Larsson's worldview never feels compromised on top of it. Although he writes in a Jason Starr-esque style that emphasizes plot above beautiful reading prose, the plot here feels appropriate to the book's purposes, the compelling factor of it drawing us in, making us turn the pages at a staggering rate.    To experience such a phenomenal piece of work in depth, you need to read it for yourself. This is because, frankly, mere words can never sufficiently detail every single nuance in this book. It would be impossible to do such a thing. Just know that when you come into this book, don't feel intimidated in the least. Instead, approach this thrilling crime story with open arms. The dividends are bountiful.
B002ZRPQ5K|5.0|Under the Iron Sea is my favorite Keane album. Perfect Symmetry was a good album but I was expecting a little bit more on the third one. I found Night Train more interesting than Perfect Symmetry. I do not like Rap but these are Keane songs anyway with their very distinctive style, Looking Back is great actually. They are exploring different styles. The best songs for me are Clear Skies, My Shadow and Your Love. My Shadow is classic Hope and Fears Keane. While in Perfect Symmetry Tom Chapling sung very much like Freddy Mercury in several songs, in Night Train he is doing the same but this time with U2's Bono style. Night Train went to #1 in the UK Album Charts in the first week of its release being the 4th #1 for Keane....which means 4 in a row for them in the UK Charts (Hope and Fears, Under The Iron Sea, Perfect Symmetry and now Night Train). Great Job!
B00004SA8A|5.0|Franz Schubert's Piano Sonatas are marvelous confections that are timeless in their melody and construction.  If he were alive today, he would be writing silly love songs and making big bucks.  The DG box set of Wilhelm Kempff's performances represent enduring classics by an accomplished pianist.
B003E48AYC|3.0|I'm a big fan of Tim Burton's work, but I have to say that ultimately this one is a disappointment.<br /><br />I'd gathered from the previews that this was intended as a sequel to the original books. I didn't have a problem with that, and as far as the eye-candy aspect of this movie is concerned, it ranges from amazing to literally stunning.<br /><br />Which is what you'd expect from a Tim Burton film. But Lewis Carroll is a hard act to follow, and the story just isn't up to the challenge. Although it starts off well enough, with Alice now grown up and on the verge of being forced into an arranged marriage to someone who's definitely not her type, the story quickly squanders the charm of the original story's characters, degenerating into yet another \\"Quest for the Magic Thingummy\\" (in this case, the Vorpal Sword from Carroll's classic nonsense poem \\"Jabberwocky\\", which is the only weapon that can slay the fearsome Jabberwock and free Wonderland from yada yada yada).<br /><br />To cap this mess off, when Alice completes the quest and returns to the \\"real\\" world, the ending is more unrealistic (for the late 19th Century) than anything you're liable to come across in Wonderland. I'm sure the scriptwriter felt it would be \\"empowering\\", but ... no way, no how. And I really have to wonder what bad thing Depp did to make them write that awkward and humiliating dance bit into the end.<br /><br />I'm sure kids will find this entertaining (and a bit scary at times). The visual effects should make it at least bearable for any adult viewer. But I can't give this movie more than three stars, because it fell so far from what it could have been.
B002T9H2LA|1.0|What an idiotic film.  Don't buy it unless you have nothing better to do with your money.
B000LN7HUC|4.0|I use this as a back up..I burn 151 rum or everclear and it works fine... The only issue I have is that the aluminum pot turned brown/black boiling tap water. I've read you have to \\"season\\" aluminum similar to cast iron.
B00006LIRI|1.0|They don't swing ..no soul , stiff , grating songs I guess that's why everybody likes them
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I bought this blu-ray and dvd combo after seeing Avatar in 3D on the big screen!...  This is one of the best movies ever made!  The graphics are beyond anything I have seen thus far....outstanding!  The story line hits home in todays world and is right on! I recommend this movie for all!  The only complaint I have is the blu ray would not start automaticly on my new Samsung Player.  After visiting the player manufacturer's website I was able to get it to work!  Great Movie!
B002VPE1B6|4.0|Everything was OK, except the case of the DVD was cracked possibly from handling), which obviously I did not like. Otherwise the quality of the DVD was excellent so ... go for it !!!
B000001EUN|3.0|Like Judas Priest's release, Point of Entry, the Scorpions' album, Animal Magnetism, is often overlooked because it was released between the albums that are regarded by many as their best work (Lovedrive and Blackout respectively).  The most popular track here is \\"The Zoo\\", a slow dramatic song that is one of the Scorpions' best and still gets airplay on AOR stations. Other strong tracks are the gentle \\"Lady Starlight\\", the melodic \\"Make It Real\\", and \\"Only A Man\\", which features a great menacing riff courtesy of heavy metal rhythm guitar extraordinaire Rudolf Schenker. The hypnotic title track is also very good and was recently featured in the movie The Wrestler. The remaining tracks aren't filler but don't grab your attention either although \\"Falling in Love\\" is good. But that's better than the aforementioned Point of Entry which does have some filler among its strong tracks. While not a classic, Animal Magnetism does have its share of strong cuts and is an enjoyable listen.
B002ZG983M|5.0|Let me start out by saying that Hit Girl is the most B.A. person in the movie. This movie far exceded my expectations. I went in hoping it would be good and it was Incredibly Awesome. But in saying that *Please Don't Take Your 10 Year Old To See This* it was rated R for a reason. There were two little boys in the theater and their mom complained the entire time(instaed of just taking them out of the movie). So if you are thinking about a night at the movies do a parental run through yourself 1st and go from there. Hit Girl delivers the dialogue of a trucker w/o even flinching which made it all the funnier for me. And she full on takes down every/anyone that gets in her way. Be it w/ guns or knives she is the victor. Don't get me wrong everyone else did their fair share of butt kickin' but she was by far the best. A suprerhero w/o ANY powers at all just a need to be something/someonelse who makes a difference. You get to see what happens when an average guy puts on a suit and fights \\"crime\\" for the 1st time. Let's just say it isn't pretty. But the fact that he continues on anyway leads to much comedy and action that makes this movie one of the best I've seen in a long time. I can't wait for the dvd to see all the bonus + behind the scenes stuff. Go and see it, believe me you won't b sorry.
B002C6K7N0|4.0|Like Metallica recently did with Death Magnetic, Dave Mustaine and Megadeth have stepped it up big time on Endgame. This is their best album since Rust in Peace. Not a single weak track and new lead guitarist Chris Broderick appears to be the shot in the arm that the band needed. Right from the one-two punch of the instrumental \\"Dialectic Chaos\\" and the killer \\"This Day We Fight!\\", this disc grabs you by the throat and doesn't let go. Wicked riffs and wild leads rule the day on the excellent \\"Head Crusher\\", \\"1,320\\", and \\"Bite the Hand\\".  The mid-tempo \\"The Right to Go Insane\\" and the title track are also top notch with the latter containing a sick riff and excellent chorus.  The only time they really slow it down is on \\"The Hardest Part of Letting Go...\\" and even that's only because it's building to the controlled chaos to follow. Other tracks like \\"Bodies\\" and \\"44 Minutes\\" are closer in scope to their more commercial era but these songs are good also. They just offer a slight breather in the proceedings. Arguably their 3rd best album next to Rust in Peace and Peace Sells...., Endgame is a clear return to form. Highly recommended.
0393061310|4.0|i enjoyed this book so tremendously, learned so much from it, that i would have unhesitatingly given this a 5 star except for the last chapter on Japan. i'd like to hear other readers' opinion on this. it seems to me that that last chapter has an unsual tone of uncertainty or lack of confidence to it, esp. when compared to the rest of the book, when the author draws the conclusion that, a few hundred years AD, there's either a massive influx of korean people migrating to japan, thus making modern japanese direct descendents of koreans; or that there's a big influx, but not a massive one, thus making modern japanese a mix of koreans and the ancient japanese, jomo, people. but shouldn't this be discernable through dna analysis? also, why did he omit the fact that the japanese language is heavily influenced by the chinese language? about 30-50% of the language is still written today in \\"kanji\\". \\"kan\\" in kanji is just a slightly different way to pronounce \\"han\\", i.e. the han dynasty in China around a few hundred years BC. further, and this is my amateur opinion only, no doubt, but i often thought the korean language and the japanese language are very similar. in fact, if i hear something, and i initially think it's japanese, but upon listening further find myself not understanding it (i have very elementary japanese skills), i'll know it's korean. it works every time.     does this chapter not seem a little odd to other readers?
B0036EH3X4|5.0|I was fascinated with this show not only because of the Island or mysteries, I was like many people was amazed by the character stories and how well they were written and acted. I know a lot of people had mixed feeling about this amazing show's ending. About how little answers they gave but I think this was a very fitting ending to the show.  With exception of couple of episodes this was an amazing season.  Lost has always been character driven show.  There has never been a show that has been talked about so much.  So many genres united so many people otherwise would not be in the same room.  The Philosophy,the Mythology, Science Fiction, Drama...this show offered everything. This was by far the best show in last 20-30 yrs.  If Terry O'Quinn and Matthew Fox and the show doesn't get Emmy awards I would be very surprised.  The show has always been very well acted.  That is one of the reasons that makes this show very compelling.  Even though the show didn't answered all the questions (which they didn't need to anyway) it makes people keep talking about it.  Overall it was a very well written, well acted and executed show.  I will definitely miss LOST.  And continue to watch it on dvds. The writers gave a fitted ending to the show that has been loved worldwide.
B00005JPGO|5.0|Well-written, Blood Diamond centers on issues rarely heard of in the USA.  It follows Danny Archer's quest to find diamonds.  In the process, he runs across an African who knows of an exceptionally large diamond, but who like all people has a personal story.  Solomon Vandy's is exceptionally sad.  He is trying to find his family from whom he has been separated because of a civil war.  Vandy will lead Archer to the diamond in return for help finding his family.  This story addresses not only the issue of who gets all the money in Africa, but also the horrors of civil war and child soldiers.  Please be aware that due to the type of story it is, it contains much strong language.
B000VDDWE2|4.0|bought it on sale, $10, fast delivery; quality A/V, but not demo type.not as exciting as \\"ID4\\".
B003HARV3Y|4.0|I took my 6 year old son and some of my friends from work and saw this in the theater.  We all loved it.  Especially my son.  I then bought all the books and read them and loved them too.  As stated many times...the movie is not like the books.  So what?  They never are.  Enjoy each one for what it is.  If you watch the movie with an open mind you'll love it.  I'm now reading the books to my son one chapter at a time before bed and he's loving the books too.  My suggestion is to see the movie then read the book.  That way you won't have a preconceived idea of what the movie should be.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|definitely a demo for A/V, well, someone might not like the storyline, but 5.1 speaker and the big screen video will make those someone worth a buy!
0307594777|4.0|I just received my Stieg Larsson Millennium Trilogy set from Amazon and I have to say I am quite disappointed. I really was expecting all 3 hardcovers enclosed in a nice slipcase but they arrived shrinkwrapped in plastic, no slipcase! I know the ad did not mention anything about a slipcase but when you buy a hardcover collection like this they USUALLY come in a nice slipcase. So for anyone who already own the first two books I have to say you don't need this set of all 3 books, unless you want them all in hardcover...
B0013LPS8Y|4.0|I love this album.  This is what got me fired up about U2.  I love the passion, the frustration, the emotion of this album.   This album was the end of an era for U2 as they would go on to break new ground.  However, I always go back to this album as the pinnacle of their \\"passionate period\\"...sort of a trilogy beginning with Boy, moving on to October and then War....these are my favorite U2 albums.  - I'm not as thrilled with the b-sides (probably my least favorite of the remastered deluxe edition b-sides).  A lot of remixes, etc.    However, i love the packaging, pictures, lyrics, etc and am glad to have made the purchase (a used copy...the new price is a bit high).
B0036EH3XE|3.0|not the outlook - we all know what to think when we hear this remark about an ugly female. So, when the scenarists and the fans sell me \\"this is about the characters\\" stuff, I am completely disoriented, even LOST.     The series features a level of violence that surpasses \\"Mighty Mouse\\" or \\"Tom and Jerry\\" cartoons, the killings of people for no reason occur every few minutes, the treacherous heroes swap their allegiances and loyalties more frequently than they change their underwear, the people are caught in a sort of stubborn irrationality, and for no apparent reason they fell in love and then abandon their affections. Upon all this the authors pile tons of mind-boggling puzzles, mysteries, riddles, enigmas - all this only to resolve it by a sort of \\"A riddle for you: do you know what's shiny, buzzes and you cannot catch it? - No, I do not! - Ah, that's pity, 'cause I don't know either!\\" - and after all these you say me: \\"It's all about the characters\\"?  These \\"characters\\", even the major ones, were killed and forgotten without trace in each of the episodes. Who does remember Mr. Eco the Nigerian (2nd season). Looked like a great \\"It's about the character\\" until he was killed for nothing and erased from the plot? Just an example. The \\"characters\\" were more expendable than the privates in a WWI movie. \\"LOST\\" lured the audience into watching (and high rating) by mysteries and \\"more answers\\" - and defaulted on the promise.    It seems the script-writers climbed on a very high tree of their imagination only to find that they are unable to descend safely, so they took to the \\"Dorothy is back to Kansas\\" vaguely happy ending parachute.    And who is the majestic figure that reveals to Jack the final truth? Of all people, his father, a drunkard, completely lacking any moral integrity, without whom no Inferno can be happy! He is the Divine Messenger that ascends into the Heavenly Shining Light! OMG, what a mediocrity...        Alternatively,I would summarize the story in this synopsis: A) In season 1, episode 1, the 1st minute: The plane crashed, Jack, laying on his back, opens an eye - B) season 6, the last episode, last minute: several seconds later, the same Jack, laying on his back, closes the eye and dies - and all of this 6 seasons, dozens of episodes was a multitude of imaginary events that were only in his dying imagination, were not real, there were no mysteries to be answered, nothing of it really happened, just a few last seconds of dying Jack, between the moment A and the moment B. Now all makes sense. No need for answers, no solutions.
B002J8LVO0|4.0|When this album first came out, I wasn't so thrilled (with the exception of Wire and Pride).  However, 25 years later and with the addition of the b-sides, I'm very happy with this product.  I love the packaging, pictures of this album.  The b-sides is what really make it for me on this one.  Homecoming and Bad seem better live.  I'm not going to list all the b-sides but I love almost all of them.  There are 1 or 2 that i'm not thrilled with but an outstanding assortment of music there.  I've always loved Boomerang I and II.  Several of the others were on the BEST OF collection of b-sides...so it's a bit duplicative if you have that....but overall, a good \\"used\\" purchase.
B0036XN2L2|5.0|As sad as it is to hear that Scorpions are finally making plans for a well-deserved retirement, they did make the right choice to go out with an incredible bang for their final studio album.  This album contains a mix of styles from their popular 80s albums, touches of Crazy World, and the more modern sound of Unbreakable.    Raised On Rock - Excellent rocker that even starts out with chords very similar to \\"Rock You Like A Hurricane\\", and the blatant influence is there with lyrics like \\"I was born in a hurricane,  nothing to lose and everything to gain...\\".  Catchy chorus, great talk-box effects in the background, and a great ending solo that reminds me of a live version of \\"Hit Between The Eyes\\".  5/5    Sting In The Tail - A little different fare for Scorpions with a lot of wah in the opening riff, but a great live number with a sing-a-long-chorus.  \\"Bang, bang, rock with the gang...\\"  I can imagine Stone Temple Pilots or Sammy Hagar singing this song.  4/5    Slave Me - A short, but heavy song that reminded me of something from Unbreakable, and with good reason.  In a radio interview, Scorpions guitarist Matthias Jabs explained that this song was left over from the Unbreakable sessions.  This is also another song with some background talk-box effects.  The song is a little short for my tastes, but it is compact and squeezes every little bit of goodness out of 2 minutes and 45 seconds.  One of my favorite songs from the album.  5/5    The Good Die Young - I would call this a ballad, but a ballad like No One Like You or  Through My Eyes.  It starts out with an acoustic piece, then goes into a mid-tempo beat, and has a harder chorus like the aforementioned songs.  5/5    No Limit - Amazing rocker with a heavy beat, similar to the pounding rhythm from Led Zeppelin's \\"Immigrant Song\\".  It is very difficult to pick a favorite song from this album, but this ranks very high on the list.  This could have also been on the Unbreakable album.  5/5    Rock Zone - A fast-paced rocker.  Sounds reminiscent of \\"You Wanted the Best\\" by Kiss.  Solo section reminds me of the solo section to \\"Hit Between the Eyes\\".  4/5    Lorelei - Much better ballad than Styx's song called Lorelei.  This is a ballad that would have fit in well on Face the Heat..  This song also has hints of \\"Send Me An Angel\\" or \\"When You Came Into My Life\\".  5/5    Turn You On - This has a heavy chugging riff that would do Judas Priest proud, with a mix of Kiss' \\"Psycho Circus\\".  4/5    Let's Rock (iTunes and LP only) - The opening riff sounds like Mountain's \\"Mississippi Queen\\" with a huge set of cajones attached to it.  Another great, catchy chorus.  This song is not available on the CD, but it is available for download from iTunes and it is on the LP.   5/5    SLY - Still Loving You Part II?  Close.  The opening riff is very, very close sounding to \\"When the Smoke Is Going Down\\".  I figured out the riff, and it pretty much contains the same chords.  The solo sounds like a \\"Still Loving You\\" type solo, though.  I believe the song name comes from the reference of the song \\"Still Loving You\\".  Klaus explained that a number of people mentioned making love to that song in the mid-80s, and someone even named their daughter Sly because of the song.  While Scorpions lyrics generally have not derived too far from the topics of love, sex, and rock n' roll, SLY contains some of the most unique lyrics, involving estrangement from one's child.  5/5    Spirit of Rock - This is about the only low point on the album.  It is a good song, just not great.  If it had been on Pure Instinct, it would have been one of the better songs, however.  But compared up against this album, it has a difficult time competing.  3/5    The Best Is Yet To Come - Another amazing ballad, with a fun sing-a-long chorus that I can imagine a bunch of drunk people in a bar singing along to.  An ironic twist to end a wonderful album.  5/5    For those who have been pining for Scorpions glory days of the 1980s, THISis the album to buy.  Since buying this album (repeatedly), I have listened through this several hundred times, and it still is fresh, fun, and amazing to my ears.  This album currently sits in my top five favorite Scorpions albums, and I imagine its strength will endure for many, many years to come in a post-Scorpions world.
0743455967|3.0|Most of my enjoyment of Stephen King's \\"On Writing\\" came from reading the CV part of his memoir. As for instruction, \\"On Writing\\" is okay but having read William Zinsser's \\"[[ASIN:0060891548 On Writing Well, 30th Anniversary Edition: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction]]\\" before checking out King's book, I couldn't help but think that King found inspiration for the craft part of his book from Zinsser (starting with King's book title). If you want a more thorough understanding of the craft of writing I suggest you pick up a copy of Zinsser's \\"On Writing Well.\\"
B0039OGGVQ|4.0|Summarizing at the top, this is a very good well produced record. Slash is a prototypical rock guitarist in character and imagery and is very popular because of it. This has allowed him to present an extremely talented and versatile group of singers for this album, but fans of players highly technical in style will not be enthralled with the record as Slash is more of a feel guy. So much like Ace Frehley before him, he'll influence a lot of folks but won't be heralded for his technical playing and this record won't change that. That said I thoroughly enjoy the guitar playing throughout the recording.    The pros and the cons of the record all lay within the guest vocalists. While they are all strong vocalists (save Lemmy) and sound great, at many points the songs take on the flavor of the vocalist and the album struggles to have Slash's identity. I also wonder how Slash will tour behind this record as some of these songs just won't sound right without the original vocalist doing them...    My favorite cuts:  10 - I Hold On w/Kid Rock  14 - We're All Gonna Die w/Iggy Pop  06 - By The Sword w/Admiral Stockdale (just kidding Andrew)  04 - Back From Cali w/Myles Kennedy  01 - Ghost w/Ian Astbury  03 - Beautiful Dangerous - w/Fergie (other than making tons of $$$ I don't know why this girl wastes her time with the Peas as she can really sing when challenged)    Passable cuts:  08 - Doctor Alibi w/Lemmy  09 - Watch This (Instrumental)
B001BKXUOQ|5.0|Awesome! Perfect for the gym or after a hard day when you want to kick a$$.
B001FB563E|5.0|The Film of \\"The Road\\" shares a lot with the novel \\"The Road\\" by Cormac McCarthy.  Both are dark, quiet and brutal.  Like science, their simple elegance and unceasing truth are exultant.  This film is the best of last year, but snubbed by most major awards, altough an overall winner with critics.  Hollywood is afraid of films like this; a film with honesty and no sentimentality.  Moments of violence that are not stylized but horrible.<br /><br />It seems that the film industry has finally learned how to film McCarthy: let outsiders do it, and let it be close to the book.  The Coens are auters of the highest order and nailed \\"No Country\\".  Hillcoat nails \\"The Road\\".  Only time will tell if Hollywood (and the film ratings board) allows Todd Field to nail \\"Blood Meridian\\".  Somehow I doubt it.
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|Madonna's previous release, 2005's \\"Confessions On a Dance Floor\\" ranks as among the greatest improvements I've seen in almost any artist that I've listened to ever, considering how badly \\"American Life\\" turned out to be in my book.  With such a high bar raised with COADF, it was very difficult to even come close to matching it. The follow-up \\"Hard Candy\\" certainly is a few steps down from that but overall still is a very enjoyable release, and another good Chapter in Madonna's legacy of music. Overall, I can even hear echoes of her debut album from 25 years earlier.<br /> \\"Give It 2 Me\\" is pure fun and picks right up where songs like \\"Hung Up\\", \\"Sorry\\" and others left off. It is arguably my favorite song on this album and was a well-deserved hit on the charts.
B0029LHWKO|5.0|Unbelievable writer.  I was transported into this story.  This woman was a genius.  If you want to remember/feel what childhood was like read this book.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|We enjoyed the dvd very much.  We had not gone to the movies so this was the first time view.  Everyone should have this in their library of movies
1416550550|5.0|I'm an avid reader, yet this is my first amazon review.  I read 2-3 books a week and have been disappointed recently in many of the storylines and writing structure, and I don't read the vampire type/romance garbage that's out there now.  This book has reconfirmed why I love to read, and why it's my favorite pasttime, something that I look forward to, the quiet, the comfort of it.  It has been awhile since I've been so absorbed in a book, that I look up, notice how the time slipped away, and become astonished that I went through 200 pages in what felt like minutes.  That's what this book did for me.      Thank you Kate, for writing something that I will hold dear in my heart forever, for waking me up out of a foggy haze of horrid books, to write of that cottage which you described stone by stone of what I've always longed for in a home, the history, the mystery, the people, and hauntingly beautiful descriptions of the details most people look over.
143350393X|5.0|As a graduate student I've found that I'm always working on some sort of research project or paper. This study bible is an amazing tool for researching the most important things in life and I've loved using it so far. Here are what I see as some of the highlights of this study bible:    1) Size: Some people complain about it being too big, but I disagree. You're silly to worry about the size considering the fact that a study bible isn't meant to be hauled around on a daily basis. It's meant to be kept at home on your desk or on your night stand.  Having this on my desk is an encouragement to me and a constant reminder that there is always something to learn from God's Word. This study bible will provide me with a lifetime of new material to read and learn from. Like it says in the description, it has the same amount of materials as a 20-volume resource library and that is definitely true.    2) Quality: This Bible is very sturdy, well put together, and has an amazing cover. The trail design is perfect for guys to use because it simply looks manly. The pages are thin (like most bibles) but not too thin. I've used a highlighter and my Pilot G2 pen for underlining and it doesn't bleed through. The creators of this bible got it right on all levels down to the last detail with a high quality ribbon page marker.    3) Material: The notes in this bible are very solid, readable, and challenging. The color maps bring locations to life and do a great job of helping establish the context for particular passages (always an important thing).  The ethics essays int he back are an amazing bonus and they have given me incredible insight on some of the issues facing society today and what the bible has to say about them.    4) Layout: All of my previous bibles have been the two column format and this bible is the single-column format (like reading a book). I am never going back to the two column format. This is definitely an easier way to read the word and it makes it so much easierto capture passages as a whole instead of reading the scriptures like you're reading the side column of a newspaper.  Also, to get really detailed, the font they chose in this bible is very readable and easy on the eyes. They clearly consulted many different professionals when designing this bible.    I could go on and on. I'll just end with this: This bible is incredible on all levels and you will not be disappointed. When I get married and start having kids, this is going to be one of the first big gifts I give them. The ESV is an amazing translation and this is an amazing, rich tool for drawing near to God and trying to be more like Jesus.  I agree with one of the other reviewers when they say that it's worth twice the $50 price tag.  Just buy it!!
B0036EH3WK|1.0|I could have thought at least 5 different better endings to this show.    It was entertaining... But at the end, the show has proved to be no more than a cheap SOAP OPERA!    So spending about $200 for a Blu-ray collection? Sure, if you have time and money to waste... Why not?
B0039UTDA6|3.0|Come on, Discovery, Why must you assume Americans are stupid? We do not need Oprah Winfrey to explain this nature program using commonly used turns of phrase and cliche expressions. Why change the script for an American audience? Are we really so jaded that we need our education to be pre-chewed and spoon-fed to us? No, we are not yet to that point, although we may soon arrive at that desolate crossroads if we don't start using our brains a bit more. Which is why people may choose to watch the Discovery channel instead of ABC daytime TV or some awful thing. But wait, what's this? The very thing we were trying to avoid has made its way onto this pseudo-intellectual mental sponge bath. I have nothing against Oprah; she's lovely. but this is not her field. Discovery should never have tampered with perfection: David Attenborough. I seems to me that even the script is different. I do not appreciate the assumption that Americans cannot handle a British guy talking about smart stuff for a couple hours every Sunday night. Poppycock!
B002M2T1UO|2.0|I also bought the set when Amazon had the Gold Box Deal and after opening them I found the same issues as many consumers have experienced.  Even with the \\"protection,\\" which amounts to little more than two circular pieces of calender paper the discs had scratches all over.      And it really is a shame because this is really a beautiful set that's made to look like a coffee table book and the discs are near invisible if you don't look for them.  I was really hoping Sony had fixed this by now but it looks like they have not.  I'll be contacting Sony tomorrow to ask about getting a replacement.  Hopefully they've come up with a better solution to this issue than two thin pieces of paper, because I would really love to have this set for my collection.
B002UXRGLG|5.0|Even as an American from Georgia, I so much prefer the BBC version over the American version for one reason: David Attenborough. Oprah is nice, but I prefer to leave this to the seasoned professional. Attenborough has been with us nature lovers for decades (I can remember him from The Living Planet series) and he's still going strong! One can tell that this man really knows his stuff and is indeed fascinated by the material, not just as a passing whim, but a life long passion. He is a true naturalist in an age in which that is a dying profession, and his enthusiasm for the wonder and complexity of life on earth is really made apparent with his narration. While others read words off a page, Attenborough lives the lives of the creatures themselves in the brief seconds during which they flash upon our screens.
B000002GKT|5.0|In support of their must-have studio album, \\"Rock On\\", Humble Pie hit the road to rock their fans with their live performances. One venue they played toward the end of their tour in the U.S. was the great Fillmore East; which, brings us to the recordings there that became one of the best 'live' albums ever.<br /><br />The indispensable and highly regarded \\"Performance: Rockin' The Fillmore\\" was an immediate hit upon release and is remembered by many today as one of THE essential live albums to have in your music collection. Originally a double-album, Performance fits on one CD and from start to finish reveals the stunning, electric, and thrilling sound with which Humble Pie entertained their live audiences. Listening to Performance puts you in the front row of the show with Humble Pie right in front of you, and they aren't in the mood to disappoint.<br /><br />The album begins with a hard-rockin' rendition of Ids Cox's \\"Four Day Creep\\" that really starts the 'show' with a bang. Next, Steve works the audience up with his bluesy, soulful wailing before beginning the great Willie Dixon number \\"I'm Ready\\" done the Humble pie way: loud, hard and groovin'. The band then breaks into one of the great cuts off of \\"Rock On\\", \\"Stone Cold Fever\\", a soul-searing hard rock song with a classic riff along with some great lead guitar from Frampton.<br />Side-Two of the first LP comes next with a long, jamming interpretation of Dr. John's \\"I Walk On Gilded Splinters\\". The song begins as a slow, grooving rocker with Steve's soulful singing; which, continues to build from verse and chorus into a great jam in the middle to a fast paced lead break by Frampton that eventually brings the band full circle to a slow, blues-shuffle ending chorus. 'Gilded Splinters' clocks in at about 24:30 minutes and ends the first disk (on the original LP).<br /><br />Song number 5 on the CD begins side 3 of the double-album. The band breaks into a low-keyed, lumbering blues jam of Humble Pie's arrangement of Muddy Waters' \\"Rolling Stone\\". Steve's soulful, preaching floats above the music as he both sings the song and interacts with the audience, encouraging their involvement as the number rocks along. This jam also builds into a great hard rocking, faster paced climax, with Frampton playing a great lead after which everyone sings the concluding words in unison. \\"Rolling Stone\\" is a little over 16 minutes long and took up the entirety of side 3.<br /><br />The fourth side (song 6 here) begins with the Pie performing their great, uplifting version of Ray Charles' \\"Hallelujah (I Love Her So)\\". The whole band joins in on the vocals as they play a swinging/rocking rhythm back-drop that really pays great honor to the elder Charles' classic song. The audience shows great appreciation at the conclusion of this number. The Pie concludes this live set (song 7) with one of the greatest cover songs they ever performed. \\"I Don't Need No Doctor\\", penned by Ashford/Simpson/Armstead, has one of the greatest guitar riffs ever. Steve sings it with his powerful, soul-drenched voice with the urgency of an emergency room physician as the band keeps up the fast-paced, hard-rock rhythm. Frampton plays another great lead; which, turns strait into the middle-section vocal jam by Steve. The song concludes with the hard rock riffing that it began with and ends the album with a huge bang, just like it began. What a show!<br /><br />If you like 'live' albums, you'll LOVE this one. Performance: Rockin' the Fillmore is one of the great live albums of any rock era. Unfortunately, after this tour, Peter Frampton left Humble Pie for the uncharted waters of a solo career. This left the rest of the band looking for a new lead guitarist/song-writer/singer. With the uncertainty of that situation, how would their next album fare....? Let's just say that the future of the band was not in jeopardy and their next album, \\"Smokin'\\", would continue the band's status as one of the biggest acts in rock.<br /><br/>This review is of the 2009 Universal/Japan SHM-CD, 24-bit remastered pressing [UICY-94068] of \\"Performance: Rockin' the Fillmore\\". This edition comes with a clear, resealable plastic sleeve which protects the entire mini-sleeve replica. The original 12\\" inch, double-album has been fully restored to its original condition with all artwork/pictures and gatefold included on a smaller, 4\\" x 4\\" scale. The entire original double-album fits onto one CD that is protected by a clear plastic anti-static sleeve. It also comes with an obi, a English/Japanese lyric insert, as well as exact replicas of both original 12\\" LP labels, one of which has a production/copy number printed on one side. This remastered pressing is highly recommended both for the packaging and for the superb sound quality. If you're unable to get this edition, the 2007 Universal/japan remastered edition is also recommended. No other pressings have the great sonic quality as these 24-bit remasters at this time. Get one while you can!!SHM-CD, 24-bit remastered pressing [UICY-94068] of \\"Performance: Rockin' the Fillmore\\". This edition comes with a clear, resealable plastic sleeve which protects the entire mini-sleeve replica. The original 12\\" inch, double-album has been fully restored to its original condition with all artwork/pictures and gatefold included on a smaller, 4\\" x 4\\" scale. The entire original double-album fits onto one CD that is protected by a clear plastic anti-static sleeve. It also comes with an obi, a English/Japanese lyric insert, as well as exact replicas of both original 12\\" LP labels, one of which has a production/copy number printed on one side. This remastered pressing is highly recommended both for the packaging and for the superb sound quality. If you're unable to get this edition, the 2007 Universal/japan remastered edition is also recommended. No other pressings have the great sonic quality as these 24-bit remasters at this time. Get one while you can!!
0307454541|5.0|Stieg Larsson created a winner with this one.  The mystery was so strong that the reader couldn't anticipate the characters, their actions or the amazing ending.  Yet when looking back over the book, everything fell into place.  I couldn't put the book down, and eagerly look forward to reading the next two in this series.<br /><br />First there's dealing with a different culture in which it appears some Swedish men have tremendous anger issues with women, as written in the quote heading each chapter.  Then there's the pronunciation challenge because, even after story translation, the names remained the same.<br /><br />The protagonists are Mikael Blomkvist, a disgraced journalist, facing a possible prison sentence for libel, and Lisbeth Salander, an overly tattooed and pierced super computer techie with an introvert complex. These two are drawn together to solve the decades-old disappearance of heiress Harriet Vanger.<br /><br />Without giving away secrets, I will write that the book really delves into character development to the point the reader can understand each personality.<br /><br />There's abuse, danger, sex and even some romance.  This is a true mystery which is not just hype.  It's well worth the read.
B002VECM6S|3.0|I was so looking forward to viewing this movie as life was hectic when it came out at the theater and I missed it.  I was not disappointed in the movie, but the CD I purchased had several jump spots in it and a really bad place with no sound at all.  It was rather distracting to view.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|I purchased this for use in the motorhome, using my Sony laptop blu-ray drive. It does not work. Sony web site admits that it will not run. Hard to say how great it is if I can not try it.  The DVD copy runs fine. It is what I expected.
B003BKF696|5.0|Heard them on NPR's All Songs Considered and they somewhat stuck out in my mind to a point that I vaguely recognized the name when I saw the album. Clicked through the samples and thought I liked it enough to buy. Great buy, interesting and easy to listen album. Relaxing yet not depressing. Great melodies and each song is equally strong, lovable and unique. Great album even for someone who's clearly just been introduced to the band. If you like Noah and the Whale and the Postal Service you'll like this.
B003K3OF78|5.0|For anyone confused on the EP concept - EPs are releases with 2-3 songs that are either experimental, a collaboration, album left overs, b-sides, etc. Well, this has 8 songs! It has a rather polished electronic/radio-friendly sound. Lots of synths but transitioned to the late 90s/2000s rather than the 80's feel of their previous album.   1. House Lights - a brilliant mash of raw electronic sounds, intros, hoooks and bits from various Keane songs. It's not a medley, but rather a very cohesive short little piece of music that stands on its own. Like a Gordon Ramsey appetizer.   2. Back in time - electronic piano and ringing drums create a wall of suspenseful energy ala Is It Any Wonder but with a very different melody and architecture.   3. Stop for a minute - while the lyrics go against the grain of hip-hop values (wife = good; \\"gnarly broads\\" = bad) the sound is decidedly hip-hop. Very melodic with only short bursts of spoken word. If you are not a hip-hop fan (like me) it is still sufficiently interesting that you won't skip it on the CD and will find it enjoyable.   4. Clear skies - crafted to absolute perfection with falsetto vocals, acoustic and electric guitar, piano and fast drums.  Truly a new sound for Keane and among their best to date. Needs to be the next single.   5. Ishin Denshin - cover of a song that sounds true to name of the band that wrote it originally, the Yellow Magic Orchestra. It's simple with only 2-3 lines of English lyrics repeated over, however the message in those lyrics is so powerful and thought-provoking that one instantly forgives the song for its over-zealous catchiness. The whole thing is awesome and has a great sense of humor.   6. Your Love - A haunting mid-pace ballad with melody and dark lyrics that can only be described as beautiful.   7. Looking Back - apparently based on the themesong from Rocky, here used with permission. Sounds a bit commercial despite good Tim lyrics so decidedly my least favorite track.   8. My Shadow - an epic, epic song. Huge, haunting and melodic with nothing more than voice, piano and drums. No one else but Keane could have written it. Classic Keane but much developed since HF.
B002L3RVCY|5.0|This disc is awesome! To see all the glory of the clone wars in this compact set is so refreshing! The bonus features are all that one could ask for behind the scenes of the clone wars movies. I am a major starwars fan so I am kind of dissapointed at Dave Filloni (the director) and Cathrine Whitaker (the writer) at messing up star wars true nature. But it is sill better than nothing.    I highly recomend this for kids who want to grasp the world of Starwars and adults who want to have a greater taste of star wars. This disc is great to buy for any occation.
030745455X|5.0|Loved this one and the first one.  Anxious to read the last book in the trilogy.
1400052173|5.0|This was one of the best reads I've enjoyed in quite a while. In 1951 Henrietta Lacks, an African-American descendant of slaves and mother of five children, was diagnosed at Johns Hopkins Medical center in Baltimore with a galloping case of cervical cancer; despite a grueling round of painful radiation treatments she was dead within months. Her poverty-stricken family buried her in an unmarked grave, not knowing that a sample of cells from one of her tumors would prove to be what a Johns Hopkins researcher, Dr. George Gey, had desperately been searching for: an \\"immortal\\" cell line that would keep reproducing and reproducing ad infinitum. Unknown to her family for decades, the HeLa cell line would be responsible for many of the major advances in cell therapy and cell research throughout the rest of the century and beyond. Only in the Seventies would a series of coincidences allow the Lacks children to discover what had happened to their mother's cells, which would wind up traumatizing them even further as they fell victim both to scientists' refusals to tell them everything they wanted to know (while still harvesting cells from the family without providing adequate explanations) and to others' attempts to exploit their tragedy.    In attempting to write the story both of what happened to the cells and to the Lacks family Rebecca Skloot hit upon the terrific idea of narrating the story of her discoveries, so that part of what drives this narrative is her attempt to overcome the family's well earned paranoia and fear while finding out some of the other mysteries that continued to plague them (like the fate of Henrietta's eldest daughter, who was institutionalized before Henrietta died). What emerges is a one of the most intriguing interdisciplinary stories on the publishing market that blends microbiology, sociology, journalistic ethics, biography, and medical ethics, and which is held together by the personalities of Henrietta's children, particularly her unforgettable youngest daughter Deborah whose strong, lovable, impossible and unforgettable personality dominates the entire story. I pored through this book within the space of two days because it was so extraordinarily compelling.
B0038LB3YK|5.0|This is the first time I have read Don Winslow. He's good, very good. I burned through this epic tale of grim carnage in the drug trade centered around Mexico. Without preaching, the author makes you reflect on whether the war on drugs is worth it.
B001F0TM5I|4.0|Classic Quetin Tarantino and a surprising performance from Kurt Russell.  Tarantino's reputation as a star builder will probably be reinforced by the casting of stunt woman Zoe Bell to a major on-screen role.  His decision to re-create the poor video quality of the orignal grind house movies conflicts with the blue-ray format.  A must have for all Quentin Tarantino fans.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|My favorite movie of all time. Not a predictable boy meets girl movie. Not a chick flick. Great for everyone! Love it.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|I learned a long time ago not to listen to some lame brain who gives a very good book 1 star.  If I did, I'd never read a book.  This book was even better the second time I read it.  I slowed down on that one and let it sink in a little.  Very well done. It is what it is a history of the war with the undead, it's not supposed to read like fiction.  I'll read it again and see what I missed on the second time around.  It covers all aspects of the War with the Zombies, and I cant think of anything Mr Brooks left out.  I'm now very much anticipating a movie, and hoping it will be half as good as this book.  Give us another one, I'll probably read it three or four time too.  Thanks fo a great read.      P.S.  Always go with the majority.  You'll always have some butthead out there who trashes a book just because they're jealous they didnt do it first.
1400052173|4.0|Loved the book.  It's not an overpowering story (we know most of the history), but its a true narrative done in a loving empathetic style.  Skloots own story is downplayed, but we get a wonderful view of the Lacks family, practices in biological research, business development, and government   regulation.  We're left with a bit of work to do on all fronts.
0393072231|5.0|For those who like a good read and can not tolerate watching the news. Who better to navigate readers through the nebulous Wall Street meltdown than a gifted writer, storyteller who has been there himself? Not a scholarly book with indexes and references for those expecting dry, comprehensive finance literature. Just a story masterfully told through Lewis' exploration of a motley crew of characters who had front row seats of the destruction.
0385333846|2.0|I don't put books down very often, but I put this one down. There are more readable Vonnegut novels out there for the casual reader (like Bluebeard)
B003BZXHX8|5.0|Since there was only a limited amount of people that could attend this evening,  It was very NICE to see it in DVD so soon afterwards.  Loved it..
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I truly enjoyed this movie.  Not so much for a fantastic storyline, acting, but for the visual effect.  Reminded me of Jurassic Park when it first came out.  Kind of OK storyline and acting, but the visuals were mind blowing, which makes for a great movie experience.  Avatar is the Jurassic Park of the new decade.
1400052173|5.0|I would hardly call myself a reader, but this book peeked my interest. As a cancer survivor, I thought it might be interesting to see how some of the advances in cancer treatments came about as a result of Henrietta's cells. This book was amazing. It is truly a \\"can't put down\\" book. It has everything you could want in a story and it's all true. It is so well written and is very moving. Even if you're not a big reader, you will love this book.
030726999X|4.0|I loved the trilogy, but I must admit that I found the second book to be the best in the series.  This is an excellently written, and well thought out conclusion, but it does tie things up a little too tightly, and conveniently.<br /><br />I'm going to miss Lisbeth Salander though, a bunch.  Great charecter.
B001HN69B8|3.0|I liked this movie, I thought the story line was really weak tho. The effects and imagination put into it is amazing, there is no movie like it. Unfortunately, Heath Ledger, Jude Law and the mighty Johnny Depp could not save this movie from a story line that is like a maze. If you're not careful you can get lost. Collin Farrel was just disappointing in this picture, yeah...he was \\"Deadshot\\" in \\"Daredevil\\" one of the worst movies from Marvel. So, I can't see why they put him with Heath, Depp or Law. Good movie for the effects, the \\"wow\\" factor. It's weird and I love weird films, but the story line can leave you disappointed.
0882847953|5.0|This is one of the most useful books available for studying drums.  It is filled with practical rhythms that can be used over and over  in different ways. The possibilities are truly endless. These \\"routines\\"  are not explained in the book, but most drum teachers are (or should be)  familiar with the concept. If you own only one drum book, this should be  the one! This book can also be used for rhythmic study on any instrument.
B001FB563E|4.0|My wife and I saw this film, and I must say, it will capture you. It is great story telling, the acting I felt was very, very good. You often find yourself thinking, \\"What would I do?\\" If you were expecting a \\"Road Warrior\\" kind of film, it may let you down, it's a more realistic view of the world and the human spirit. Now for the warning, we found ourselves saddened throughout the film, it can be very depressing, because it leaves you with a sense of hopelessness. If this is something the directors wanted, they succeeded. It keeps your attention, and makes you feel for the situation but most importantly the characters. Viggo Mortensen, was excellent, you forget to think..\\"Hey, it's Aragon from LOTR's!\\" Also, the some scenes are very intense, very intense, the kind of scenes that would make your child ask questions. Great film, see it! But again, be warned it can be pretty intense.
B003JLA4KS|5.0|I was at the first show for TRIBECA and was just a few feet from Alex and Geddy who also spoke at the front of the theater....that was a great experience.   The movie was also well made with lots of old footage and great accolades from other rock bands (i.e. Metallica, KISS, etc.).      A must see for any Rush fan!
0307463745|4.0|From the opening pages of \\"Rework' it becomes quite apparent that Jason Fried and David Heinemeier Hansson are not your typical enterpreneurs.  As founders of the trailblazing software company \\"37signals\\" Fried and Hansson turn conventional business wisdom on its head by pursuing rather unorthodox strategies and techniques.  They have little use for planning and detest meetings. They view the world of business through an entirely different paradigm than most.  Theirs is more a \\"fly by the seat of your pants\\" approach.  And as you will discover in \\"Rework'  many of the ideas they espouse really do work.  So put all of your preconceptions aside and read \\"Rework\\" with an open mind.  It just might convince you to change the way you do things at the company you own or the business you work at.  For some, reading \\"Rework\\" just might provide the impetus you need to start a business of your own.<br /><br />As Jason Fried and David Heinemeier Hansson point out \\"37signals\\" began life as a tiny Web-design consulting firm in 1999.  After several years in business they were extremely unhappy with the quality of the project-management software on the market at that time.  And so they decided to design a software package themselves based on their own needs and experiences.  They sought to keep it as simple and easy to use as possible.  Damn the bells and whistles. When they completed the project they realized that they had actually created a marketable product that would be very attractive to other small businesses.  So they did a 180 and changed the primary focus of their business and began to market \\"Basecamp\\" to others.  These days Basecamp is is highly successful product that generates millions of dollars of profits annually for the company.  It pays to be flexible!  When opportunity knocks be prepared to jump on it.  Fried and Hansson argue that a company with a more traditional business plan would probably never have pursued this idea.<br /><br />Fried and Hansson offer so many sensible and innovative suggestions in \\"Rework\\" that I hardly know where to begin.  They abhor workaholics and posit the notion that \\"planning is guessing\\".  They resist the urge to be \\"all things to all people\\".  If customers outgrow their products that's fine because there are always new start up companies who will find the basic products they create extremely attractive.  They encourage companies to look for \\"managers of one\\"  that is employees who \\"come up with their own goals and execute them.\\"  These people \\"set the tone, assign items, determine what needs to be done, etc.-- but they do it by themselves and for themselves.\\"  Little or no oversight necessary!<br /><br />As you thumb through the pages of \\"Rework\\" you will find that some of the observations and suggestions made by the authors do not apply to your particular situation. But then you will come across some others that will prove to be something akin to a great epiphany when you suddenly realize that this solution has been right under your nose and is a perfect fit for your company or business.  When it comes right down to it Jason Fried and David Heinemeier Hansson<br />are encouraging all of us to essentially \\"transform the workplace\\" into something far more productive.  I found \\"Rework\\" to be a very readable, highly informative and surprisingly entertaining book. Highly recommended!and innovative suggestions in \\"Rework\\" that I hardly know where to begin.   They abhor workaholics and posit the notion that \\"planning is guessing\\".  They resist the urge to be \\"all things to all people\\".   If customers outgrow their products that's fine because there are always new start up companies who will find the basic products they create extremely attractive.  They encourage companies to look for \\"managers of one\\"  that is employees who \\"come up with their own goals and execute them.\\"   These people \\"set the tone, assign items, determine what needs to be done, etc.-- but they do it by themselves and for themselves.\\"  Little or no oversight necessary!       As you thumb through the pages of \\"Rework\\" you will find that some of the observations and suggestions made by the authors do not apply to your particular situation. But then you will come across some others that will prove to be something akin to a great epiphany when you suddenly realize that this solution has been right under your nose and is a perfect fit for your company or business.  When it comes right down to it Jason Fried and David Heinemeier Hansson   are encouraging all of us to essentially \\"transform the workplace\\" into something far more productive.  I found \\"Rework\\" to be a very readable, highly informative and surprisingly entertaining book. Highly recommended!
1606861670|5.0|I bought this book after hearing about it for a couple of years. I was not expecting it to alter my thinking about food altogether.     Pollan covers agriculture from the viewpoint of four meals from four different sources: industrial, \\"big\\" organic, sustainable, and foraging (hunting/gathering). His insights are crisp and at times provocative, but they cannot be ignored. While his view of politics and society is about what I would expect from a professor at Berkeley, he doesn't become \\"preachy\\" and entertains different points of view fairly.    I strongly recommend this book. From this book, you can branch out to other sources and books in the area to get a full view of our way of eating...and how it is killing us.
030745455X|4.0|You know, or should know, Salander before you start this second book of the trilogy. Stieg Larson does not lessen the pace or the questions the book raises about Swedish society. If the attitudes to women are anything like Lisbeth Salander has to deal with the county needs to clone her. Blomkvist, the star investigative journalist (is he really Larson?), is set on exposing the sex trade. Salander, against her better judgement, fell in love with Blomkvist. Wealthy beyond her dreams she returns from self imposed exile only to find herself accused of three murders. Blomkvist believes her innocent and sets out to prove it.<br />The detail the author weaves in makes the story convincing. At times, however there is too much - for us non Swedes. There are too many place names in unpronounceable Swedish. Gloss over them, only a few have any bearing on the story. I'm now reading the third (and last) book. I recommend the trilogy to anyone wanting engrossing diversion from the everyday!<br /><br />Geoffrey Lambert - author of \\"The Morozov Inheritance\\"
B0015AARJI|5.0|I needed to buy some replacement PlayStation 3 Dualshock 3 Wireless Controllers and they work great! Would buy again...
B00284BMBM|5.0|This is the first Rock Group since Bon Jovi that I have fallen in love it. Chris Daughtry has such an amazing voice and this CD proves it. My favorite are \\"Call My Name\\" and \\"Life After You\\". Definitely a CD worth buying. It's the first Rock CD I have purchased since the 90's and I was a little skeptical at first but I purchased because I loved \\"Life After You\\" so I thought if I like Chris Daughtry's voice that much why not. I am so glad I bought it and I am popping it into my laptop now to listen to while I type. Purchase and enjoy!
B002ZG977Y|5.0|I watched this movie after listening to all the Percy Jackson books.<br />The movie deserves special mention for its soundtrack.<br />Am sure the soundtrack will win or atleast get nominated for a Grammy.<br />Plus the movie itself uses 3D effects naturally instead of artifically like poking you in the face with a sword, etc.<br />Attention to detail is amazing. For instance the Scorpion slipping on a stone in the narrow path when it ferries its passengers is realistic.<br />The sad soundtrack during the Medusa encounter was heartbreaking.<br />Anyone who knows the history of Medusa knows her life is a sad one. The Music Director clearly has done his homework.<br />Medusa's head changes from beautiful to the freezing is a reflection of the Director's sense of knowledge of history.<br />The best scene was medusa tries to freeze the Jinn and he laughs as he is not of flesh.<br />Sam Worthington must be a lucky guy to act in two 3D movies back to back.<br />He does well.
B001HN694K|5.0|I had absolutely no interest in seeing this film, but was dragged to the theater by a friend I \\"owed one to\\" for making her see Avatar (brilliant graphics but dull story, and our bums began to fall asleep about 2-hours in).<br /><br />I'm 29-years-old and I adored Alice in Wonderland!  With no swearing or nudity, the film retains an element of darkness that will appeal to adult viewers while at the same time won't exclude the children. I'd liken the feel of the film to that of The Neverending Story and Return to Oz rolled into one.  Yes, Return to Oz wasn't that great of a movie, but it presented weird and unexpected \\"wtf\\" twists. E.g. remember the \\"wheelers?\\"<br /><br />I was swept away by the escapism and overall creativity of the film, and had moments when I felt as if I was a child again, fantasizing about riding the \\"good luck dragon.\\"  It's been a long time since a movie last rekindled that sentiment.<br /><br />This movie is a perfect example of why I once dreamed of getting into the movie making business. To create something of this grandeur that would spark the imaginations of individuals, completely taking them away, allowing them to forget bills and taxes and rent and work, if only for just a couple of hours.<br /><br />My one and only criticism, more of a whimsy really, would be that I wish a little romance had been thrown in... though the ending most definitely leaves the door open for a sequel.<br /><br />I expect the average rating for this film to go up once the dvd is officially released.<br /><br />Basically all you need to know plot-wise, is that Alice is now nineteen and embarks on her return to Wonderland roughly 15 minutes into the film.  Other than that, all I have to say is grab a drink and some popcorn, kick your feet up, and enjoy the ride.  You'll be glad you did.<br /><br />Back to stressing over bills for me.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Loved the movie, it is great in blu ray.  I recommend it to anyone and everyone.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|I purchased The Fame Monster, expecting excellence...and that's exactly what I received.  Knowing 7 of her hit songs, the rest of the cd lives up to expectations.  It's excellent to put in the car for a drive or listen while you're laying out by the pool or having a party with friends.  The music is fun and light and of course, Lady Gaga crazy.  I highly recommend this cd to anyone who likes Lady Gaga's popular songs or who is new to the pop scene altogether.
B0034JKZ3G|4.0|The movie was darker than I expected and may scare some children.  My wife and I enjoyed the movie.  Disney did a great job.
0071636080|5.0|My father-in-law gave me a great Christmas gift- a copy of The Presentation Secrets of Steve Jobs: How to Be Insanely Great in Front of Any Audience. I spend about half of my career using presentation skills, either as a business intelligence instructor, conference speaker, or technical sales consultant.  So I was really pumped that he got something I really wanted but forgot to put on my Christmas wish list.<br /><br />Steve Jobs speaks to a general audience and Mr. Gallo writes frequently about how Steve communicates about technical features in a non-technical way.  In contrast, I'm usually speaking to a technical audience that wants a deep understanding of technology - they're not looking to buy anything.  So not all of the material translates to what I do.  But regardless of what kind of presenter you are, holding the audience's attention is the first order of business.<br /><br />If your career involves communicating and connecting with an audience, large or small, this book is an excellent addition to your bookshelf.
B00008S2VG|5.0|As you know; Madonna is the queen of Pop. Madonna always had creativity for every album and it's always something new. American Life is my favorite album so far. After hearing American Life I had to purchase this album. The first single American Life is quite catchy but with a little bit of rap.    Highlights include: Hollywood, Die Another Day, and Love Profusion    Now I'm going to rate each individual song:    1. American Life- First single on the album. I wasn't quite sure if it was really gonna be a popular mainstream hit. The only thing that ruins the song is the \\"rapping\\" but overal good but could have been better. 10/10    2. Hollywood- Very catchy song with some cheesy lyrics. The beat is very good. 10/10    3. I'm So Stupid- My personal favorite. Madonna has a few high notes in this song which is absolutely great. Go Madonna! 10/10    4. Love Profusion- I believe is another single. Written and sung beautifully by Madonna. Another favorite. 10/10    5. Nobody Knows Me- Very catchy song but not the best on the album. 8/10    6. Nothing Fails- Now this is a great song with a beautufl tune. 10/10    7. Intervention- I find this song quite similar to Love Profusion. The lyrics are so haunting. \\"I Know that love will keep us together\\" 10/10    8. X-Static Process- This song is so beautiful, but hard to understand the theme of the song. 8/10    9. Mother and Father- Madonna sings about not having a mother when she was little and just talking about her life. Brilliant song and onther favorite. 10/10    10. Die Another Day- I remember seeing the film Die Another Day and this song was playing and I knew it had to be madonna singing it. madonna is at her best. 10/10    11. Easy Ride- Great closing song. 8/10
B0039SFKSW|4.0|OK, first off: let me tell you where I'm coming from. I am a serious prog rock fan, but enjoy lots of stuff, and always appreciate a well-written and performed song, as I am a songwriter myself.  I am NOT an Asia nut or partisan in any way. I had the 1982 debut record like everyone else, and loved it (I was 12, so take it for what it's worth), but I would more likely throw on King Crimson, Yes, or ELP than anything else the band has done (and I've never even listened to the John Payne version--Asia is Wetton's band, to me, and his distinctive vocals and personality in singing is a big reason I even thought about looking into this new record).  It never occurred to me to look into 2006's Phoenix, and I assumed that the band would be a pale imitation of its former success. I am not a huge fan of AOR rock (e.g., I don't listen to Journey, REO Speedwagon, et al), and have little tolerance for dumb lyrics and lighter-raising stadium rock moves.  But. . . .I love Omega. I read the strong review in Classic Rock magazine and was surprised they had such good things to say about how revitalized the band was. So, I listened to the 30 second samples here and was surprised how good they sounded. Still, I didn't buy it; I've been burned before on samples that turn out not to represent the song as a whole.  But a funny thing happened. I couldn't get the melodies from those 30-second samples out of my head. That is very unusual, and a sure sign that there is some strong songwriting on Omega. So, I finally downloaded it via Amazon, and seriously, guys, it is GOOD.  Firstly, the record sounds fantastic--the excitement and power of the debut record but with no early-80s, dated production sheen. Clear strong sound, lots of air, not overly compressed and loud. Second, from the playing it is immediately clear that these old guys are not going through the motions (as I gather many thought they were on Pheonix, which I've not listened to yet).  They are pumped up. The playing is really strong, tight, not flashy, no long solos (sorry proggers. . . I wouldn't have minded a few myself), but lots of very thoughtful licks that serve the song.  The excitement and FUN is immediately apparent and very winning. I can't really believe how great Wetton's voice still sounds. I'm tempted to say better than ever--he used to have just a little bit of pitch trouble in the old days but his voice is now a very appealing, powerful and strong instrument in itself. Third, and most important--the SONGS. Really good writing, nearly every song has multiple strong melodies in the verses and choruses, that stay with you after one listen. This is an art that is sadly lost today, even by those like Asia who once had a firm grasp on it--well, no more for this group. Like most records today, it should be 45 min. instead of 60 (I'd get rid of \\"There Was a Time\\" and \\"I Believe\\", two of the weaker tracks), but oh, those 45 minutes--great tunes played with excitement, joy, and power by excellent musicians. To those who blast this release for being pop: oh, jeez, get over yourself. Asia was always a pop band and a great one. They prove it here. For those who lament, for example, that \\"Carl Palmer is given so little to do here\\": firstly, don't be misled. I'm a drummer, and to play with strength, control, and to really swing in the beat while driving the song forward---that is not simple. Sometimes banging all over the kit to something like \\"Tarkus\\" is actually easier than what Palmer does here, for example.  Also: did it ever occur to you that no one is \\"giving\\" any of these guys \\"little to do\\"? Did it occur to you that, like me, and (hopefully) like you, these musicians like many types of music and choose, in the context of Asia (Howe has played much more proggy material recently with Yes, you know), to write and play great, sophisticated pop songs that sound great on the radio?  Maybe \\"Emily\\" sounds like the Beatles because. . . hold on to your seats. . . .the guys in Asia LIKE THE BEATLES. Who doesn't? The relevant question is not: is it prog, or is it Asia? The relevant question is: is it good? And the answer is yes.  I was not at all prepared to love this record, but I do. The guys have really pulled it off, and I hope that they get recognized for it. Are the lyrics sometimes banal? Sure, just like they were on the debut record, and frankly, in much of what Wetton does. But this is not the Shins, or Belle and Sebastian, or Grizzly Bear, OK? This is classic, big, catchy, prog-pop that would sound awesome blasting out of a radio this summer (not that it will probably get much airplay these days).  Enjoy it for what it is, check your cynicism for a minute and dig it. With \\"Finger on the Trigger\\" blasting away, I can tell you, I at least feel like I did in 1982, when I heard \\"Heat of the Moment\\" and raced to the stereo to hit record on my cassette tape filled with airshots of top 40 hits on WKTI, Milwaukee, 94.5 FM.  At $7.99 to download the album, you can't go wrong.
0891419195|5.0|In reading many WWII memoirs you come to find a certain trend of honesty, one that usually has no indication of self bravado or puffing up of one's feathers.  With Sledge's With The Old Breed you find the absolute best of all the WWII memoirs, Pacific and European.  Even though I knew what to expect I was still blown away by the straight forward honest account of his time spent battling against the Japanese.<br /><br />Right from the beginning you see how he traveled from boot camp - having purposefully failed OCS in order to fight \\"the japs\\" - and over the Pacific to fight at such hellish battles as Peleliu and Okinawa, arguably two of the bloodiest of the whole war.  You see his candor as he describes his first beach assault, feel his fear as he cowers in his foxhole as the awesome power of Japanese mortar and artillery pummels the land around and decimates the Marines.  You never once doubt whether this was really what happened, knowing full well that his account is true to the letter.<br /><br />You see he wrote this not to gain notoriety or money, he didn't embellish in order to get it published easier.  He wrote down a true and accurate account, warts and all: fear, desperation, helplessness, anger.  You see all of it because he wrote his memoir with the intent of giving his family an account of what he went through.  Why would he not want to give his family the truest and most accurate account possible?  So we benefit from his desire to add his chapter to his family's history.  Additionally he adds italicized sections to indicate where he was breaking from his memoir to add the historical background to what happened or was going to happen, as well as asterisks to add a little more detail.  Both additions do nothing to diminish his memoir and detract from the honesty, and instead show how much he wanted his account to be read as his account, and not memoir infused with history.<br /><br />What we have is perhaps the greatest Pacific War memoir ever, and quite possibly the greatest WWII memoir ever (hard to say because the two theaters of operation were so strikingly different, but from what I have read Sledge's is the most real, honest and heartfelt).  Without a doubt I would recommend this to any and all.<br /><br />5 stars.II memoir ever (hard to say because the two theaters of operation were so strikingly different, but from what I have read Sledge's is the most real, honest and heartfelt).  Without a doubt I would recommend this to any and all.    5 stars.
B001HN694K|5.0|I really enjoy this movie.The magical team is back:Tim Burton,Helena Bonham Carter,Johnny Depp and Danny Elfman.All the elements to make a great Tim Burton movie!  The story is very cool,the images,the sets and the colors are wonderful,the characters and the creatures are also great!  There's a lot of fun and magic in this movie.  This is one of my favourite Tim Burton's movies and one of the most beautiful movie i've ever seen with Avatar and lovely bones.
B0002KPIKA|4.0|This Agrippina is a marvelous production; not only everyone sings beautifully, they are also young, shapely and good-looking.  The costumes are wonderfully stylish, the wigs are funny and pompous, as befits a comedy; there is excellent acting and overall it is a pleasure to listen and watch.<br /><br />I have never seen Veronique Gens and Philippe Jaroussky before, although I was aware of their fame.  From this DVD one can hear and see that they are outstanding.  Veronique Gens is a true virtuoso and it is difficult to imagine that Margherita Durastanti, the first Agrippina of the Premier night of 26 December 1709, would sing better.  This Agrippina's  looks are arresting  - she resembles Callas somewhat.<br /><br />Regarding Nerone (Philippe Jaroussky), it is quite rare for a countertenor to sing with such agility and ease; he sings effortlessly.  The role of Nero is soprano, it was premiered by soprano castrato Valeriano Pellegrini, and Philippe Jaroussky was flawless as well, although it is rumored that a voice of a countertenor can never achieve what a castrato voice could - for better or worse, that remains an enigma of today.  Visually, it helps to find this Nerone so cute, and his appearance excites ideas about the true Nero the Emperor, who was a poet and an actor.<br /><br />Poppea (Ingrid Perruche) and Ottone (Thierry Gregoire) are also phenomenal.  Ottone rendered his main aria \\"Otton, Otton...Voi che udite il mio lamento\\" with great skill and refined expressiveness.<br /><br />It should be noted that both countertenors (Nerone and Ottone) are so fantastic in this French production, considering that French did not esteem castrato voice historically;  yet these are some of the ever best countertenors I have ever heard.<br /><br />This Handel's opera is especially interesting, since it deals with the same subject as Monteverdi's \\"Il Coronazione di Poppea\\";however, in Monteverdi's opera Agrippina does not appear. To me, Handel's opus  is even more comical, and according to the history of this opera, the librettist, a Venetian aristocrat  Vincenzo Grimani, made it ludicrous  on purpose - he had a cordial dislike for pope Clement XI (Giovanni Francesco Albani) and satirized him in Claudio aria in act III \\"Io di Roma il Giove sono\\", but even further, the whole spirit of this opus is somewhat satirical.<br /><br />It should be noted that Venice historically viewed Papacy with suspicion, and especially such powerful families as Grimani - although they were not part of the Twelve Apostolic families of Venice, they were included as nobility in 1297,  and the current Museo Archeologico in Procuratore Nuove/Museo Correr was started in 1523 by Cardinal Domenico Grimani.  When in Venice, a Handelian should not overlook the enormous Palazzo Grimani on the Grand Canal, not far from Rialto, and of course, Teatro Malibran, former Teatro San Giovanni Grisostomo, the Grimani family-owned theater for aristocrats where the Premier of \\"Agrippina\\" took place.<br /><br />According to some sources, in composing Agrippina Handel borrowed extensively from his earlier oratorios and cantatas, and from other composers including Reinhard Keiser, Arcangelo Corelli and Jean-Baptiste Lully. This adapting and borrowing was common practice at the time, but its extent in Agrippina is greater than in almost all the composer's other major dramatic works.<br /><br />Examples of recycled material include Pallas's \\"Col raggio placido\\", which is based on Lucifer's aria from La resurrezione (1708), \\"O voi dell' Erebo\\", which was itself adapted from Reinhard Keiser's 1705 opera Octavia. Agrippina's aria \\"Non h&ograve; cor che per amarti\\" was taken, almost entirely unadapted, from \\"Se la morte non vorr&agrave;\\" in Handel's earlier dramatic cantata Qual ti reveggio, oh Dio (1707); her aria \\"Ogni vento\\" is an unchanged \\"Fiamma bella\\" from his own cantata \\"Aminta e Fillide\\", the melody itself borrowed from his teacher Reinhard Keiser; Narcissus's \\"Sperer&ograve;\\" is an adaptation of \\"Sai perch&egrave;\\" from another 1707 cantata, Clori, Tirsi e Fileno; and parts of Nero's Act 3 aria \\"Come nube che fugge dal vento\\" are borrowed Handel's oratorio Il trionfo del tempo (all from 1707). Later, some of Agrippina's music was used by Handel in his London operas Rinaldo (1711) and the 1732 version of Acis and Galatea, in each case with little or no change.The first music by Handel heard in London may have been Agrippina's \\"Non h&ograve; che\\", transposed into Alessandro Scarlatti's opera Pirro &egrave; Dimitrio which was performed in London on 6 December 1710. The Agrippina overture and other arias from the opera appeared in pasticcios performed in London between 1710 and 1714, with additional music provided by other composers.Echoes of \\"Ti vo' giusta\\" (one of the few arias composed specifically for Agrippina) can be found in the air \\"He was despised\\", from Handel's Messiah (1742).<br /><br />Therefore, this opera is of enormous importance and is highly recommended for Handelians; plus this production is excellent, and justly received bravura applause at the end.<br /><br />My only critique of this staging is that subtitles are displayed prominently - In Act II and III under the bench in the center of the stage, and thereafter on the wall in the bright pink color, this must be truly horrendous for the listeners and break all the magic of music. It starts with Poppea aria in Act II \\"Bella pur nel mio diletto\\", and it must have been incredibly frustrating watching that in house, since I am sure it was distracting, and in my opinion, disrespectful  of singers.  In this case, it was a rare privilege to see a DVD instead of live performance, due to producers sparing this crudity by moving the camera away from the atrocity.  It made me think with gratitude of the otherwise controversial  Metropolitan Opera House where the subtitles are mounted with utmost discretion into the back of the preceeding chair, and one can switch them off if not needed.<br />Because of this intrusion, I give this performance 4 stars, although for the pure singing it deserves all 5 and the starry night.<br /><br />And finally, I would recommend a sequel to this Agrippina the Ponnelle/Harnoncourt performance of Monteverdi's \\"L'Incoronazione di Poppea\\" - a historically acclaimed production, made almost 30 years ago but remaining forever young.e Fileno; and parts of Nero's Act 3 aria \\"Come nube che fugge dal vento\\" are borrowed Handel's oratorio Il trionfo del tempo (all from 1707). Later, some of Agrippina's music was used by Handel in his London operas Rinaldo (1711) and the 1732 version of Acis and Galatea, in each case with little or no change.The first music by Handel heard in London may have been Agrippina's \\"Non hò che\\", transposed into Alessandro Scarlatti's opera Pirro è Dimitrio which was performed in London on 6 December 1710. The Agrippina overture and other arias from the opera appeared in pasticcios performed in London between 1710 and 1714, with additional music provided by other composers.Echoes of \\"Ti vo' giusta\\" (one of the few arias composed specifically for Agrippina) can be found in the air \\"He was despised\\", from Handel's Messiah (1742).    Therefore, this opera is of enormous importance and is highly recommended for Handelians; plus this production is excellent, and justly received bravura applause at the end.    My only critique of this staging is that subtitles are displayed prominently - In Act II and III under the bench in the center of the stage, and thereafter on the wall in the bright pink color, this must be truly horrendous for the listeners and break all the magic of music. It starts with Poppea aria in Act II \\"Bella pur nel mio diletto\\", and it must have been incredibly frustrating watching that in house, since I am sure it was distracting, and in my opinion, disrespectful  of singers.  In this case, it was a rare privilege to see a DVD instead of live performance, due to producers sparing this crudity by moving the camera away from the atrocity.   It made me think with gratitude of the otherwise controversial  Metropolitan Opera House where the subtitles are mounted with utmost discretion into the back of the preceeding chair, and one can switch them off if not needed.    Because of this intrusion, I give this performance 4 stars, although for the pure singing it deserves all 5 and the starry night.    And finally, I would recommend a sequel to this Agrippina the Ponnelle/Harnoncourt performance of Monteverdi's \\"L'Incoronazione di Poppea\\" - a historically acclaimed production, made almost 30 years ago but remaining forever young.
B00000250H|3.0|It's good for what is is, but it isn't what the description says. It has only 10 songs. The 2 bonus tracks aren't on it. I bought it so I could have \\"Mercedes Benz.\\" It's not there. I didn't lose much money, but it was a let-down.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|Source:  G4TV & [...]    Michael Emerson dropped by the G4's \\"Attack of the Show\\" this week and revealed that the \\"Lost: The Complete Collection\\" Blu-ray and DVD sets, coming to stores on August 24, will have more on Hurley and Ben Linus' story after where the series finale ended.    \\"Well, for those people that want to pony up and buy the Complete Lost Series, there is a bonus feature, which is, uhm, you could call it an epilogue, a lost scene,\\" he said. \\"It's a lot, it's 12 or 14 minutes that opens a window onto that gap of unknown time between Hurley becoming number one and the end of the series.\\"    Asked if that could lead to a spin-off series with Hurley and Ben Linus, he added, \\"It's self-contained, although it's a rich period in the show's mythology that's never been explored, so who knows what will come of it.\\"
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|I loved all these movies.  I already own the DVDs, but I needed to upgrade to Blu-ray to take advantage of my Blu-ray player.  The picture is much better.
0064440346|4.0|this is a cute book for preschoolers. it puts a twist on ordinary things. i bought it for 4 year old neighbor who noticed the moon seemed to move from his yard to my yard and back. his mom liked the story of the 2 bumps that appeared in owl's bed everytime he laid under the covers.
B001C46P2K|5.0|It is unfortunate this movie didn't get more press, because it is phenomenal.  I would definitely recommend it.
B00133KFGW|5.0|This is truly a delightful movie with spine tingling music.  My compliments to the Writers, Director, Actors and Staff Members for a wonderful performance and splendid outcome.  May everyone have a chance to experience Music & United Consciousness.
B001MSMULG|5.0|I was looking for a new series to fall in love with when I read the reviews for The Kill Artist.  I purchased this book, hoping I wouldn't be disappointed, and I wasn't!!!  I absolutely fell in love with the main character, Gabriel Allon, and I couldn't put the book down!  Before I even finished the first book, I went and purchased the second and third so they would be ready for me to start as soon as I was done with the first.  I am now reading the fourth book in the series, A Death in Vienna, and I still can't put the series down!  I have recommended it to several of my friends and they too have fallen in love with the Allon series!<br /><br />The books are written in a way that keeps you wanting more and keeps you hooked.  I love the flashbacks that connect the pieces of Gabriel's past to the current, little by little his past is revealed and gives you an understanding of why he is the way he is.  The character is continually developed throughout the books, allowing the reader to continually grow closer to him.  I think this is why I fell in love with the character.  Yes, he's mysterious and doesn't let people in easily, but you can't help but love him when the author reveals him the way he does.<br /><br />The writing is superb!  I was hooked after two chapters!  The details he describes, the research that goes into each book is tremendous.  You always have the feeling that the author is educated on the subject he is writing about.  Gabriel is an art restorer, and the descriptions of the paintings, their locations, and the knowledge behind WWII and the involvement of the Swiss in hiding art masterpieces that were taken from the Jews during the war (which comes into play in the 2nd book, The English Assassin), and the knowledge of the structure of the Vatican (the 3rd book, The Confessor) are all perfect in the design and description in the books and I expect the same in the last books in the series.  The spy tactics, procedures, and terrorist organizations are all elements that had to be researched and developed.  Daniel Silva does an amazing job detailing each event and idea correctly, leading the reader to be more engaged because they know what the background of the story is.  Daniel explains each detail so the reader doesn't get lost, making it a more enjoyable read.<br /><br />I absolutely love this book and love this series!  I would recommend it to everyone!  I do recommend reading the books in order, as old characters reappear and you will get lost if you don't know the back story.  I plan on finishing the series soon and will likely re-read the books in the next year because I enjoyed them so much!<br /><br />The order of the Series:<br /><br />1. The Kill Artist<br />2. The English Assassin<br />3. The Confessor<br />4. A Death in Vienna<br />5. Prince of Fire<br />6. The Messenger<br />7. The Secret Servant<br />8. Moscow Rules<br />9. The Defectorhad to be researched and developed.  Daniel Silva does an amazing job detailing each event and idea correctly, leading the reader to be more engaged because they know what the background of the story is.  Daniel explains each detail so the reader doesn't get lost, making it a more enjoyable read.    I absolutely love this book and love this series!  I would recommend it to everyone!  I do recommend reading the books in order, as old characters reappear and you will get lost if you don't know the back story.  I plan on finishing the series soon and will likely re-read the books in the next year because I enjoyed them so much!    The order of the Series:    1. The Kill Artist  2. The English Assassin  3. The Confessor  4. A Death in Vienna  5. Prince of Fire  6. The Messenger  7. The Secret Servant  8. Moscow Rules  9. The Defector
1400052173|5.0|I have worked in health care since 1975 and find this to be one of the most, if not the most, thought-provoking books about my profession that I have read.  Inequities in access, overt racism, informed consent, biomedical ethics and the profit-motive in health care are all front and center for the reader to ponder.  The basic science is clearly explained and not a barrier for those less interested in that aspect.  This is a compelling story, the journey of a biology student and budding journalist, the journey of an impoverished family, and of course the journey of the HeLa cells themselves.  I am highly recommending to my colleagues.
B003LZJI86|5.0|I just purchased this DVD today accidentally thinking it was a CD and was surprised that it wouldn't play in a CD player when I popped it into a computer and it started playing the movie, I was immediately blown away by just the intro to the movie menu.  This is the first DVD of a live concert that I have ever purchased, so not knowing what to really expect when I first played it I just went and searched for all of my favorite songs but later after watching them I started from the beginning of the DVD and watched it all the way through thinking the whole time that this is one of the most amazing things that I have ever seen coming from Bon Jovi. This DVD will defiantly be going on my must watch again list.
B000005TRO|5.0|Este primer disco de Laura para el publico que habla espanol es uno de sus mejores, simplemente excellente, una grandiosa interpretacion cancion tras cancion. Si te gusta la balada pop debes tenerlo.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Very satisfied with dvd.  Would have liked to get it in 3-D but that wasn't available when I ordered this dvd.  Very fast delivery and of course in mint condition.  Have enjoyed it very much.  Thank you.
B000002H6C|5.0|I remember clearly when this on was released back in 88. I thought it was awesome, now i believe is a work of art. This was Metallica's last good album, and it has power, intelligence,and a whole lot of introspection. Far more refined that Ride or Master, this album is a gem, a great masterpiece from beginnig to end. Sadly it marked the end of the golden age of a very influential band.
B002PQ7JQK|5.0|I'd been waiting a while for an opportunity to purchase TOS Remastered in Blu-Ray (not much point in getting DVD now), and I don't regret making that decision.    These old beloved classics can now be seen & heard in the best possible way.  Since I originally saw these episodes in fuzzy black and white many years ago, it's been an ongoing journey of increasing perfection for me.  From B&W broadcasts to colour VHS tape, to Laserdisc, to DVD, and now this, the best of all.    The crisp picture looks like it was shot last week, not 45 years ago. The visual detail is amazing - I can see the sewing flaws in the costumes, and the edges of Shatner's hairpiece.  Naturally, you can now see detail you were never meant to see.  The wooden props, plywood control panels etc. are more obvious than ever, but it just adds to the charm.  I found myself constantly looking in the background for new details - and found them.  It looks so much more real. Even the acting is enhanced.  The subtleties of expression on the actor's faces leap out at you in this version.    The new (and optional) special effects are well-chosen & impressive without being obtrusive.  The sound quality is top-notch - the redone score is beautiful, and completely faithful - and the extras are fun.    There's no downside to this.  Every fan of the original series should have this set.
B002GHHHPQ|4.0|My uncle was fortunate enough to have known several of the members of the real Memphis Belle and he told me stories about the air raids of WW2.  This is a very fictionalized account of the last battle that the Belle and her crew engaged in but it is a fairly accurate look at what it was really like.  The action scenes are based on real events of the various raids over Germany and, while the characters are fictionalized, the overall movie is pretty much on target.  You will not like all the characters because they are portrayed as humans, not as heroes, but you will sympathize with them and, in the end, be glad they all come home.  Not my favorite B-17 movie (that would be \\"12 o'clock High\\") but a good one and part of my collection.  Get it and enjoy.
B001FB4W0W|2.0|...or \\"Culturally Dishonest Peepshow Pablum for Suburban Kids,\\" couldn't decide on titles for my review.    I only wish the charming vamp -was- Paul Rudd so that there might be a tiny shred of wit in the show. Tried to plod through more episodes of this before reviewing to maintain objectivity, but when they let a bout of vampire blood induced priapism in the \\"main stud\\" plod by without even a shred of any true humor or even one fresh gag, enough was enough.    The show is a half-assed attempt to capitalize on vogueish vampire themes and the seemingly insatiable desire of the teenaged/young female market for \\"pseudo pornography.\\" Young ladies, if you want to watch porn, go get some real porn, nothing is stopping you, and you are stunting your own minds as well as anyone's who stumbles across this with your not-so-repressed desires for the rebirth of the \\"bodice ripper.\\"    Take a good looking cast of obviously not Southern and obviously not talented actors and see how badly they can mangle Southern accents and Southern cultural cliches... then add vampires, and you have this poor ripoff of the decent movie \\"The Gift.\\" I doubt many Louisiana folks are fans, or at least many who spend their time other than cruising Walmart.    It is possible to make a good \\"white trash\\" show (looking at you, Earl), but requires writing containing lots of legitimate humor, acting talent, heart and soul. This \\"wooden stake\\" of a show has none of those, none at all.
0316044695|1.0|In purchasing this book I thought I was going to find an objective view of a serious warrior's view of war.  What I got was a slanted, biased view of America and its efforts to end terrorism in the middle east.  Marcus Luttrell provides the reader with an exercise in exaggerated self-esteem.  He feels superior to those he trained with and belittles those who tried to be successful warriors.  What is especially irritating is his view of the Taliban warrior.  What ever happened to the brave enemy soldiers of WWII.  Can you imagine a veteran of the Pacific and Europe saying such degrading things as Luttrell says of enemy soldiers.  To underestimate your opponent is the beginning of eventual defeat.  Fight we must but not to respect your enemy demeans those of us Americans who were lost in battle to them.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|irregardless what critics may say, this is a good story and great actors that deliver great entertainment.  stay away from the negative and think about the positive, the story helps communicate that we may need to rethink things and how we relate to others.  hate mongering and sterotyping is just a waste of time and only shows how limited some people \\"do not\\" think for themselves and that they cannot work to better things for themselves and others.  Even though change and collaborattion (spelling)can be costly and somewhat difficult, when you give a little of yourself as these \\"characters\\" did, the end results can be very beneficial.
B0037QGS0K|4.0|I really enjoyed this film. It had some wonderful acting, especially Julianne Moore and Amanda Seyfried. I won't spoil anyone who hasn't seen the film but I was disappointed in certain aspects, especially the way it ended. Overall, however, I think it's definitely worth watching. Check it out!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|No need to say what others have said already about this movie.  The blueray edition is fabulous.  One of the better modern day movies.
B002ZCY7SW|3.0|The first 14 \\"hours\\" or so were beyond terrible... cheesy police uniforms, noticeable clash between set and on-location sequences, recycled plot devices, and unengaging new characters. Once \\"Hassan\\" met his destiny (sorry for the mini-spoiler) the action, drama, and classic edge-of-your-seat tension picked up increasingly. 24 finally got it's groove back, fresh on the heels of the announcement that the series was drawing to a close. The final 6 \\"hours\\" were absolute classic 24, and in the end Jack Bauer & Co. truly redeemed this landmark show. I was adamant that I would pass on the dvd, but considering how it all turned out, I look forward to completing my collection. p.s. has anyone heard any rumors of a possible feature film in theatres???
0060254920|5.0|This is a classic that I think any child would enjoy.  I buy it for my grandchildren.
1594488916|4.0|In the Rare Book Room of Powell's City of Books, sealed behind a glass door and bordered by two faded brown texts, sits an unassuming blue-covered copy of John Keats' complete poetry. While it may seem indistinguishable from volumes you'd find on a garage sale card table, this book is worlds above them for the name scrawled on the inside page: Jack Kerouac. This volume was owned by Kerouac in 1949, the same year he and Neal Cassady drove across country in the journeys that would become \\"On The Road,\\" and contains various underlines and marginal comments the great author made. It's a book saturated in history - and kept out of my hands by an $8,000 price tag.     But as much as I eye the book and lovingly run my fingers over the glass border, thoughts of larceny never once cross my mind. Even if all the store's employees were on a smoke break and no legal consequences existed, the thought of stealing this book - or any book - is abhorrent to me no matter how deep my passion runs. It's a moral code that many serious book lovers share, but one that sadly doesn't extend to everyone. Allison Hoover Bartlett's discursive \\"The Man Who Loved Books Too Much\\" explores how that bibliomania drives the lives of thieves and collectors - and what happens when the two go into conflict over one volume too many.    The titular man who loved books too much is one John Charles Gilkey, a California native who was gripped at an early age by the fever of book collecting. Unable to afford the titles he wanted and furnish the grand library of his dreams, Gilkey moved into the world of fraud, using bad checks and stolen credit card numbers to defraud sellers. Establishing a system - harvesting credit card numbers from his job at Saks, calling ahead to order titles as gifts and picking them \\"in a hurry\\" - Gilkey soon became one of the most successful book thieves in operation, filching over $100,000 worth of first additions and rarities from rare book dealers.     Such a string of thefts eventually gained attention in this passionate community, and the growth of \\"pink sheets\\" (dealer theft reports) became the pet cause of Antiquarian Booksellers Association of America security chair/Utah rare books dealer Ken Sanders. In the process of modernizing the ABAA's  theft system, he brought Gilkey's efforts to the attention of other dealers - an effort not helped by the police's apathy what they saw as petty book thefts, and Gilkey's utter refusal to turn away from his habit after being caught.     Bartlett presents her narrative from a first-person perspective, interviewing both men extensively and casting herself in reactions to their stories. In the case of the fiery Sanders, Bartlett is drawn into the world of book collecting, painting the immersion of antiquarian book fairs and stores with towering shelves. The dealers she meets offer all the right war stories: their start in the field, the joy of a Holy Grail title discovered in a back drawer or brought in by an unknowing seller, the deep betrayal felt when a previously trusted customer liberates titles without paying. It can be a dry subject for the non-bibliomaniac, but Bartlett keeps it relevant by discussing her own reactions, experiences in collecting and volumes that mean something to her. She may not care as deeply as Sanders, but she does care, and her enthusiasm for these stories carries over.    The varied anecdotes on book sales and book thefts keep \\"The Man Who Loved Books Too Much\\" interesting, but it is the inclusion of Gilkey's stunning amorality with his bibliomania that makes it compelling. Gilkey is a fascinating figure - very knowledgeable about his passion and completely swept up in the image of \\"his library,\\" paradoxically wanting to show off a collection that would land him back in jail if the right person saw it. His complete lack of regret for any of his thefts, as well as his often childish conviction that going to jail for stealing books he can't afford is a personal slight against him by the booksellers, will set any librarian's blood boiling but make him a character worth studying. His brazen nature also allows for some particularly memorable scenes during the interviews: in one, Gilkey casually wanders the halls of a bookstore he's robbed before, firing off random details on titles for sale as the owner and Bartlett look on with respective suspicion and horror.    Similar scenes do provide \\"The Man Who Loved Books Too Much\\" with tension, but it does lack the punch of other true crime stories. Some of this stems from the fact that this story isn't a traditional cat-and-mouse structure of two men purposely trying to outsmart each other (though Sanders spearheaded a sting effort to catch Gilkey the two have never met, and Gilkey can't even remember Sanders' last name when asked), but there is a feeling that Bartlett could have dug deeper. She never seeks a concrete answer from Gilkey on how deeply his father was involved in the thefts despite mentioning her curiosity more than once, nor does she take Sanders' advice and try investigating where Gilkey stashed his ill-gotten library. True, such efforts would have likely destroyed the rapport she built with Gilkey, but the story feels like it would have been improved from more interactions outside the two men.     But that will likely only disappoint readers looking for a taut crime thriller, and \\"The Man Who Loved Books Too Much\\" has far more to offer than that. Gilkey and Sanders represent two very different sides of the same obsession, and Bartlett as intermediary stirs up not only the deep allure books represent to them but a plethora of stories perfect for anyone who has more than a passing interest in maintaining their bookshelf. If you're like me, it might even make you take a more serious look at how you value your own collecting elements - at time of writing, I've got a mason jar collecting coins so in three years, that Kerouac/Keats might move into my own hands.
B000VLE3GA|5.0|I forgotg   how many good tracks the Zep made, can't stop playing the 2 cds!
B002436WFI|4.0|I have always been a fan of Terry Pratchett's Discworld series of books. I stumbled across this movie and purchased it. The movie actually encompasses two of the books (which themselves could have been released together as one long piece). The performances are good and I can never pass up anything Tim Curry does.     The Discworld is a strange place filled with magic instead of science (they have cameras but they work differently: a tiny imp inside the camera paints the picture). We meet Rincewind, the inept wizard who is kicked out of the university for wizards and is tasked by the Patrician to accompany the Disc's first tourist, Twoflower. It's unfortunate that Rincewind can't do magic ever since he looked at an ancient tome of spells on a dare and one of the 8 Great Spells lodged itself inside his head.     It's a bit campy at times and it's done on a budget so many FX are not top notch but it's a fun way to spend an evening. And after watching it do yourself a favor and pick up the novels and learn more, as this movie only scratches the surface of this world.
1400077915|5.0|In \\"Runaway,\\" a collection of short stories, Alice Munro suggests that it is not uncommon for damaged people to flee from those they are bound to by imperfect love and devotion.  It is precisely because so many people are incapable of love that there are those who seek aberrant escapes from the demands of family and marital life only to end up perpetuating monotonous and unsatisfying lives for themselves and those around them.  Because of their inability to examine their own behaviors, they sink deeper and deeper into the morass of their own triviality and self-deception until their resultant boredom and self-hatred drive them to cruelty or flight.  These are the walking wounded Alice Munro captures with her laser-like vision, and they are the perpetrators of many of society's ills simply because they are incapable of either exposing themselves too deeply or accommodating others' self-exposure.  Narcissistic, they are unable or unwilling to accept the demands of intimacy -- which, unfortunately for them, is the necessary and most important characteristic of all longstanding relationships.  Munro stands back, the silent witness, and records the subtle and overt actions of her characters.  Upon reading her, one might dismiss the stories as prosaic or meaningless; it is only upon reflection that the stories yield insights into the tortured lives of people who cannot love and thus cannot experience joy or empathy or even certainty, all gifts of happy, well adjusted people.  \\"Runaway\\" is a sad commentary on modernity as well as people and relationships in general.<br /><br />In her story, \\"Passion,\\" she describes a woman working as a waitress who catches the eye of a marriageable young man.  The man idealizes her and takes her into his family with the purest of motives.  He's the kind of guy all young women would want: handsome, smart, from a good family with its own values on track, but she is essentially cold when it comes to human relationships unless there is an edginess to them.  When she goes off on a drive with her fianc&eacute;'s brother and establishes an intimacy of sorts, she is paid off by the family, a \\"gift\\" she accepts since life is all about her, even if the consequences of her indiscretion were dire and her own fault.  What appears to propel her behavior is not a desire to be in control or even a predatory self-gratification, but a bovine-like senselessness, a desire to take risks, and inexplicable self-destructive urges.  Munro seems to imply that she will end up living the inane, monotonous life she deserves after her risky relationships have lost their appeal and despite the fact that she is intelligent enough to make a meaningful life for herself.  She is a \\"runaway\\" out of choice because stability and predictability are not what she desires; she prefers life on the edge and that life understandably precludes emotional depth.  Of course, the title is ironic in that the woman doesn't know what it is like to have feelings; for her in all her superficiality risk is synonymous with passion because otherwise she is without feeling.  Yet there are other ways of fleeing life; her fiance's mother, for example, is escaping via an imminent nervous breakdown.  Hence, Grace, the protagonist, wisely recognizes how potentially destructive it can be to accept the role of a married woman.  Perhaps for this reason as much as any, Grace lives on the edge, not wanting to surrender her vulnerability to any man.  When the family informs her that her fiance's mother's former husband committed suicide and then she is requested to \\"take care\\" of her fiance's alcoholic brother, she recognizes her own power as well as the imprisoning responsibility of conventional marriage.  Her epiphany is the glimpse of the woman's archetypal role, and it is not pleasant.  Thus is Grace \\"cold\\" for a reason, even if no one else appears to understand that about her.<br /><br />Another story, \\"Chance,\\" is about a woman who is dull and somnambulant and odd because she has immersed herself in the reading of the classics to the extent that her romanticism and denial result in a disregard for the essence of her own life.  Motivated by the absurdity of people without direction, she stumbles into a relationship with a man, has a child and ends up losing the daughter to a cult.  Eventually the daughter writes the mother out of her life completely, never to see her again while the daughter matures and raises her own five children.  Once more, the protagonist experiences that lost promise of life's rewards, that desolation of spirit that happens when you lose sight of the value of love, family and responsibility to others.  \\"Chance\\" is a story of a pathetic woman who couldn't give of herself enough to satisfy her only child or her lover, instead electing to read the classics as a substitute for life.  She lives out the rest of her years clinging to anything Greek as if existing vicariously in an anachronistic world.  She moves from dwelling to dwelling, each one shrinking in size as if to suggest her own world is shrinking as well, her passion and capacity for love declining until she has one friend, a professor who connects with her on a superficial level only.  She has her employers who own a Greek restaurant, establishing for her in that association a sense of what she's about: oddness and exile and brittle substitutes for love and passion, as well as Narcissism, which was so prevalent among the Greeks that it fits that she would see that cultural legacy as her own.  The title refers to the fact that we have only one life, one chance, and hers is measured by insignificance and shallow, futile, directionless effort.  Thus, she can coldly choose money, a payoff, over any relationship.<br /><br />\\"Trespasses\\" concerns the effects toxic people have on their children and others.  Since children are the most vulnerable, this story resonates, leaving as bitter an aftertaste as is possible in short fiction.  The parents, Eileen and Harry, are presented as itinerant types, he a journalist; both are drinkers and loose in their sexual behavior around their daughter, but if that seems injurious enough to a teen, it is more the secrets of their life together and their general callousness that are the most horrific examples of man's inhumanity.  When it is revealed that a woman who was presumably the mother of a baby the couple adopted years ago is not agreeable to taking their present child off the couple's hands, the story takes on a sinister tone.  The snowy landscape and the moldering ambience of the old hotel where the woman works as well as her low-life appearance and behavior symbolize the child's parentage, the house the three live in, and the remote town to which the family has fled. A startling comment at the end reveals the nature of the parents' request made earlier out of the girl's presence.  The reader slowly grasps the nauseating implication, not only of the three adults' incapacities to love and be honest, but of their vast superficiality and emotional coldness.  Although all are quick to assure the girl of their love or concern, not one of them is anything but poisonous in their self-centeredness and lack of sincerity.  This is particularly disturbing because all three adults act as if they do care about the daughter who is struggling to understand her parents and the lies that are implicit in their lifestyle.  Harry's profession is journalism, but he is more about suppressing truth or denying it than he is about communicating or living by it.  The title implies a desire for forgiveness for transgressions of the past, but there is no forgiveness for lies that will never end, as Harry's and Eileen's are.  Their lives are one big lie, their reassurances as phony as their comments and demeanor.  They are indeed \\"burrs,\\" Munro's metaphor for the lies that cover the child's body and ravage her soul and that she has unwittingly allowed to shape her destiny.  She is powerless to remove them and so they will be her heritage as she continues her life, attached by birth only to malevolent parents whose damage has already been done.  She will forever be aware of their toxicity, as she was only subliminally before, because now the burrs reveal completely that she has been nothing more than a burden to these people who have long ago regretted their decision to adopt her.  Since one cannot choose his parents or escape from them at will, this is a horrific story.  However, most malevolent is the woman Delphine's terrible revelations.  Sometimes it is just as damaging and threatening to the Self to reveal the truth when the desire to rectify the past is not a priority.  Then such a revelation is malicious, as Delphine's confession was.<br /><br />The namesake story, \\"Runaway,\\" concerns a young woman living with her hotheaded, control freak husband Clark next door to a woman who travels.  In her loneliness and isolation, the wife Carla considers the goat, Flora, the only farm animal she can relate to.  When Flora disappears, she finds herself drawn to the neighbor next door who eventually offers to help her escape her husband's abuse.  When Carla subsequently returns, she pleads with her husband, \\"Just don't be angry with me,\\" but Clark continues to find fault with his wife.  He cannot leave her alone; in his criticism he is sadistic and cold, incapable of caring.  In a last ditch effort to tease her husband out of his nasty mood, Carla invents an intimacy with the neighbor's deceased husband, only to further arouse her husband's ire and summon his sadistic behaviors.  It is because Carla finally confides to the neighbor how critical and angry her husband actually is, that the neighbor offers assistance.  Carla realizes that her life is going nowhere but is helpless to redirect it.  She recalls how she originally loved her husband and how she viewed the prospect of their life as possessing the authenticity she still desires.<br /><br />Clark later tells the neighbor woman that his wife \\"is a girl who is very up and down in her emotions,\\" suggesting that Carla is bi-polar or at the least, unstable.  When the lost goat reappears on the neighbor's property, he observes, \\"Goats are very unpredictable.\\"  This is a description of him and explains why his wife is afraid of him.  He later tells Carla, \\"If you ever went away, I'd feel like I didn't have anything left in me.\\"  Unfortunately, these are the words of a liar, and he has no intention of pleasing her.  He is about control and the fact that she might have had any relationship with the neighbor, is abhorrent to him and justifies any actions he might take in retaliation.  When Carla later happens on the evidence of a vicious act on Clark's part, she merely turns the realization into denial.  In fact, both she and her husband are \\"runaways\\" in the sense that they both retreat or run away from the truths they know but do not wish to acknowledge to themselves or each other.  Carla realizes she will run away from Clark again, but presently she has withdrawn her consciousness from \\"that place\\" where presumably the truth resides.  This story embodies not only one's need to escape unpleasantness, it acknowledges the mind's efforts to deny the truth of marriage gone awry and one's inexplicable surrender to marital abuse out of desperation, cowardice and fear.<br /><br />Munro's stories are psychologically complicated, but they are well worth reading.  Sometimes the excess of seeming insignificant detail is annoying, but one reads on, drawn to the glimpses of truth revealed by subtle dialogue, concrete description and symbolism.  Man is complex, unpredictable, but in the hands of a great writer, his behavior is understandable.  Since that is what literary fiction should reveal, one has to cherish the writings of this master.  Her language is simple, not particularly poetic or descriptive.  It is the human heart that Munro reads well and it is this fantastic offering that hitsone like a sledgehammer.  Thank you, Alice, from all of us who try hard to understand people.  You help us to comprehend the most mysterious of our comrades: those who run away out of fear and ignorance of how miraculous life could be, if one opened his heart instead of closing it.<br /><br />Marjorie Meyerle<br />Colorado Writer<br />Author of \\"Bread of Shame\\"r heritage as she continues her life, attached by birth only to malevolent parents whose damage has already been done.  She will forever be aware of their toxicity, as she was only subliminally before, because now the burrs reveal completely that she has been nothing more than a burden to these people who have long ago regretted their decision to adopt her.  Since one cannot choose his parents or escape from them at will, this is a horrific story.  However, most malevolent is the woman Delphine's terrible revelations.  Sometimes it is just as damaging and threatening to the Self to reveal the truth when the desire to rectify the past is not a priority.  Then such a revelation is malicious, as Delphine's confession was.    The namesake story, \\"Runaway,\\" concerns a young woman living with her hotheaded, control freak husband Clark next door to a woman who travels.  In her loneliness and isolation, the wife Carla considers the goat, Flora, the only farm animal she can relate to.  When Flora disappears, she finds herself drawn to the neighbor next door who eventually offers to help her escape her husband's abuse.  When Carla subsequently returns, she pleads with her husband, \\"Just don't be angry with me,\\" but Clark continues to find fault with his wife.  He cannot leave her alone; in his criticism he is sadistic and cold, incapable of caring.  In a last ditch effort to tease her husband out of his nasty mood, Carla invents an intimacy with the neighbor's deceased husband, only to further arouse her husband's ire and summon his sadistic behaviors.  It is because Carla finally confides to the neighbor how critical and angry her husband actually is, that the neighbor offers assistance.  Carla realizes that her life is going nowhere but is helpless to redirect it.  She recalls how she originally loved her husband and how she viewed the prospect of their life as possessing the authenticity she still desires.    Clark later tells the neighbor woman that his wife \\"is a girl who is very up and down in her emotions,\\" suggesting that Carla is bi-polar or at the least, unstable.  When the lost goat reappears on the neighbor's property, he observes, \\"Goats are very unpredictable.\\"  This is a description of him and explains why his wife is afraid of him.  He later tells Carla, \\"If you ever went away, I'd feel like I didn't have anything left in me.\\"  Unfortunately, these are the words of a liar, and he has no intention of pleasing her.  He is about control and the fact that she might have had any relationship with the neighbor, is abhorrent to him and justifies any actions he might take in retaliation.  When Carla later happens on the evidence of a vicious act on Clark's part, she merely turns the realization into denial.  In fact, both she and her husband are \\"runaways\\" in the sense that they both retreat or run away from the truths they know but do not wish to acknowledge to themselves or each other.  Carla realizes she will run away from Clark again, but presently she has withdrawn her consciousness from \\"that place\\" where presumably the truth resides.  This story embodies not only one's need to escape unpleasantness, it acknowledges the mind's efforts to deny the truth of marriage gone awry and one's inexplicable surrender to marital abuse out of desperation, cowardice and fear.     Munro's stories are psychologically complicated, but they are well worth reading.  Sometimes the excess of seeming insignificant detail is annoying, but one reads on, drawn to the glimpses of truth revealed by subtle dialogue, concrete description and symbolism.  Man is complex, unpredictable, but in the hands of a great writer, his behavior is understandable.  Since that is what literary fiction should reveal, one has to cherish the writings of this master.  Her language is simple, not particularly poetic or descriptive.  It is the human heart that Munro reads well and it is this fantastic offering that hits one like a sledgehammer.  Thank you, Alice, from allof us who try hard to understand people.  You help us to comprehend the most mysterious of our comrades: those who run away out of fear and ignorance of how miraculous life could be, if one opened his heart instead of closing it.     Marjorie Meyerle  Colorado Writer  Author of \\"Bread of Shame\\"
0307266303|5.0|My wife is a casual runner and picked up this book so I had the opportunity to give it a read while I was traveling for business.  The story is extremely engaging.   I found the book to be a real page turner and when my flight was arriving in Little Rock, I was a bit upset that I had to put the book down and transfer planes before I could pick it up again.  Whether or not everything is precisely factual as noted by some of the other reviews is irrelevant to me.   It's a great story and entertaining read.  I've recommended it to several friends.
B00009W0U4|3.0|Quite awsome,these events do take place in this world we live in,whilst the film makers may have pushed the boundaries why not show them-obviously not for the faint hearted of course!
0375413405|5.0|Purchased this book after seeing movie \\"Julia and Julie\\".  Am trying one new receipe a week and sharing with my neighbors.  Wonderful fun time doing something new with ingredients.  Recommend highly if you have the time.
B003E48AYC|2.0|First off, they should have called it, \\"The Mad-Hatter and some tart named Alice\\". I mean really, just look at all the advertising. It's like, who the hell cares about Alice? Not knocking Johnny Dep, he's a great actor, but I didn't really like him in this role. It felt too much like a re-hashed Jack Sparrow. Maybe it's because he has the one seen that destroys the entire movie (not that it had much to destroy). I mean really, that scene should have been deleted and then deleted again from the deleted scenes... maybe the blooper reel too. I don't want to ruin it for anyone who hasn't seen it, but you'll know it when you see the total goofball move that makes no sense in the the context of the movie. It's a total WTF moment. Other issues with the movie: It tried to hard to be Narnia and Lord of the Rings Jr. A lot of people complained that it didn't make any sense, but I say it made too much sense. Read the books, there is barely a cohesive narritive outside of little girl in strange world looking for a rabbit. It was way too predictable. You can call the whole ending by around the ten minute mark. I wanted to like this movie, I really did, but I think this fails on the same level as Tim Burtons version of Willy Wonka. It's a classic tale stripped of what makes it classic. Other than that, the effects were good and I did like a lot of the art design (minus the Mad-Hatter- way to flamboyant for me). Had a few \\"poke at the audience because we're in 3-D\\" moments that I don't care for. At the very least, it'll shut the kids up for about an hour or two, so, it's got that going for it.
0393072231|5.0|It only showed me how little I know about what can really hurt me. I can only hope that Mr Lewis is giving us the truth because the workings of investment bankers is a practice in obscurity. Now it seems the same foxes who ran this scam for profit are guarding the government's hen house. We are pawns in this shell game and knowing that it's out there must be a good thing, but it seems that all the power of the Presidency isn't enough to force meaningful controls on the fabulously wealthy and powerful few who seem to have successfully thwarted the attempt at control.<br />Since Reagan the greatest redistribution of wealth in world history has happened. The top 10 percent of the wealthy now control some 90 percent of the wealth - up from 67 percent in 1960. We are back the financial times of the Robber Barons. And the Conservatives claim that liberals want to redistribute the wealth.<br />The system is rigged and operated as legal armed robbery wherein the filthy rich suck every dollar they can from the poor and middle class. Trickle down my ass.<br /><br />It's just results in futility and being furious.<br />Read it and be angry - very angry<br />Then what?
B001FB4W0W|3.0|Great series, but this is the third time I've purchased a TV series on DVD where one of the discs wouldn't play.  In this set, the first two played just fine; the third on just ejected itself.  As far as I can tell, there's not a mark or scratch on it.  Wish I could count on the quality.  So annoying to have to send them back. I guess I'll just rent digitally from now on. And I don't dare purchase another as a gift--it would be so awkward and disappointing if the recipient couldn't enjoy the series.
8862933177|3.0|Sturdy cover to protect this Movie Journal.  The journal is well organized to catologue all of your favorite films.  There is ample space to write down memorable details of each film.  The journal also looks great on a book shelf or would look nice sitting out on a coffee table.  Recommend for Movie Buffs like myself.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|Awesome speciel effects. This is a great movie. Definitely worth watching. I didn't care that there were no special features. Most of the times I don't watch them anyway. The reason why I only gave it four stars is that the whole story is a little too predictable.
B0039TD7RC|5.0|As a music writer, I always wonder, why is an album  classic. We say this a lot and after years of listening, it is taken for granted. Younger people may listen to a classic album and balk? They have listened to so much derived from, oh, let;'s just say Exile On Main Street, and think \\"so what?\\"<br /><br />It is completely forgivable. Kids, and at this point, not so kids, who have never seen a black and white TV or a rotary phone--or more to the point, a twelve inch LP,-were simply not there. CDs are old. The Black Crows are old. Listening to Nirvana is like some of  us looking at films of the Cuban Missile Crisis, Sinatra being mobbed. Bill Clinton is Dwight Eisenhower. Stationary stereos vacuum tubes.<br /><br />So, back in  the covered wagon times, you had the Beatles and Stones, when two  rock bands could truly take over the world. They were friends, both essential to rock, and were diametrically opposed.<br /><br />The Beatles set their feet into blues and gospel and all the music Elvis wound in a tight coil called rock and expanded it with melody, new textures, and pulled the coil until rock became a music where anything could happen. The Stones set their feet on rock and dug their heals deeper, deeper, deeper and deeper in until they became the essence of all that started the whole game. The Beatles were America's Sweethearts, at least until Lennon made his Jesus comment. The Stones were dirty b-stard-s when rock and roll was still a visceral threat to middle American church folk.<br /><br />Blues, Gospel, except for jazz, African American music itself. The one time the Stones put on Beatle wigs, [[ASIN:B000003BEV Their Satanic Majesties Request]] it was universally blasted out of the water- but if you hear it now, it is really a fun album. But the Stones returned to the bedrock with [[ASIN:B00006AW2J Beggars Banquet]] in 1968 and to this day the album is among many the first people think of when they do the Stones.<br />\\"<br />But Exile On Main Street is quickly catching up. When it came in 1972, The Beatles had broken up, and the Stones were now known as the world's greatest rock and roll band. Back then, sex drugs and rock and roll was a true counter-culture lifestyle and not a T-shirt slogan, and the band were thought of as true outlaws. Altamont, where the Stones hired the Hell's Angels for security and  fans were beaten, one to death, was as recent as Obama being elected is now .  You really did have to hide your daughter.<br /><br />The band had  to leave England or loose their fortune to the Taxman, and took up residence in a French Villa--it was so hot they were going to call the album \\"Tropical Diseases,\\"  in the  summer to record Exile--boozed up, drugged out and on the  run.<br /><br />They also had enough material for a double album--songs they did not want manager thief Alan Klein to get his sticky mitt on before they made the break.<br /><br />Well, if the Beatles [[ASIN:B0025KVLU6 The White Album ]] was the double album that brought every kind of music into rock, Exile was the one that was the apex of rock solid. People had given up on changing the world, and rock now for many was to drop out and roll in decadence. The Stones ran permutations of blues and gospel, the forms of African American music, and made a dark rock and roll decadence party.<br /><br />\\"Rip This Joint,\\"  is pure dance hall boogie, the band hiring upright  bassist Bill Plummer and catching an early rock nuance. \\"Sweet Virgina\\" is rural country blues. \\"Tumbling Dice\\" Memphis soul, and was the track that landed on the radio. \\"Ventilator Blues,\\" is funk with a gospel twinge, where \\"I Just Want To See His Face\\" is like southern gospel run through a drugged rock filter.<br /><br />Every form that 1950s inventors like Elvis and Jerry Lee Lewis synthesized to make rock and roll is dug to its essence on Exile, which pressurizes this music with early 1970s decadence: \\"Rip This Joint,\\" is the party. \\"Ventilator Blues,\\" the hangover,  \\"I Just Want To See His Face,\\" the creepy desperation afterwords.<br /><br />Jagger to this day is not happy  with the mix of Exile, complaining about Jimmy Miller's murky production. There is a feeling here of being underwater, in a fog, and while Exile is a rock and roll party,  it is as much about the dark underbelly of the lifestyle back when that lifestyle was growing truly dangerous. You get the real thing, with all its fun, desperation and aftershocks, put on vinyl by the Stones and extended family--Bobby Keys, Billy Preston, Nicky Hopkins--when truly living and breathing it.<br /><br />I've yet to hear the bonus tracks, but as for the 1972 double LP Exile On Main St, no album gives you a better sense of time and place and the joys and dangers of rock and roll--and the Stones who  personified the music-back when both were truly dangerous beasts.is day is not happy  with the mix of Exile, complaining about Jimmy Miller's murky production. There is a feeling here of being underwater, in a fog, and while Exile is a rock and roll party,  it is as much about the dark underbelly of the lifestyle back when that lifestyle was growing truly dangerous. You get the real thing, with all its fun, desperation and aftershocks, put on vinyl by the Stones and extended family--Bobby Keys, Billy Preston, Nicky Hopkins--when truly living and breathing it.    I've yet to hear the bonus tracks, but as for the 1972 double LP Exile On Main St, no album gives you a better sense of time and place and the joys and dangers of rock and roll--and the Stones who  personified the music-back when both were truly dangerous beasts.
B003ELOQD4|5.0|I was at this show inside the inner circle. It was amazing. The additional bonus material is just icing on the cake. I only wish they could have put some of The Black Eyed Peas opening on the disk too. It would have been amazing to have Slash and Fergie's Sweet Child of Mine on there.
B002ZCY7PU|3.0|It's a lot easier to write a bad adventure show than it is to write good humor!<br /><br />I loved the first two seasons but have found this year tiresome or worse. I hated the stuff with Shaw! I was happy to see Chuck and Sarah get together but I didn't even watch the finale even though I bought and own the whole season from Amazon on demand.<br /><br />I guess I'm through with watching the new Chucks. I'm going to have to settle for watching the first two years again and try to forget this one!
0887307280|5.0|I've worked in start-ups and small cap business environments for over 20 years. Gerber has captured the essence of why so many organizations fail; especially in there early years.    This is a must read if you plan on starting a business of any type!    You should also take the Kolbe A index test to see where you fit in terms of how you execute plans.
B001SWQYGI|5.0|I bought this unit because I have a movie room setup with surround sound but it is next to one of the bedrooms where my grand children sleep when they come over.  We still want to watch movies while they sleep so I bought this amp in order to drive 4 (or more w/splitters) headphones from the main audio amplifier headphone jack on the movie setup. I just use a 1/4\\" extension cable to feed the Behringer HA400 amp and I am able to feed each headphone set with their own volume settimg limit.  To top it off, each headphone has its own volume adjust so each listener can monitor their own loudness while the HA400 keeps the max volume capped to where I set it.  The sound for movies is spectacular and this little amp has enough power to hurt your hearing if you let it.  I am extremely happy with this little unit.  It is small and can easily be moved with the cables as one reviewer has already said but in my situation I used sticky back velcro and attach it to the back of a little end table we have between the chairs. I don't listen to a lot of music through headphones so I really can not give an honest review of that but for movie watching, I Love It.
