B000002UCQ|5.0|This is my favorite album.  Full of joy and sorrow.  Everytime I listen to it, it takes my breath away.  However, like others in these reviews, I believe it is time for a full remix and remaster of this classic.  It is simply unjust to remix and remaster the catalogs of so many other artists and skip over George Harrison. Especially this album.  Its rich textures and harmonies require it.  Unfortunately, this is one of those records that actually sounds better on LP than on CD.  So, I beg you o'great record executive, for future generations, please remix and remaster this wonderful record.
B00003CX59|4.0|This movie is a ton of fun to watch!  It can be gross (very gory) at times, but Johnny Depp does a fantastic job as Ichabod Crane--he is hilarious!  And the costumes are worth it by themselves.  It's a wonderful version (but then, I still haven't read the original story).
B00004XONN|5.0|This is not an album to be taken lightly. If you are looking for a record to play at your next party, or to listen to in the car, or even to play in the background at work, this is probably not your record. Music does not get much more serious than this, especially in the rock/pop/mainstream world.<br />I believe that Radiohead has followed &quot;OK Computer&quot; in the most brilliant and unexpected way. &quot;Kid A&quot; is a haunting landscape of missing beats, backwards arrangements, hushed sounds, and simplistic yet deeply moving vocal styles. Where &quot;OK Computer&quot; revived the rock genre (in my opinion) by presenting wholly new and original song arrangements and thematic elements, &quot;Kid A&quot; attempts to create an opera of disenchantment, with little or no discernible arrangements of sounds. And, incredibly, it works beautifully. They combated the pressure to realease another &quot;OK&quot; masterpiece by producing an album that contradicts everything that was great about &quot;OK,&quot; and they still manage to come out on top.<br />Strong tracks include the acid-jazz (think Angelo Badalamenti on the &quot;Lost Highway&quot; soundtrack, all you David Lynch fans out there) &quot;National Anthem,&quot; &quot;How to Disappear Completely,&quot; and the most powerful song, &quot;Optimistic.&quot; <br />One last warning: you will have to listen to this multiple times, and serious music deserves serious listening. This means all the way through in one sitting, while relaxing. It works best if you can close your eyes and let the sounds work their way into your blood. The analogy to Kubrick by another reviewer was dead on: this takes some getting used to, but you will soon realize it is a haunting, unforgettable masterpiece.
B000000OMJ|5.0|People who think that music was dead in the 80s really need to clean the wax out of their ears. PG III is an amazing, stunning album from start to finish, delicately produced by Steve Lillywhite. And the supporting cast will make you soil your prog-rock pants - Phil Collins, Jerry Marotta, David Rhodes, Robert Fripp, Morris Pert, just to name a few...\\"No Self Control\\" is one of the darkest, most amazing pieces of music to come out of the 1980's, from the delicate marimba-led percussive beginings though the thunderous drum cascades at the finale.... The clever \\"Games Without Frontiers\\" is the big hit off of this album, even producing a video... (though not nearly as memorable as \\"Shock The Monkey\\") - something to check out if you are sick of trying to figure out what world powers PG is referencing in the lyrics is the intricate percussion at the end of this song by Morris Pert.  PG III also contains two of PG's most powerful lyrical statements - \\"Biko\\", which eloquently laments the death of the martyred South African freedom fighter - and the suspensful \\"Family Snapshot\\", which puts the listener in the mind of the assasin.  Its one of the most haunting examples of musical and lyrical thematic unity ever made in rock music.
6304806418|5.0|I never saw the stage version of Evita. I did listen to the Broadway CD and couldn't get hooked until I saw the movie. And what a movie.<br />Madonna gives a fine performance in this role, and I honestly can't think on an actress out there that could have given a better performance as Evita. I think Alan Parker intentionally took advantage of Madonna's experience in music video to make the movie version of Evita as fast paced as a music video album - and it works remarkably well. No, it isn't the stage version. This movie stands on its own. Yeah, Madonna is emotionally distant, but she was obviously playing up the real character's narcissistic qualities to the hilt. I think the emotional distance let's you understand how corrupt and manipulative the Peron's really were. You are fascinated by Evita and admire her drive, but see a balanced picture of her - not a saint by any means.<br />Besides the great photography and editing, the sound of the DVD version of this film is something worth going out and buying a surround sound system for. The songs have never sounded better, the orchestra is wonderful, and there are moments in the soundtrack that make your hair stand up on edge. <br />Parker slowly builds up to the famous balcony scene where Evita sings &quot;Don't Cry For Me Argentina.&quot; I have never really liked that song, but Parker and Madonna put it in a context where you almost want to stand up and cheer. Suspend disbelief is an understatement. Parker gets the audience caught up in the spirit of revolution, of Argentina, and of the masses. I haven't experienced anything like that since seeing a live performance of Les Miserables. <br />My only criticism of the movie would be that Parker failed to take advantage of putting any real dance sequences in the film. Most significant was the Buenos Aires sequence where we see Madonna riding a train when she should have been dancing her brains out. <br />Madonna helped mix the soundtrack - she should have won on Oscaror Grammy for that alone. The big surprise was how well Anthony Banderos sang as Che. His voice stands up to any singer on Broadway. Jonathan Pryce give a fine performance as Juan Perron. There are no real special features to speak of, which is a real disappointment. But I can give this five stars with a clear conscience because of the fine performances, the stunning widescreen presentation, the quality of the video, and great mix of the soundtrack. This is the best screen version of any of Andrew Lloyd Weber's work to date.
0553266306|5.0|Its a story of one man working on one contract.  After this job he will not need to work anymore.  The price is high because the prize is huge--France. Its a cat-and-mouse game between the Jackal and the French Colonel Rolland as the Jackal plans the assassination and Rolland tries to stop him.  But who is Rolland looking for?  No one knows who the Jackal is.  He has no partners, no connections, no name. This is the best novel I have ever read.  EVER.
6301543408|3.0|I thought Star Trek V was okay.I'll admit some of the special effects aren't all that good(but they're still entertaining),and when I first saw the film I expected the ending to be a lot better.I also got a little tired of the running gag of everything on the new Enterprise not working right.(it was funny for a while,but the gag wore a little thin) Those things aside,I thought most of the film was pretty good.It was cool to find out Spock has a half brother named Sybok.I thought the plot was interesting,up till the part when they reach the great barrier,anyway.I know the campfire scenes at the beginning bothered a lot of people,but I though they were alright,even a little funny.I guess the main reason I didn't dislike this film is the cast has such great chemistry together.The musical score by Jerry Goldsmith is very good,too.Overall,While this is probably my least favorite of the Star Trek films,(either this or the first one,it's a toss up)I didn't mind it too bad and there are a lot of worse movies out there!
0446677450|5.0|Do you wish you were wealthy? Ever wonder why you never seem to get ahead? This is the place to start.. It shows how easy becoming wealthy can be.  There is really only one thing to learn, Buy assets, not liabilities.  This book has literaly given me a new way to look at life. I have listened to the audio book about 5 times. Every time I listen I pick up somthing else to consider, and think about.  Robert doesnt give all the answers, but he helps you figure them out yourself.
B00004XOWM|1.0|This is one of those albums that make you curse God for ever creating a thing called music. Durst should be put to sleep for ever calling himself a musician. This is the extend of his lyrics (say these to yourself in such a high pitched voice that your throat strains and hurts and you'll sound exactly like him): WHY YOU WANNA HATE ME!?! GET THE F UP! CHOCALATE STARFISH!!  WHY YOU WANNA HATE ME? WHY's EVERYBODY PICKING ON ME? WHY YOU WANNA HATE ME?!? CAN'T WE JUST GET ALONG? YOU SAY SOMETHING BAD ABOUT ME I'LL HIT YOU!
B00004XOWM|1.0|How could they have worked on this so long and still made one of the worst CD's ever? Another question, why are people still buying this?  Don't get me wrong, I like the new Rap-Rock thing going on but this is just dumb.  I felt liking falling asleep listening to this! I just about threw this piece of garbage in the trash but then my friend asked if she could have it...two days later she threw it away! If you bought it already, throw it away, go grab a good Alice in Chains or Godsmack CD and listen to a GOOD band.  If you haven't bought this, STAY AWAY!
1884822312|5.0|This is not a book to read when you're trying to drift off to sleep.  It begins with easy mate in one patterns and progresses to more complex and difficult challenges.  It's a very enjoyable book, as it gives you the opportunity to improve your game even if you only have ten minutes to spare.  It's quickly becoming one of my favorites, and I predict I'll finish it by 2002.
B00003CXDB|5.0|This movie captures Americas' obsession with all things material in mid to late eighties. Michael Douglas and Charlie Sheen give performances of their careers. Perhaps Oliver Stone's best movie as well. Dialog is clever. Screenplay is fast moving and keeps you at the edge of your seat throughout. The movie is entertaining, honest and yet lets you draw your own conclusions. The Wall Street types will probably idolize Gordon Gekko (&quot;Greed is good!&quot;). In fact, a clip from Wall Street was prominently featured in a recent movie called Boiler Room. The blue-collar worker types will perhaps admire the father (an airline machinist) of Charlie Sheen's character. While the rest sympathize with Charlie Sheen (ambitious stockbroker) who is presented with ethical choices and opportunities that any mortal will have a hard time reconciling. He makes some good decisions and some not so wise choices. This movie is a must see!
0345357116|5.0|If you love the Tolkien universe and thirst for more about your favourite characters and the mythology of Middle Earth, you won't regret this purchase. Unfinished to varying degrees, there are stories that must have helped Tolkien flesh out the characters and story in his own mind (glimpses of Gandalf), earlier tales of the world, and interesting notes to help the reader understand the snippets. <br />On the other hand, it is certainly not a novel, and readers seeking *Finished* tales should try The Book of Lost Tales or one of the volumes on the history of Middle Earth edited by Christopher Tolkien.
0783241569|3.0|&quot;Okay, here's the pitch, J.D.-we get Julia Roberts, right? And she just kinda plays herself, right? And Hugh Grant is the male lead, and...&quot; That's probably all the producer needed to hear before he okayed this project, thinking to himself (&quot;We'll worry about a script later...&quot;). I usually shrink back in revulsion when I see trailers for Julia Roberts films, but I must admit that if you just turn off the &quot;logic&quot; circuits in your brain, you'll find &quot;Notting Hill&quot; a pleasant enough 2-hour diversion. The actors portraying Grant's screen family are amusing, particularly during the obligatory &quot;meet my colorful and wacky relatives&quot; dinner scene. Roberts and Grant give thier standard issue one-note performances, hitting thier marks and flashing movie star smiles big enough to cover the gaping plot holes. Okay for a &quot;popcorn movie&quot; mood.
B000003S5H|5.0|Among the best in the &quot;French touch&quot;. Air's best CD to date. Great music. Original and very relaxing. Definitively a must have CD.
B000002MQ9|5.0|Although I don't consider this to be my favorite album ever (that title goes to Nine Inch Nails' &quot;The Fragile&quot;), Dead Can Dance touch upon a dark beauty that even that CD doesn't quite reach up to. This is Dead Can Dance's darkest album, no question about that; where Gothic music (in the sense of the Victorian era) meets Arcane. &quot;Anywhere Out Of The World&quot; starts off with dark piano notes that bleed into Brendan Perry's beautiful voice. The song perfectly sets the mood for &quot;Within The Realm Of A Dying Sun,&quot; with it's Gothic piano notes and and somber mood (not to mention Brendan Perry's magnificent vocals and lyrics). &quot;Windfall&quot; is a beautiful instrumental that lives up to it's name quite well. The song is absolutely stunning, the way the violins weave in and out sends chills up and down my spine. &quot;In The Wake Of Adversity&quot; is like it's predecessor, only with vocals and a more Arcane feel. Very nice. At this point in the disk, I realized that, while the songs were perfect, they've been lacking an important part of Dead Can Dance: Lisa Gerrard! She does, however, make her entrance on this disk with &quot;Xavier.&quot; Lisa does the intro and Brendan takes over from there on. The song, just like all the other ones here, is perfect. A great song, and a chilling outro. It's the only song on &quot;Within The Realm Of A Dying Sun&quot; that the two team up vocally. Lisa finally gets the spotlight with &quot;Dawn Of The Iconoclast.&quot; The horns (or trumpets, whatever they're called, I'm bad at naming instruments) and drums lead and then give way to Lisa's voice. The song is short, a little more somber, darker, and softer as well. It ends beautifully, with violins that leave a haunted feeling. Absolutely exquisite. &quot;Cantara&quot; is probably the most Arcane of all these songs. The guitar in the beginning is beautiful, as well as the piano. Then the song lets loose with everything moving the tempo up and Lisa's eloquent vocals. I originally bought this CD for this song, turns out it was my least favorite here. The last two songs are of something from another realm, they are the best songs here (easily). &quot;Summoning Of The Muse&quot; showcases Lisa's best vocal work here. This song is just touching, it's very mournful, and her voice is so good I want to cry. I've said it before, and I'll say it again - forget Whitney Houston and Aretha Franklin, Lisa Gerrard has the single greatest voice ever. Her vocal display in these last two songs just aren't mortal. &quot;Peresphone (The Gathering Of Flowers)&quot; is the best way to close this CD. Again, very mournful and sad, in fact, this is probably the most depressing song here. The song is such a journey going through different changes, but without changing too much. I'm frustrated at not being able to describe the song in the right words. Just listen to it; I guess that's all I can say. &quot;Within The Realm Of A Dying Sun&quot; is flawless and absolutely perfect, I listen to it all the way through when playing it. It makes the entire Projekt label look like a bunch of shoegazing high schoolers. I cannot express my love for this CD enough; no words can do the justice this album so rightfully deserves. It deserves to be heard by music lovers everywhere.
B00004XONN|5.0|i'll begin with my first impression<br /> it's a great album..  but you all know it so let's go on..<br />i really don't know how to categorized this album.. maybe as a mood album..  a rock album.. a techno one.. its got it all.. and the best of all<br />my favourite tracks are idioteque (a magical.. mostly techno track) morning bell (wich would probably would of been the album's first single if they were releasing one) and kid a (a moody atmosferic track that will hunt you) the others are great too.. but i chose this three..<br />now, this album might be not that likable at start.. but try it.. give it some time and you too will be hooked! i have no bad things to write.. so i guess that's it.<br />sorry about my english mistakes.. and goodbye.
B000002MIF|5.0|Anyone who is a fan of The Smiths, new or old, knows that most of their releases contain redundant material - in fact, they have more compliation albums than albums. This is no exception - most of these tracks are available other places. This version of &quot;What Difference Does it Make?&quot; is far superior than the one that appears on The Smiths self titled album, though, and the version of Still Ill is also excellent. This compilation is definitely not just a shuffling of elsewhere-released tracks, and any fan should definitely pick it up.
B000002KCV|5.0|If you're looking for one of Neil's more influential grungy CDs, look elsewhere. If you're looking for one of Neil's most well rounded, most defining, most representative of the time in which it was produced recordings, than &quot;Comes A Time&quot; is for you. In what seemed the perpetual laid back atmosphere of the late 70s, &quot;Comes a Time&quot; fit like a glove. From the start of his career, Neil's always had a knack for putting out music that spoke for the times - &quot;For What It's Worth&quot; with Buffalo Springfield, &quot;Ohio&quot; with CSNY, and even &quot;Alabama&quot; all hit a chord with his listeners. &quot;Comes A Time&quot; may not have had a socially significant event to speak out on, but, in my opinion, that's what makes &quot;Comes A Time&quot; more admirable. This CD catches a mood of the time without a clear cut defining moment to base it on - which if you really think about it was the late 70s. This CD came out several years after Nixon's demise and a couple years before the Iranian Hostage situation thrust us into a national fervor. In between the two you had the Jimmy Carter years when life had an innocence, a take it as it comes mentality like a drive down a country road unbastardized by strip malls. To that end, &quot;Going Back&quot;, the CD's first cut paints a background that the rest of the CD decorates in the foreground with varying images. The energy of the title song hits you in the face with an energetic burst of violin - of optimism in whatever you choose to do (&quot;Comes a time when you're driftin'. Comes a time when you settle down&quot;). &quot;Already One&quot; and &quot;Lotta Love&quot; champion both life and love, while &quot;Human Highway&quot; and &quot;Four Strong Winds&quot; grasp a hopefulness, if naivete of the time that Neil puts in simple, easily understood terms. The whole CD is emcompassed by gorgeous melodies, courtesy of Rufus Thibodeau's fiddle, the late Nicolette Larson's silky harmonies, and the Gone With The Wind Orchestra's everpresent contributions. That's not even mentioning the the many layers of acoustic guitars that are laced throughout the CD by many contributors, including Neil himself of course, as well as J.J. Cale of &quot;Cocaine&quot; fame (original, later remade by Eric Clapton). Even Crazy Horse offers their stamp on &quot;Motorcycle Mama&quot;, the CDs distinct electric contribution. The end result is a musical experience that is pleasing to many of your senses. It's not the fast paced grungy assault that the Pearl Jams of the world were inspired by - though you never know. In capturing a mood of the time in an uneventful period, this is maybe Neil's most successful CD. This album is the late 70s, or at least a significant part of it. It's a musical vacation from today's fast paced times. Kick back (or take a long, destinationless drive), pop open a cold one (if not driving), tune out the phones, pagers and computers, and savor this sumptuous recording - and long for the return of such a simple time.
B0000009XP|5.0|For you new blues fan, get this cd....It's not often you get to hear Buddy like this unless you see his performance. This is a classic Buddy and with this cd you'll understand why he's a legend
B00000I0ZG|2.0|Well, DUH! I knew this album went gold in 11 weeks. That doesn't make it any better than its predecessor, Time To Say Goodbye, which took over a year to hit gold status. And La Luna hit gold status in six out of 8 weeks, just on pre-orders alone, and went even further than the previous two. No doubt subsequent albums will go even further than that, possibly even #1. No, I'm not saying the album *****, I'm just amazed by its popularity.
B00004THAY|5.0|Key to The Highway is incredible, but I'm going to wear out the cd on Ten Long Years and Three O'Clock Blues because no duel will ever do what those two have done on those cuts. It's so amazing to see the age of the King and hear him with the same energy as when he was younger.
B000003TA4|2.0|There are a couple of decent tunes here and some really good drumming and thats the most of it. The lyrics are depressing and make no sense, the singing is mediocre, Cobain was not a great guitar player and certainly was not anyone to look up to as any kind of hero. For good music of that kind and time look to Pearl Jam, Alice In Chains and Smashing Pumpkins (Gish especially for the hard edge).
B00000DI06|5.0|Two of John Rutter's best works, the Requiem and the Magnificat, are performed on this CD in a brilliant way by the composer himself conducting the Cambridge Singers. The Requiem is one of the best settings of the Mass for the Dead by any composer. This is not a strict setting of the Roman Catholic Requiem Mass, but it also have inserts from the 1682 Book of Common Prayer. As a whole, the piece is a reflection on the issues of death and eternal life, combining soothing moments as the ethereal Kirie to rousing choruses like the Sanctus. The performance of the Cambridge Singers is, as always, near perfection. It is specially noteworthy the ethereal performance of soprano Caroline Ashton in the beautiful Pie Jesu. The Magnificat, on the other hand, is an exultant setting of Mary's canticle. Again Rutter, blends the original text with lovely additions, like the beautiful English poem 'Of a Rose', the Gregorian setting of the Sanctus and the moving prayer 'Sancta Maria'. Soprano Patricia Forbes is radiant and soaring in her three solos. The City of London Sinfonia brings an expert playing to the superlative singing, ably conducted by John Rutter. Both the Requiem and the Magnificat are meditative and joyful reflections on some of the most beautiful and meaningful beliefs of the Christian tradition.
B000002UAU|5.0|Obviously this album changed the face of music.  Is it the best Beatle album?  It's hard for me to say.  It's so different than the others.  Actually most of their albums are different.  I have noticed that a lot of reviewers here have not mentioned Magical Mystery Tour.  It is definately one of my favorites to listen to.  Peppers is a really a blast to listen to.  If it wasn't for the finale &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; to complete it,  this album would have suffered.  It is one of the best tunes written.  As for the tunes in the middle?  I like them all.  They each have flair.  Within You Without You is trippy and takes a little while to grow on you but I don't think it would have been missed if omitted.  I listened to the CD a couple more times before I wrote this review and it has confirmed its greatness.  There is just a automatic atmosphere of fun here.  The musicianship is phenominal.  I probably listen to Abbey Road, Mystery Tour and the White Album more but Sgt Peppers IS great.
0446677450|3.0|Rich Dad, Poor Dad contains valuable concepts and good lessons regarding how we should think about money. The author certainly knows about money! His rich dad would be proud.<br />However, in my opinion the book is poorly written and edited. The book keeps repeating itself; literally paragraphs at a time. The diagrams do a mediocre job at conveying important concepts. The book leaves lots of room for improvement in the areas his educated &quot;poor dad&quot; would consider important.<br />To its credit, the book was a good way-to-think-about-money primer for my 13 year old, yet even he commented that the book says the same thing over and over.<br />I'm well read.  The book struck me as a hodgepodge compilation of the kind of stuff popular in the 1980s -- motivational talk integrated with &quot;get-rich in real estate&quot; themes.  In my opinion, the book is a success because of its title, not because of &quot;superb content.&quot;  Content is there, but superb content isn't.<br />In at least two places the book solicits a phone call from the reader to get a free tape, &quot;What My Rich Dad Taught Me About Money.&quot;  I called.  The tape is free, but there's a $... charge for shipping and handling.  I felt like I was baited and switched.<br />This brought back memories of the '80s get-rich-quick-late-night-talk-shows.  I wondered if the author is really making his $$$ by merely selling books and tapes to people desperate to buy hope.  Now we can add &quot;games&quot; to books and tapes.  At $... per game for Cashflow 101, the money can pile up rather quickly.<br />Possibly the best recommendation of the book is its &quot;recommended reading list.&quot; In my humble opinion, one would do better to read the books on the list and pass on this one.
B000002UDB|5.0|This is my favorite Beatles collection to listen to.  While not an intended album,  it is some of their best work.  &quot;The Fool On The Hill is amazing.&quot;  It was one of my favorites of the 1989 McCartney tour.  Every tune here is great.  Different, (most of The Beatles post 1965 work was different)  but great.  &quot;Flying&quot; and &quot;Blue Jay Way&quot; will grow on you if you give them a close listen.  I can't say enough about &quot;Your Mother Should Know,&quot; &quot;Penny Lane&quot; and &quot;Hello Goodbye.&quot;  What really makes this a superior collection is the contrast of Lennon's contributions in I Am The Walrus and Strawberry Fields and then the more collaborated &quot;Baby You're a Rich Man&quot; and &quot;All You Need Is Love.&quot; If you don't own this collection,  get it and listen to it carefully all the way through several times.
0375703764|4.0|I had never heard of this book when I picked it up, and I'm glad. I actually meant to order another book from my book club, but ordered this one mistakenly. My first thought was &quot;House of Leaves, that looks boring, maybe I can give it as a gift&quot;. Then I saw the quotes on the back by some of my favorite authors and wondered if I should give it a chance. Then I flipped through it and was interested by the way the book was put together. Then I read the description on the inside cover (which is mostly fictional) about the book being a collection of papers that circulated for a while on the internet, but had never been put together in a book format before, and the story about a house whose dimensions keep changing, and I was intrigued.<br />This is definitely a challenging read, in that it demands your full attention. In a couple places, it tells you to skip to the appendices and read a certain section, then return to where you were. The narrative goes back and forth between Johnny Truant's first person narrative (told in sections and footnotes) of how the book, by an elderly blind man who lived in his apartment complex and may not have been entirely sane, came into his possession and what it has done to his mind and his life, and the story told by the blind man about...about...you know, this is really a hard book for me to describe. It has stories within stories, about 800 different typefaces (it must have driven the typesetters, or whoever did the formatting at the publishing house, crazy) and formats that include interviews, bibliographiess, letters, transcripts, and even a section where there are just photographs of different scraps of paper. I probably had the most fun with the letter from Johnny Truant's mother that you actually have to take a pen and decode, because you have to take the first letter of every word and stick them together. I tried doing it my head, but was too tired, and ended up getting a pen and just taking the time to write it out and then read it. Unlike some of the unusual stuff in the book that really turned out to be meaningless or a dead end, the decoded letter turned out to be frightening (I actually had to toss the piece of paper it was written out on because I was worried someone would think I wrote it and had lost my mind).<br />This wasn't the scariest book I've ever read, but certain parts were very, very creepy and unsettling. Ever since I read The Legend of Hill House by Shirley Jackson, the idea of a house where the measurements don't quite add up or actually change has scared the bejeezus out of me.  True, you never see a monster, but to me, what you can imagine is always scarier than anything the author can dream up-the fear of the unseen. It's what scared some people so bad about The Blair Witch Project (dang it-I was hoping I could review this book without mentioning that movie!) I'm glad I read it at home where I could give it my full attention and not have people staring at me when I turned the book sideways and upside down and even turning it in spirals to follow the bizarrely formatted text. I'm also glad I read it before I read any reviews or heard any hype about it whatsoever, unlike the Blai---arrrgh! I did it again. I did have trouble getting into &quot;The Navidson Record&quot;, but it proved interesting. I didn't have any trouble getting into the Johnny Truant narrative--especially since the style of writing reminded me of the way Skipp and Spector used to write together (I really miss them).<br />Recommended for those looking for something different, or who want to read something that is engrossing enough to 'escape'. Also recommended to horror fans with an open mind. Not recommended reading, however, if you feel woozy or have a headache. For instance, every time the word 'house' is written, the typeface is slightly lighter than the rest of the text, and at first I couldn't tell if I were imagining it or not. I also made the mistake of trying to read part of the book when I was getting over an ear infection and still had some 'vertigo'- I had to put it down because rotating the book back and forth was starting to make me feel like I had the bedspins. If you're bored and want to read something different and challenging, and amusing? Definitely recommended.hen I was getting over an ear infection and still had some 'vertigo'- I had to put it down because rotating the book back and forth was starting to make me feel like I had the bedspins. If you're bored and want to read something different and challenging, and amusing? Definitely recommended.
B00004T9UF|5.0|I personally think this CD is really awesome. Some people might be offended by it because of all the stuff he says through his lyrics from his songs but you've gotta admit (and give him credit) 'cause he sure has the guts to say what he really feels! Of course, I don't agree 100% with everything he says (especially about the boy bands - - I like listening to the boy bands, too, especially BACKSTREET BOYS. And I don't really like what he says about WILL SMITH, BRITNEY SPEARS, AND CHRISTINA AGUILERA 'cause I like them all, too.) So yes, I'll admit that there are some things he says in his songs which I don't agree on but other than that, I think this CD is cool. I think EMINEM is a very talented rapper (not many rappers can rap like him!) and his rapping talent shows/shines through this CD. My favorite track is &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;...that's the best! I also like the song he does with DIDO (although I can't remember the title of that song 'cause they don't mention DIDO on the list of lyrics here on Amazon.com). EMINEM is I guess sort of a &quot;bad boy&quot; 'cause of all the stuff he raps about...usually about all the things wrong with this world like death, killing, crimes, drugs...the usual rap/hip-hop topics, but EMINEM dares to go down into a deeper level of all that. He swears a lot in his songs, too. (But doesn't everybody in this world swear a lot?!) A lot of people (especially celebrities) are probably offended and insulted by EMINMEN'S music, but it's just music...it's probably nothing personal...so just relax and enjoy it. Don't go crazy over it! THE MARSHALL MATHERS LP is probably one of the best albums of the year 2000! (After BLACK AND BLUE, of course - - the BACKSTREET BOYS' new album!!) Also, check out DR. DRE'S album, 2001 'cause EMINMEN helps out with some of his songs!! (One more thing: even though EMINMEN is a Bad Boy, he's actually a pretty hot guy!) Fans won't be disappointed with this second album of his!!
0553579908|3.0|I'm noting an distressingly increasing trend among fantasy writers- to write history books, not stories. These authors apparently believe that to make things exceedingly complicated, exhaustive and immensely detailed (thus skimping on the character development; theres no room for it!) makes it enjoyable. Actually it basically turns the whole thing into a history book (e.g. The Wheel of Time. Wheres the plot, theme or anything similar? I see 1000 minor plots, but hardly a major theme or vision). And there are a lot of fans who want to dive into the mass of details and just forget about reality. Martin comes real close to this unfortunate practice in his second book but thankfully, doesn't wuite fall into the trap.<br />The book is pretty good, no doubt about it. But it could have been a lot better. There are likeable characters (Arya, Tyrion) but the lack of a protagonist or even two makes for tedious reading at times. Often character development is supplanted by simple narration. However, there's still a lot of excitement, and the book does make you want to read it... for a while. The book could have and should have been shorter. Don't these people know what brevity is? More words = higher price but not better story.<br />If you liked the Game of Thrones (I liked it) then you'll probably want to pick this up, if only to continue the series. If you're new, start from the beginning; and if you hated the first book then this one's not for you either.
B00000DATT|5.0|This album is EXCELLENT.  I do not understand why there was no promotion of it by the record company.  Truly, a fine piece of work by Brian May.<br />I hope he doesn't wait too long to release another.   EXCELLENT, EXCELLENT, EXCELLENT
0679879269|5.0|The Amber Spyglass is a fitting end to His Dark Materials. yet it manages to be so much more than just an adventure story. It draws heavily from Paradise Lost, but the point of view given is all its own. The book is also very beautiful at times, with a grandeur in its theme that lights up the whole book (and the series). One reviewer called the theme of the book its main weakness. I would like to present the opposite view. The major theme is that Judeo-Christian values are always questionable as to their effects and validity(not their intent). While the religion may not be meant a certain way (I am pretty sure pacifist Christ never wanted wars fought in his name) it is always distorted by believers. This is the main danger of organized religion as shown by the Amber Spyglass. One may say that religion can be so much more in people's lives, but only if that person is willing to accept a faith without evidence because it makes him 'feel better'. <br />When the Amber Spyglass shows us this picture of organized religion, you may call it a 'straw man' and say that the book doesn't prove or disprove its theme, simply asserts it. Unfortunately it is very difficult to prove a theme that applies to our world without real historical examples, and in a fantasy world that's not possible. If the author makes up a history, it is just that- a made-up history to reinforce the point. What one may do is draw real parallels with our world and Pullman accomplishes this rather well (has anyone wondered about Lyra's church? It could be our church, if our church still had the same power it had in the 14th and 15th centuries. Preemptive absolution sounds awful similar to papal indulgences). <br />In other words, the theme of the book is not only sound, it comes close to being awesome (in the old sense of the word, inspiring awe). I would suggest this series to anyone who wishes to be provoked a little into thinking and also appreciates good fantasy and a the grandeur that accompanies it.
B00000637V|5.0|I bought this album (note the pre-cd language) right before leaving home to go to college, and did NOT take it with me because I knew I'd have enough emotional trauma to deal with without it for awhile. That is how powerfully  it hit me as an eighteen-year-old. It has only gotten stronger with age. It is a dark, tragic,  agonizing story that is beautiful for all its pain.  The songs &quot;The Bed&quot; and &quot;Sad Song&quot; with which the album ends (on an ironically &quot;triumphant&quot; note of resignation) are simply gorgeous in tone, orchestration, and lyric. Lou Reed was quoted once as saying he cannot listen to this album (sorry, my age shows again) without becoming emotional. Whereever  this story came from, it obviously meant a great deal to him, and he turned it into his masterpiece. Not for someone looking for a good time; be strong   and listen.
0671034065|1.0|I seem to be in the minority here, but I couldn't find any reason to keep going with this book. If I hadn't read the &quot;Books By Linda Howard&quot; list in the front, I might have thought this was a &quot;first effort&quot; gone wrong.
B00004XONN|5.0|I have 4 Radiohead albums &amp; this is my favorite. I only bought it because my friend talked it up so much, I swore I'd never buy another after the last pathetic effort - OK Computer. I think he's pissed I like it better than him because now I'm a bigger fan than him so he's gonna have to find a new band to like more than me.  There are 3 songs on this CD that I absolutely love. They give me a really cold meloncholic nostalgic shiver, Everything in it's Right Place, Idioteque &amp; Morning Bell. Definetly one of the ten best CDs I've bought in the last couple of years.
B00004YA66|5.0|I first saw Frequency the day it was released in theatres, after I saw a preview that got me extremely interested in the movie. I didn't know quite what to expect, but what I found was well written movie, with excellent acting performances and a very gripping storyline, a truly enjoyable moviegoing experience. The story focuses on a cop named John Sullivan (played brilliantly by James Caviezel in a breakthrough big screen performance) who lives in Queens, NY in early October 1999, which happens to be the date of an appearance of a phenomenon that allows John to communicate with his father Frank (with a very solid and emotional performance from Dennis Quaid), on the same radio, in the same house. The interesing part is that John talks to Frank thirty years earlier, merely days before Frank, a firefighter, dies herocially trying to rescue a person trapped in a blazing fire. Frank and John end up making catastrophic changes in the timeline, which leads to the brutal murder of John's mother(in an excellent performance from Elizabeth Mitchell) only days later in 1969. The movie is really a combination of several different elements. First of all it focuses on a father-son relationship between Frank and John. The interaction between Caviezel and Quaid is superb, and leads to some of the films most emotionally moving moments. The emotion is skillfully achieved, as Caviezel and Quaid don't act face-to-face, but across a HAM radio. The interplay between the two time periods really adds to the movie without overshadowing the its story. Frequency also combines elements of suspense, action, mystery, and tense drama. Frequency covers all of the bases, and does so very skillfully. This brings us to the DVD disc itself, which comes from New Line Home Video, who completely loaded the disc with a huge amount of special features, including many interesting DVD-ROM features that can be accessed by any PC with a DVD-ROM drive and PC Friendly installed. If you don't have PC Friendly on your computer, the DVD will install it for you if you so choose. The disc also has deleted scenes, as well as several feature legnth commentaries(by the director, producer, and actor Noah Emmerich who plays the adult Gordo, John's best friend). The disc also includes an interesting original documentary, as well as a trailer and animation galleries. If you are are willing to let your mind go a little bit to accept the science of the storyline, it actually becomes a fascinating part of the movie. This movie would definitely be a worthy addition to any DVD collection. Frequency also offers an extremely exciting and rewarding finale that will not disappoint anyone who watches it. The bottom line is this: Frequency is a wonderful movie, with incredibly strong emotional performances from the entire cast, very moving dramatic moments, as well as tense, gripping action sequences, and a rousing finale. Frequency is definitely one to remember. This movie truly has it all!
185828340X|4.0|We just came back from a two-week trip to Japan using the RG Japan.  We visited Ise Pennisula, Shikoku, Kansai and Kyushu area and found the guide book was very detail yet accurate in all aspects.  The book is especially helpful for us for the accommodations and eateries.  One example is the Hiroshima International Youth House in the Aster Plaza in the Hiroshima city center, which has brand new western rooms (two beds and bath, no food) for only 6,260 Yen for two person per night.  The book provides accommodation price range from 1 through 9 and we tried one Ryokan with 9 in Dogo Hot Spring in Shikoku.  The bill was 52,000 Yen per night, just like the book described (also the superb service and garden).  In addition to the normal description of tour details, the book provides considerable historical and cultural background information which helped us to understand Japan better.  I compared the RG with similar guide books from the LP and Frommer and my experience is that RG Japan is definitely far superior than the latter two for touring Japan.
B00004W3MS|4.0|As you may have noticed, Iceland's latest impressive musical export has garnered plenty of rapturous praise and more than a few lofty comparisons to the Cocteau Twins.  It's an analogy that's as accurate as it is inaccurate.  Sigur Rs do use the same voice-as-an-instrument theme, deftly vocalizing their own mutilated language like a pleasantly reserved Magma devotee.  They also meander across a passel of powerful goosebump inducing moments, though at times it seems like 'stumble' might be the more accurate verb.  And that's where they differ from the Cocteaus ... tidy, structured and crisply executed CT song structures are supplanted by sprawling multi-instrument excursions that coalesce into geographical movements. Their use of overmodulation as ethereal accompaniment is also unmatched.  Several songs do listlessly bathe in the sunlight without creating much more than pleasant scenery, like cattle in a vividly verdant field.  But any band able to craft extended bliss-enducing songs like the string and horn ecstacy of &quot;Staralfur&quot; or the thick vocal treasures of the title track have earned every drop of adulation they've drawn.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The best movie in seen for a while.I couldn't get enough of it.Seemed like it was too short but it wasn't.Don't miss out on this on.
0679879269|1.0|(Hoping that the title of this review has sent some endorphines rocketing up in readers of &quot;It&quot; by Stephen King...)<br />I felt compelled to write this second review to the long-awaited (also by myself, alas...) and extremely disappointing &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; by some facts:<br />1) I used to be a big Philip Pullman fan. I issued an Amazon order for the whole trilogy (though I already owned the first two volumes in the Italian translation) a month before the publication date of &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot;. As another reviewer perfectly said, I loved &quot;Northern Lights&quot; (I prefer this title), liked &quot;The Subtle Knife&quot; a lot and I wish Pullman had written another and COMPLETELY different &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot;. In other words, he has botched his creation as no other writer ever did... maybe only James Joyce approached such a feat in the unique but uniquely unreadable &quot;Finnegans Wake&quot;. But there's a big difference even there: Joyce had everything in the world to say and he chose to say it only for himself... Pullman... well...<br />2)  One star was far too much... the right vote would be MINUS-INFINITE stars. Pullman would deserve it as a measurement of the difference between his infinite ambition (hey presto, he gives his &quot;answers&quot; to practically all the Great Questions) and his less than finite accomplishment.<br />3)  I was sadly impressed by the fact that even 5-stars readers almost always complain about the ending. Now, this is a strange phenomenon. &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; has a rather melancholy ending, too, but I don't know that anybody ever openly complained against it. Leaving all the great tragedies in literature alone, of course. But the completeness of &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; as an artistic failure is this: even people who desperately WANT to like the book find no rhyme nor reason in its ending - and rightly so, because there isn't any. I will try to state this as clearly as I can, for everybody:<br />Book, and the worlds they describe, and their characters, have a life of their own. By no means they are the property of the author to do as he pleases. That is the great rule that Pullman broke. He could have ended his trilogy in many ways. But nothing at all gave him the right to end it in a way where ALL the main characters were completely untrue to themselves, with no believable reason.<br />(Mrs. Coulter and Lord Asriel sacrificing themselves, a most unworthy deed for such delightful villains, and Lyra and Will sacrificing themselves in another but no less terrible way... At the end, one feels that everything that happened has been simply USELESS, and that is the worst sensation any book can give you.)<br />4 and most important) OK, this book saddened you just as it saddened me... but don't despair, there are many good books around, for example...<br />Of course, &quot;It&quot; by Stephen King. It'a a single novel, but it's as long as the whole &quot;His Dark Materials&quot;. It gives everything Pullman promised but didn't deliver. Teenage heroes and heroines against terrible evil - metaphysical and otherwise. Love. What the teenage heroes and heroines did become after twenty years. Love again, the real one. Pennywise the Clown - you can't even conceive HIM (or IT?) turning good! Would you? And, of course, Bill Denbrough Beats the Devil... TWICE!<br />Of course, The Lord of the Rings (if you have already read it, do yourself a favour and do it again). So you'll understand why any comparison is ludicrous. By the way, LOTR isn't really a trilogy at all. If you add &quot;The Hobbit&quot; (and you MUST add it) it's one of the two great tetralogies in the world, the other being &quot;The Ring of the Nibelung&quot; by Wagner... useless to say that Tolkien owes a whole lot to the German musician/playwright.<br />If you like uniquely creative atmospheric stories of cosmic horror, anything by H. P. Lovecraft.<br />If you like good science fiction stories about parallel Universes, with sympathetic characters, anything by Clifford D. Simak.<br />If you like anything weird and supremely written, &quot;The Gormenghast Trilogy&quot; by Mervyn Peake.<br />If you like great stories with a theological aspect that doesn't drown the book, &quot;An Instance of the Fingerpost&quot; by Iain Pears (don't worry, he's no atheist... on the contrary, I could say that his theological outlook is right Pullman's opposite).<br />At the very least, stick to Harry Potter. Nothing to write home about, I'll admit, but still some worlds better than the Spyglass. After ending Harry, it will probably be late at night. Take a stroll outside. Watch the sky. Feel the wind. Thank our Authority, or whatever is the name you give.fiction stories about parallel Universes, with sympathetic characters, anything by Clifford D. Simak.<br />If you like anything weird and supremely written, &quot;The Gormenghast Trilogy&quot; by Mervyn Peake.<br />If you like great stories with a theological aspect that doesn't drown the book, &quot;An Instance of the Fingerpost&quot; by Iain Pears (don't worry, he's no atheist... on the contrary, I could say that his theological outlook is right Pullman's opposite).<br />At the very least, stick to Harry Potter. Nothing to write home about, I'll admit, but still some worlds better than the Spyglass. After ending Harry, it will probably be late at night. Take a stroll outside. Watch the sky. Feel the wind. Thank our Authority, or whatever is the name you give.
B00004UEDQ|4.0|28 DAYS is another entry in this new Hollywood genre : the clinic movie. After a dozen movies, clich&eacute;s and stereotypes are already there so don't expect the screenplay to be original. You won't learn a thing about the therapies developed in the american rehab centers but you will have a great time with the performance of Sandra Bullock and the whole cast. I also admit that the presence of Steve Buscemi would save any movies from total oblivion. He is silently becoming the best american actor in activity.<br />I also liked a lot director Betty Thomas's sense of humor which was already patent in PRIVATE PARTS. Alan Tudyk's performance as well as the episodes of the soap opera Santa Cruz could be the only reasons to rent 28 DAYS if you're a Bullockphobic.<br />No theatrical trailer, but english subtitles, a commentary and more hilarious episodes of Santa Cruz, definitively my favorite soap.<br />A DVD to rent.
B000002UJQ|5.0|What an album! Some may dismiss radiohead as just another loud alternative band, but this is truly a thoughtful, mature album. Every song is enjoyable and special in its' own way. &quot;Lucky&quot; is my favorite song on this album and is one of the best they've ever done. &quot;No Surprises,&quot; &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; and &quot;Karma Police&quot; are other standouts and, like the Foo Fighters, radiohead also has several excellent videos from this album, including the ones for these four songs. One publication voted this as the best album of all time, which the band and myself included, thought was stupid. I think it was just a poularity contest at the time. However, this is ONE of the best albums of all time and I HIGHLY recommend it. It is the bands' masterpiece!
B00003CXDG|3.0|A shameless and robotic concoction.Screenwriter Towne has taken the emotional core from Notorious,the bad guy number 2 secretly loves bad guy number 1 sub-theme from North By Northwest,and stapled them together to provide a few interludes inbetween the 16-year-old macho fantasy action scenes (doesn't Mr Woo Know that being hit is actually pretty painful - maybe he should try it some time).None the less,it is slick as well as cynical,Newton is an intelligent actor who makes the most of what scenes she is given,Cruise is lazily compelling,and,if you are in need of nothing more than a polished piece of nonsense to watch while you eat your pizza,this will probably do.
B000002OX7|5.0|This album captures the passion and full force fury of the Who in the rawest material; music.    With songs like &quot;Bargain&quot;, &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot;, &quot;Goin' Mobile&quot;, and &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot;, you really can't go wrong.   The Best Song on the Album?   A lot of people disagree with me in saying that although &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; is a good song, I Think &quot;BABA O'RILEY&quot; is their masterpiece and it will resound forever in as THE anthem of Rock.
B000005RFQ|3.0|I hadn't heard anything good about this album, but after listening to it a bit, its not that bad, of course its not that good either. In the late 70's and early 80's metal was beginning to be pre-pakaged for consumer consumption, and the people just loved it, and as with every kind of fad there was 10 immatators to every band with talent, and by this time Black Sabbath showed more then a little influence from the hair metal scene they had helped to create.<br />     I'm not a huge metal fan, I can apreciate the death blast of the Stooges and early Sonic Youth, the filth of GG Allin, and the punk/metal/blues fusion of Nirvana, but in the end if they're just playing loud for loud's sake, and just riff their @sses off, it's just too mind numbing and boring for my tastes. But that dosen't mean its for nobody: so if you have long hair, like to air guitar and enjoy druming on the dash board of your pick up truck whenever your favorite AC/DC song comes on the radio, this album has plenty to offer.
0767836286|5.0|After seeing this film in the theater, I was quite shocked at the turn of events at the evening.  In fact, I liked this film better than its rival of the time, &quot;The Sixth Sense.&quot;<br />The DVD is your standard DVD with commentary, and the director at times is a bit boring.  But the film itself is definitely worth it and will have you watching again and again for the little nuances throughout the film.
B000023VR6|5.0|The production of 2001 is nothing but extraodinary; seemless mixing of styles and cuts.  The rhymes are immotive in a way eminem can't manage.  The added bonus of this record is the huge resource of guests; adding variety and depth to the music.  'Big Egos' is the best track, and sums up the entire album.
0062502182|4.0|The Alchemist was an excellent book. It got me to remember the importance of having goals and dreams in our life. Those are our motor to continue forward. The Alchemist bring you to discover magic the fountain of life.
B000023VR6|5.0|The production of 2001 is nothing but extraodinary; seemless mixing of styles and cuts.  The rhymes are immotive in a way eminem can't manage.  The added bonus of this record is the huge resource of guests; adding variety and depth to the music.  'Big Egos' is the best track, and sums up the entire album.
0062502182|4.0|The Alchemist was an excellent book. It taught me to value the things that life gives us. Some time we feel frustrated because we don'nt gain some dream that we had, but we don't value the important things that we live day by day.  I think that we should live the present and exert oneself to live our life happy, and we will obtain a better future.
B00004XONN|5.0|My own personal belief is that Radiohead is always ahead of the times.  This CD is certainly no exception, and is a blueprint for all rock bands in the early 21st century.  However, because it is so &quot;out there,&quot; any listener must allow themselves about 3-4 uninterrupted listenings to begin to appreciate this CD.  Once you have done that, you won't want to listen to anything else, and other CD's you have begin to sound boring.  I thought OK Computer was the best overall CD of the 90's, now Kid A certainly is the best of the new decade to this point.
0062502182|5.0|The Alchemist was a very interesting story. I Believe anyone could accomplish their dream. The Alchemist helped me to follow my dreams and that my heart is hidden but my treasures can be found.And never give up what I believe in.
0446608955|4.0|Nicholas Sparks is ever so good at writing a love story that floods your mind and stirs your heart.<br />I have read Sparks' The Notebook and Message in a Bottle and it is my opinion that A Walk to Remember falls short of The Notebook but is better than MIAB.<br />The story is narrated from a first person's point of view, which is my favourite in novels.  Landon tells us his story from 40 years ago, a year of his life which changed him forever.<br />We are introduced to Jamie, a plain &quot;good&quot; girl whom everyone can identify with: conservative wear, no make-up, carries a Bible all the time.  Landon, then 17, young, brash, eager to blend into the crowd.<br />As &quot;the Lord's plan&quot; throws the two together, we smile and go &quot;awwww&quot; as we see them falling in sweet, innocent, wholesome love which we often wish for ourselves.  Sparks is able to wrench our hearts and at the same time, preparing us at the back of our minds, for something that would pop the bubble.<br />Along the lines of his other 2 novels, heartache was inevitable. Would you cry?  Would you scorn at the predictability of the story?  Do find out for yourself.
0399146253|5.0|So Scarpetta is human. Anyone who doesn't enjoy this book and the peeling back of Kay Scarpetta's layers doesn't know how to enjoy Cornwell's brilliant mind. I don't have to ask myself if I liked the book. Any book that tugs at my mind while it lays on my bedside table waiting for me to return home is worth every dollar. I alternately read fast because I wanted to know how it would end, and slow because I didn't want it to end. I will definitely rush out and buy the next Cornwell novel, just like I have all the others.
0062502182|4.0|The Alchemist book was very interesting.  It gave me lots of knowledge in dealing with life's daily challenges.  Santiago went threw many different stages in life, which made the story the most interesting.  Especially when he began his journey, thats what really made me get into the story the most.  All the wierd people he met along the way, and the interesting people too. And also all the little details that occured along  his journey, it made it very exciting.
B0000507UD|5.0|I was a little nervous when i purchased the album thinking that limp may have gone too mainstream, but once i heard the whole album, it is a masterpiece. my favorite song is &quot;hold on&quot; which scott weiland and fred durst co-wrote. that song is a great track. it is probably one of their better mellow songs. on a rock and rap standpoint, of course, &quot;getcha goove on&quot; is my favorite. limp always seems to pull out the best guest rappers on their album. although, i would like them wo go back to their old &quot;3 dolla bill&quot; style, i think that they are still creating out of this world mixes and lyrics. peace.
0062502182|4.0|The Alchemist book was very interesting.  It gave me lots of knowledge in dealing with life's daily challenges.  Santiago went threw many different stages in life, which made the story the most interesting.  Especially when he began his journey, thats what really made me get into the story the most.  All the wierd people he met along the way, and the interesting people too. And also all the little details that occured along  his journey, it made it very exciting.
0553106635|5.0|This book is one of the best books Ive ever read. This book has it all: marvelous story, vivid plot and great characters And what is most important: something is happening all the time. The only drawback is the lengh of these series. Expect at least 5 more books.
B000001Y79|5.0|Out of my collection of over 200 CD's the best i No Doubt's Tragic Kingdom
B00000JJQK|5.0|This is one of those albums that everyone absolutely must have, no question, and once you hear it, you wonder how you ever managed without it. I know. It happened to me. Growing up, I just thought the Beach Boys were just guys in ugly shirts who sang songs about girls, cars, and surfing, usually at state fairs or after baseball concerts. It was only in my mid to late teens when I started noticing that the people that I listened to -- Matthew Sweet, Velvet Crush, R.E.M. -- almost invariably cited Brian Wilson and the Pet Sounds album particularly as an influence. I eventually came to the point where I HAD to find out what all the fuss was about for myself. Discovering Pet Sounds was the musical equivalent of puberty for me. After I found Pet Sounds, I became a man.<br />Pet Sounds is basically a Brian Wilson solo album, as the rest of the Boys were brought in much later in the recording process to lay down background vocals and a select few of the leads. This was Brian's desparate attempt to get away from writing about cars and girls and frollicking in the sun, and the result was an intensely personal album that the record company hated and most of the public didn't understand at first. And with good reason, this album is nothing like the Beach Boys had ever done before, and nothing like anyone had done before for that matter.<br />There are two striking aspects to Pet Sounds. One, the production, with its layers upon layers, its oftentimes unusual instrumentation (come on, a French horn in a pop song? An upside-down water bottle?), and its sheer intimacy. Second, the simple, earnest emotional quality of the lyrics. Or so it seems. In a lot of ways, Pet Sounds reminds me of the Marvin Gaye's classic What's Going On? which also has a simplistic lyrical quality that belies its spiritual depth. It's musical pointilism -- all these tiny dots that, grouped together, form this sweeping masterpiece.<br />Pet Sounds is a song cycle of love, loss, heartache, and teen angst, put forth in such a universally human way, even Kurt Cobain took notice. The highlights for me include the sweeping, yearning &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice?&quot;, the quiet &quot;Don't Talk (Put Your Head On My Shoulder)&quot; with a bass line simulation of a heartbeat as Brian says &quot;Listen to my heartbeat...Listen... Listen... Listen...,&quot; the instrumental ballad &quot;Let's Go Away For A While&quot;, the intertwining harmonies and Carl Wilson's understated lead vocals on the inspired &quot;God Only Knows&quot;, &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot; with its emphatic chorus &quot;Sometimes I feel very sad,&quot; and the mournful coda of lost love &quot;Caroline, No.&quot; Those may be my highlights, but, honestly, there isn't a single throwaway track on Pet Sounds, with the possible exception of &quot;Sloop John B.&quot; which isn't a bad song but seems out of place here, given the rest of the album's themes.<br />Again, like Marvin Gaye's What's Going On?, Pet Sounds has the feel of an album recorded with the musical inspiration and intervention of God. Compare &quot;God Only Knows&quot; with &quot;What's Going On?&quot; and you'll hear what I'm talking about. Sweeping, majestic songs that sound like everything you've heard before and like nothing you've ever heard before all at once. An absolute must for music lovers everywhere...
B00004XONN|5.0|Don't be fooled by people who say this is unlistenable.  It's an incredible piece of work, and most of the songs are even hummable.  I think if anything this just goes to show that Radiohead is the real thing, a contemporary band that is here to stay.This album, along with OK Computer and the Bends will be around for years to come and inspire generations of radiohead fans just as we see young teenagers these days getting into Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin, etc.  That's more than I can say about any other bands that are putting albums out these days, with the possible exceptions of Pearl Jam and Gomez.
B000001FS6|5.0|I was only ten years old when this album came out and I was not a U2 fan at the time, but when I heard that this album was blasted by the critic. Why was this, I wonder? &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot; combines all the genius of their previous albums into incredible live performances from their 87' Joshua Tree tour as well as introducing us to some great new original numbers like &quot;Desire&quot; and &quot;All I Want is You&quot;. Also included are some surprisingly well done covers of the Beatles' &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; and Dylan's &quot;All Along the Watchtower&quot;. If you want to hear U2 at the top of their game, buy this CD!
B00000DHRZ|4.0|One of the top punk bands for years, the Offspring have taken a different route on much of this album, and despite some people's derogatory Britney comparisons, there is class on here. Pretty Fly is a great fun pop song of the highest order, Why Don't You Get A Job is kinda novelty but not too bad, and the Kids Aren't Alright rocks big time, with a great video to match. Better still are Staring at the Sun and Feelings, the latter a bizarre cover done with fine style. Like Green Day this was a cathcy and lively punk band who, having reached a certain stage of maturity, specifically the point of being married, stopped being punks and looked at other things. Don't forget that songs like Gone Away weren't THAT punk anyway. All the same Come Out and Play bea\ts any of this, despite the album's quality
B00004XONN|5.0|I still can't understand how they managed to sell this album so well. It's definitely not simple rock album and it would not be probably released at all, if some other (less popular) band record it. But it is still beautiful album. Of course, it's impossible to get its beauty, while listen it over radio or walking with you CD player around the city. You have to switch the lights off, sit down and relax. You have to listen it two or three times (maybe even more) to understand music from &quot;Kid A&quot;. There are some tracks on CD that are easier to enjoy, but you have to try harder to feel other ones. It's not usual way to listen to &quot;rock&quot; music, but finally it is worth it. So, if you feel you're up for challenge, go and buy it right now. And if you're not, just listen to their old songs - they are much more simple and still great :-)
B000001EC1|5.0|Whether it's fast or slow, melancholic or rocking, Bon Jovi fill stadiums and break hearts over and over. The omissions of In These Arms and Never Say Goodbye from the US version are unfortunate (especially the latter; so good it makes me sentimental for a scene I never experienced), and I'll Sleep When I'm Dead and Living In Sin should've appeared, but everything else is amazing. My personal favourtie here is I'll Be There For You. The finale gets me every time, but Always, Livin' On A Prayer, Bad Medicine and You Give Love a Bad Name are up there as well. Actually so is everything except Lay You Hands On Me and the vaguely cheesy Runaway (the keyboard on is seriously dated). One of teh great 80s rock bands who still keep it pumping today.
0553106635|5.0|Simply amazing.  George R R Martin is ranked among my favorite authors now for the simple reason that he is not afraid to make the reader fume at his grand design.  Characters whom the readers emphasize with are often lost or a flaw introduced making one think twice about why that person deserves the reader's loyalty.  All in all, Martin's characters are not 2D but instead show the true personas of people who have to make tough choices during a war and a battle for a kingdom.  I actually rate the books in quality in this order ( 3, 1 and then 2.  If you haven't tried this series I suggest you put down your copy of &quot;Rand - one day to a billion&quot; and read a story that will actually have an ending that was thought out at the beginning to the end ( instead of milking the cash cow by a certain author we all know about ).
B00000JPH6|5.0|The film itself is an undisputed touchstone in the development of cinema fantasy. Its art direction, technical wizardry, and mesmerizing spell make it a classic of entertainment as well as a piece worthy of study.  Why buy this on DVD?  Firstly, the transfer from film is excellent.  I'd become used to the muddied prints used for television and my own VHS copy. The DVD offers vibrancy and sumptuous sound.  Let me put it this way: The DVD restores to reality the memory I have of this film as a child sitting in a dark theater.  As for the extras, the documentary is one that has gotten periodic play on PBS. Still, it's worth seeing again just to watch the complexity of the project. The effort needed to create this production was immense. Of course, the end result is breathtaking -- all the more reason to see the documentary and let you mind be boggled.  The deleted scenes are a hoot (especially the &quot;original&quot; language workprint), though the transfer is poor due to the state of the original film.  If you are a friend of the fantasy genre, you need to own this on DVD.
B00004TH83|5.0|I had never seen, heard or heard of Lara Fabian, until late one night I saw a TV commercial for her CD.  She sang all of 10 seconds, and I almost passed out.  The next day I went out and bought it first thing.  It has yet to leave my CD player.  For someone who considers herself &quot;a songwriter with a voice&quot; and not a DIVA, she has the most remarkable instrument to come along in recent memory.  If you like singers, you will be in awe of Lara Fabian.  The comparisons between her and Celine Dion will abound (Personally I find Celine horribly annoying) but Lara's control, musicality, and amazing resonance blow Celine away. For example at the end of &quot;To Love Again (Si Tu M'Aimes)&quot; the overtone series  (a musical phenomenon that happens when there is a perfect marriage of pitch and resonance causing notes to produce additional notes which produce additional notes, and so on...) rings so loudly that you can't tell which note she's actually singing. This sort of phenomenon is practically NEVER heard on a recording, let alone by a pop singer, one would be more likely to hear it at the opera house.  Her skills as a songwriter are sure to only get better, and pared with some of the best producers in the business; Patrick Leonard (Madonna), Walter Afanasieff (Mariah Carey, Luther Vandross), Mark Taylor (Cher), she gives us a CD that only gets better with every listen.  My personal favorite tracks are &quot;Broken Vow&quot; a wonderful combination of honest emotion, simple vocals, and melody; &quot;You're Not From Here&quot; a hauntingly beautiful song; the club hit &quot;I Will Love Again&quot;; and the UNBELIEVEABLE &quot;Adagio&quot; which she sings in English AND Italian.  Tommy Mottola made a great decision when signing her. This is a must for anyone who loves great singers and great songs. Just think, this is only her FIRST english album!! WOW!
B000001GQC|5.0|Chicago Symphony, Claudio Abbado, and Prokofiev could there be a nicer mix? Anyways the Chicago Sympony along with Abbado were well up to the task of playing all this music. I especially liked the lyrical trumpet solo opening up Lt. Kije, and the string solos in the middle movement. The LSO also was in the act with Alexander Nevsky. Its hard to believe that Alexander Nevsky is a film score. John Williams needs to take some notes. This is a powerful score. Overal this disc is really good. It features awesone playing and good music. If you never heard Prokofiev this is a good place to start.
B00000IBRI|5.0|Dario Argento has again pulled out all the stops to create a most effective horror film.  His style should be known by now and again his use of camera shots and colours are quite effective in this film.  A daughter of a popular movie star is the protagonist in this film as she can see visions and control insects to solve, yet again, like David Hemmings in Deep Red, a series of brutal killings in Switzerland.  Donald Pleasance adds the contemporary English prescence as does Jessica Connelly as the American student plagued with sleep walking disorders and out of control telekinetic powers, hence that this movie was directed at American audiences.  Again, Dario Argento presents to us a situation out of control and tries to show how those who are involved in them try to cope with them.  In this case &lt;I cannot reveal all&gt; a murderer is loose trying to cover up the crimes of a supposed pyschopath.  Only Dario Argento can use lighting and wind effects to show a mood and he does this so well while conveying a story. This is a very moody film, a bit dark in places, but again that sets the tone for the mind of the killer.  Jessica uses her telekinesis to full effect to find a brutal murderer and succeeds in spades, up to and almost including her own life.  The characters are a bit woody in places, as they really are just props in this film, but the overall affect is pure horror and a showcase for more grisly death scenes.  The ending of this is really a shocker and for those who do not know this, Jessica Connelly REALLY DID swim in a pool of live maggots in this film. The use of insects and a primate also keep us aware that others outside of us can sense things too, a very clever aspect to use. This film is rarely talked about or seen, but thanks to DVD and today's accessability, it will be and it's more than worth a view.
B00004YA66|5.0|I am 14 years old, and I may be a little young for a movie critic.  But take my word for it, Frequency is one of the best movies I've ever seen!  I saw it in a hotel in Phlidelphia, when my parents and sister had nothing really to do.  So we ordered this movie for $9.99.  But, whoa, this movie is worth far more than 10 bucks!  It's a brilliant time-warp adventure, a powerful love story, and a gripping thriller--all in one movie.  Wild, intricate, powerful, and amazing!  Frequency is a masterpiece.  Buy it immediately!
6305546789|5.0|First there was Psycho, how ironic since Jamie Lee Curtis' mother was the female lead in that, then, there is this.  Shot on location on a very limited time frame and budget, a classic is born.  John Carpenter has created the ultimate in sheer terror.  Things that go bump in the night really do and if you are not prepared for this you are....well, bumped off. Poor Laurie Strode is cursed from birth with her namesake and is the target in this horrific thriller.  Her dear demented brother makes sure this season is to be her last.  The camera shots of the slice of life make this even more terrifying as the stalker aimlessly kills anyone in his goal. Reputetdly shot in 10 days, this film has grossed over ten million dollars.  The plot is simple, but the effect is horrifying.  A mad killer is on the loose, we see through his eyes not only what he sees but what he senses, a very effective measure at best. The mask, it's said was one of William Shatner gone bad.  The rest is histoury. Originally titled &quot;The Babysitter Murders&quot;, this film has landmarked itself unto the hall of horror fame.  Rightfully so, the camera angles are just right, the sense of terror is throughout the film, and the dark overall mood is perfect, even if we can forgive the license plates that bear California all over them and the late sunset...we are in Illinois you see. It is not wise to critique a classic, and for the sequels, let's just say no.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Three years were spent into making this.  They were not wasted!  This is simply the best animated film I've ever seen.  I'm 14 years old, for those of you who don't already know, but this movie is one I'm not too young to review.  The animation is spectacular; the Great Forest Spirit changing into the nightwalker is simply not to be believed!  Everything is amazing.  Princes Mononoke is gloroius, glamorous, and invigorating.<br />Rated PG-13 for some intense sequences of animated violence and gore.  Decapitations and mutilations are indeed present--maybe it should be pushed to an R.  It may look like any kid's cartoon, but it's longer, bloodier, and a MILLION times better!
B00004ZAV3|4.0|Before anyone shrugs this off as redundant, remember that each of these songs was mixed for all different formats (single, LPs, EPs, etc.). If this is just a slap-together of the same album mixes available on the CDs, that's redundant. I'd prefer different mixes that were never released on CD before. But as it is, buy it for any relative you have under the age of 12 for Christmas. Then the kids won't be rifling through your CDs and getting 'em all sticky.
B00004YMVC|4.0|A &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; collection this is not, rather a curious mixture of selected older material, rarities and a few newer, hitherto unreleased tracks.  It all bears testament to how well Sylvian's music has stood up over time, as a common thread of subdued vocal accompaniment to eclectic and lush musical exploration runs back over a twenty year history.  Perhaps the &quot;First Day&quot; era songs with Robert Fripp jar a little with the overall mood due to their guitar-driven agression, but they are only a minor distraction.  A reasonably priced artefact for Sylvian's devotees and a superb introduction for those unfamiliar with the man's work.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|This soundtrack is a brilliant work - regardless of the movie and whatever &quot;hype&quot; you may have heard - this is Bjork at her best.  Progressive tracks that both make you want to get out of your chair and others that are consumed with her offbeat way of making you want to cry.  &quot;In the Musicals&quot; is an incredible piece along with &quot;107 Steps&quot;.  If you want to simply enjoy Bjork's next step in her musical journey-buy this CD.
B00004YW6I|3.0|while there are definitely a couple outstanding songs on this cd, this cd as a whole is not particularly interesting. i cant believe that there was a time when PJ Harvey was my favorite musician and now i have just listened to her new cd and feel completely apathetic. yeah yeah she has developed her sound. modern day patti smith?...maybe. not really. she used to have a cutting edge, sound but while i can understand how fans might think this is a great cd it really is not relevant to current music. what i am getting at is that it sounds almost annoyingly grungy at times. even this desire? was more interesting than this, at least she was experimenting with new sounds. having a &quot;mature&quot; sound isnt always a good thing. the glossy pictures in the cd booklet, however, are very pretty. they look like they're straight out of jane magazine. too bad it doesn't make up for a boring cd.
0062502182|5.0|The Alchemist book is a interesting book about a fable presenting the pleasures and challenges of human life, It teaches us the possibilities of rewards and risks in a few stories with the essential wisdom of listening to our heart, and learning to read the omens scattered along life's path. Above all, it teaches us to follow our dreams and not forget God is always in our hearts.<br />    The value system of today's society is more liberal and selfish. For example, people are more involved in their own lives that they don't allow enough time for a spiritual life to dedicate time to help others. Some times people don't enjoy their family. Now there are more pressures in their daily lives.  I hope that every one who had the opportunity of reading the Alchemist book will reflect on life and what's around this world.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Christina has really matured as an artist, actually, if you really hear this album properly. Her vocals have improved to the standard &quot;out of this world&quot; and she has put a more R&amp;B edge to quite a few songs on this album! Her spanish album, Mi Reflejo, is equally as good and I cannot wait what Christina will bring us in her next follow-up to her debut album
B000001FKY|5.0|Possibly the best album yet, everything the 80's were. The songs are very upbeat and meaningful. A classic rock album, that is the epitome of it's time. A great album to party with on New Years and the other 364 days!
B00004X01U|5.0|Madonna was never a follower and never will be. She is a trend-setter. This album, if you listen to it properly, you will know exactly what I mean in the coming weeks. Soon, you'll be hearing teeny-boppers trying to follow in the steps of the diva herself, Madonna Louise Veronica Ciccone. Believe me, this album is worth buying and listening to.
B00000JGEF|5.0|Predator, directed by Die Hard's John McTiernan, is a masterpiece of the action-horror, sci-fi genre and arguably Arnold Schwarzenegger's best film, the film that showcase's Arnold's action skills and Mr. Oylmpia physique. As the leader of a squad of elite commandoes, sent into the deep jungles of Mexico to carry out an unclear mission(We know eventually of course it is the discovery of the predator not mercenaries that is the real secret) and they are an efficient, colorful bunch. They all compliment Arnold's Dutch and they soon realize that, not only do they have to operate in an almost impossibly oppressive jungle but they start getting picked off one by one gruesomely by an unknown force. Most of the squad see the predator too late or give up at its almost immortal fighting power.The cinematography is superb. I've never seen the jungle photographed in any movie better than Predator and the way the director uses it for the dense hunting ground for this malevolent creature. And what a creature! Stan Winston, the creature's designer,has outdone himself and created one of the most awesome aliens in sci-fi history. The action is fast, furious and bloody. There seems no escaping this predator unless, like Dutch, you become as savage as he is, and even then, only by luck survive to be saved by a chopper.The special effects are astounding and with all the computer enhanced effects today, predator walks away with some of the most orginal special effects is history, appropriate to the story, the jungle, and the action, with ultraviolet filters and the predator recording all the human dialogue and then echoed at another point in the movie. A classic, that any action lover should own and re-watch for years. I think it was under rated at the time and after seeing it again for at least the tenth time, I'm sure it will last and is a classic and Arnold will never do anything better. Highly recommended but not for the very young; it might be a little too vilolent for the very young and a little too intense. For Predator, intensity is its middle name and John McTiernan continues his run of first class action flims.
0141301074|3.0|I liked the part where Mrs. Twit gets the shrinks. She goes crazy. Mr.Twit is exactly like his wife, instead of the shrinks, he gets wormed. Mrs. Twit plays a trick on him and put worms in his spaghetti. I would recommend this book because it is very crazy and funny.
B000002LRX|5.0|This is the most amazing Faith No More album.  Mike Patton shows the power of his voice by rapping, screaming, and singing in many different styles.  Not only are the vocals anything less then extrodinary, the guitar riffs and bass lines are amazing.  And the drummer, Mike Bordin is very good as well.  He's drummed with the likes of Korn, and the legandary Ozzy.  One of my favorite aspects in the band, is definately the idea of having a keyboard in a heavy metal/hard rock band (it's kind of hard to label them a single type of music.)  If you truly want to experience a great album, buy Angel Dust.  It is a breathtaking, landmark album.
0141301074|4.0|I read the book The Twits by Roald Dahl. I think you should read this book if you have a lot of time to read. It's 76 pages long and I read it in two days. If you like funny books you should read this book because it's filled with loads of laughs. I liked it a lot except that in my opinion I think it's too short. If you like Roald Dahl's books, you'll like this one, too. It alost gives good ideas for picking on your older or younger brother or sister.
630469654X|4.0|An excellent telling of the classic tale of star-crossed love.  Rutger Hauer is excellent in his very subtle performance as Etienne Navarre, the once and future Captain of the Guard.  He is a man haunted and driven, but stoic beyond words.  Mathew Broderick is delightful as Phillip Gaston, 'The Mouse' who finds himself caught up in the web of mystery that surrounds Navarre.  Personally, I always found Michelle Pfeiffer's performance a little flat and unbelievable, but it may just be my preference.<br />The downside of this movie is that the soundtrack is horrid, there is no attention to any type of historical context (Where are they?  When are they?  Where did they get that horrid armor?) but it doesn't seem to matter much.<br />The upside is it is a wonderful tale, and has some of the best sword fighting ever.  As a professional stunt performer, swordfight choreographer, and a fencing coach, I must say that the battle between Navarre and Marquet in the cathedral at the end of the film is about the best I have ever seen, in terms of realism, as well as appropriateness to the characters and plot.  These two -hate- each other, and they fight tooth, fang, and claw knowing only one will survive.  This is not the `pretty' sword fighting of Princess Bride, but the gritty reality of edged combat.  Add in the element of them battling on horseback on the stone floor of the cathedral, and this is truly an amazing fight.<br />If you like films such as Highlander or Excalibur, you will like this film.  If you are really into this movie, check out the book, as the ending is different, and far more poignant...
B00000K19E|5.0|When I bought my DVD player, one of the features I liked was the ability to jump right to my favorite scene. The first time I poped in the Matrix dvd, I went to the scene selection menu, I then realized something, I had no favorite scenes. The Matrix is one giant favorite scene.  There are no low points, or slow points, it grabs you right away, and keeps you interested until the final scene. This film redefines movie making. The effects are so seamless you don't even realize they are there. The real star of the film is the dynamic multi level story. It is such a breath of fresh air to see an original idea in film for a change. Bye this movie, and it will never leave your DVD player.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I'll be honest I never heard of Dido before until I picked up the new Enminem CD and heard Stan.  Then I heard her hook and was kind of Intrigued by her.  I then went to Napster and checked out a few of her songs and within a few days I brought the cd.  Her voice is great she remainds me of a Sarah McLaughlin and an Alanis Morrissette (without the rage).  She has a voice that justs makes you sit back and relax and just &quot;chill&quot;.  Her lyrics are strong but not too overdone.  I really liked the songs: 1. Here With Me; 3. Don't Think Of Me; 6. Thank you; 8. Slide; 9. Isobel; 10. I'm No Angel; 12. Take My Hand.  Although overall I liked them all.<br />I would rate it a five but I think it's just a tad short on that.  I'll admit I am not a big fan of these types of acts but she has a great voice and her songs are very melodic.  I think you weill be very happy with this cd if you like artists such as McLaughlin, and Paula Cole.<br />This little angel takes home a 4 out of 5, not bad!
B000002504|4.0|This is one of the best GG albums. But my advice - try to find a european release (e.g. German). Why ? This is NOT the original cover ! The original is done by no-one but Roger Dean ! Remember Uriah Heep's covers of their halcyon days, or YES covers, or ASIA ? Very beautiful octopus should have been. The same refers to THREE FRIENDS album. The american release simply repeats the cover of GG first album but this is not the original drawing. Thank Gog the sequence of tracks remain intact.
B00004XONN|2.0|I heard this album for the first time sitting in a gym at college in between acts of a really good show. I didn't know it was radiohead. I remember thinking &quot;I wish they would turn this off and the next band would start.&quot; That is pretty sad, and I have a feeling that if others of you had first been exposed to this album this way, you wouldn't like it... because you wouldn't be obligated to like it just because it is radiohead. I have loved this band with all my heart and soul for years. And at the time of The Bends, they were the greatest rock band in the world, but they have just plain lost their claim to that title. OK Computer had some beautiful moments, heartwrenching,emotional songs, but I can't even find anything human on Kid A. There is nothing with the raw, affectual power of &quot;Lurgee&quot; or &quot;Sulk&quot; of days of yore. So, don't buy this album, you'll just be buying into the big joke that is the radiohead of today.
0141301066|3.0|I read the book Matilda. It`s about a six year old girl who lives with her mean bossy parents. Her dad sells old broken cars and her mom plays bingo during the week. She finds out she has powers to move things with her eyes. She uses them to defeat her mean principal Miss Trunchbull who will do anything to get rid of kids.  I liked the book because it is about a girl with strong powers. I like Miss Trunchbull because she tortures kids if they can`t do something right. I hope you read and enjoy this book by Roald Dahl.
B00004YW6I|5.0|I never thought music could be like this.  I've always been a fan of hard, crunching music; rage-filled and a little scary.  One day at work, I came upon a hyperlink pointing to a &quot;PJ Harvey Online Listening Party&quot;.  Who was this PJ Harvey?  I vaguely remembered a suggestion from Tool/A Perfect Circle's frontman, Maynard James Keenan, recommending that people everywhere go out and buy 'good music' and siting PJ's albums as a prime example.  Well, MJK, you were right on!  I've never heard anything so emotionally dynamic and ear-pleasing!  I find myself actually relating to Ms. Harvey's themes, whatever they may be.  Her emotive vocals coupled with a truly excellent melodic background make for an incredible musical experience!  I whole-heartedly recommend this album to anyone and everyone!
B00000DFRS|5.0|moving.  It makes you wonder what her feelings were when she recorded that one. The  Lyrics are words that every woman feels when she finally realizes she no longer loves the man who she thought she loved.  she ususally feels the way whitney sang when she meets another man and the current one finally realizes she no longer can be reached... through her heart
0449911357|5.0|This book deserves all five stars; it affects you in so many wonderful ways.  Making your tears run through some very saddening parts, or making you belly ache from the sense of humor of the book.  It shows you how with strength and spirit anyone can prevail over all sorts of evil elements.  How when what you are doing is not the accepted and the correct thing to do at the time, if you stick with your guts anything can happen!  This book shows how not only love is a part of relationship but also the friendship part.  The characters come alive and one cannot put down this book.  I was very problematical at first, I never thought the book,&quot;Fried Green Tomatoes At The Whistle Stop Caf&quot; would be good by any means. However my first assumption was shot down once I started this novel.  I recommend this for any one especially if you think goals and aspirations are impossible they are not.  Your spirits will rise and you will feel much better after reading this novel.   Also if you are the kind of reader who just reads books just to read and not enjoy.  You will find not only do you learn something about the 1920's but that you will enjoy reading about it too!
0140288503|5.0|I read this book over memorial day weekend, so perhaps that holiday influenced my view of the novel.   However, having only heard media reports of U.S. engagement in Somalia, this book was not only an eye-opener, but a truly heroic story of men at war.  The simple fact that these men perservered through the situtation they were stuck in is a testament to their bravery and commitment.   There is no way for me to correctly describe the skill Mr. Bowden uses to write this book, to bring all the charachters to life and to make the reader feel like he/she is on the streets of Mogadishu with the soldiers.  If you want to lose yourself in a book for a good long time, buy this.  Buy it now.
0374384576|4.0|I thought The Witchs was a great book! It was very exciting every time the boy tried to stop the witches. Some parts are very funny like when the grandma dances around waving her cane in the air. I think most of his books are good but this one is great! I strongly suggest you read it too!
0552131067|5.0|No, not THAT first time! My first time at visiting the hilarious, wild, thought provoking and wonderful Discworld. Since this book I have read all but the most recent of Terry's Discworld series and with a couple of rare exceptions (Intreresting Times being one) they are truly the pepperoni slices on the pizza of literature! Mort will forever remain my favorite, closely followed by Guards, Guards, as we follow the misadventures of Mort in his apprenticship to DEATH (just having DEATH 'speak' in capitals is funny). And who knew that HE liked the odd curry and hated people who were cruel to cats. No series of books has made me laugh out loud so much, and NO humorous book has made me care about its characters to such an extent that the climatic fight leaves me not wanting to read on, but having to! Science Fiction, Fantasy call it what you will. Me, I call it a great book and a great read.
B000002UAR|5.0|I really don't want to get into a slanging match, but I have to take issue with Ross Smith (30.10.00). I agree with him that George is the most insightful of the Beatles (ABOUT the Beatles, anyway) but here is a quote from George himself:<br />&quot;Taxman was when I first realised that even though we had started earning money, we were actually giving most of it away in taxes.  It was and still is typical.&quot; (1980)<br />Now, try telling &quot;Everyman&quot; that the rich shouldn't pay plenty in tax.
0553106635|5.0|I throw myself at George R. R. Martin's feet. I'll shine his shoes, lick his boots, do ANYTHING, because GRRM is god, as he has proven with this third installment in A Song of Ice and Fire.<br />The story picks up right where A Clash of King left off, and the nearly 1000 page volume continues at breakneck speed. The plot twists and turns in surprising and unexpected ways (and that's saying a lot, coming from me -- I spent two years trying to predict what would happen), yet the story is always logical, realistic, and tightly-woven. There are no contrived plot devices here, and for once all the characters remain consistent.<br />And there are MANY characters. A Storm of Swords contains more POVs than ever, but Martin does a brilliant job of weaving the various plots together, so the &quot;waiting&quot; feeling present in so many fantasy volumes is pretty much non-existent. You're never reluctant to start a new chapter. Readers will delight in the new POVs, particularly Jaime Lannister's, and several new and fascinating characters are introduced, including notables such as the Queen of Thorns, King-Beyond-the-Wall Mance Rayder, and the notorious Red Viper of Dorne.<br />Martin's writing is as vivid and refreshing as in his previous novels. His style seems even sharper and is well-suited to the the tone of the series; ASOS is a string of incredibly poignant and exciting scenes. Martin's world comes to live before your eyes. And his characters are incredibly human; it's often impossible to tell whose a villian and whose a protagonist. <br />Be forewarned, however: A Storm of Swords (and A Song of Ice and Fire in whole, for that matter) is not for the light-hearted or feeble-minded. The book is grim and gritty and chock full of deaths and tragedy, and after finishing it you'll probably walk around depressed for days. At times, you may even be tempted to stop reading altogether, but continue on. There are high points as well, and things WILL get better, right? After all, the last book IS titled A Time for Wolves. . .<br />But in short, A Storm of Swords is genius. It would've been a masterpiece as a stand-alone book (though DON'T read it before you've read AGOT and ACOK; you'll be hopelessly confused), but as the follow-up to the previous novels it is simply beyond belief. Martin does an incredible job of defying expectations and smashing the typical fantasy cliches. It just doesn't get any better than this. <br />Bad points? A Dance With Dragons isn't out yet. Waiting is pure agony. And of course, all other fantasy pales in comparison, so you'll be hard-pressed to find a decent novel after reading this.
B00004T37H|1.0|For the love of god do not buy this movie.  I cannot stress that point well enough.  While I understand how the fantasy elements may have wooed other reviewers, for me, this movie ended my fascination with Japanime.  From the mindless plot to the super-environmentalist charachters this movie is a dud all the way through.  If you rent or buy Japanime looking for action and violence, (things that I am sure many people think of when they hear &quot;Japanime&quot;) not a sappy plot and some of the most insipid ideas ever, you should stay away from this movie.  But, if you're looking for something that really is that laden with mystique and faeries and other annoying pieces of fantasy lore, buy this movie.  So, let's recap shall we?  If you like action, like me, this is the most God-Awful creation ever to find its way into your VCR.  If you like fantasy, i'm sure you'll love this.  Just a warning.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|In general, it's always nice to have a new Beatles album on the shelves. This re-issue is yet another reminder of how amazing these guys really were and how the music always remains fresh. Frankly, any new configuration of their tunes is welcome in my CD player. It will be sad day when there are no new Beatles albums no matter what the content, don't you think? Let's be grateful for what we've got.
0140185232|5.0|I hardly know where to begin with this review...this book touched me at a very deep level.  By pursuing Larry's quest for meaning with such gentleness stiffened with a razor sharp edge, Maugham kept me reading this book late into the night.  The characters are slyly and completely drawn in a way the highlights both their beautiful character strengths as well as the horrible depths that each of us is capable of sinking into.  Read this book, it may change your life as it has mine.
B00003W8NM|4.0|I'd heard the hype over this film, yet never really know what I was getting into.  I knew there would be violence (I mean, look at the name!)  And I knew I really loved Edward Norton.<br /><br />I was by no means interrupted.  Watching as this man (played by Norton) tried to find meaning in groups of people, at times getting more and more wacky.  Eventually, by meeting Tyler Durden (Pitt), he joins the Club that gives him the best sense of belonging.  A club of men who fight, who are insanely violent to one another, who are bound together by an oath, yet secret as they are, they become incredibly popular.  They become an organized group of men who are closer than a military unit, with initiation rituals that would drive some people insane.<br />Durden proposes an evangelical nihilism and wants to spread it everywhere.  Meaning is only what you give it, no matter if it is completely violent and acts against your own conscience.  And this is the purpose ofd fighting for its own sake.<br /><br />Make no mistake, this movie is dark, violent and disturbing.  Yet is seems to appeal in some way to our desire to ask questions about how one gives meaning to themselves or to anything of which they are a member.  What makes us feel alive?  Do the means to feel this way justify that end?<br />In opposition to American Beauty - a film that also espouses a kind of nihilistic tendency - this film is open and honest, brutally honest, in telling you where such a belief could very well take you.  One can believe that Durden is a realistic character.<br />Then there is the twist near the ending.  I won't give it away.  In some ways I liked it because it was as shocking, or even more so, than the ending to The Sixth Sense.  And I like to be shocked.  It turned the movie completely around.  On the other hand I think what it did was take away from the honesty of where the nihilistic philosophy could take you, and instead puts it in the realm of insanity rather than reality.  And that was just a a bit of a cop out to me.  That is the only thing that kept me from giving this a full 5 stars.t was just a a bit of a cop out to me.  That is the only thing that kept me from giving this a full 5 stars.
B00000269M|5.0|By the time Michael Jackson's album titled Bad was released, there was enough scrutiny from the press against him, and it was just the beginning as we know what all the scrutiny lead to in 1993. With all this new speculation of him being a weird person around 1987, more attention was paid to him, than to his music. So much of this album was overlooked, a mistake on those who did so.<br />Bad became the second best selling album of all time, clocking at 37 million (close behind the #1 selling album of all time, 1982's Thriller at close to 50 million). The album spawned many many hit singles such as the title track, The Way You Make Me Feel, Liberian Girl, Man In The Mirror, I Just Cant Stop Loving You, Dirty Diana and Smooth Criminal. The CD version of Bad contains an extra track titled Leave Me Alone, a message for the press. Quincy Jones and Michael worked their magic again with this album, it is so easy to listen to and dance along with the music.<br />Forget what the press said, because truly in his music is the message, and the music is all that matters.
B000002KE2|5.0|It's a tough call, rating early Sabbath.  Many will argue that Sabbath Bloody Sabbath and Sabotage are the best from the Grandfathers of Metal, and with good reason.  But to me, Vol. 4, like their first album (Black Sabbath), paved the way for heavy music in the years to come.  Arguably, only the mighty Zeppelin had as much influence on popular music at this point in time.  Songs like &quot;Wheels of Confusion,&quot; &quot;Supernaut,&quot; &quot;Snowblind&quot; and &quot;St. Vitus Dance&quot; proved that Sabbath were drawing from a new well of ideas.  And though the production on Vol. 4 sounds fairly low-fi, even this adds to the neo-mystical aura which the band wrapped itself in.  No one who covets heavy music should be without this disc.
1879557541|4.0|If you don't expect any book to be completely without mistakes, and you don't feel any book you buy must be the be-all-end-all on a subject, you will certainly enjoy Guns, Germs, and Steel.  I found it fascinating to learn the details of the accidental domestication of crops (e.g. how poison wild almonds became delicious edible almonds); about the &quot;big 14&quot; -- the few ancient animals that were suitable for domestication, and why so many other species were not suitable; about diseases from the microbes' point of view; and so on.<br />I had heard the basics before, but the details in this book and the way they are presented make it worth the purchase price.  (I got the audiobook version from the library, but plan to buy the softcover).  The reader isn't bad.  Although his intonation can be strange at times, he has the ideal voice for lengthy works (11 x 90 min) -- low pitched, unhurried and not overly dramatic.<br />Who cares whether or not this book is too politically correct?  Don't be discouraged by a top 1000 reviewer.  This book is not perfect, but it is rich in information and ideas, and I really enjoyed hearing it.
078401213X|4.0|PI is one of the most original movies I have seen in years, proving once again that you don't need a big budget to make a great film.  At the same time, this movie probably is not for everyone; don't watch it in the dark when you're depressed.  Or maybe you should: you may relate to it even more.<br />Delving into arcane knowledge of math, the Jewish cabal and the meaning of numbers, this movie makes you wonder.  What is reality?  What brings everything together?  Is there something hidden, the name of God imprinted somewhere deep inside of imbalanced genius.  Adding to it a group of people from some strange corporation who desire this knowledge and also a group of Jewish mystics who chase this poor genius of a man, the film takes on an unreal, yet believable quality.<br />With a great score, haunting acting and wild hallucinogenic images, the movie is a wild ride of a mystic thriller.
6300248569|5.0|I have seen other versions of P&amp;P, but this is my all-time favorite. I grant that the company which produced it was obviously working with limited resources, but the superb casting and acting more than make up for it. Now, when I re-read P&amp;P it is these actors I see. This Lizzie captures brilliantly the spark and spunk of Jane Austin's heroine and plays her role with real fire and charm. Father's sarcasm has just the right bite without being poisonous. The production's Mr Collins is wonderfully funny as the greatest bore in English literature. He is every girl's blind date from Hell, the nice guy who is, well, so creepy he makes your skin crawl, but because he obviously means well you feel guilty for wanting to, say, feign death or demonic possession to escape his attentions. Being Lizzy in this little world would be Heaven, provided you had perfect health and indoor plumbing.
B00004ZD69|5.0|I just saw GYBE live. It was one of the most intense concerts I've been to in a long, long time. I heard the new songs then, and have since been listening to them on this double CD which I picked up at the show. Their other albums are very good, but this is the one that's got me doing backflips. Amazing stuff!
0553347845|5.0|Great book. I finished it in 2 days. Gives you a perception of what Feynman is like and a chance to have a glimpse of his life. Overall its a good book. 5 stars!
0425107469|5.0|I have read several Dean Koontz books, and am a very big fan.  Then I read Watchers; and became a HUGE fan.  I could not put it down. The book is so wonderfully written, you feel like you are right there with the characters.  I felt so many different emotions while reading this book: happiness, sadness, love, hate, &amp; sheer terror.  Mr. Koontz has outdone himself.  I love this book so much, I have read and re-read it over and over.  Just want to say THANKS Mr. Koontz, for the greatest horror novel ever written.!!!
B000002BFZ|5.0|After completely worshipping this record, I only hope that something greater IS possible, since Pearl Jam has achieved seemingly unreachable standards with this release. Incidentally, I joined BMG Music to buy a new copy of No Code becuase I wore out my first one by loving it completely.<br />&quot;Sometimes&quot; starts out the album; it is not a stand-out musically, but it earns five stars from me because it is the strangest song I've ever heard...which makes it beautiful! &quot;Hail, Hail&quot; is a favorite concert rave-up, but it's funky riffs and cryptic lyrics make it an especially sublime listening experience. &quot;Who You Are&quot;, the beautiful and contemplative third track was the so-called coffin nail of Pearl Jam's radio &quot;career&quot;; so-called &quot;fans&quot; who heard it on that fateful autumn day in 1996 stormed the stations with angry phone calls, complaining that it did not sound like &quot;Jeremy&quot;. Indeed. It is far more complex, more melodic, and makes me feel euphoric and downtrodden all at once. It is therapy. <br />Other great tracks (they all are; it's difficult to limit myself), include &quot;Smile&quot;, reminiscent of Neil Young's &quot;Hey Hey, My My&quot;, but with a pleasing pop hook and a charming chorus. &quot;Off He Goes&quot; is without a doubt, Pearl Jam's greatest song; it is a fairy tale ballad set off with beautiful liquid guitar ripples, and is even more amazing live. 'Mankind&quot; is a cheery number featuring 'Cready ripping it up on his Fender and Stoney taking the lead on vocals. It's great with beer. &quot;Red Mosquito&quot; is another McCready feature; his guitar sounds like a Led Zeppelin mosquito. &quot;Habit&quot; is an outstanding extended punk jam session showing Eddie's Sex Pistol inclinations. &quot;In My Tree&quot; takes one back to childhood optimism and hopscotch games...and ye fans o' Creed can note that the &quot;arms wide open&quot; motif is not a Scotty Crapp invention...it appears numerous times in &quot;In My Tree&quot;. &quot;Around the Bend&quot; is a beautiful closing lullaby; Eddie takes the listener in his arms with his sweet voice and reassures that everything will be alright. As one who has been known to say, &quot;I should be sending Eddie Vedder Father's Day cards,&quot; this number has special meaning to me.<br />No Code is not for everyone. If you wish that Pearl Jam still sounded as they did in their &quot;Jeremy&quot; days, have never heard &quot;Rival&quot; or &quot;In Hiding&quot;, or complain that &quot;Nothing As It Seems&quot; lacks a &quot;hook&quot;, you might want to try Live On Two Legs and get comfortable with &quot;Hail, Hail&quot;, &quot;Red Mosquito&quot;, and &quot;Off He Goes&quot; before jumping in. However, if their 4-12-00 performance of &quot;Greivance&quot; on Letterman had you back-slapping your buddies and enjoying a joint, if you've attended at least one concert and did not cry when they failed to play &quot;Alive&quot;, or if you jump every time you hear someone say &quot;Dead Man&quot;, this is a must-have.
B000006NXP|5.0|Carlos Kleiber shows his mastery in his approach to this symphony. Brahms' last symphony has always been my personal favorite and there is no better recording of it than this one. Kleiber knows exactly how to craft each phrase with the conception of the whole always firmly in mind. Never rushed, the Vienna Philharmonic is a delicately balanced machine throughout the entire performance. If only I could have been there in person.
0553274503|4.0|Daniel Keyes book deserves its classic status. It certainly makes one think about the nature of human intelligence and our response to those less fortunate than others. With regard to the structure of the novel it betrays its novelette origins with a feeling of padding in some places and, apart from Charlie, character development is at a premium. The most disappointing aspect of the book as far as I am concerned, however, is the rather cliched depiction of both science and scientists. How much better it would have been not to have felt the need to explain the biochemical processes leading to Charlie's transformation. Apart from the fact that they make no sense scientifically they detract fom the flow and mystery of the book. It would have been sufficient to allow the readers' minds to fill in the missing information. As for the scientists, all are quite clearly the villians of the piece. For much of the book they are referred to only by their surnames. Is this a subliminal attempt to distance the reader from these people or am I reading too much into it? Are all scientists as callous as the ones depicted here? Finally, the use of such terminology as 'moron' etc to describe Charlie is definitely not PC in todays terms. Does this reflect the terminology of the era the story was originally written in (the '50's) or is it an attempt by Mr. Keyes to further demonstrate the disregard the supposedly sane have for the mentally challenged. Despite these niggles, this is a book well worth reading. There can have been few better attempts at dealing with such a sensitive subject.
0064471047|5.0|This book is one of the best books I have ever read! It is full of adventure,and its exciting!I just finished up The Horse and his Boy. That is also an excellent book! I didn't ever read the Magicians Nephew because I never knew it was apart of the Chronicles of Narina series! But I bet the book was magnicifent, like all the others!!!
B000005H40|5.0|I am surprised that anyone can dislike a work of such haunting beauty.  It has Coltrane playing some cutting blues, it has Coltrane playing a ballad sensitively, it has the whole group swinging hard, the CD basically has everything.
B00004Y2FT|5.0|The album title aside, this is a must-have for any Cocteau fan, and a primer on one of the '80s most original and influential &quot;gloom and doom&quot; bands for those who are not yet fans.  A comprehensive collection spanning the height of the Cocteaus career, Stars and Topsoil gathers 18 slices of beauty and serves them up fresh (and chronologically to boot) for your listening pleasure.  Hearing the songs chronologically helps the listener to evolve with the Cocteaus, from the bass-heavy goth tune Blind Dumb Deaf (1982's Garlands), through the height of their &quot;swirly-girl&quot; beauty (Lorelei and Pandora from 1984's penultimate Treasure), to the last masterpiece from this one-of-a-kind band (1990's Iceblink Luck and Heaven or Las Vegas).  Although this cd doesn't contain any unreleased tracks or alternate versions (like last year's BBC Sessions), it still succeeds in celebrating the Cocteaus, and spares the listener any of the less-than-beautiful new age pap that scarred their final two studio albums Four Calendar Cafe and Milk and Kisses.  The Cocteau Twins and 4AD helped to build each other, and this collection represents both at their very finest.  The omission of Ivo or From The Flagstones aside, this is perfect listening for those cold stormy nights ahead in the upcoming months....
B00004YW6I|4.0|There are moments on PJ Harvey's new album Stories From The City, Stories From The Sea that have you convinced she just might have surpassed her classic from five years ago, To Bring You My Love. Unfortunately, that feeling doesn't last long enough, and the album periodically struggles to live up to the promise of its first three songs. That doesn't really take anything away from the album as a whole: it's very, very good, but you feel it could have been perfect if Harvey had dug her heels in a bit more.<br />Stories... gets off to a blazing, roaring start with 'Big Exit', 'Good Fortune', and 'A Place Called Home'. On these three spectacular songs, PJ Harvey reinvents her sound...replacing of the in-your-face, blues-infused power of her first three albums is a more controlled, laid-back, jangly, even glam-influenced sound that, while showing more vulnerability in Harvey's lyrics, still maintain the intensity of her trademark sound. In 'Big Exit' she sings, &quot;I walk on concrete/I walk on sand/but I can't find/a safe place to stand,&quot; while in 'Good Fortune' she mentions feeling &quot;the innocence of a child&quot; while sounding more like Patti Smith than she ever has before. 'A Place Called Home', despite its dark tones, possesses optimism in its repeated chorus &quot;one day there'll be a place for us.&quot;<br />After that, the album sags from time to time. 'One Line' and 'Beautiful Feeling', while they are decent songs, pale in comparison to the first three, and are a tremendous letdown. Later on, during 'Horses In My Dreams', the album once again comes to a complete halt during the slow, lugubrious five-and-a-half minute song.<br />However, the momentum is regained with 'The Whores Hustle And The Hustlers Whore', which is the PJ Harvey we've come to expect over the years, with its ferocious lyrics over snarling guitars: &quot;speak to me of heroin and speed/of genocide and suicide, of syphilis and greed.&quot; 'This Mess We're In' and 'You Said Something' are the tenderest songs on the album. The former is one of the album's true highlights, where Harvey hands the lead vocals to Radiohead's Thom Yorke, while she harmonizes in the background. For those used to Yorke's ambiguous, often incomprehensible singing on Kid A, 'This Mess' comes as both a complete shock and a nice surprise as he sings an up-front urban love song.'Kamikaze' and 'This Is Love' are a real delight as well, reverting back to the gritty sound of Harvey's early albums.<br />Things come to a smooth climax during 'We Float', the album's closer. Opening with an electronic drum beat and a repeating four-note piano riff, Harvey sings &quot;we wanted to find love/we wanted success/until nothing was enough/until my middle name was excess.&quot; It starts off as a dark song, a rumination on her and her partner's struggles, but then it becomes a song of redemption with the chorus 'but we'll float/take life as it comes', as the song, like the title, floats away.<br />The album was written both in New York City and at Harvey's home in Dorset, England (hence its title), and it's obvous what song was written where...perhaps too obvious at times. Harvey's relentless and overly-obvious NYC name-dropping of such places as Brooklyn, Chinatown, Little Italy, and the Empire State building, as well as more urban topics like guns and heroin, comes dangerously close to seeming as pretentious as a self-absorbed college student writing bad poetry while sitting in a Starbucks. In the past, PJ Harvey's music was never about subtlety, but on Stories... she makes great headway into more abstract lyricism, only not consistently enough over the course of the album.<br />Don't get me wrong, Stories... is one excellent album, but with three of its songs bogging it down, I was left with the feeling that it didn't quite live up to its potential. It's probably one of the best ten cd's of the year, but it could have been even better.
B00004Z459|5.0|If you decide to purchase this album, you will not be disappointed.  Linkin Park has incredible talent close to or exceeding that of the giant Limp Bizkit.  The lyrics are full of heart and scream right at you.  12 bucks is well worth it.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|After hearing \\"Only One\\" I knew Slipknot would be my new favorite band.  When I heard finished listening to the entire album I was speechless.  This album starts out tough and goes smoothly from start to finish without a single bad song.  No other band even compares to Slipknot's style of music.  They are the perfect band of nine members who create super fast drumming, exceptional guitar and with truly awesome vocals.  The lyrics are deep and hard, and the Corey's voice is astonishing, he can switch from Screaming to singing in fractions of a second.  This band is definitely original and the sound they bring out makes you want to go truly nuts.
0520215850|5.0|I read the 'Romance of the Three Kingdoms' for the first time in 1992. I never finished it because the books were so thick. This condensed version is wonderful, because you can read the important sections in the book and finish the book in no time. The translation is also very clear and fluid. It is a pleasure to read this book. <br />On the content, the book outlines the story of the three warring kingdoms at the end of the Han dynasty (about 200 AD). The hero of the novel is Liu Bei, the leader of one of the three kingdoms. The novel is imbued with various elements, such as: heroism, loyalty, history, combat strategies and tactics (which you will marvel on), good (justice) versus evil (tyranny), and even romance. It is an amazing book, which is a must read for all businessmen in the Asian region. <br />The book also include the editor's commentaries at the end that include a discussion on the authenticity and sources of the novel.
0385474547|2.0|Things Fall Apart is an interesting book, but I would not call it ground-breaking or legendary.  While it gives a very interesting account of an African culture made obsolete after the appearance of Christian missionaries, it is hard to sympathize with Okonkwo, who cannot adjust to a culture that does not involve murdering twin newborns.  Perhaps Achebe's flaw is his truthfulness; his brutal honesty in describing the culture led me to see Christianity's arrival in that land as a blessing.
B00004XONN|5.0|Reviews of Kid A are almost as interesting as the work itself.  It's detractors complain that it's &quot;not like the old Radiohead&quot; and, at the same time, that it's &quot;derivative.&quot;  I listen to the cd and say &quot;So?&quot; and &quot;Derivative of what?&quot;  Tell me what song National Anthem was derived from?!  This cd sounds like nothing else.  As wide open as music has become, not very many bands are courageous enough to reach beyond their successful past.  Radiohead has.  And they found the future of music.  Apparently, you are going to love it, or hate it.  As for me, I love it!
6305718903|1.0|If this movie has one decent redeeming quality it has to be when it's finally over.This movie scores a perfect 10 on the hoky-meter.What in the world.Some girl who doesnt even beleive in God develops stigmata!?!?!?!How is that possible.It contradicts everything about stigmata.The woman in the movie is sort of stupid, and you dont feel sorry for her.And then you have the pastor.And of course since stigamta never and cant happen to someone who doesnt beleive in God, he doesnt know whats up, so the only conflict there is the fact teh girl i think likes him and he cant mess around with her because hes catholic.Is it even scary????Ive seen elton john concerts scarrier than this!(bad example but my point is none the less well seen) Dramatic????Ive seen better story line personified in cheap talk shows!!!!If you want this kind of fun, drive your car into a lake.Avoid this movie like you would the plague.
B00004ZDOQ|1.0|I just think that limp bizkit and all other &quot;MTV bands&quot; have sunk to a new low.  I realize that in order to sell records and make money you need to advertise but embracing ***** pop culture is not the way to do it.  Look at Phish.  It is one of the greates bands in my opinion and they have never sunk to the level of going on MTV.  I applaud all those artist who dont need pop culture to endorse them and can do fine on their own selling records through incredible concerts.ght it.  Unless you are looking for an expensive frisby or coaster, don't but this piece of junk.t Dog&quot; (which is btw not for your parents to hear). Songs like &quot;My Generation&quot; and &quot;Rollin (Air Raid Vehicle)&quot; are sure to please anybody that thought &quot;Nookie&quot; was Limp's best ever. Even the style of &quot;Rearranged&quot; appears in the hot new track &quot;My Way&quot;. But the huge surprise hit was the remix of Rollin, &quot;Rollin (Urban Assault Vehicle)&quot; which features Method Man, Redman, and DMX. This is just about one of the tightest rap songs I have ever heard. That song is what boosted this album up to five stars... it's just so ... tight. All in all, Significant Other is definitely their best, but it was a ten-star record. Chocolate Starfish is worthy of five stars (and it is better than 3 Dollar Bill) but it's not their best effort.
B000002LND|5.0|Immaculate Collection is one of the best Madonna albums ever. It was great to hear those songs from the 80s. I love &quot;Borderline&quot;,&quot;Like A Prayer&quot;,etc. It seems like yesterday when does songs came out.<br />I also think that this is a great album to dance to.
B00003CXFG|5.0|While Pitch Black certainly borrowed elements from other sci-fi critter flicks, it's delivery of those elements definitely sets it apart.  The acting was outstanding and incredibly believable, and certain little twists (pleasantly unexpected, I might add) in the plot kept everything fresh.  The character of Riddick (played superbly by Vin Diesel) defintely stole the show, but not so much as to overshadow the rest of the cast.  I've watched it several times, and everytime I like it just a little bit more.  I highly recommend this movie, which isn't something I usually do with critter flicks.  Check it out.  I think you'll be surprised.
6301208773|5.0|When this movie first came out, it was the one who redefined the word &quot;blockbuster&quot; for the 80's movies.  Willis was shot to stardom after this action-packed turn that allowed him to use his trademark smirk and cocky attitude to the fullest extent.  Some of the greatest action sequences on film are in this movie (including the infamous &quot;jump from the roof with a firehouse around him&quot; shot that you see in all the trailers for it).  You will watch this again and again, as all characters are fairly solid, and Rickman's villian is absolutely the most suave bad guy you'll ever see.  The second one was as good as this one, but the third in the trilogy just went too far and lost the essence of the first two.
B00004YKUX|5.0|Johnny, thank you for this wonderful gift of music great work norman blake adds alot god bless
B00004T9UF|5.0|Thsi album is a change from his original CD 'The Slim Shady LP' it is more offensive and darker but I think it is just as good. I liked the 'The Slim Shady LP' and I also like  'The Marshall Mathers LP' just as much. Both have there own good qualities. 'Marshall Mathers' is more personal while 'Slim Shady' was funnier and more of a joke. You don't have to agree with Eminem's views and opinion to like this album. I don't but I think that Eminem is a very good rapper. Just remember this CD is not responsible for your or anyone else's action
B000005DSN|5.0|Simply my favorite stratovarius album so far,.the kiss of judas is an awesome track (a powerfull combination of rythm and melody),my version which I bought in Argentina has a bonus video of Kiss of judas for viewing on your pc,simply sublime. there isn't so much to say really this is a brilliant album,very powerfull and melodic,most of the tracks here have become some of the most popular Stratovarius songs of all time. you have fast ones,you have powerfull ones,ballads,and an instrumental track for your delight. trust me,you should check this one out,its excellent.
B000008H1R|5.0|As a life long Tull fan - this is my favorite album of theirs. It is their most straight ahead Rock album with just enough progressive mixture - a perfect reflection of the year 1970. <br />The album has a great mixture of songs, starting with the spacey flute mixed song \\"With You There to Help Me\\" to the hard rocking \\"To Cry You a Song\\" that has a fantastic funky keyboard solo by John Evan. Also has songs that showcase great acoustic work by Ian Anderson. Of course the radio friendly \\"Teacher\\" is always a trip to listen to.<br />Definitely Tull at an interesting time - right after they got their feet wet with their first two bluesy albums and before the progressive masterpieces Aqualung and Thick as a Brick.<br />If you are into Tull, you need this in your collection to make it complete.
6302648750|5.0|Meryl Streep and Goldie Hawn make a perfect comedic pair in this great comedy/fantasy from director Robert Zemeckis.<br />Streep plays Madeline Ashton, a has-been actress, who tries to re-invent herself as a musical star.  The hilarious opening sees Streep in a musical version of &quot;Sweet Bird Of Youth&quot; that has been titled 'Songbird'.  It is at the first (and last) performance of the show that Madeline's old friend (and enemy) Helen Sharp (Hawn) and her fiancee Ernest Menville (Bruce Willis) become re-acquaninted.  Madeline then proceeds to seduce Ernest and marries him herself.  Ernest is a plastic-surgeon and the idea of free face-work is irresistable to the shallow Madeline.<br />Ten years later, a new svelte Helen is having a book-signing party for the novel she has just published.  By this time Madeline has turned into the 4th Gabor, and is completely paranoid about her complexion and her age.  Madeline is completely unaware that the reason why Helen looks so God-damn fabulous is because she has a potion that will let her stay young forever.<br />A lovely 'young' enchantress Listl von Ruman (Isabella Rossellini) is the woman behind the potion, and Madeline will do anything to get it.......<br />This film is a delight, and features a great performance by Streep, who has mostly stuck to dramatic roles, and it is very refreshing to see her letting her hair down here.<br />Hawn is as wonderful as always, although the restrained performance of Willis is at times very annoying.
B00004Y6Q5|4.0|This score is remarkable. It was recomended to me by a friend and purchased blindly (though cautiously) and any fears I had were abandoned by the end of the first two and a half minutes of the &quot;Summer Overture&quot;.<br />Clint Mansell has managed to paint an unusual chromatic landscape of the human psyche with his music for &quot;RFAD&quot; and combined the long underestimated art of incidental music with daring, even risky, composition. One recalls the days when incidental music meant something (think Faure's &quot;Peleas et Melisende&quot; suite or Mendhelson's &quot;Midsummer Night's Dream&quot;.) This is not to compare Mansell's music to the grandfather of Impressionism and fairy-godfather of the Romantic movement, but there is something to be said for a score that stands on its own musically.<br />The fascinatingly sensuous comingling of electronic programing and strings (provided by the fabulous Kronos Quartet) are otherworldly. There is a strange sensual nature to the relationship between two seemingly conflicting forms - the organic nature of strings vs. cold electronic pontification - and one thinks to the ultimate example of such a feat: Bjork's &quot;Homogenic&quot;. <br />Like &quot;Homogenic&quot; the strings and programing work well together. Also like &quot;Homogenic&quot; the two forces aren't in harmony with each other. Rather, they seem to be battling each other in a vital strugle for survival, racing each other, stabbing at each other with every note. It is conflicting, difficult, and in the end beautiful. The feeling one gets from listening to this CD is similar to the way one feels after leaving one of Shakespeare's more gruesome tragedies (not to compare with the Bard, but for the sake of metaphor) : You have witnessed something dangerous, horrifying and graphic - and you have found such beautiful poetry laced through every second.<br />The strings sometime recall earlier (Peter Greenaway days) Michael Nyman or even (gasp) mellow PhillipGlass. That's not entirely a bad thing. But the influence is reasonably noticeable.<br />I'd say buy it. Hate me if you hate it. I don't give a rip.
B00003CXAT|4.0|Could have used a commentary track or two. You can tell when studios really are behind a title on DVD or not. Looks and sounds great though. Glad to have it on DVD although the more you watch it, the more Laura Dern, for all her acting ability and looks, gets annoying. I mean, did they purposely give her the worst lines in the film (i.e., the non-screaming lines, that is)?
0684853523|5.0|I recently purchased this book since I'm finally getting back into writing. I was really searching for some inspiration on writing and this one kicked my ****!<br />I couldn't put it down. Stephen King is in his truest form, blunt, funny and slightly warped (aren't we all?). I am definitely inspired and even sold some articles to a local magazine recently, now just to get to work on my novel.<br />King truly hits it on the head when it comes to writing. Forget the workshops and endless group therapy discussions. There's no secret mecca of writer's ideas, but King certainly gives you all the tools you'll need. To be a writer you HAVE TO  BE A READER and YOU HAVE TO WRITE. So, get back into reading with &quot;On Writing&quot; and get inspired.
0140185232|4.0|I think this was overall great book.  It was very enlightening and made the reader think about his life.  At times it gives the reader the painful truth about life, and it makes him a little depressed. One such instance is when Sophie says, \\"You know, the Commerce et la Marine.  When you go in there at night the corridors reek of [opium]. Sweet and acrid, you know they're smoking in their rooms, and it gives a nice homey feeling\\" (233).  This makes the reader stop and think about the ghettos and slums in your town.  It makes the reader realize drug abuse, and prostitution is going on in the world and makes it a little more real.  This book also covers the many moods of life.  It covers pain as shown on page 289 and 290 when Sophie is murdered.  It demonstrates the passion in life.  There are two major example of this, one is Larry's love for reading and knowledge, and the other is Isabel's love for Larry.  Larry's love for reading is shown at the beginning, \\"I was surprised to see Larry still immersed in his book\\"(38).  Isabel is in love with Larry the whole novel this is shown in this quote, \\"It's all very fine to say you don't want to make me miserable.  You are making me miserable.  You see, I love you\\" (50).  This was a very good novel and I would recommend it to anyone with questions on life.  The truth is no matter how much you love someone you can't make them love you. Also that it is foolish to think you can change someone.
B000003BE4|4.0|As far as the early stuff goes, this is tops. Satisfaction is one of the definitive rock songs of all time. The Last Time is just as good as Satisfaction, although far less famous. Brian Jones plays his best ever lead with a scorching riff. Play With Fire is short and simple but somehow powerful. The Under Assistant West Coast Promotion man is a funny and fun little tune that gives us just a hint of what a great lyricist Jagger would become. 7 of the 12 songs are Jagger/Richards tunes.<br />Back in 65, the Stones were really more of a blues band than anything else and The Spider and The Fly is about as bluesy as it gets. Good Times, Hike Hike and the other 3 covers are all great. The Stones really put so much emotion into those songs. The only problem I have with this album is that instead of recorded 3 albums in 65, they should have combined the best material from this and the later December's Children into one, even stronger album. Still, this is a great example of what the Stones were about in the early days and it gives a glimpse of what they were about to become.
B00004W55E|5.0|I felt it would be MORE than a crime, not to express my veiw of only the most DEVESTATINGLY TALENTED SONGTRESS since Aretha Franklin. This lady's talent is UNDOUBTLY HEAVEN-SENT. Obviously, the TRUE display of ARTISTRY has been LOOONG over due, so if you appreciate MUSIC, then &quot;INDIVIDUALITY (Can I Be Me?)&quot;, is the album for you. I only wish we could give 10 STARS, because frankly, 5 just isn't satisfactory!!!
B00004ZB9D|3.0|lenny kravitz has always been an artist who wears his influences on his sleeve. every single rock artist does this as well; the difference here is that it is still real obvious who he is emulating in whatever song, whether it's a led zeppelin riff from 'are you gonna go my way' and 'rock and roll is dead' or the stevie wonderisms and princeisms of 'i belong 2 u' and 'it ain't over...'. the point of musicians is that u need 2 transcend your influences, especially by the time a hits package comes out. granted, it's cool 2 hear him cause he still writes 'songs', something people have forgotten to do. but the lyrics are painfully obvious to figure out; the sentiments are cool, but...the best song on this cd is 'heaven help', which has also been covered by angie stone on her cd, 'black diamond'. this song is an example of how a pop song should work: straight up lyrics without being cheesy or amateurish, great melody. when i heard 'mr. cab driver' and 'let love rule' from the first album, they sound real unprofessional compared to anything afterwards. anyways, people who love him will love him regardless, but i always say to people 'listen to stevie wonder, prince, zeppelin, hendrix, etc. 2 hear how it's really done'. he makes all those artists safe for today's consumption. 3 1/2 stars for the brilliant 'again', the reason i bought the cd.
B000022TSY|4.0|This movie is so great.  Dennis Hopper not only made a fun picture, he touched on the very issue that makes America a great place, freedom.  At it's root that is what Easy Rider is all about.  The first time I saw this film I was like, &quot;this is a classic?&quot;  The second time I saw it, years later, I was like &quot;this IS a classic!&quot;  Dennis Hopper and Peter Fonda riding their choppers towards New Orleans and their quest to be free is a classic American movie.  It is a comteperary tragedy that deserves all the praise it has received over the years.  Upon first viewing this film I did not see any message in it, but after seeing it again I really understtod what Hopper was saying.  Everyone should see this film and listen.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I bought this CD a couple of days after it was released. All the songs on the album are really good. I especially like &quot;Lucky&quot; because it really shows what Britney feels. The way she sings it is like &quot;wow!&quot; it really sounds like she put a lot of heart in it. I always listen to the CD when I'm bored and just bored. It's a really good CD and I hope ya'll go out and buy it!
6305127697|3.0|This film is a second rate thriller involving Richard Gere, a prominent Chicago attorney, and his defence of an alter boy in a brutal murder case.  The movie is engaging for the most part, although there are annoying subplots that are never fully developed and therefore a drag in the picture. The real action in this picture is the electrifying screen debut of Edward Norton.  Norton plays the alter boy, Aaron Stampler, accused of killing the archbishop he worked for.  This truely is a stunning performance, that garnered several awards and a best supporting actor nomination from the Academy.  Norton gives Stampler so much depth and emotion it is hard to believe he could hurt a flea, let alone be guilty of such a brutal crime, despite the evidence against him.  A twist of plot explains this and it would be unfair to spoil it for people who have not seen this movie.  Norton is flawless and Gere is solid as ever, so this is a picture people should checkout.
0446604844|5.0|I have just finished reading this book which although a little slow to get into, soon took me by the scruff of the neck and pushed me through it's pages towards the end. An end which you knew was sure to come but did not no when and indeed how. Should this become a film and they stick to the original plot, it will take the industry(film) by storm. I have read all but 'Saving Faith', which I hope to get hold of soon, and would class David Baldacci as one of my favourite modern day authors. I do hope that there is more of his books in the pipeline.
158234082X|4.0|This clever, well written book deserves the attention of the masses of people heading off to culinary school. It also deserves the attention of their parents. Read this book. It is an honest glimpse into what cooking is really about and it reveals what really goes on in kitchens across the country.
0449227421|1.0|I've just finished reading a review where the phrases &quot;hated it&quot; and &quot;awful&quot; were repeatedly mentioned. I couldn't agree more. Giving this book even a one star rating is more than it deserves for the following reasons:<br />1) the very few scientific facts appearing in this book that I DID know prior to reading it were totally wrong in the book - you get a WHOLE chromosome from each parent, not 2 different strands that combine into 2 chromosomes with a strand of each parent in each - this is scientifically impossible from what I've learned in 9th or 10th grade level biology!<br />2) The book was so full of stereotypes you don't have to read more than a few pages to fill in the rest with guesswork. It seems Ken Follet has left wing opinions, so for him right wing = evil. Or the stereotypic jail description..<br />3) The EXTREME chauvinistic attitude of the book - in order for a woman to be strong, she has to be masculine - both physically and though her personality and attitude to life, while a &quot;feminine&quot; woman is portrayed as weak... Please compare Mish or Jeannie to Jeannie's friend Lisa or her sister Patty... The former two are more 'manly' and aggressive , and the later are feminine and soft. The first 2 don't have an harmonious family and are not the type to be raped, while the other 2 are... The former 2 get things accomplished and are exected to do the hard job and decisions, while the later 2 are more dependent on others to do the hard work and decide the tough decisions for them.<br />4) Too many twists and turns of the plot, especially towards the end!<br />5) Jeannie's academics are ALL MIXED UP - she did a master's degree in computers, and now is wsorking in the psychology department on genetics research (which is a field in biology?) Why would an assistant in the psychology department have a nurse's or doctor's skill of drawing blood?<br />6) I've saved the 'best' for last. As a woman reading what I persume is a thriller, IRESENT having to read all about what different underwear the women wore or how they're built. Let's take Jeanie for example. Whoever suffered through this book probably knows that she's tall and that she has an athletic body build with long, flowing dark curly hair, smooth back, smooth and flat tummy, long muscly legs, and small breasts with dark nipples which she thinks are too small, but all the men she'd been with like them just fine. Oh, and she also likes tp have her nipples sucked, and thinks that going without any underwear is sexy just in case 'her man' comes along and wants a quickie. I hope this pasage does not upset anyone, but my point is that all this info has NOTHING to do with the plot, weak as the later might be. So do Lisa's red lace underwear or large bra size. This is not a porn story, so being able to envision Jeannie naked does not enhance the story. I normally don't mind a little sexual stuff in books I read, but this is simply too much and too specific in this context!
B0000004V2|5.0|The Stone Roses debut is quite simply the most magnificent album I have ever heard.  I have been listening to it for years and never tire of it.  Every song is a classic, but my personal favourites are the sublime &quot;Waterfall&quot; and the epic &quot;I am the Resurrection&quot;.  If you don't yet own this masterpiece then don't spend any more of your life waiting.  Just go out and buy the album - you'll be glad you did.
B00000DFSK|4.0|Not being a U2 fan, but liking their songs played over the radio, this collection was a great idea for people like me, even though I wasn't fimiliar with ALL of the songs...
B00000JGEF|5.0|This movie is CLASSIC.  Entertaining from start to finish.  This movie will shoot you full of goosebumps and give you an adrenaline rush like you have never felt before.  You will feel a powerful sense of human pride as Schwarzenegger becomes the last mand standing to face off against this invincible, inter-galactic alien head hunter.  Though I would have liked for the movie to have ended with Dutch using his pure physical abilities *considering Dutch's insane physical physique and the notion of human beings being forced to use their intelligence to rise to the top of Earth's totem pole I feel this would have added a great sense of powerful, ironic human ability* to dispatch of the Predator, the ending, nevertheless was just awesome.
B000002UAX|5.0|The White Album is not really a group effort. It's better characterized as a bunch of mostly great songs each of which features one of the Beatles in the lead role, and the other three playing backup. It's very easy to determine whose song is whose. In fact, it's very interesting to review the album by reviewing each member's songs separate from the others.<br />John's songs: Most of these songs were written either during or shortly after the time the Beatles spent in India with the Maharishi. All are very introspective and personal. &quot;Julia&quot; was the last song recorded for the album and is a beautifully simple song written for his mother. &quot;Sexy Sadie&quot; should have been called &quot;Maharishi&quot;, but he didn't want to be too blatant. &quot;Dear Prudence&quot; is written to Mia Farrow's sister, who was in India with them and wouldn't come out of her tent. All of John's songs would have made an interesting solo album on par with his first post-Beatles solo effort.<br />Paul's songs: Face, it. Paul is showing off. He is showing that he can write in any musical style. &quot;Back In The USSR&quot;? Can you say, &quot;California Girls&quot;? &quot;Helter Skelter&quot;? Paul told of hearing a member of the Who boast that they had just recorded the loudest, most raucous song ever. Paul took that as a challenge. &quot;Honey Pie&quot;? Paul writing a song in the style his own Father would have played. &quot;Why Don't We Do It In The Road?&quot; and &quot;I Will&quot;. Black Paul; White Paul. But, honestly, even if he was just showing off, he proved his point. These songs are all very good. Well, except maybe &quot;Wild Honey Pie&quot;!<br />George's Songs: Real hit and miss. &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; is probably the most played from the entire album, mostly due to Eric Clapton's guitar. Frankly, I'm a little tired of it. &quot;Piggies&quot;? Oh yeah, I've read &quot;Animal House&quot; too. &quot;Long, Long, Long&quot; and &quot;Savoy Truffle&quot; are overlooked, but still a very enjoyable listen, perhaps because they are not so overplayed.<br />Ringo's Song: I guess it's memorable, if anything, for the line &quot;You were in a car crash, and you lost your hair.&quot;<br />What made the Beatles so interesting, in addition to their musical talents, was that they were very different individuals. When they played as a group, these differences made them very dynamic. On &quot;The White Album&quot;, the splintering apart started, the differences became more pronounced, and it led to this very dynamic, four faceted-album.
B00002Z83J|4.0|After reading the other reviews, I decided to go out and buy 'Calling Card'. I already owned 'Live In Europe' and 'Irish Tour' and loved them , especially 'Irish Tour'.<br />At first I was a bit suprised with the album, since I found that Rory had moved away somewhat from his blues roots. This album is produced by Roger Glover of Deep Purple, and it shows. It does have a certain Purple feel to it (especially on 'Do You Read Me' and 'Moonchild', where I even find Rory sounds a bit like Ritchie Blackmore)<br />But after a few listens, the album really grew on me. The tracks mentionned above are excellent, as well as the jazzy 'Calling Card' and the outstanding 'Edged In Blue'. The 2 bonus tracks are also pretty good and add to the album.<br />Overall a great album showing Rory maturing and treading some new ground.
B00004XONN|1.0|This album sounds more like a soundtrack to a futuristic movie of a high-tech apocalypse than something I would want to listen to for pleasure.  Uhhhh .... where are the songs?  Although I have enjoyed some of Radiohead's prior material, this album is a complete bust.  Perhaps this is what happens a band as mediocre as Radiohead gets too much media attention by music critics.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Do you even have a remote interest in Hip Hop, R&amp;B, or Reggae? Well then buy this CD and you will not forget it. I purchased this CD in 1998 and have never looked back since. This should be considered one of Legacy Albums of the Century. Her liricks remain true to the experiences of African American reality and her poetic commentary with its use of Biblical, historical and political references is exceptional. Statements like &quot;march through these streets like Sweto&quot; can easily be overlooked in its commentary on South Africa. Whether you want enjoyable beats, socially responsible music, or just good tunes this is it.
B000024D4R|5.0|This album is one of the greatest albulms written in history.  Dont be turned off because it only has 5 songs.  Each song is very long, except the first track, which is just an intro.  Along with all floyd albums is not just a collection of songs, but meant to be listened to as a whole album.  I recommend buying it
B00004XOWM|4.0|But not better than 3 dollar bill.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|Take heed from a guy who never owned a Bjork CD before buying this &quot;soundtrack&quot;: this is great stuff.<br />Someone had passed me a Bjork single of a Deodato mix of &quot;Isobel&quot; years back and I liked it and recognized her talent, but it took this film and the accompanying 'score' to wake me up and take notice (as I bark like Catherine Deneuve does in the opening scene of the film, a sly reference itself to 'The Sound of Music' - the last musical anyone in America allowed to be a musical without dismissing it).<br />Yes, I do wish Selmasongs was in the truest sense a 'soundtrack' of &quot;Dancer in the Dark&quot;... maybe that one is in the pipeline someday soon.  Bjork has remixed and dubbed many of the songs to be different than heard in the film, itself an agonizing, witty, frustrating, iconoclastic, and at-times brilliant and self-reflexive meditation on the cultural murder of the musical by Industry and the 'chic cynicism' propogated by a media that would rather seduce people into buying SUVs, and look down on smaller cars, rather than have them feel deep and beautiful things.  All that said, Bjork still provides 37 quality minutes of a modern musical.<br />It's subjective of course to choose a highlight here, but for my money it's &quot;I've Seen It All&quot;, a lovely duet with Radiohead's Thom Yorke.  I do regret the male chorus is missing from the film musical segment (possibly one of the most exquisite moments in cinema of the last ten years this side of Kieslowski).  Siobahn Fallon's counting on &quot;107 Steps&quot; chills for anyone who has seen the film as Bjork marches bravely towards the Death of the Musical.  The bulk of the material is orchestrated grandly by Vince Mendoza (the genius on Joni Mitchell's &quot;Both Sides Now&quot;) and the underlying techno-beat emerges from Bjork's film role-plight as a lowly worker in a hellish sink factory.<br />&quot;Selmasongs&quot; moved me to research previous Bjork efforts, many of which I like and will purchase.  As for its length and truncation, well, the lady is still a brilliant artist.  It's quality, not quantity, or has that wisdom been trained out of us along with our spontaniety to suddenly get up, sing and dance?
B00000JNO1|5.0|This is probably my personal favorite of all the Skynyrd studio albums.  They just sound good.  The combination of guitars, vocals, piano, the rock solid rhythm section, and the occasional Al Kooper backin vocal and keyboard work is simply amazing.  Everything comes together for a bluesy southern flavored album.  It's got a similar feeling and atmosphere to the Rolling Stones Exile On Mainstreet.  The only problem with Nuthin Fancy is that there isn't enough of it.  The album contains only 8 songs because Skynyrd was on the road constantly and had very little time to work on new material.  Regardless, Nuthin Fancy is a great album.  I recommend it to any fan of blues-rock music.
0440234743|4.0|I have read several Grisham books (The Firm, The Chamber, The Pelican Brief).  Some of those books had interesting beginings but The Firm and The Pelican Brief went off to become like a James Bond or Mission Impossible episode.  This book does not suffer that fate and is far better then the other books.<br />The first chapters are told in the first person and are some of the best writing I have ever read.  The main character Nate is a very &quot;likable&quot; loser.  He is someone with smarts who let liquor and bad choices in his life lead to a life of ruin.  He is in and out of rehab with only temporary results.  He meets a missionary named Rachel that he ultimately falls in love with.  I guess he loves her because she is the most happy person he has ever met and surely the most G-d-faithful person he has ever seen.  He comes from a world where lawyers have no interest in their clients, only in their fees and how they can maximize their hourly billings.  The missionary lives in a primative environment and has absolutely no interest in the 11 billion dollars that has been left to her.  The proverbial two ends of the spectrum.<br />It is Rachel's spiritual beauty and her fervent religious belief that does for Nate, what none of his expensive rehab has done.  Get rid of his desire for alcohol.  It is a good attempt by Grisham and it plays out very well.  However, I cannot figure out Rachel's attraction to Nate (unless he is a lovable loser).<br />The Phelen clan is quite large and it is difficult to keep track of who is who.  Maybe Grisham should have supplied one of those tree diagrams with all the players (like Toltsoy did for War and Peace).  <br />Hark Gettys is the leading lawyer representing them and though he is a villian, he is quite likable.  It is interesting how he gets Snead (the star witness for the Phelen clan) to build his testimony.<br />All in a good read (but don't take it on a trip since there are plane crashes and boat sinkings in it).
6305372411|5.0|Great job Mr. Tom Hanks! I just love this collection of videos and I've been watching over and over. I wasn't born when this Apollo project started, so I don't know how it was in the real situation. Being a fun of Tom Hanks and space stuff, I really enjoyed this collection of videos. It's also good for your kids to learn history of the space age.
6302902010|3.0|AS A YOUNG GIRL I SAW THIS MOVIE SEVERAL TIMES AND I LOVED THE SINGING ESPECIALLY.I DO HOPE IT IS TRUE AND THE MOVIE WILL BE OUT ON DVD.I WILL BUY A DVD FOR THIS VIDEO.  I WOULD LIKE FOR MY CHILDREN AND GRANDCHILDREN TO SEE THIS EXTRAORDINARY FILM.  I LOVED THE PART OF PORGY SINGING &quot;BESS YOU IS MY WOMAN NOW&quot;.SPORTIN LIFE WAS A TRUE SHYSTER.SAMMY DAVIS JR. PLAYED THE PART TO A  &quot;T&quot;.
0767802659|1.0|Starship Troopers makes no sense at all.Despite the fact that the human's air superiority can wipe out thousands of bugs in seconds,troops are sent down with guns that fire bullets and are relatively inneffective.Why do the orbiting ships stick so close together,like sitting ducks,when they could be thousands of miles apart?Why do the troops get so close to the bugs when they could fire from 100 yards away?Why don't the troops use naplam,bombs and nukes when they just use bullets that take too long?Why don't they have more air support?The fort is surrounded and yet no grenades are thrown until a bug gets inside the fort(?)and the relieving ship carries no bombs.Despite what some fans say,this is just a big dumb movie that makes no sense at all.Denise Richard's character gets impaled by a bug,yet in the next scene she is firing a gun and sprinting as if nothing has happened to her(an obvious script error).Paul Verhoven's movies such as Starship Troopers and The Hollow Man both flopped.Movie goers are rejecting his eccessive violence and dumb storyline.
B000002AD0|5.0|In my opinion YES. Hendrix at the FillMore East may surpass this, but not by much. If you ever wanted to feel music with your very soul - then this is the album to close your eyes and let yourself fall into its rythmic trance.  Music played with such passion is a diamond in the rough nowadays.  The Santana Band carries out a &quot;soul sacrifice&quot; and it is somehow captured on this very album.  Buy this album and treasure it.  Fried Kneckbones will blow you away.  All tracks are raw and powerful that will leave you wanting more. Enjoy!
B00000JCB2|1.0|Just plain terrible. No lyrical content. No presence of music.<br />Saying anything more would be a waste of my time and your's.
080018789X|5.0|Not only did Cameron Crowe invent nifty terminology for his feisty football star Rod Tidwell, he brought it to life by reaping its benefits for this exceptionally well-written and directed picture about a talent shark who reevaluates his success-driven life. He got the love, he got the respect as a filmmaker, he got the money - the whole package that is...the QUAN! And speaking of &quot;showing the money&quot;, his multifaceted cast of actors dished out priceless performances that would've shrank to an unrecognizable state if in the hands of anyone other than Cruise, Zellweger, Gooding and Mohr. This is a tour-de-force ensemble that fed off each other's energy, blending and clashing seamlessly.<br />It all starts with Cruise's smug narration of the film as the planet Earth swirls into view and centers upon the life of our title character traversing from press conference to press conference in search of more valuable clients. His morals are drenched in his motivation for money and fame. He is newly engaged to self-absorbed go-getter Avery Bishop (bravura comeback by Kelly Preston) and is popular with his envious co-workers. All seems well until the umpteenth hospitalization of a hockey player and the ire of his son brings him to an enlightening standpoint: fewer clients, less money, more personal attention. This and many more pages of an early-morning essay progress into a mission statement titled &quot;The Things We Think But Do Not Say&quot;, copied, bound and distributed to each of SMI's employee mailboxes. His frank dissertation on the company's business ethics merits him a merciless layoff by fellow colleague Bob Sugar at a private luncheon before they even glance at their menus. From there it is a race against time to keep some of his more valuable clients as he moves on to an ad hoc launch of his own agency in the wide world of budding athleticism. This is a delightful and energizing part of the movie to watch with Crowe's ability to create the fury and desperation of the moment, flashing back and forth consistently between the ravenous parties as they dial number after number, swaying their unwary clientele to and fro out of sheer competitiveness.<br />The race ends with Jerry on the losing side, his only dangling claim a raucous, argumentative linebacker named Rod Tidwell that coerces Maguire to beg for his small but vital revenue. With star athlete Frank Kushman (Jerry O'Connell playing the numbskull quarterback) and all the rest under Sugar's greedy thumb, Jerry leaves SMI with tail tucked between legs and one devout volunteer: a smitten single mom named Dorothy Boyd who becomes his lone and tenacious account and, in due time, his wistful lover.<br />This film possesses so many enjoyable performances that I hardly know where to start, but I guess I'll begin with the most prominent. Tom Cruise dispenses an audacious and extraordinary show that won him a Best Actor nomination, flailing new-fangled comedic genius about during his character's numerous nervous breakdowns and displaying his usual magnetic appeal that has served him in past projects such as &quot;The Firm&quot;, &quot;A Few Good Men&quot; and &quot;Interview With The Vampire&quot; (my personal favorite!). Who would've thought a seasoned performer such as Cruise would enmesh so well with a cast member of the ghetto flick &quot;Boyz N' The Hood&quot;? Cuba Gooding Jr. was the big kahuna of Crowe's innovative yarn, earning the prize for the Best Supporting category as the energetic and boisterous Tidwell. His elated acceptance speech at the podium was the very heart and soul of his rambunctious character, excitedly whooping and unashamedly divulging his gratitude to everyone involved. Acknowledgement also goes to Renee Zellweger as the soft-hearted Dorothy Boyd and Jay Mohr as the zealous Bob Sugar. Lately I've been repelled by the number of dewey-eyed child actors complete with annoying lisps, so it was refreshing to see the genuinely adorable, spikey-hairedtot Johnathan Lipnicki complete with nerdy horn-rimmed spectacles portraying Zellweger's precocious son Ray.<br />As for Cameron, he continues to make his mark in the film industry with his latest vehicle &quot;Almost Famous&quot;, a biography of sorts about his early days as a rock n' roll columnist for Rolling Stone magazine. If you're looking to build a Cameron Crowe archive, this should be, without a doubt, your first choice.tot Johnathan Lipnicki complete with nerdy horn-rimmed spectacles portraying Zellweger's precocious son Ray.<br />As for Cameron, he continues to make his mark in the film industry with his latest vehicle &quot;Almost Famous&quot;, a biography of sorts about his early days as a rock n' roll columnist for Rolling Stone magazine. If you're looking to build a Cameron Crowe archive, this should be, without a doubt, your first choice.
B00003XACV|5.0|Okay, so I have to put down my studies right now to tell you how the original score to &quot;American Beauty&quot; keeps me returning to listen to it again and again. This score is incredible, just like the 1999 film it accompanies. It's crazy how well this score accompanies one of the best films of last year. It matches up perfectly, scene for scene; I can't imagine anything else in its place. The music here on this CD is very moody; it goes from highest of highs, back down to lowest of lows, from creepy to lovely, from obsessive to inspirational. It's just some of the best movie music I've heard in a long time.<br />I really find it enjoyable to listen to while going over my insanely boring college texts. I should be doing that right now while I'm currently listening to it, but I'm busy telling all of you how much you need to check out this soundtrack.
6303589170|5.0|Beginning with the hollowy echo of the Rolling Stones' hit &quot;I Can't Get No Satisfaction&quot; and accompanied by numerous visuals of a bleak and soundless outer space, &quot;Starman&quot; kicks off its unusually heartwarming story with a hovering satellite circumnavigating the muted cosmos, bleeping out salutations in a multitude of languages in the hopes that an alien passerby will hear and accept Earth's amiable invitation. Unbeknownst to a recently widowed recluse named Jenny Hayden, she is the anchorage and guide for an extraterrestrial who abandons ship after a calamitous crash landing to Earth.<br />Arriving at her home in the middle of the night, the foreign ball of light takes on the form of Jenny's deceased husband Scott, sending her into an emotional tempest filled with hundreds of clinging memories. Starman's time on Earth is limited, a simple visitation gone awry by appending circumstances. He must reach a specific place in the US within the time allotted to return home to his native planet or he will die on Earth. Jenny is his elected navigator for his destination, a reluctant and terrified aide from the start. As time passes, she learns of Starman's dire situation and responds with empathy and support, at long last permitting herself to love again as fervently as she once had.<br />Jeff Bridges gives an amusing and exceptionally believable impression of being in a foreign body, his wobbly gait and bird-like sharp head movements impressively sustained whenever he is on camera. Furthermore of clumsy charm are his speech patterns, patchy and monotone, his enunciation of simple English highly exaggerated and humorous. Even though Bridges is portraying a seemingly emotionally detached extraterrestrial, he manages to put forth overwhelming compassion with the subtle glistening of his eyes, something that one would least expect from this peripatetic spirit of the sky. As he becomes more accustomed to human interaction, so does he adapt to the body he assumed and the indescribable passions that the human spirit possesses. His candor is mesmeric and endearing, expressing nothing but the deepest sincerity in his words and feelings. It is a wonder to behold that one man can convey all this in a simple character like Starman. Oscar should've been his prize.<br />Karen Allen is the right-hand, the perfect balance to the awe-inspiring storyline with her realism, sensitivity and dedication to this perfect stranger with an all-too-familiar face. Her vast, pale eyes emanate fear, confusion, sympathy and adoration simultaneously, and her understated approach to her role makes Jenny's ongoing turmoil genuine and heartfelt.<br />I also think more attention should've been given to the unpretentious and enchanting screenplay, proclaiming the beauty of humanity in one simple but sincere citation from Starman himself: &quot;Do you know what I find beautiful about your species? You are at your best when things are worse.&quot; This is such a pure examination of human nature that I have seen thus far, and I recommend it to those who are fans of Steven Spielberg's colossal tearjerker &quot;E.T.&quot;. Like Spielberg, I fear John Carpenter will not attract any artistic recognition from his peers or Hollywood's many critics for quite some time, no matter how favored these kinds of films are with the general public. I beg to differ with these stony commentators when I say that if a movie makes you feel what isn't normally evoked in a more realistic situation, it should rightfully be deemed pure art. After all, who makes the claim that Oscar is the singular and indubitable voice for true talent? Reflect on this, my fellow film buffs...umed and the indescribable passions that the human spirit possesses. His candor is mesmeric and endearing, expressing nothing but the deepest sincerity in his words and feelings. It is a wonder to behold that one man can convey all this in a simple character like Starman. Oscar should've been his prize. <br />Karen Allen is the right-hand, the perfect balance to the awe-inspiring storyline with her realism, sensitivity and dedication to this perfect stranger with an all-too-familiar face. Her vast, pale eyes emanate fear, confusion, sympathy and adoration simultaneously, and her understated approach to her role makes Jenny's ongoing turmoil genuine and heartfelt.<br />I also think more attention should've been given to the unpretentious and enchanting screenplay, proclaiming the beauty of humanity in one simple but sincere citation from Starman himself: &quot;Do you know what I find beautiful about your species? You are at your best when things are worse.&quot; This is such a pure examination of human nature that I have seen thus far, and I recommend it to those who are fans of Steven Spielberg's colossal tearjerker &quot;E.T.&quot;. Like Spielberg, I fear John Carpenter will not attract any artistic recognition from his peers or Hollywood's many critics for quite some time, no matter how favored these kinds of films are with the general public. I beg to differ with these stony commentators when I say that if a movie makes you feel what isn't normally evoked in a more realistic situation, it should rightfully be deemed pure art. After all, who makes the claim that Oscar is the singular and indubitable voice for true talent? Reflect on this, my fellow film buffs...
B000002BYD|5.0|It wasn't until something like the 100th time that I listened to Pearl Jam's 1998 album &quot;Yield&quot; that I realized how great it was. And it still is. It's almost shocking how complete and fulfilling this album is; it creeps up on you and one day lets you know how excellent it is. I liked it from the first time I listened to it, but suddenly realized HOW much I liked it out of the blue.<br />For those of you who found &quot;No Code&quot; a little slower and a little less mainstream than what you're accustomed to, &quot;Yield&quot; brings you back into the fold with a very nice blend of in-your-face-rock and ballads that only Pearl Jam can produce. The lyrics are smart, creative, and full of thought. Far too much music these days lacks meaning and lacks a purpose. Too many bands have forgotten that there is supposed to be a reason, a motivation behind a song; Pearl Jam hasn't. Songs on &quot;Yield,&quot; like &quot;Faithful,&quot; &quot;No Way,&quot; &quot;Wishlist,&quot; &quot;Do The Evolution,&quot; and &quot;Low Light,&quot; don't forget that there's a reason. <br />This is a great album. Tracks like &quot;Given To Fly,&quot; &quot;Wishlist,&quot; and &quot;All Those Yesterdays&quot; are worth the price tag alone, but you get 10 other great songs to go along.<br />You should also look for two great b-sides that came from the &quot;Yield&quot; studio sessions; &quot;Leatherman&quot; and &quot;U.&quot;
B00004YW6I|5.0|Full of the energy and emotion that exhumes from both falling in love and discovering who you are in New York City. Amazing lyrics, amazing ryhthms. By far, the best album of the year.  Stand outs: A Place Called Home, Good Fortune, We Float.
B00004ZB9D|4.0|Kravitz its one of the greatest musicians of the '90s, he plays all the instruments on his records, and his lyrics are very good too. This compilation has some of his old classics like &quot;it aint over till its over&quot;, &quot;Mama Said&quot;, &quot;Believe&quot;,&quot;Mr Cab Driver&quot;, and some kinda new stuff from the 5 album and Are you gonna go my way... all the songs are good enough to be part of a Greatest Hits compilation, and the new song (Again) its going to become a Kravitz classic... It would be a really really good record if &quot;fields of joy&quot; and some other stuff were included in this complilation... Buy it if u missed some of Lenny's past records...
0393312836|5.0|In a horrific, futuristic view of the world, Anthony Burgess takes us on a turbulent ride through the mind of a seemingly psychopathic teenager.  But is he really a psychopath?  This is the question that Burgess poses to his readers. Is he so far off from what everyone begins as? Is he just the manifestation of the thoughts which run through all teenagers before they are taken over by the system?  Alex, the main character, goes through a complete metamorphosis from his violent, gang ways to being a &quot;good little boy&quot; after going through prison and experimentation due to his murdering an innocent woman.  Watch what happens when something so full of the juice of life is turned into a machine - when he is turned into a clockwork orange.<br />I recommend this book to anyone willing to read.  But be prepared to think, because that's what this book forces you to do.
B000001ZSF|3.0|The songs are very Jarre-like. #4 Is the best track in my opinion maybe that says enough. The live in Hong Kong interpretations of songs like #2, #3, #4, #6 and #8 are far more great.
630438551X|5.0|This was an amazingly interesting movie.  I loved the modern day scene coupled with the old english text.  Granted it is a little hard to follow the first time you watch it but that's what purchasing is for!  I think the two leads did an amazing job and I loved the entire thing.  I believe that &quot;Leo and Claire please shuttup&quot; was a little rude...I mean...if you don't like the movie say so but there's no reason to be mean about it!  Anyhoo rent it soon...u won't regret it!
B000002BFZ|4.0|Although I can't say whether I like No Code or Vitology better I can say I think this ones better than Yield. Pearl Jam is one of those bands where all their albums seem on an equal playing field, its tough to compare. But No Code needs no comparison, it stands on its own. First of all it flows. From beggining to end it seems to flow as well as a continous album(Dark Side, Sgt. Peppers etc.). And with some astonishing songs like Hail, Hail I don't know how you coudln't like it. Oddly enough it didn't do as well as some of their other albums(probably due to lack of radio hits, go figure).
0792151712|5.0|This is the most amazing movie on account of it being something that gets to you every time.  No matter how many times I watch it I always feel my heart going out to the characters.  I always smile and I always sob.  I have never had a movie get to me like this one does.  I think perhaps, some people who do not enjoy this movie don't let it in entirely.  You have to let your imagination go and realize what it must have been like to leave the people you loved behind and know full well that you may never see them again.  Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet do a brilliant job and I don't believe anyone else could have done it better.  James Cameron shows us that people then were no different then people are now.  Overall it's an amazing movie.  I recommend it to anyone who has the imagination to understand it.
0880389052|5.0|I read R.A. Salvatore's Vector Prime, and vowed never to read another of his books. Hmmm, obviously it didn't quite work out that way. The book was much loved by the person who sat next to me in class at camp. He dedicated pretty much his whole website thet he made there, to fantasy. Plus the artcle he wrote for our camp magazine was entitled Drizzt Do'Urden. Weeeellll, needless to say, I got curious. So when I was in the bookstore, I bought it. And I didn't put it down. When I finished, I was surprised at ::edited to remove spoiler:: [ ;) ], but mostly I was surprised that I had actually liked it. And not just liked, loved! I got Exile earlier last week, and today I got Sojourn. Tomorrow is Friday night, no school, where's my book....<br />Drizzt is an amazing swordsman, that alone demanded that he earn my respect. I was instantly drawn to Zaknafein also. The characters are not so totally un-real that you can not know them, so you know the characters very well by the end. I have heard it said that Mr. Salvatore's name belongs with those of Tolkien and Asimov, I wholeheartedly agree. These books are very well written, and you are surprised. That is the most important thing in a book. Surprise. These books are really great, what more is there to say?<br />Oh, yes one more thing. The psychology of Exile is amazing, read it! :)
B000003FPN|5.0|The other reviews are very accurate, the pieces that go with the showcase New World 9th are also very good, BUT GET THIS FOR THE NEW WORLD 9th, the rest is frosting. None of the other recordings of the 9th I have compare. Fritz Reiner indeed had brought the orchestra from ho-hum to one of the world's finest if not the best (on Boston's back)just at this time and the brass section is filled with &quot;principal&quot; quality players in every chair. But it just not the brass here (although I think that a teacher could use this CD as a start &amp; stop tutorial on how brass should sound in playing powerfully yet still blending and in and complimenting the strings &amp; woodwinds)..the woodwinds (e.g. Ray Still on Oboe) and strings (Frank Miller on cello) are fabulous. For non classical fans who still are looking for a few classical pieces that really can stir you (played by a true world class group in it's prime)this should be one of your selections.
B000000WA4|5.0|Originally, I considered Siamese Dream to be the best SP Album of all.  Now after the break up, The Friends and Enemies of Modern Music, and their final concert approaching, I reminisce about the ultimate smashing pumpkins album- mellon collie and the infinite sadness.<br />  I was in about 6th grade when I first heard &quot;bullet with butterfly wings.&quot; from then on i was hooked.  my older sister would play the album when we drove around in the car, she was about 17.  she then introduced me to &quot;tonight tonight&quot; and her favorite- &quot;1979&quot;.  she also listened to a couple other songs which i would forget and then find later, &quot;muzzle&quot; and &quot;jellybelly.&quot;<br />But that was then.  A little over a year ago, when the date for Machina to be released was set and Everlasting Gaze was played for the first time on Q101, I searched in my past and found the new smashing pumpkins, the ones i hadnt heard, the whole albums.  I thought siamese dream was amazing.  and mcis was about what i remembered it for- an album with a bunch of good singles.  <br />BUT NOW, its different again, MCIS IS the ultimate rock opera/epic rock record of the 1990s, on par with radiohead's &quot;OK Computer&quot; in the sheer grandioseness of it all.<br />here are my ratings of songs:<br />Mellon Collie and The infinite sadness- 85 (out of 100)- a soothing, mellow, somewhat depressing, beautiful instrumental.<br />Tonight Tonight- 90- admit it, its a great song.<br />Jellybelly- 80- I used to love this song...i still do, but not quite as much.<br />Zero- 55- I never liked zero much, it is AWESOME in concert though.<br />Here is no why- 95- a gem i discoverd lately, short-sweet, grand, uplifting, heavy and great- one of the few effective happy smashing pumpkins songs.<br />Bullet with butterfly wings- 85- filled with rage, i love it.<br />To forgive- 50- kind of just there.<br />**** You (an ode to no one)- 70 - rage again, i like it.  listen to it if you are very angry at someone.<br />Love- 60- its alright, kinda misdirected..maybe its just me.<br />Cupide de Locke- 60- another decent song...<br />Galapagos- 95- the ultimate &quot;adore warning sign&quot; AWESOME and BEAUTIFUL.<br />Muzzle- 90- great profound, happy music.<br />Porcelina...-85- another song i used to love..stillgreat.<br />Take me down- 50- ok<br />where boys fear to tread- 55- i liked the doom sound effects.<br />bodies- 80- great song, nice and heavy, also melodic.<br />Thirty three- 90- beautiful, powerful<br />In the Arms of sleep - 95- very beautiful.<br />1979- 80- its good, as usual.<br />Tales of scorched earth- 45- too hard to understand..listenable.<br />Thru the Eyes of Ruby- 99- The best song on the album, so close to perfection.  Art Rock at its best.<br />Stumbleine- 75- pretty.<br />XYU- 90- hardcore, i love when it gets fast, energetic..awesome.<br />we only come out...- 70- nice little song.<br />beautiful- 75- just like the name.<br />Lily..-50- not that appealing to me.<br />By Starlight- 87- excellent song.<br />Farewell and Goodnight- 85- great closer, ends the album the way it started, brilliant.<br />THE SHEER MAGNITUDE OF GREATNESS MAKES THIS THE BEST ALBUM BY THE SMASHING PUMPKINS.
6300271285|4.0|Very entertaining.  Great songs and performances.  Steve Martin steals the show, and his scene with Bill Murray is particularly good.  I really enjoyed it, but the ending was a bit of a let-down.
B000001EPB|5.0|This CD is full of great songs with a common style in all of them. The disc is the sondtrack of the Lord of the Dance show, and you really can imagine the story yourself. The celtic music is the heart of the disc, and several songs have a particular characteristic of that kind of music that makes me like this CD very much: the rhythm becames progressively faster by playing the same melody more and more quickly. An example of this is &quot;Warriors&quot; song. Although most of the songs are instrumental and beat ones, there are some vocal and slow themes that you will not find unpleasant. Only one track (&quot;Nightmare&quot;) doesn't follow the global style of the disc (this is a strange song, surely part of a scene full of tension). It's possible that some songs reminds you of something. In my case, &quot;Siamsa&quot; reminds me of Basque Country music, and &quot;Victory&quot; reminds me of the way Vanessa Mae plays the violing. There are very few chances to buy a disc as good as this one. I'm sure you'll love Lord of the Dance.
B00004Y62T|2.0|Patricia Highsmith's novel, on which this film is based, is a tightly woven thriller, with no plot holes and a high level of suspense -- which is what makes it all the more inexcusable that the film's director,Anthony Minghella, chose to rework and replot the narrative until it alternates between the nonsensical and the preposterous. (For those who have never read the book : the Cate Blanchett character, Meredith, doesn't exist in the novel, and the composer with whom Ripley eventually takes up is mentioned (once) but is never seen. Whole episodes, such as the girl in Mongibello who drowns herself over Dickie, are Minghella's additions).Highsmith's Ripley is a consummate games-player right from the beginning, who would NEVER have allowed Mr. Greenleaf's chauffeur to pick him up at his dump of an apartment, thereby running the risk of exposing his story about being a success.My personal bete noire in this film is the murder of Dickie.Highsmith's character murders in cold blood, having already decided to steal his identity; Minghella's swings at him in anger; tries to apologize; then has to kill in self-defense, when Dickie lunges at him.(The scene immediately thereafter, where Ripley cradles Dickie in his arms, weeping over his foul deed, would surely have had Highsmith roaring obscenities).Also, when I saw the film in the theater, NO ONE could make head or tails of why Ripley kills his composer/lover at the end.Meredith is now the only person left who knows Ripley as Dickie; and it is clear that Ripley can't possibly go on pretending to be Dickie without being exposed, since Dickie is now universally believed to be dead.So why isn't Meredith the one he kills? This is especially pertinent since the film's theme (NOT Highsmith's), such as it is, is that Ripley is essentially nothing more than a Boy Who Wants To Be Loved; yet now he kills a first-rate man who genuinely loves him.I should add that the film's Italian location shooting is GORGEOUS, to the point that you will want to leave the theater and call your travel agent to book you on the next flight to Ischia (the stand-in for Mongibello). The cast is also splendid (with Philip Seymour Hoffman particularly good; the kind of officious bore that we have all met at parties, and who should probably be murdered just on general principle.)Unfortunately, in a thriller (as the master, Hitchcock, knew so well), it is the script that decides whether the whole business sinks or swims. Like Dickie's boat, the verdict here must be &quot;Glug-glug&quot;.
0440219078|4.0|Let me tell you this, this is a great book. I believe that the ending could have been better(and yes, i got it). A real great fantasy story. I loved it but it only gets a 4 dut to the ending.
0385493800|1.0|I'd heard the Grisham name so often, in book stores and movies I'd seen.  The books premise was interesting  I decided to take the plunge and bought this one.  The characters are shallow and poorly developed.  It is written at the level of a talented, wordy elementary school student.  Grisham is the exception that proves the rule &quot;The book is always better than the movie.&quot;  Wait for the movie.  It will probably be better.  A decent cast can help flesh out the characters.
0375501851|4.0|Archibald Jones reminds me a little of Joyce's Leopold Bloom; he believes that people of all classes and backgrounds can mingle and get along.  To that end, Archibald (who is a paper folder by profession) chooses as his best friend, the Bangladeshi, Samad Iqbal, a one-handed Muslim London waiter.<br />White Teeth encompasses the time period from 1975 to 1993 and traces the friendship between Archibald and Samad.  As we learn more about the two men, we also learn about their friends and families, such as Archibald's toothless Jamaican wife, as well as their daughter Irie, and Samad's arranged-marriage, a marriage that was satisfactory enough to produce twin sons named Millat and Magid.<br />During the telling of her story, Smith makes several forays into rather bizarre and hilarious worlds:  a Jamaican hair salon; a school that was begun as a workhouse for Jamaican immigrants; and an Irish pub that has become a catch-all for Muslim immigrants in London.<br />Smith's characters are all eccentrics, with strange habits and quirks but who, nevertheless, seek to blend into the background of modern-day London despite their differences in race, style, language and religious belief.  The fact that none of them really does blend is something that simply escapes them altogether.  Take Millat, for instance.  This fifteen-year old boy was born and raised in London, but he looks like &quot;Omar Sharif, thirty years ago.&quot;  His efforts at &quot;blending&quot; are nothing short of enormous, &quot;He was simply too big to remain merely a leader of the Raggastanis..he had to please all of the people...to the Cockney wide-boys he was the joker...to the Asian kids, hero and spokesperson...and underneath it all...the feeling of belonging nowhere that comes to people who belong everywhere.&quot;<br />Smith writes about a London that is home to people who really have no home; i.e., a sense of place.  Her characters seem disconnected, at loose ends.  There is Samad's son Magid, who wassent to Bangladesh to learn to become a &quot;proper&quot; Muslim at the age of nine.  When he returns to London at seventeen he comes back wearing all white, &quot;ironing his underpants,&quot; speaking very, very proper Queen's English and eating English bacon for breakfast.  An aspiring lawyer, Magid is more English than the English.  Millat, however, is a different story.  Although he admits to being from &quot;Whitechapel...via the Royal London Hospital and the 207 bus,&quot; Millat is a rootless young man in emotional turmoil.  In an effort to put down some much-needed roots, he joins a group known as KEVIN.<br />Smith obviously knows London and both the East and the West.  She writes about diverse cultures and races with joy and humor and pathos.  When Samad complains &quot;birthplaces are accidents...everything is an accident,&quot; Irie counters with, &quot;the land of accidents sounded like a paradise...like freedom.&quot;  Obviously, colonialism, or any of its vestiges, plays no part in White Teeth.<br />Smith's London is, in fact, a true melting-pot.  It is a city that experiences excitement, aggravation, anger and edginess, but never out-and-out violence.  It is a world of muted shades of gray where nothing is black and white.  Its inhabitants are more intent on blending than on emphasizing individual differences.<br />Smith is an excellent writer and this is an excellent debut novel.  It is a bit unfocused at times and there are times when it goes on for pages and pages and we wonder what Smith is really getting at.  She seems to be a little like Millat, wanting to please all of the people all of the time.  Ultimately, however, we realize the Smith is trying to tell us to simply get on with getting on.  It's not a bad message and, although it's not perfect, White Teeth is definitely not a bad book nor one to be dismissed.
B00000IQW3|4.0|A combination of 'Coming-of-Age', 'Small-town U.S.A.', and Science Fiction films, 'The Last Starfighter' is one of that rare breed of films that actually become more enjoyable after repeated viewings, which makes it an EXCELLENT choice for your film collection!<br />Famous in film history as the first film to utilize computer-generated FX for its space scenes (producing a 'big-budget' look to more modestly budgeted film), the effects today seem as creaky and out-of-date as the 'Last Starfighter' arcade game that teenager Alex Rogan (Lance Guest) is so expert at! Don't let this put you off, though, as this story is really about the youngster, and being willing to take advantage of an opportunity to 'shine', as Otis (Vernon Washington), his best friend at his trailer park home, reminds him.<br />The concept of the game being a secret test for fighter pilots is clever, and when game creator Robert Preston (who is magnificent, in his last screen appearance) whisks young Rogan off to fight in an interstellar war, all of the youngster's long-stated ambitions to leave home and make something of his life are tested. In a series of amusing scenes, our hero stumbles through his first encounter with alien races, meeting the affable Grig (an unrecognizable Dan O'Herlihy, who nearly steals the movie), the pilot of his fightercraft. After almost making the worst decision of his life, Rogin comes to his senses....<br />... director Nick Castle (who directed the sweet and equally wonderful 'The Boy Who Could Fly') understands people and small-town life, and gives the space adventure so much charm and savvy that you'll love it, nonetheless!<br />Guest is terrific as Alex, conveying both the humor and frustration of growing up in the trailer park; Catherine Mary Stewart, as his girlfriend, is equally good! As Alex' space-fixated younger brother, Louis, Chris Hebert has some of the film's funniest lines, and the image of him, taking his shot at the arcade game and a chance to become a Starfighter, at the conclusion of the film, is a fitting finale!<br />Special praise should be given to Craig Safan's rousing score, some of the most beautiful, sweeping music since 'Star Wars'!<br />The DVD edition IS the version to buy, with a terrific documentary on the making of the film, hosted by Lance Guest, and commentary by director Nick Castle and production designer Ron Cobb!<br />'The Last Starfighter' has achieved near-cult film status over the years, and is a rich experience you'll enjoy, again and again! I STRONGLY recommend it!Starfighter, at the conclusion of the film, is a fitting finale!<br />Special praise should be given to Craig Safan's rousing score, some of the most beautiful, sweeping music since 'Star Wars'!<br />The DVD edition IS the version to buy, with a terrific documentary on the making of the film, hosted by Lance Guest, and commentary by director Nick Castle and production designer Ron Cobb!<br />'The Last Starfighter' has achieved near-cult film status over the years, and is a rich experience you'll enjoy, again and again! I STRONGLY recommend it!
158234082X|5.0|In this book, Anthony Bourdain, executive chef at New York's Brasserie Les Halles, takes us on a wild ride through that city's food supply industry that includes surprises such as heavy drinking, drugs, debauchery, Mafiosi and assorted seedy personalities.<br />It is clear that Bourdain enjoys a true passion for both food and cooking, a passion he inherited from the French side of his family.  He tells us he decided to become a chef during a trip to southwestern France when he was only ten years of age and it is a decision he stuck to, graduating from the Culinary Institute of America.<br />Kitchen Confidential is a surprisingly well-written account of what life is really like in the commercial kitchens of the United States; &quot;the dark recesses of the restaurant underbelly.&quot;  In describing these dark recesses, Bourdain refreshingly casts as many stones at himself as he does at others.  In fact, he is brutally honest.  There is nothing as tiresome as a &quot;tell-all&quot; book in which the author relentlessly paints himself as the unwitting victim.  Bourdain, to his enormous credit, avoids this trap.  Maybe he writes so convincingly about drugs and alcohol because drugs and alcohol have run their course through his veins as well as those of others.<br />The rather raunchy &quot;pirate ship&quot; stories contained in this fascinating but testosterone-rich book help to bring it vividly to life and add tremendous credibility.  The book does tend to discourage any would-be female chefs who might read it, but that's not Bourdain's fault; he is simply telling it like it is and telling it hilariously as well.<br />In an entire chapter devoted to one of the lively and crude characters that populate this book, Bourdain describes a man named Adam:  &quot;Adam Real-Last-Name-Unknown, the psychotic bread-baker, alone in his small, filthy Upper West Side apartment, his eyes two different sizes after a 36-hour coke and liquor jag, white crust accumulated at the corners of his mouth, a two-day growh of whiskers--standing there in a shirt and no pants among the porno mags, the empty Chinese takeout containers, as the Spice channel flickers silently on the TV, throwing blue light on a can of Dinty Moore beef stew by an unmade bed.&quot;  Apparently Bourdain made just as many mistakes at the beginning of his career as did Adam, but the book however, doesn't always paint and bleak picture.<br />Another chapter entitled &quot;The Life of Bryan,&quot; talks about renowned chef Scott Bryan, a man, who, according to Bourdain, made all the right decisions.  Bourdain describes Bryan's shining, immaculate kitchen, his well-organized and efficient staff.  It's respectful homage, but somehow, we feel that Bourdain, himself, will never be quite as organized as is Bryan, for Bourdain is just too much of the rebel, the original, the maverick.<br />Kitchen Confidential can be informative as well as wickedly funny.  Bourdain is hilarious as he tells us what to order in restaurants and when.  For instance, we learn never to eat fish on Mondays, to avoid Sunday brunches and never to order any sort of meat well-done.  And, if we ever see a sign that says, &quot;Discount Sushi,&quot; we will, if we are smart, run the other way as fast as we possibly can.<br />Kitchen Confidential isn't undying literature but it's so funny and so well-written that no one should care.  It made me hungry for Bourdain's black sea bass crusted in sel de Bretagne with frites.  It also made me order his novel, Bone in the Throat.  If it is only half as funny and wickedly well-written as is Kitchen Confidential it will certainly be a treat.
1570425671|5.0|I give this book/tape the highest recommendation, but I definitely don't recommend listening to it while driving in traffic, because it will cause the listener to laugh too loud, too hard and too often.  Sedaris' reading is a little saccharine at times, which is a little surprising for someone who writes with such supernatural dry ironic wit.  Apparently, perfection on both counts is too much to ask.  On the other hand, the level of dry, ironic wit in his writing is so far above the mean that it would be unjust to expect more from a reader.  Actually, describing Sedaris' wit as dry is pretty much akin to comparing sulfuric acid to Bourdeaux wine.  Ann Magnuson gives a reading performance every bit as good as the author's black humor writing. [Amy Sedaris' work is also wonderful, but any Strangers With Candy fan will expect that as a matter of course.] With the holiday season all but upon us, Holidays on Ice is a perfect antidote for the obligatory flood of Christmas culture.  I simply can't recommend these tapes too strongly and I imagine that the written text is every bit as good. Just exercise extreme care if you drive while they are playing.
0783219172|4.0|&quot;The Frighteners&quot; is one of those little known films that is really quite good and well-made.  Michael Fox plays a ghostbuster who actually is a con man, using his three ghosts to whip up business.  Add the storyline of an executed serial killer and his quest to amass the biggest body count in history, and you have one whale of a story.<br />The special effects are very good, and the suspense is buffered with some black comic moments.  Jeffrey Combs goes delightfully over the top as the FBI agent hell-bent on getting rid of Fox; Trini Alvaredo takes everything so seriously, she's very effective; R. Lee Ermey reprises his &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; sergeant as a deadly ghost; John Astin of &quot;Addams Family&quot; is barely recognized as the jaw-dropping judge; Jeff Dobson is perfectly awful as the hedonistic husband of Alvaredo; Jake Busey is a perfect demented killer; and the delightful Dee Wallace Stone is perfect as the rather twisted suspected conspirator of the aforementioned Busey; and one can't forget Julianna McCarthy (Snapper's mom on &quot;Young and the Restless&quot;) as Stone's seemingly crazed mother.<br />The movie is a lot of fun, but the opening sequence still baffles me.  Dee Wallace Stone runs in terror from a ghost, which is all well and good to start the movie off ferociously, but by the end of the movie, you have to wonder what in the world was going on there?<br />Oh, well, sit back and have a little bit of fun with a very different kind of thriller.
B00004Z459|5.0|I was expecting an extremely angry experience with this album. And in many ways I got it, but the rap aspect of it really surprised me. With the trite-ness of Limp Bizkit, Korn, and a handful of other Metal-Rap bands, I wasn't expecting much. <br />(01) Papercut - With coool guitars to start this track out joined by the rapper (not clear on the names) who has a very decent flow to his music, this is a GOOD song. The rhymes are pretty good throughout as well. {5}<br />(02) One Step Closer - You all know this song don't you? I LOVE this song. It has a good guitar riff with a pretty decent set of lyrics. The first half of the song is somewhat stereotypical &quot;Generation X Noise&quot; but at the halfway point when he starts screaming &quot;SHUTUP!&quot; it's very intense and easy to spaz out to. {4}<br />(03) With You - The rapper starts out this song kinda slow, then it picks up with another good riff on the guitars, and the other singer still has a good scream throughout this song. I love the dub on their voices, too. {4}<br />(04) Points Of Authority - The rapper starts out this song kinda dumb-ly with an awkward rhyme, but the loud singer has a good melodic part while screaming throughout as well. {3}<br />(05) Crawling - The song starts with a loud explosion of guitars with the other singer yelling, and then it slows down so he can sing some soft, melodic verses, before the rapper jumps in with a quick line or two (he seems to have a back seat on this song), before the guitars explode again. The other singer screams, and then it slows down again for some truly beautiful singing. Impressive. {5}<br />(06) Runaway - Another good melodic part by singer #2 and the rapper has a back seat on this song as well. The melody is carried through until the 2 minute mark, where he just starts yelling, with an explosively angry part. {5}<br />(07) By Myself - The rapper takes the forefront on this track with some mediocre rapping, although it progressively gets better over thecourse of the track. The second singer really knows what he's doing here. He holds the melody together through the mid-Loud parts and joins the noise of the guitars through the LOUD parts with a tortured scream. {4}<br />(08) In The End - The second singer has a really great voice, he starts this track out with a quiet, melody, and gradually progresses a little bit louder (he never really screams in this song, and he still sounds awesome!), and he still has a great melody. The rapper has a really good flow in this song. The dub on the rappers voice is awesome too. One of my favorite tracks on the album. {5}<br />(09) A Place For My Head - This song starts out with the rapper doing a great job! The chorus is kinda awkward. The rapper has SKILLZ! He compares with Eminem's speed in this song. And then it gets loud with the second singer going crazy. Good song. {4}<br />(10) Forgotten - Uh oh. Limp Bizkit flashback. Fortunately, the song gets somewhat better. The rapper does an overall good job in this song, despite sounding like Fred (retch!). It's an ok song. {3}<br />(11) Cure For The Itch - Hm. This song starts wierd, with a wierd sample, and some other wierd samples. The instrumental part is very, very cool though. (It reminds me a lil bit of Aphex Twin.) {4}<br />(12) Pushing Me Away - The second singer has a good melodic part of this song. He really has a great voice. The lyrics are surprisingly well written as well. The rapper has a back seat on this one again, but when he is there, he does a pretty good job. {5}<br />This is a great CD. If you like loud stuff, or if you like melodic stuff and can tolerate loud stuff, you should definitely get this CD. NOW.
0064407667|5.0|&quot;The Bad Beginning&quot;, by Lemony Snicket, is a great book on three very unlucky children.<br />Violet, Krause, and Sunny are horrified to find that their parents have died and that they are left orphans. They inherit the Baudlaire fortune, however, and, as their parents wished, they are sent to live with a distant cousin.<br />Once at Count Olaf's grimy home, they are even more in despair, especially when he is terribly cruel and plots to steal their fortune. What can these clever children do to save themselves?<br />This was an entertaining, humorous book that grabs you as soon as you read the title! Be sure to read the others in the series (&quot;The Reptile Room&quot;, etc.) and I'm sure you'd also enjoy the popular &quot;Harry Potter&quot; books, about another unlucky boy, filled with more British humor.
0446677450|3.0|I have now read Rich Dad, Poor Dad and The Cashflow Quadrant.  Both books inspired me greatly, but also left me with a some doubts as to the author's story.<br />1) Is he really wealthy?  Does he really have all that he talks about?  For example, he mentions a multi-national company a few times, but if it's so great, what doesn't he tell us its name?<br />2) With the advise from his 'rich' dad filling his head for all those years, why did he make such a bad decision in purchasing an investment property (a condo) at age 27?  It sounds like this was his first one - I'd a thought that he would have hustled much earlier than 27...<br />3) Again, with all of his wisdom imparted from his 'rich' dad, why was he broke and sleeping in his car in his mid 40's?  Where were all of his investments then?  (Couldn't he sleep in one of his apartment buildings...?)<br />I must say that I did enjoy reading his book.  However, I don't think that it provides much sound advise, only strong encouragement.  Personally, I think that he's discovered about wealth building the same thing that others have discovered about the lottery - the best way to get rich off of it is to invent a half-baked scheme and sell it to others in bulk...  Maybe I should do the same...
B0000009SI|5.0|I'm not the normal Frank Zappa fan. The Apostrophe/Overnite Sensation CD (two albums on one CD!) was the first FZ albumn that I listened to. It simply blew me off my feet. Memorable tunes, blazing guitar work, hilarious lyrics, elements of jazz - in my opinion, as a rock album(s), it has few peers. Plus Jack Bruce (ex-Cream) plays solid bass on Apostrophe.    But as I said I'm not the normal Zappa fan. After hearing these two albums, I've thirsted to listen their like from Zappa - but always been disappointed - a few of his other albums that I bought - We're only in it for the money, Hot Rats, Shiek Yerbouti - I've not listened to them again after the initial playing. Some have told me that these actually are the quintessential Zappa albums and not Apostrophe/Overnite Sensation which are just Zappa's experimentations with Pop - maybe - but for me these two will always remain among the best albums I've heard.    ps : i'm revisiting this review after five years! found another couple of zappa gems : roxy and elsewhere and one size fits all. if you liked apostrophe, you're likely to love the above two as well as overnite sensation.
B00000IAU3|5.0|amazing. if i had to put it into one word, thats it. i always listen to rap music, never once have i listened to another genere of music in depth like this. a few of my friends have introduced me to her and i was like wow shes really good. when i heard a track called &quot;thank you&quot;, i knew that eminem had sampled it for a track on his album called &quot;stan&quot;. and thanks to dido, that song is probably his most popular song to date. but thats not all shes worth let me tell you. her voice &amp; inspirational lyrics will bring up comparisons to artists like Sarah McLachlin, The Cranberries, and other soul artists, but she has a certain edge to her that will keep her ahead, mystery.<br />the theme from roswell is also on here, and none of the songs are lame. not convinced yet? well then pick up the album and become convinced because she will take you away, like she did to me.
B000002NHN|5.0|First, by way of a disclaimer, I would like to be able to claim that I have in fact been a fan of Loreena McKennitt right from the beginning of her long and illustrious career, but alas! The sad truth is that I only discovered her a few short years ago thanks to a friend who had her \\"The Visit\\" CD playing in his SUV when he picked me up for lunch. Needless to say, I was blown away by what I heard as we tooled down the snowy streets of Cambridge past the ivied halls of Harvard on our way to a local spaghetti place. Having already become a confirmed fan of Celtic music with Irish artists like Van Morrison and Clannad, I quickly bought all of her CDs, and as a result have come to admire her work a great deal. Needless to say, this particular album, \\"The Book Of Secrets\\",is a personal favorite.<br />Her voice is hard to describe, other than to say it has a haunting, ethereal quality that is the perfect vehicle for her wide-ranging compositions and arrangements. It is hard to classify her work, because it does encompass quite arrange of different genres. It is safe to say that she draws from an amazingly rich store of different kinds of traditional music, and seems to breathe her won unifying force in delivering them in a manner that is at once both traditional and innovative. Thus, from the opening strains of the \\"Prologue\\"  through the mystical treatment of \\"Marco Polo \\" to the ending sounds of  \\"Dante's Prayer\\", the work seems to thread itself together seamlessly, even though the sources for the individual songs is often quite different. The only way to properly appreciate her wondrous abilities is to experience them. Otherwise, I feel like the guy trying to convince his lady friend to take her first roller-coaster ride. You have to explode down all the way from the top of the edifice to understand the rush. So it is with our lady Loreena. Buy it and get ready for the rush!
B00003CX7L|5.0|I bought this movie for my 5 year old son (and me!) the day it came out and we have watched it at least 5 times so far.  It is great!! I can't say how wonderful it is to watch a movie that is perfect for kids and that adults can sit through and laugh like crazy too.  There are too many good things about this movie to even put down here, just get it and if you don't have kids, get it anyway, it is truly entertaining.  <br />Bring on Toy Story 3!
6302881005|3.0|INDECENT PROPOSAL is one of those formularized, supposedly heartfelt movies told in one mess of a tale. It starts off with a couple (Demi Moore and Woody Harrelson) struggling to make ends meet and just as they are about to drown in debt, they hit the jackpot in Vegas and then lose all their winnings again. As they are about to hit rock bottom, Robert Redford, a multi-billionaire, comes into their lives to give them a chance to get one million dollars. The catch: Redford &quot;borrow&quot; Woody's wife for one night. They agree, but this of course changes the course of their relationship forever. Woody Harrelson is truly miscast in a role too serious for him, making some scenes unintentionally funny. Yet the other two leads help keep this vechicle interesting. Despite the limited success of the script, it remains as a flawed but ambitious work.
B00004XPQL|4.0|this movie has you on the edge of your seat just up until the end when it becomes drawn out like most flicks. but i can safely say final destination will make you think and (worry) about your own fate and what lifes secrets really may be. the effects were spectacular, the plane crash scene was about the most horriffic, realistic scene of any movie ever made, and i personnely will never be bording a plane in this life time. the story was very original almost up until the end, and had one very unexpected scene that made me cringe, (i wont give it away), but trust me you will not be dissapointed and most likely you will jump out of your seat or atleast let out some type of unsettling noise. see this movie just be prepared to be a little bit dissapointed with the ending, but the ending does give you the final answer to the riddle.
B000001FXV|5.0|I enjoy this superb performance very much.  The crowd is receptive and lively.  The band is playing tight but loose raggae in a way that only pioneers of the sound are able.  Bob Marley is in fine form.  He is responsive to the energy of the audience.  I find his ironic music engaging with its bouncy rhythms supporting serious, sometimes disturbing, lyrical content.  If you have an interest in the music of Bob Marley from the early seventies, this CD will be interesting to you
0452281881|5.0|Hand on my heart, it's been a long time since I have read anything quite as amusing as this splendid dbut novel by Matt Beaumont. As a wannabe novelist myself, still awaiting my first break, and as a fan of the epistolary genre, I could kick myself that I did not think first of this splendid idea for a novel myself. Namely: a book written entirely in e-mails amongst the staff of an advertising agency in London, weaving a tale of intrigue, sexuality, back-stabbing, hypocrisy and office politics.<br />Without giving too much away, &quot;E&quot; is about three weeks inside an advertising agency trying to land a lucrative deal with *Coca-Cola*. But there is much more to it than this. Beaumont gives each secretary, each copywriter, each creative and each manager a really lifelike personality, with their own ways of writing, making each character immediately recognisable both within the novel and in the real life that we live in. We've all met a Simon Horne or a Pinki Fallon in our lives. The medium in which Beaumont has chosen to write his novel admirably and successfully emphasises the constant back-stabbing and twofacedness that takes place on an hourly basis. The speed at which e-mail travels makes the whole experience seem more real and dynamic.<br />Of course, we are not talking about brilliant writing here... in order to make the novel seem more lifelike, the e-mail writers are given their own idiosyncrasies, and occasionally there are intentional misspellings. It makes the novel seem more authentic. What is brilliant is the story itself as it unravels before us, the snowballing lies, the outrageous behaviour.<br />&quot;E&quot; has put the E back in e-pistolary. When we consider other novels of this ancient genre, we can appreciate that because of the speed of which e-mails and the gossip hidden within travels, Matt Beaumont's tale is more dynamic than those often sluggish letter-filled works of times past. Anyone who works in an online office environment, particularly if the office has a new-media slant, will love this book. But, to be honest, there is not a single person on this planet to whom I could not wholeheartedly recommend it. Bravo Matt Beaumont. You will go far! Roll on novel number two! <br />TRISTN WHITE, London
B00004ZB9D|5.0|A Lenny Kravitz greatest hits album?  How can you go wrong?  If you like rock, or funk music, you'll love this album.  We're not talking heavy metal rock here - we're talking rock with a melody and a beat.  Just great music!<br />My disappointment on the album comes only in the new track 'Again'.  Yes, it's a catchy, fun song.  BUT - I also noticed that the melody of the chorus is lifted directly from Prince's Wherever U Go, Whatever U Do (from Rave Un2 The Joy Fantastic).  Even the key is the same!  I know Prince has tremendously influenced Lenny, but this is a little too obvious.<br />Anyway, the album is still highly recommended!
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|i went to see this movie yesterday and bought the soundtrack immediately.  all i can say that this movie HAS to be seen--it is an amazing mixture of elation, music, rhythm and intense sadness, with amazing acting and singing by bjork.  she must be one of the most innovative voices in music today, mixing basic rhythms with lush orchestral arrangements (check out her last 2 amazing cd's) and beautiful melodies.  make sure you see the movie first (you will not be sorry)!!!
6305622825|3.0|Entrapment is one of the greatest action movies I have seen in a long while.  It's really too bad that that's really all that it is. The countless suspenseful scenes, and pulse-quickening action is so plentiful, that this movie has very little actual plot.  The plot that is there is shaky, and difficult to comprehend. Personally, it sounds like any other &quot;world domination&quot; story that is so oft repeated in Hollywood, but maybe I'm wrong. Anyway, the romantic subplot is far from romantic, and is very disjointed from the rest of the story. With the plot depth of an episode of The Flintstones, and the romance of an infomercial, this film is not really worth seeing unless you're craving a lot of action. (I must admit I WAS on the edge of my seat a few times.)
B00004Y7SF|3.0|well I don't know about you guys, and how you define a Christmas album. But Christina's Christmas album just lacks the spirit of christmas,I mean a christmas album should put you in the mood for christmas right??? but this CD is just like a normal POP ALBUM...but there are some good songs in this album like, These Are The Special Times...and I didn't really like her version of O Holy Night, dunno why but Mariah Carey and Barry White's versions are the best ones that I've ever heard...And Christina just screams...i mean wats up with  that?? well all i can say is if u want a really classic christmas album, that puts u in the christmas spirit...get Celine Dion's and Mariah Carey's christmas album....well christina ur x-mas album is not that bad,but its still not good!!!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Christina Aguilera really amazed me when I popped her holiday CD into my CD player. Never like I've ever heard her before. As of all you fans that are complaining, that this album doesn't have a Christina Aguilera touch or feel in it, you need to listen much more carefully. Her vocal ability has grown and it's phenomenal. She made it clear from the very start that she wanted to be different. If you are a fan, and haven't thought about buying it or haven't bought it, then you should be ashamed of yourselves! My favorite tracks are probably Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas, Angels We've Heard On High and The Christmas Song. Merry Christmas Baby and Oh Holy Night make great additions too. I don't care what anyone else is saying about this album but I figure this will be the holiday album of the millennium!
B00003CXAT|5.0|To finally own the DVD version of this wondrous movie is cinema nirvana. As might be expected, the DVD format has added something the VHS version could never match, the wonderful DVD picture resolution, and the digital soundtrack.<br />Attempting to add just another movie review would be facetious. What does stand out, other than the fact that the movie is even greater in the DVD format, is the wonderful bonus material that comes on the disk, especially the featurette on how it was made.<br />When I first saw this movie I didn't have to suspend belief to watch it. It seemed like real life. That's what Spielberg wanted and that is what I gave him. Little did I know how it was accomplished, and until I watched &quot;The Making Of Jurassic Park&quot; on this disk, I didn't fully appreciate just how much of a breathrough this movie was. It just literally boggles the mind how much had to be done, much of it new and totally untried, to finally get this movie &quot;in the can&quot;. <br />I sat through &quot;The Making...&quot; for over an hour, totally engrossed in the logistics involved. To see the blending of stop action and computer generated images, and how it was done so seamlessly was a real mind-blower. To realize just how many people it took to put all this together, and how easy it all looked, almost upstaged the movie itself.<br />If you are new to the DVD version of this movie, I would strongly urge you to watch &quot;The Making Of Jurassic Park&quot; first. Now that I have seen both it and the actual movie, I wish I had done it that way. Now I have to go back and watch the movie again, which I had (of course) planned to do many times anyway.<br />Finally the DVD! It is very well worth the wait!
B00004YKUX|5.0|I've waited years to see this dream realized and it is as wonderful a blessing to mankind as I could have ever hoped!<br />Johnny Cash and Nick Cave - The Mercy Seat<br />Although the entire album is superb, I believe &quot;The Mercy Seat&quot; to be the most powerful song Johnny Cash has ever recorded. The vocal delivery of the two men are incredibly similar and Cave's lyrics are more Cash than Cash! A perfect pairing that I hope won't end with this album...<br />Oooh... to hear/see Cash sing with The Bad Seeds!
B00004XOWM|5.0|Yes alot of people hate fred durst.  There are also alot of people who think he is an excellent muscian.  I am one of them.  They have changed there music alot from there first album.  When Significant Other was release their music was more put together than thier previous album, but thier songs werent as serious as Korn's songs.  Thier new one is a great achievment.  They geat more serious with music that makes u want stand up a scream because this album is full of adrenaline.  They also add some rap songs wich give it a nice glossy finish.  This is a tight cd.
0743200748|4.0|I picked up this book in the airport as I headed off for a 4 hour flight. I knew that given  its author it would be an interesting &quot;quick read&quot;. I had enjoyed many other books by  Ambrose and looked forward to another.<br />In this short compilation Ambrose explores the relationships between men as &quot;brothers,  fathers, heroes, sons and pals&quot;. Similar to his other works, this book examines its topics  through the lives of specific people -- Ambrose himself, his father and brothers, and others  he has met or researched. What emerges is a theme of loyalty, fealty and connection that is  unique and binding.<br />True to my estimation this book was enjoyable and easy to read. Ambrose draws few  conclusions but rather allows the reader to discover the simultaneous complexity and  simplicity of these disparate relationships.<br />In an age where pop psychologists diagnose and prescribe broad generalisms about gender and  relationships it is nice to find someone who appreciates men for who and what they are. I  look forward to Ambrose's next work.
B00004UEDQ|5.0|I say the fluff of the film is the portrayal of the rehab clinic - there is no rehab clinic like that anywhere that I know of at all. However, the portrayal of the situation and the people, especially the humor AND the seriousness IS realistic.  Sandra is a true recovering addict, with the downfalls and the wit.
0062502182|2.0|I found this short book disappointing. Although it was at times suspenseful, and there were some insightful moments, it was quite heavy-handed and condescending. The writing (a translation of course) is repetitive and feels like it was destined for someone who doesn't speak English very well. There are few characters, and they are not very well developed. If you like modern stories that don't preach or mention destiny, love, and courage every other paragraph, this book isn't for you.
B00001SIES|4.0|It's not so simple to write a debut that doesn't feel like something you've already heard. What does meke the difference anyway? That feeling of expressive power that makes you say &quot;here is somebody that has something new to say&quot; they can bacome big. I think  for Muse this is the case, so with Radiohead in lack of inspiration (heard Kid A?) let's try it!
B00004T9UF|3.0|a couple good songs.  im not a big fan of eminem though.  i like it when he is serious in his songs such as marshall mathers, stan, way i am etc.  he starts to get really annoying in songs like the real slim shady.  Overall it is still better then his last album wich was trash.
6300216268|5.0|THE LATE 60'S AND EARLY SEVENTIES WAS A GREAT TIME FOR FILM. WE STARTED SEEING NEW APPROACHES AND DIFFERENT IDEAS. HAROLD AND MAUDE IS A PERFECT EXAMPLE OF THIS. ITS BETTER SEEING IT WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE ANY IDEA OF WHAT IT'S ABOUT. IF YOU HATED &quot;YOU'VE GOT MAIL&quot; YOU MIGHT LIKE THIS.
B00004XOWM|3.0|limp bizkit is a band that makes catchy songs that get stuck in your head. and thats it. this album is not as good as the hype made it out to be. it starts off good but then dies off at the end.
B00004ZB9D|4.0|When retro-rocker Lenny Kravitz released his first album 11 years ago, he was better known as the husband of Lisa Bonet, comely co-star of &quot;The Cosby Show.&quot;<br />After five albums and two Grammy Awards, he has managed to carve out his own identity as a musician, albeit one who proudly proclaims his classic rock influences.<br />Now with the holiday shopping season approaching, his Virgin Records label has released a hits compilation featuring one new tune, &quot;Again,&quot; and 14 old tracks. &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; debuted at No. 2 on the latest U.S. album charts, a career best for Kravitz, selling an impressive 163,000 copies.<br />But it at least offered him the opportunity to make a video for &quot;Again,&quot; in which he bares his buttocks and finds himself torn between actress Gina Gershon and Tommy Hilfiger model Theresa Lourenco.<br />At any rate, Kravitz has other things on his mind. He has cut several tracks for his next album, which should be ready by the end of 2001. &quot;Again&quot; was one of those tracks, but he decided to release it separately, deciding it didn't fit in with the album's tone. As with all his albums, Kravitz is producing himself and playing most of the instruments.<br />True to its name, &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; boasts such tunes as &quot;Let Love Rule,&quot; the title track from his 1989 debut album; the soulful &quot;It Ain't Over Til It's Over&quot; from his 1991 breakthrough &quot;Mama Said&quot;; and the crunchy 1993 anthem &quot;Are You Gonna Go My Way.&quot;<br />Also included are &quot;Fly Away&quot; and his cover of the Guess Who's &quot;American Woman.&quot; Both were huge hits, both won Grammys and both were throwaway tracks. The former showcased his flair for facile lyrics -- &quot;I wish that I could fly/into the sky/so very high/just like a dragonfly...&quot;<br />He tries to apply Bob Marley's sentiments to his own life. The best advice Kravitz received from his many rock star pals was former Led Zeppelin singer Robert Plant's admonition &quot;just to take it light, man ... For a time, you start to take it seriously and what not, but you can't.&quot;<br />Soulful and sexy, a great addition to compilation collections.n singer Robert Plant's admonition &quot;just to take it light, man ... For a time, you start to take it seriously and what not, but you can't.&quot; <br />Soulful and sexy, a great addition to compilation collections.
B00004T9UF|5.0|It's hard to believe that this young man can hit a real social chord in a guy that is 47..I find the pathos in his lyrics and straight on voice to be quite a refection of today's misplaced young people. He has poetry and humor, and assaulting obscenity. I don't think the man could be too over rated, though a steady diet of &quot;Slim&quot; would be too much for me!He is real! At least from my perspective.
0679879269|5.0|This book, is, without doubt, the single greatest literary experience that I have had the privelage to partake in. The first novels in Pullman's trilogy were wonderful of course, but nothing prepared me for The Amber Spyglass. The story itself is a heart-wrenching epic and perfectly closes the greatest trilogy ever concieved, with this book being the pinnacle of that effort. I cannot put into words the emotions I feel at this moment, having just turned over the last page an hour ago. My fear is that this book shall be over looked as child's fair, but I will tell you that I am a seventeen year old, cynical American boy, and this book has marked me more than any other piece of literature that I have ever read. The characters have become so tangible to me over the course of this trilogy that (warning, cliche ahead)I literaly felt like I was walking just behind Lyra and Will on their quest. Pullman has drawn upon the philosophies of Milton and the character development of Tolkien to bring us the most gripping fantasy ever written. Yet the term fantasy should not be labeled upon this trilogy, because it is so much more than just escapism entertainment, it is life affirming as well as thought provoking. Listen to me lavish praise on this book, it IS that good. Lyra, Will, Ms. Coulter, Lord Asriel, Iorek, Balthamos and the wheeled creatures are the most beautifully concieved characters I've ever come across, except for maybe Harry Potter and Hermione Granger (you guessed it right, that's a tinge of sarcasm on my typing fingers). I hate even putting the two in the same sentence but the fact that Harry Potter will sell more copies than these books just reveals that our civilization is going to hell in a hand-basket. My eyes are closing and my neck is aching from my long nights with this book, and I feel an empty feeling now that this experince, like all good things, has come to an end. I have never been moved by any single thing in my life to the point of crying, but the final pages of this book accomplished that feat. Everyone should go out and purchase this book as a favor to themselves (and their daemons), people must experience the magic of this novel so that I can sleep well at night.<br />You will not read a better story for a long long time.<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
B00004XOWM|5.0|For those of you who think that every verse in every song has to have a meaning to it then you won't like this CD. But for those of you like me who can just appreciate something that sounds awesomwe then you'll love this CD. Songs like Full Nelson,Livin' It Up,Getcha Groove On,and It'll be Ok are better than anything Bizkit or any other rock band has ever done. I didn't buy this CD to analyze Fred's words. I just bought it because rocked!! So for all of you out there who just don't get it then you can kiss my starfish my chocolate starfish!!!
0790729989|4.0|Knowing now where David Fincher's mind comes from after linking this movie with his amateur attempt within the &quot;Alien&quot; family, the interesting but one-view (only watchable once without knowing the entire storyline) &quot;The Game&quot;, and his disturbing &quot;Fight Club&quot; release last year, &quot;Seven&quot; currently has to be his one and only really provocative movie... &quot;Seven&quot; keeps one glued to the seat and makes one re-review certain portions of the movie to re-interpret storyline and director focal points...<br />In the end, Fincher appears to be a good director for one-view type movies. If he is able to make a step-up to the level of Sophmore director/writer M.Night such as his &quot;The 6th Sense&quot; which one can view over and over, similar to Lyne's &quot;Fatal Attraction&quot;, to find hidden parts, he will succeed as a great director. If not, he will recreate the same movie over and over, and &quot;Seven&quot; will creat all future shadows for his movies to fall under.<br />Disc would be better as a dual-layer, one-sided release, so that it can be viewed without changing sides...
B00004Z459|5.0|This is one of the best CD's ever. Linkin Park has pretty much created their own unique blend of music. With two vocalists, you would think things would be kind of weird, not so. With one person rapping, and the other singing it creates a unique blend that few groups can pull off. With the Samplers and DJ's it makes some pretty cool sounds that tend to unite other parts of the song. The powerful guitars are used extremely well to shape songs impression.<br />Now the Break Down of the CD.<br />Songs 1, 2, 3, 4 are all awesome. There isn't a note I would change in any of the songs.<br />Songs 5 and 6 are pretty good too, but there not much of a comparison to other songs on the CD.<br />Songs 7, 8, and 9 have more rapping than the other songs, which is great if your into that type of thang. But me, I like the heavier stuff, so these songs didn't really appeal to me as much as the others, even though they are still great songs.<br />Song 10. My ABSOLUTE FAVORITE! <br />Song 11. It's not really much of a song just a thing the group threw in there for fun.<br />Song 12. Great song, read what I said for 5 and 6.<br />Overall I love this CD, and for the price, It's an great buy
B0000507UD|4.0|This is a great CD.  I love everysong on it, especially full nelson which is so old school limp bizkit it sounds like it came from 3$ bill.  Most of the other songs are hardcore, but not like 3$ which is my favorite LB Cd.  This is deffenently worth the money, especially if u like heavy metal, punk, and rap.  Buy this Cd. . .
0807126063|5.0|I have been reading all of the reviews, and I must say...I did not expect there to be so much controversy surrounding this book.  It seems that people either love it or hate it; I didn't see the words like and dislike used much.  I happened to be one of those who loved it.  The characters are colorful and memorable.  It seems to me that a person who can read into things would appreciate this book more.  I think that much of the humor is merely Toole's commentary on societal faults.  If you laugh, you are laughing at our, American society...which is often quite funny.  If you haven't read this, you should definitely give it a try.  At least then you can choose your side of the war.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This is one CD I'm looking forward to owning.  Yes, we have everything The Beatles released (on CD, tape and vinyl) already, but this is one CD I can pop into the player at work and hear many of my favorites.  I don't have to bring 7 CDs to listen to these songs, and I don't have to mix my own CD or tape to hear 80 minutes of the songs I grew up with.No, it's far fom the definitive Beatles CD, but it will be enjoyable none the less.
0156528207|5.0|To me this book is best appreciated by a mature adult. I first read it when I was 8 or 9..in Thai. I think I was attracted to it mainly by the drawings inside. I finished only 2 chapters and thought it was no fun. About 20+ years later, I picked it up again and was very glad I did. I much more got the essence of the book. Can deeply (if not fully) understand the underlying messages. I really like the philosophy presented there. It's an amazing feeling how life experience enables one to understand these things. <br />I also like the warm and touching feel  around the Little Prince, even though the story ends with sadness.<br />The character on each planet always left me with something to really think about or someone to relate to in real life. And..boy, I like that.
B0000508U6|5.0|It's rare that I will like an album on first playing, but Parachutes is one such recording.  I guess it reminds me of Radiohead's early days.  Chris Martin's voice can often be mournful, but I can't help but feel uplifted and relaxed by such melancholy.  Combined with a sweet harmonious guitar, this is a winning formula.  It certainly helps break my writing block and gets the creative juices going.  It's just the kind of Indie rock that lights up my life.
B00004S367|4.0|Stevie Wonder's &quot;Music OF My Mind&quot; was his first LP released under his revised contract with Motown, which enabled him a greater artistic freedom that produced some of the most widely acclaimed, innovative and inspired moments of the 1970s. <br />This album shows Wonder employing new technology to shape the music, creating the equivalent of a synth orchestra via overdubbing on many tracks (most notably the second part of the album's highlight &quot;Superwoman&quot;), whilst also beginning to utilise the talk-box on &quot;Love Having You Around&quot; and the Clavinet on tracks such as &quot;Happier Than The Morning Sun&quot; and &quot;Keep On Running&quot;. With the exeption of a excellent guitar contribution on &quot;Superwoman&quot; and a (forgetable) trombone solo on &quot;Love Having You Around&quot;, Wonder provides his own band using overdubs, the results are groundbreaking.<br />Although some tracks are not worthy of inclusion (&quot;Girl Blue&quot;, &quot;Sweet Little Girl&quot;, &quot;Keep On Running&quot;), this album is at least worth hearing as an interesting comparison/prototype for Stevie Wonder's later innovations.
0451191153|5.0|Ayn Rand, much like she did in the novellete &quot;Anthem&quot;, has said very much in very few words about many things. Other than the normal egotism and objectivism portrayed in her other works, the fountainead goes deeper into the realm of, at least I think, organized religion at its roots. More than that, but I think that Ellsworth, Keathing, Guy Francon and the majority represent the &quot;church&quot; of archietecture, and Howard Roark represents the new thinker, the &quot;agnostic&quot; in a sense. Remember, the Roman Catholic Church did not acknoledge that the geocentric view of the universe was correct until the 70s! Organized religion and groups as a whole will always be hate-filled about new ideas, they wish to maintain conformity. Ayn Rand says very much in this novel, and I dont see how anyone can see that this is bad writting, unless they just dont like Ayn Rand's philosophy.
B00004Z459|5.0|in the age of the rap - rock phenomenon, Its hard to separate the real rock from the fake, bloated out commercialism that has killed this &quot;new&quot; genre of music. Suspectingly enough, it seems that linkin park would fall into the limp bizkit/korn/etc. category. However, these guys do a very impressive job on their first effort. First of all, the two vocalists on this album help lead a talented rhythm section and a hell of a dj. The lyrics are very upfront and heartfelt, and i don't think i heard anyone curse once, which does not at all take away from this album, It shows that you don't have to use profane language to sell records. This album is a great mix of hip hop, metal, and techno, and should not be looked over. If you are a fan of metal and hip hop, and are sick of limp bizkit, pick this album up, you will not be dissapointed.
6305922756|5.0|SPINAL TAP<br />My good friend and fellow movie geek Brian picked up a copy of the much sought after Criterion Collection version of this film, the immortal Spinal Tap, a few days before the blasted thing was ripped from the retailers shelves due to legal mumbo-jumbo. I could have killed him, I coveted that DVD for so long, so many sleepless nights, wanting it to be mine, all mine! And now, much to his chagrin, I can own the EXACT SAME THING, if not a better version for a fraction of what that rare copy cost. Sure, the now out-of-print Criterion version might be worth a ton of dough in the future, but, hey, I want the movie for the MOVIE. And this very special edition delivers the goods.<br />The hours of extras, the photo gallery, the videos, and THE COMMENTARY that has Guest and crew in their Tap roles commenting on the terrible depiction of the band as idiots without a clue, when they are so much more than that. It is hilarious and an excellent companion to a film that needs nothing to help it earn its place as a comedy classic.<br />Yes, Spinal Tap, the first true &quot;mockumentary&quot; is a wonderful piece of filmmaking. It is funny and it ROCKS.<br />If you have never seen this film, pick it up right away. This version is worth it, and the price is extra nice.
B00004X01U|1.0|Ray Of Light, this is not.  I am disappointed with this there is not one song here that I like.  Please, don't waste your money.  Madonna, you could have done better.  I don't want to be taken back to the eighties and reminded of the early nineties and I escepially don't like Niki Harris and Donna Delory those two are tasteless and talentless.  Move forward, move ahead, move in the direction of the year 2000.  At least with Ray Of Light you have genuine lyrical class and it's worth the time to listen to.
B00004U3UG|4.0|ARMY OF DARKNESS: LIMITED EDITION DIRECTOR'S CUT<br />I wrote a review of EVIL DEAD and EVIL DEAD II that for one reason or another was not included in their review lists. SO I begin again on the third and final installment of the triology O' Raimi, ARMY OF DARKNESS.<br />Nice packaging. Clear Picture. A funny commentary (common of all the Evil Dead DVDs). Anchor Bay continues to be one of the best providers of DVDs in the field.<br />As for the film itself, I like it, though I think it is the weakest link in the trilogy. It is campier, meant to be screwball, Three Stooges. It is funny. It is not unlike the Three Stooges. It is fine, just not up to par with the others.<br />So, Buy EVIL DEAD, EVIL DEAD II and THEN purchase ARMY OF DARKNESS. It will make you feel better, trust me
B00004U3UG|1.0|The only reason I gave it 1 star is because they don't have a negative setting. This must be the worst movie I have ever seen. In fact I could'nt watch the whole thing. I bought this movie on a recommendation from a friend, now I know it was a joke. I watched about 10 mins, stopped the movie, took the DVD out, and throw it in the trash! So if you want to waste your time and money buy this movie.
B000002UAU|5.0|This was the first Beatles disc I ever heard, just a few months ago, around my 13 birthday, and it blew me away! The disc is just so perfect, nothing can describe it. No album before or since has been so influencial as Sgt Peppers, and the only band that could recapture the magic of it was The Beatles themselves.<br />Starting off with the amazing title track, which leads into the classic 'A little help from my friends' Sgt. Peppers proves, at once, that it will not be silenced. <br />From there, it progresses the groundbreaking 'Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds', and then offers the great sing-a-long tune 'Getting Better'.<br />'Fixing a Hole' is another great song, and 'She's Leaving Home', my favorite song on the album, is such a classic, it's pointless to try and describe it.<br />'Being for the benefit of Mr. Kite&quot; is different, very memorable, good stuff. <br />'Within You Without You' is one of George Harrison's stongest songs, slowly progressing at an epic pace. <br />'When I'm sixty-four' is simple and charming, the kind of song you can really relate to and love. <br />'Lovly Rita' and 'Good Morning Good Moring' are both pretty weird, but in a good way. <br />The Sgt. Peppers reprise helps one get one out of a Sgt. Peppers state of mind. <br />The last song, 'A day in the life' is a slowly moving masterpiece. <br />The Beatles greatest album ever is a stong album, worthy of every hornor in the music industry, and it continues to win new fans over 30 years since it's release.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|I like movies that do with cars and stuff, but I was hoping for it not to be so long and it was a little too long, because it could be easily limited to 1 hour, but dont get me wrong, it's a tight- a** movie.
B00003BDXG|1.0|I want to see this movie, but how? The DVD version has problems, it was wrong done. Too bad...
B00004TL21|5.0|White Pony is perfection! If you've never liked the Deftones give it a whirl you'll love it. Everyone compares  this band to the Rapcore dominants of '98 &amp; '99 Limp bizkit and co. But, you must remember Deftones preceded all those others they set the stage and the mark by which all others would be measured. Still none measure up and once again they're on the cutting edge. This album is bold and daring. It tiptoes on the fringe of insanity only to gentley place you back in your chair, with only a couple of bruises you never had so much fun getting.<br />I knew Big Bird and Snuffelluffagas were potheads and this album proves it. While on one hand its dark, sinister riffs and melodic vocs. make you want to shower. The other hand remains what the Deftones have always done ridden you hard and put you away wet. You will love this album, definately top 5.
B000002U8G|5.0|Anyone who has heard 'Echoes' (all of side 2 on the original LP) knows what a transcendent journey it inspires.  <br />The repeating themes in this extended composition are as moving as many of my favorite classical pieces.  Play it in a quiet, dark room and see what I mean.
B0000027RL|5.0|&quot;Ten&quot; takes me to a different place. A place where the music and the artists that made it did not cave to the genre of the day. The grunge movement epitomizes that care-free attitude and Pearl Jam was at the forefront. Much more than &quot;Just a Movement,&quot; this album, in particular, transcends most, if not all, of what a movement is supposed to accomplish. <br />I'll never forget the first time I heard this album I hated it. Jeremy was the first song I liked so I listened more. Then, there was Alive and before I knew it I loved the entire album. Until this very day the melodic sounds and passionate sounds of this album takes me back to one of the best years of my life.
0684859106|4.0|I bought this book primarily because it has a few &quot;big pan&quot; recipes for brownies and bar cookies -- I get tired of doubling recipes and baking in two pans when I need to make a lot of them.  So I got just what I asked for, and those recipes are quite good.  Comparing the basic cake recipes to basic cakes in other books, they don't seem all that different, and no doubt don't taste any different, either.  So go ahead and buy it if you need these recipes, but if you're satisfied with the chocolate, butter, or white cakes you already make, you won't get any revelations here.
B000002KBH|5.0|Every month MOJO (in my humble opinion, the finest music magazine in the known universe) publishes a short column titled &quot;All Back to My Place&quot;, in which they ask three celebrities the same set of questions about their musical tastes.  Their last two questions are always &quot;What is you favourite Saturday night record?&quot; and &quot;And your Sunday morning record?&quot;.<br />I often fantasize about how I would answer their questions, should I ever get the opportunity.  While my Saturday night albums tend toward the likes of &quot;Rock and Roll Animal&quot; by Lou Reed, my Sunday morning album short list always includes &quot;American Beauty&quot;.  The subject matter may not be Christian, but &quot;Attics of My Mind&quot; is far and away the most beautiful hymn I have ever heard.  This is gospel music at its soul searing finest.
0684853523|3.0|I, myself, am interested in writing.  I have ready many books about &quot;the craft&quot; such as &quot;Bird by Bird&quot; and the like.  I picked up King's book due to the fact that it seemed both entertaining and informative.  <br />The beginning of the book filled my expectations while the actual content dealing with writing completely let me down.  The first few chapters narrate King's life as a child and an aspiring writer.  He uses the same devices that he employs in his novels to make the story of his life both interesting and entertaining.  The second half, dealing with storywriting as a craft, was a complete bore.  It didn't teach me anything more than intuition couldn't and it felt as if he repeatedly expressed scepticism at the potential of his readers in writing.<br />In conclusion this is a great book if you wish to read a Stephen King autobiography but otherwise let this one go.
0399146253|5.0|I just finshed reading The Last Precinct. If I could I would rate this book ten STARS. I could not put this book down I just kept reading But I didn't want to finsh it either. It made me smile, laugh, cry. It took my breath when she got that phone call in the morgue and I cried, if your reading this review and you've read the book then you know which phone call I mean. Please Patricia Daniels Cornwell Bring Him Back In You next Book. Please. There is a way to do it.~smiles~ to you      Patricia Daniels Cornwell. I Love Your Books All of them. They are the best. Your the Best. Aline C. Estes
B0000024LN|5.0|THIS IS QUITE SIMPLY ONE OF THE MOST INCREDIBLE LYRICAL ALBUMS IN EXISTENCE <br />That is - if anything - an understatement. Personally, I think it is the best lyrical album ever. <br />Redman has gradually evolved into a rhyming genius. He has the outstandingly rare ability to successfuly manipulate words, comic metaphors, and rhymes, as well as ideas to make listeners both LAUGH AND WONDER.... AT THE SAME TIME!!  And sometimes even within the space of just one verse or line! The key to appreciating Red's work was always to LISTEN CAREFULY, and it still is.  You only have to listen to this album to sample the evidence.<br />Red's talent was something that we maybe all suspected since we first heard him spit, but it would only ever come out at selcted moments. He would maybe drop a verse that would - at first - leave you stunned and hitting re-wind, but later actually make you THINK about it's meaning. Verses that you cannot stop reciting in your head for weeks on end. <br />Can you relate? If you have heard this album then I'm positive you can, but if not and you can still feel what I'm saying, then prepare to be BLOWN AWAY when you hear the lyrics on this. The album is composed of witty metaphors, expertly put together rhymes, one-liners that will leave you re-citing for YEARS, and all this over the dynamic one sided unique brand of funk that only Erick Sermon can create.<br />I bought this album when it first came out in 1996, and I still find myself sometimes re-citing some of the lyrics - even today! (2000)<br />My advice to all of you reading this review is plain and simple (and unbiased, honestly!). This is lyrically the best album that has EVER been created so far, and I very much doubt that any one other than Red himself can improve upon it - it's his best album to date (including all the recent releases).<br />If you loved Biggie's humorous way with words, then pick this up and prepare for a trip down memory lane which WILL make you laugh, wonder, hit re-wind, AND have a long-term effect on you!!
B00004XPOZ|5.0|Greatest movies of all time (along with Episode 1 The Phantom Menace) the 10 minute Episode 2 preview is more than you need to justify the money we pay, but I really believe its time for George Lucas to give us what we have been waiting for this and it is these movies on DVD. I mean if I buy them more than twice on VHS would I certainly do the same if they came on DVD.
B000002AVF|5.0|I own all of Mariah Carey's albums.  Count 'em.  That's nine, baby.  She also happens to be my all-time favorite singer.  I've seen her through her innocent days (1990-1993), her sultry days (1994-1996), and her sexy days (1997-present).  In her masterpiece CD collection, DAYDREAM stands out as my favorite, without question.  First things first, &quot;Fantasy,&quot; my favorite Mariah song, grinds through the speakers as if they were manufactured for this moment.  It's perfect pop, yet so subtle you'd think it was R&amp;B, as many play it off to be anyway.  &quot;Underneath The Stars,&quot; &quot;One Sweet Day&quot; with Boyz II Men, and her cover of Journey's &quot;Open Arms&quot; follow, all circling around the ballad scheme wonderfully.  In fact, if you're tired enough, it's bye bye and into dreamy-dreamy land for you, buddy.  &quot;Always Be My Baby&quot; pumps the album back into dance, another number one for Carey in 1996.  &quot;I Am Free&quot; and &quot;When I Saw You&quot; are both so secluded in the album, that they sometimes pass for the same track that slightly changes pace in the middle.  &quot;Long Ago&quot; is a great bump 'n grinder and is followed by the album's ballad gem &quot;Melt Away,&quot; co-penned by Babyface and excellent in form.  &quot;Forever&quot; slips in, too, but without much comment from me.  Don't get me wrong, I love it all!  The &quot;Daydream Interlude (Fantasy Sweet Dub Mix)&quot; of course started the now-traditional interlude mix that has appeared on both 1997's BUTTERFLY and 1999's RAINBOW as well as here in 1995 on DAYDREAM.  &quot;Looking In&quot; closes this album, adding a sweet intensity to the daydream.  All in all, I believe that this is Carey's best work and will forever remain a precious piece in my collection.  So, if you're a hardcore Mariah Carey fan or a budding one, I'd recommend this album to you with a big fat five star rating!
B000002G7E|5.0|Lou Reed and co. deliver a thing that will mess you up.  It'll slam you, stroke you, break you, make love to you, take you down and save your worthless soul.  This is the baddest mother of a feedback orgy ever put upon this poor unassuming world.  For fans of everything that has come since these poor boys and girl went their seperated ways.  Trust me, you'll have fun.  &quot;Just like Sister Ray said.&quot;
B00004U2EZ|5.0|Althougth the alblum is in french the actors and actresses sing the songs with such passion and emotion it amazes you.  Noa's portrayal of the Gypsy Girl Esmeralda is amazing.  Her songs are filled with emotion.  She knows exactly what emotions to use.  During Bohemienne she's singing happily and seductively but in Vivre which is one of the songs near to when she's going to be killed u can hera the fear in her voice.  The same goes for all the actors and actresses in the show.  Luck Mervil and Garou are amazing.  If your considering getting any Notre Dame De Paris soundtrack get this one or the live French Alblum!
0375703764|5.0|&quot;This is not for you&quot;. <br />The dedication of this book. Perhaps it should read &quot;this is not for everyone&quot;. It seems to me that you either love or hate &quot;HOUSE of Leaves&quot;. I happen to fall into the former category.<br />I really have not encountered another book like this. Maybe I should get out more. I don't know. But the &quot;HOUSE&quot; owned me the entire time I was reading it. It is a book that literally involves you -- turning it around, flipping forward and back, deciphering codes... <br />Now, it really isn't as scary as everyone seems to be saying it is. Of course, I haven't found many novels very scary lately... Creepy, maybe. But not nightmare inducing. Although, I did have some pretty vivid dreams... The premise is quite thought-provoking and mind-bending.<br />Sure, sometimes the tricks seem a little cheap (word painting, where Danielewski forces you to read sentences from bottom to top to reinforce that the protagonist is climbing, for example) but even then, I thought that these effects were useful, and more than anything - fun! I mean, why not challenge the notion of the novel form? For those who say that this is not original, then what is the other 99% of fiction currently on the market? And just what *are* you reading, anyway?<br />The story invoving Johnny Truant, the &quot;editor&quot;, was at times, a little tiresome (there's only so much stream-of-consciousness writing I can take...). But, in the end, you see that his story is essential. I'll just go out on a limb here and say that the folks who are preaching to others to skip the footnotes because they are superfluous are really missing a large part of this story. Perhaps, the *real* story. I don't want to say any more than that, other than that you shouldn't take this book at face value. It's certainly about more than a HOUSE.<br />Now, not to seem hypocritical, but some of the footnotes *are* superfluous. They serve to make the fiction seem less like fiction. And why not? I think that people are smart enough to realize what can be skimmed and what can't. If you can just immerse yourself in the &quot;HOUSE&quot; I think that you, too, will find yourself lost in it.<br />For those who are looking for something different and are willing to put in a little effort: Highly Recommended.<br />All others... well, you're missing out.
6305622930|5.0|Timeless in its depiction of War, and mimicked time and time again in its portrayal of a Hero, Patton stands as one of the finest movies ever to grace the screen, and sadly, one that will never get the &quot;re-release&quot; life breathed into it that far less remarkable footage has be allowed.  <br />It cannot be said enough, the performance of George C. Scott in this film is the single greatest reason for its greatness.  To add the stunning locations through Europe, and the grand scale of the battle footage, the wonderful supporting cast...Including Karl Malden as Gen. Omar Bradley, a performance inspired after meeting the Technical consultant of the Film, Gen. Bradley himself...the score, the story together create a story worth seeing, owning, and retelling over and over again.<br />The building up and tearing down of a military genius as he faces his destiny the only way he knows how, and the stark realization that the Politically Correct morality that has shackled out nation today can find its roots in even the most harsh of times.  Patton sought only to wage war on his enemies the best way he knew how, and had he been given that ability, one can only wonder at the differences we would see in the world today.  <br />Never a feel good movie, and not just for &quot;guys who like movies&quot; This is a movie for everyone, for the message is universal.  What that message is, only the viewer can know.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Limp Bizkit is still a pretty good band. But from their first release to this one they have not changed at all. Fred Durst still make that funny voice and their Rap/Rock style is still the same. If you're a Limp Bizkit fan I recomend U buy this Cd. It's not all that different but it has some new songs for you to listen to.
B00003CXE7|4.0|If your expecting this movie to take off with arena action, well...you'll have to wait about 35 minutes to really get into the arena.  Although the fight scenes in this film are interesting, it is very hard to see some of the scenes because the film has strange and crazy angles that get annoying after awhile.  The camera shakes a lot, making viewing worse than The Blairwitch cameras, constant shaking.  I was very impressed with the reconstruction of the Colosseum using 3-D rendering.  I absolutely liked the movie aside from the slow beginning and shaky camera angles.  GO RENT IT OR BUY IT.  It's great.
0743200799|5.0|I just finished it and I am very glad I bought the book.  Gene Kranz had one of those amazing careers, being there when &quot;the right stuff&quot; was required of him, and delivering it with competence and humility.  His narratives of the Mercury/Gemini/Apollo missions are wonderful, in my opinion, but even better, his fine character as a man comes through very clearly.  Giving 110% at all times, trusting in his abilities to inspire and lead his flight controllers, and his bottom-line reliance on God, are traits that should be admired and cultivated in all people.  The only part of the book I felt uncomfortable reading was the last chapter, where he laments the current absence of the pioneering spirit that kept him and his peers going, mission after mission.  I hope his testimony helps inspire a revival!
B000002UZ1|5.0|...comparing the Rolling Stones to the Beatles is like comparing a unicycle to a Mercedes. The Stones suck and the Beatles rule and their legacy will live forever as will the spirit of the Summer Of Love and the genius of John Lennon.<br />Peace, Love, and Empathy to all my fellow Beatles fans. To all you Stones fans, get some taste.
B00003CXDV|5.0|Wow! I missed this at the cinema and was a bit gutted, but I got it flown from da States...<br />It's not a diappointment AT ALL! I'm a fan of Tim Allen and anything sci-fi and this film's a HooT!<br />I must say that Sigourney Weaver with blonde hair is a Babe!<br />Self-parody, it's the only way to fly...<br />Great Film!
0141301104|5.0|This fun filled adventurous story is about a boy who lives with his grandmom.  His grandmom loves to tell about witches.  The boy and his grandmom take a vacation.  At the hotel they are staying in, there are many witches, including the Grand High Witch.  The Grand High Witch is the greatest and most powerful witch in the world.  What will the witches have in store for this boy?
B00003CX5A|5.0|WHAT AN EXCELLENT FILM!!<br />I LOVE JOHNNY DEPP AND TIM BURTON.  THEY MAKE A GREAT TEAM!! THEY'VE COLLABORATED ON 3 MOVIES SO FAR AND ALL OF THEM WITH GREAT RESULTS...<br />DEPP PLAYS ICHABOD CRANE WITH APLOMB.  HIS SLIGHTY BRITISH ACCENT IS CREATIVE AND I HAD TO LAUGH WHEN HE SAYS 'DECAPITATED'. THE SCENE WHERE HE EVENTUALLY BELIEVES THE HEADLESS HORSEMAN IS REAL IS A HOOT!!<br />MY FAVOURITE, FAVOURITE PERSON IS OF COURSE THE HEADLESS HORSEMAN HIMSELF....WHAT A GREAT CHARACTER.  PLAYED BY NON OTHER THAN DARTH MAUL HIMSELF RAY PARK.  HE MADE SOMEONE WITH NO HEAD SUCH A GREAT LAUGH.  HE HAS EXCELLENT SWORDSMANSHIP!! NOT ONE TO BE MESSED WITH.<br />THE FILM HAS GREAT SPECIAL EFFECTS, GREAT ENSEMBLE ACTING, A GREAT SOUNDTRACK [GO BUY IT!!] ~ IT HAS GREAT EVERYTHING!!<br />THOROUGHLY ENTERTAINING AND IT CAN BE WATCHED AGAIN AND AGAIN!!<br />ENJOY!
B00002E23E|5.0|I can't believe people are complaining of poor editing, choppy this whatever....This is classic Zep here and in order to enjoy this DVD you must SPARK UP YOUR BONG before the show starts then all is well....
B00004Z459|5.0|Take weird blend of the vocal ranges of Savage Garden and Korn, the heavy guitar sound of Limp Bizkit with some synths thrown into the mix, and a range of haunting and soulful notes and melodies, stir with every new song to produce a unique sound (although IDK where that scratching song #11 came from) every time and what do you get? A totally freaking awesome band. Yeah I listened to the bands MP3s but dammit I am buying the CD because first of all, they deserve credit and the money for it, secondly, this is more than likely the BEST album out this year, and last, because a CD you can play straight from start to finish day after day is RARE. GET IT, you WON'T regret it. Oh yeah, and they don't need to curse every line in every song the way Limp whatever does. So they talked trash about LP? Well they got too arrogant for their own good. LP will blow them out of the water eventually.
B0000025RR|5.0|Sorry.  This album is just plain loud, and it seriously rocks.  You want to listen to metal?  Buy this album.<br />Nothing but a never-ending barrage of power chords with the voice of Rob Halford rising above with some awesome lyrics.<br />It's not the fastest music (outside of speed metal, that would be Van Halen), but it's some of the best.<br />Electric Eye, along with Hellion, is solid.  The rest of the album is powerful.
0684853523|5.0|This is seriously good stuff.  I agree with what other reviewers are saying about how it's sort of divided into two parts, an autobiography and a guide to writing.  I just want to add, though, that you also get a really detailed account of how he conceived the ideas for &quot;Carrie&quot; and &quot;The Stand&quot;, among other things.  If you're like me, and you like to have specifics rather than vagaries, those parts have a lot of REALLY valuable tips.  You walk away from this book really energized, I know it's certainly helped ME anyway.  I just want to mention one other, less well known book that has some good tips, and that book is &quot;I. Asimov&quot; by Isaac Asimov.  It has a lot of the same good qualities that this book has -- plain speaking; hard headed advice about writing; and also it carries the imprint of the writers personality, which shows what a personal investment the author made in it.  Absolutely worth looking at.
630204135X|5.0|As a college film instructor, I find Persona a wonderful text for students to begin to understand the ways film language operates.  With it, the critical viewer can surpass content-based approaches to film and begin to understand the way film communicates visually.  Not only do I find the film valuable for my students, but myself as well.  I love to watch it and unravel its complex and compelling messages.  In approaching such a bold and innovative work, I find much of what I love in movies.  That experience is beautiful.  Persona is one of the few films which can do that for me as well as it does.
B0000062S0|3.0|So! Two old English guys have decided to put out an album.    _Walking Into Clarksdale_ features uncharacteristically (for Jimmy Page, anyway) distorted guitars with strange sitar tunings. The songs themselves attempt to improve upon some of the classic Zeppelin themes, ranging from the spooky organ/metal &quot;No Quarter,&quot; to the desert grandeur of &quot;Kashmir,&quot; to the angry-but-tired-wow-I've-done-too-much-smack punch of &quot;Nobody's Fault But Mine.&quot; These are lofty and noble goals, and one does get the feeling that these legendary farts ARE trying to innovate the old Zep catalogue, rather than imititate it. But they do not succeed.   Robert Plant has a fantastic voice, though years of various abuses have made it impossible for him to function as a screamer. His aging vocal cords have transformed him into a lamenting blues-crooner, light years out of his element on _Walking Into Clarksdale_, where he tries to sing against Page's heavy guitars and the two whippersnapples making up the duos' fantastic metallic-grunge rhythm section.   Jimmy has decided to stay away from the acoustic, the delicate, and the pretty--instead, he tries to rip raw emotions from the listener with big noises and lots of rhythm. He's good at it, but it must be asked: why would the man who wrote &quot;Over The Hills &amp; Far Away,&quot; &quot;Since I've Been Loving You,&quot; &quot;Kashmir&quot; and &quot;Achilles' Last Stand&quot; want to be influenced by anything that came out of Seattle around, oh, say, 1993? Because there are moments on this album where we would expect to hear a certain dead smackhead singing far more than we expect to hear  poor old Robert Plant.    Despite these faults, however, the songs are GOOD! They're all really, really good. The strongest track on the album, &quot;When The World Was Young,&quot; is just the sort of song that Plant is best at singing at this stage in his career; a folksy blues number where he can take an overemotional lyric andwhisper it during the verses and preach it during the chorus. What a moving song!    This album definitely calls to minds alot of the old Zep songs that we all have come to know and love, but were never played on the radio. When a new Zeppelin fan listens to &quot;Houses Of The Holy,&quot; he's going to really, really like &quot;The Song Remains The Same&quot; and &quot;Over The Hills &amp; Far Away.&quot; It's going to take him many a listen before the merits of &quot;The Rain Song&quot; or &quot;The Ocean&quot; really start to sink in. These songs are inaccessible, but a patient listener will be rewarded with a truly beautiful sonic experience. The songs on &quot;Walking Into Clarksdale&quot; are of that ilk. Your first thought upon listening to the album will be: &quot;Wow, how far these giants have fallen.&quot; Eventually you will come to feel that the giants have not fallen at all--they have just grown beyond the label of &quot;rock star,&quot; and are now perhaps trying to live as middle-aged men who like to get together to rock every now and again. - BKT
6302293553|4.0|This movie is very funny.  The dialog and banter in it is high quality.   My problem is that those who quote it and obssess over it ruin it for the normal viewers.<br />The Simpsons episode with the nerds shows this pretty well. Man am I drunk.
B00004YYDI|5.0|I adore this film, primarily (though not only) for one reason: Natalie Portman.  Her performance left me with my jaw on the floor for most of the film when I first saw it, and I still can't help but watch her in awe when I load it up again now and then.  Prior to seeing this film, I had only seen her in Phantom Menace, and at the time, I simply couldn't understand what all the fuss about her talent was...her wooden-seeming performance as Princess Amidala left me quite indifferent.  But now that I've seen her incredible brilliance in its most potent form - here in this film when she was still amazingly young, I believe she is indeed one of this generation's greatest and most unique talents.  I am a huge fan of Jean Reno and Luc Bisson as well, but I find that their talents are diluted whenever they are &quot;anglicized/americanized&quot; as in this film.  In their native french, they are both marvels of the screen.  La Femme Nikita is another, better example; I remember hating the american/dubbed version of it, but loving the original.  The plot itself is ok, but nothing spectacular, and as for Gary Oldman, although he can often be wonderful in his performances, in this movie he really misses.  I'm not sure if he took the method school of acting too much to heart and enjoyed some of the drugs that his character did before his scenes, but whatever the reason, &quot;over the top&quot; (as described by many other reviewers) is putting it mildly.<br />As for this uncut version, there is no reason for anyone to own any other version of the film; the american release (&quot;The Professional&quot;) is an insult to both the director's vision and to the audience.  <br />Even now, I have a difficult time watching the ending of this film; it leaves me teary-eyed and with a lump in my throat that doesn't go away for hours, and the primary reason is again Natalie Portman's unbelievable performance.  After watching her in this film, you'll find it almost impossible to believe thatyou're watching a 13/14-year-old actress.  Get this film to witness true acting brilliance in the making; the great action is just a bonus.
B000002KCF|5.0|Michael Franks is the best jazz songwriter I've ever heard. Listen to the structure of the songs, melodies, chords, and arrangements. What makes him simply superb is his very very good lyrics, separating him from other writers. Very literary and poetical. &quot;Art of Tea&quot; could be his very best. The track I really liked is &quot;I Don't Know Why Im So Happy I'm Sad.&quot; This is the perfect pop jazz cut. Top-notch melody. Listen how he swings from an FM7 (from a CM7 base) of the main verse, to a very smooth Em7 of the refrain. &quot;I came unglued the night I met you; I felt my life divide by two...&quot;. Like dropping from a plane, skydiving down, falling, then being caught in mountain stream in a wide raft, the rush continuing...cool beat of a song. You can watch me jumping up and down in my small room singing...&quot;I don't know why I'm so happy I'm sad, but I am, yes, I am, yes I am...&quot;<br />&quot;Mr Blue&quot; is the song I'd like myself to wrap with before going to sleep in my bed. Alone. Turn the lights off and run to the blue-pebbled beach, naked, on a cool perfect night.  Michael Franks, literary genius, Beatlesque melodies, soothing voice.  I would get the deal from Mephistopheles anytime just to get these...anytime, man, anytime. Thanks, Michael for the songs and the albums.
6302794331|5.0|Every year my family has invited friends over to participate in the yearly viewing of this wonderful movie. It's become a tradition. Now that my children are grown, I'm buying each of them their own copy so they can continue the yearly practice wherever they're stationed. Enjoy!
0140366725|5.0|Giving Treasure Island five stars is like declaring Helen of Troy homecoming queen. It's too little,too late.  This is the classic tale of pirates. Its' themes have been worked and worked again,but it remains untouched.  Stevenson is a master storyteller at the top of his form. From beginning to end the plot never lags,and the characters possess a richness and depth rare in an adventure story.  Every reader of English ought to make their acquaintance--Jim Hawkins,Billy Bones,Old Pew,Silver,and the rest--at some time in his life,preferably when he is young,and his heart still believes it can find that treasure.         Treasure Island has been francised,moppetized,filmed,and abridged,but never bettered. Accept no substitues!  Read the entire book.  There is plenty here for children and adults.  Like all great literature,it works on more than one level.  Dominating the whole Story is the figure of Long John Silver.  As his name implies he has a lunar quality.  He is attractive,facinating,powerful,but with a dark side.   Again,he is murdering,lying,and infinitly self-seeking,yet like Jim we cannot help liking him and wanting him to like us.  At this level Treasure Island is a study in criminality that asks: Why is it that the best,the most full of natural power, often turn their gifts to evil? And why do we find evil so attractive?      A word about editions.  There are many,but by far the best is the hardcover featuring the illustrations of N.C. Wyeth. No one has succeeded as he has in capturing the spirit of the tale.  If you are looking for a cheaper paperback edition that won't blind you with cramped layout, or ruin the whole experience with goofy illustratons,choose the Puffin Classic.  It's unabridged,sturdy,and features a beautiful cover illustration.
0399146253|4.0|The Last Precinct seems to indicate that Cornwell is back on track. In reading earlier books, I wondered about her mechanics and if she weren't distracted by things going on in her personal life. If so, maybe she's resolving them because she seems more focused. I figured out whodunit by the middle of the book but that didn't stop me from finishing it (at least she didn't throw in a perp in the last 30 pages). The one thing that bothers me is the lengthy build-up, then the scanty wrap-up. Anyway, sounds like Cornwell/Scarpetta is ready to move on to a new venue with new dramatic possibilities.
B0000507UD|5.0|OK i love fred durst and i think this cd is the bomb ..its my first limp cd and im lovin it all theres not 1 song i dont like cause its all good. ne 1 that dosent have it u need 2 get it cause u would miss out on the best cd out!
B00004Z400|5.0|First of all, I didn't have the original White Pony. I got this because it was the same price, and had an extra track. If you don't have this version, you can download Back to School from the CD Xtra. Okay?<br />Now to business. This is a wonderful album. Each song is unique, so I have to reveiw it song by song.<br />Back to School: An excelent song/single. I'm glad I got this version because it's so cool. The second most agressive song on this album, sounding like a combination of Minus Blindfold, My Own Summer, and Pink Maggot. It's argualbly the best song the Deftones do live, too. 10/10<br />Feticeria: This is not as good an opener at Back to School. It still is good, however. The lyrics are a bit clear for a Deftones song, like My Own Summer. However, it still isn't personal, so in the end, it's just your regular Deftones song. 7/10<br />Digital Bath: One of my favorite songs of all time. This features Chino on the guitar, and has weird lyrics like Root. However, this is NOT a mosh pit song. It is a bit slow, but makes up for that in its great sound. 10/10<br />Elite: Yuck. This is nothing but ultra heavy riffs, and Chino screaming, &quot;When you're ripe, you'll bleed out of control!&quot; After reading the lyrics, I discovered what this song is really about. If I say it in this review, Amazon.com  won't post it. 3/10<br />RX Queen: This is a weird song. It features the new DJ as a second percussion part. Nice cryptic lyrics, though. 5/10<br />Street Carp: Short and heavy. Sounds like a shorter version of Feticeria with better riffs. Probably the fourth heaviest song on the album. 8/10<br />Teenager: SOFT is the key word. This slow song abot high school romance is toughing, but doesn't sound like the Deftones. If you like this song, get any Eels album; it sounds a lot like them. 6/10<br />Knife Prty: A combination of all the styles of this album like Root and Far Away were on their respective albums. I like the screaming female vocals in the background 10/10<br />Korea: This is a great aggressive song like 7 Words. Great transition in the middle like Root. It's the opener in the Back to School tour, and in my city, it got everyone up. 10/10<br />Passanger: The best song on the album. It features Maunard James Keenan of Tool and A Perfect Circle fame. The vocals and riffs are amazing stuff. 10/10<br />Change: A bit slow; too misleading for a first single. If you ask me, Korea would have been a better single. Oh well... it's still a good song 7/10<br />Pink Maggot: In every Deftones album, there's a good, long closer. This is no exception. Starting off with slow power chords and vocals, this evolves into a song that I like as much as Back to School. There's a nice heartbeat noise at the end. 10/10<br />Well, that's my two cents. If you haven't got this album already, buy it. It totally rocks.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator was a spectacle that kept you on the edge of your seat the entire time in the movie theater. This movie brought back a sense that Rome is still around. Rome is the light, and will be forever. <br />This movie is worth more than 5 stars.  If I were you, I would buy this movie right now! Get your credit cards out!
B00004X01U|5.0|This woman was, is and will be the Queen of Pop-Music for all time. I'm glad living in a time where there is MADONNA. With her more danceable tunes she's still on top of the list after 15 years. Forget all the Spears, Aguileras: MADONNA rules with her most beautiful Dance-Songs and Ballads. 5-Acid Rock STARS for the Star of Stars. She knows how to use violins and she knows to make one of the best records of 2000. A pure Joy and Delight to listen to. It blows you simply away. So open your ears and your heart, it's easy that way.
B00003CWPR|5.0|It was inevitable, perhaps, that Stanley Kubrick's final movie would receive mixed reviews.  Critics are always frightened of being found out, of being discovered to have no real talent or discrimination.  There was a great deal of hype because of the mystery surrounding the film's production, the years it took to make, and Kubrick's death.  Naturally, critics were afraid to praise a film that received so much media attention; it would be like admitting they were philistines.  Especially since Tom Cruise played the lead.  Now, Tom Cruise isn't a great actor, but he's a good one.  He does the job he's paid to do.  A director such as Kubrick, though, can make a good actor appear great.  This is the illsion of film, and of art generally, a trompe l'oeil that is pulled off in &quot;Eyes Wide Shut,&quot; one of Kubrick's finest films.<br />Cruise stars as a successful physician with a beautiful family who seemingly has everyything a man could want.  The film is about our dreamlife, however, so undoubtedly he wants more.  One of his wealthy clients, played quite well by director Sidney Pollack, invites him to a luxurious soiree in his palacial home.  The event is so magnificent it's hard to treat as realistic, and we shouldn't try to.  Kubrick is exploring, in this film, everything that is hidden, everything which lies covert, within the human psyche.  The protagonist's dreams of wealth and influence are symbolized by his wealthy client, and his sexual fantasies are manifest in the byzantine orgy which he later attends.  His wife's infidelity is both desire and fear, something which arouses him in the most peculiar manner.  This theme of indecent desire is also played out in the grieving widow who makes a pass at him while her husband's lifeless body sits a few feet away.  As for fear, he is accosted by a group of young louts on the street and called a fag (an archetypal male fear if ever there was one), he discovers that a prostitute with whom he nearly slep has Aids, heis offered the services of a young girl by her own father, he encounters drug addiction and murder.  He explores an underworld of fear, desire and ambiguity, both internally and externally.  Like the implausible geography of Kafka's &quot;Trial,&quot; the protagoniost wends his way through a New York of improbable nightmares.  Nothing is clear, but rather everything is obique and shadowy.  <br />Kubrick has done a tremendous job of offering us the unconscious in all of its grandeur, dark and light, without being heavy-handed, pretentious or just plain silly.  The novella upon which the film was based featured a psychologist; changing this profession to physician was a savvy revision, for we cannot simply say, &quot;Oh, he's a shrink; he's exploring the unconscious.&quot;  Still, a physician works well, figuratively, for his job is to see, understand and manipulate what lies beneath the surface of our bodies.<br />The photography in the film is brilliant and subtle.  Without announcing itself too loudly, the film quality looks &quot;real&quot; in the way that vacuous and spectacular movies like &quot;Armageddon&quot; never do.  At the same time, the cinematagrapher does not rub our noses in the ultravivid reality of sketchy handheld cameras or faux-home-movie photography ala &quot;Pi&quot; or &quot;Gummo.&quot;  Instead, the effect is more nuanced and refined, like looking out a window onto the city street--without the movie frame.  Kurosawa's &quot;Hi and Low&quot; has this same visual dynamic.  As a result, we can suspend our disbelief more easily and allow ourselves to be lost in the &quot;skillful lie,&quot; as Plato would have it, of film poetry.<br />The mise en scene is brilliant as well.  Every interior is carefully constructed to parallel the film's primary theme, the dark interior geaography of the human mind.  Kubrick does with visual images what Conrad did with words in &quot;Heart of Darkness.&quot;  As the main character drives deeper into the unconscious, becomes simultaneously more liberated and frightened, the setting reflects as much.  I'll leave the specific exegesis to the viewer, but pay close attention to the prostitute's squalid hovel, the protagonist's tony apartment, the wealthy client's mansion, the intimate nightclub, and even the streets of New York--which are an interior set in their own right.<br />In the future, we will come to recognize &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; as one of the finest films of the decade, once the critics have died and their pens have been forgotten.
B000000WF0|5.0|&quot;Urban Hymns&quot; is one of the most original albums I have ever had the priviledge of owning.  In my opinion, Richard Ashcroft is a genius who doesn't get nearly enough credit for his talent.  This is arguably the best album of the '90s.  This may not make sense, but the best way to describe this CD is melancholy, yet strangly uplifting.  &quot;The Drugs Don't Work&quot; and &quot;Weeping Willow&quot; are my personal favorites, but every track on this CD is wonderful.
0399146253|4.0|This is a continuation of the &quot;Black Notice&quot; story line.  I hated &quot;Black Notice&quot;, but found this sequel eminently more readable and entertaining.  All of the main characters - Scarpetta, Lucy, and Marino - have added to their load of personal problems, and the capture of Chandonne has only exacerbated them.  The suspense moves forward at an even pace as Scarpetta's job and freedom are on the line, and the plot is more believable than the prequel.  Scarpetta remains a favorite character of mine, but she really needs to lighten up!
0679879269|5.0|I finished this book last night and it's all I can think about. Mr. Pullman has written something very deep and profound that i think both,children and adults, can  relate to - I was touch to the very bottom of my being with this book. It made me cry, laugh, ache, and wish so hard for everyone involved in the story. I am speechless. As for the love story, I think it's wonderful and probably reflects reality a little more than we like to think - I was thirteen once, i remember what a heart that young is capable of... My children will be allowed to read this and I will happily explain anything they don't understand even the love story.
0792152328|1.0|this movie is ssso disterbing,i mean 1 star is too much for a movie like this. it does'nt worth a half star or even half the half star,i mean common it's so very BAAAAAAD......see ya.
B00004Y62T|5.0|'It's better to be a fake someone, than a real no one&quot; are the unforgetable words of Thomas Ripley, a deranged pianist who dreams of fame and glory.  Tom dreams soon become reality, when he gets that chance of a life time.  At a high class party, he is approached by Dick Greebnleaf, a wealthy oil company owner, who gets Tom to agree to coax his son Dickie to come back to America.  When Tom and Dickie take a natural bonding to each other, the volatile Dickie merely uses him like he does many other people.  However, this time Dickie gets in more deep than he plans.  You can't just hurt Tom Ripley that way,  and get away with it...<br />When you watch the Talented Mr. Ripley, it puts an eerie affect on you that most psychological movies lack.  It tends to disturb the audience rather than make them feel warm and happy.  I strongly suggest the easily disturbed stay clear of this.  The Talented Mr. Ripley, covers the social issues of a strange age in time.  You have such a hard time finding decent people.  The only people who seem kind and you would want to be friends with are the gays in it.  (Which caused some controversy).  The film overall is brilliant and worth buying.  You won't regret it.
6304083769|4.0|I think this movie was so tight it was the coolest Anime I've seen so far. I like all the killing And gun shooting. Plus the nudity and causing. the best part of the movie to me was when the girl robot was beating the crap out of the robot tank. and i think the girl was the best charecter in the movie. Bye!
B00004XOWM|4.0|I don't know why everyone is so down on this album. Shouldn't bands change and move to new forms of music. Everyone compares this to Significant Other. Why? Would you want Limp Biz. to simply do what Rob Zombie does and remix the same songs over again? Granted not all the Songs on this new cd are &quot;great&quot;, but enough of them to make me feel like the purchase was worth while. If you looking for something new to listen to, then pick this up. It's not as bad as everyone says. Granted having a nicer stereo in your car and or home, will make a ton of difference, since there is more bass in this one.
0399146253|1.0|I have all of Patricia Cornwell's [Kay Scarpetta Series] and I am sorry to say that her last book Black Sunday was terrible, so I should not have bothered to buy The Last Precinct. It was a total waste of my money. I don't know why Cornwell is even bothering to write anymore books. She seems to have lost her touch or doesn't really care to write any more. I guess she has made enough money. I am sick of her going on and on about Lucy and Kays love affairs. Cornwell is really making Kay one dumb lady. I guess I will no longer be buying Cornwells books if she keeps writing the junk she has in her last 4 books.
0780622650|5.0|Por supuesto que no es lo mismo que nos ofreci Wuy Williams, Jonathan HArris y los otros.... pero me pareci una pelicula muy buena... unos excelentes efectos especiales y adems, una execelente actuacin de Gary Oldman. Sin embargo, tengo un detalle que destacar: En una escena, el profesor Robinson sugiri ir en busqueda del combustible nesesario para salir del planeta &quot;al amanecer&quot;... ppero si estaban perdidos en el espacio como hablar del amanecer ? inclusive en la pelcula amenecio y todo... nuestro anochecer y amanecer dependen fundamentalmente del ciclo de rotacin de la tierra en su propio eje..., entonces como puede el profesor Robinson asumir que en ese planeta tambien anochecer y amanecer ? sin duda un error de produccin.. pero la escena mas impresionante de la pelicula es cuando deciden atravesar el sol !  excelente efecto bajo la hipervelocidad que toma el jupiter II !!
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Move over Mariah. There is a new soulful sister in town. This is far better than any other chrismas cd that I have heard in a long time. Christina has took the classsic songs and made them her own. My favorite is &quot;O holy night&quot;, which starts off slow but ends in a pure gospel sound. Next comes &quot;This christmas&quot;. What a song. It is an original,and is sure to become a classic. All of her songs brings the joy of christmas. Get it and enjoy. Also, merry christmas, and God bless.
B00001MXXG|5.0|I read the (...) review for this classic teen movie and while I agree that the script *is* a bit uneven (and that is typical for John Hughes), I couldn't *disagree* more that Ferris has lost its \\"effervescence\\". Just because it was made in the 80's? I just watched it with my three kids ages 8 to 15 and they loved it (and they aren't big fans of \\"old stuff\\").   This movie is about three smart goodhearted kids itching to be free and tweak the nose of the system without being mean-spirited or nasty in the process.   It is *timeless*.   Although, for those of us who left high school in the 80's, it is indeed a wonderful trip back to that era.  So what if Ferris's cool technology is outdated now??!  It's what he does with what he has that is ingenious and hilarious;  time has not diminished that.  I think this is the funniest teen movie ever made and one of the smartest as well. It's very hard to do both, apparently;  look at what's been made over time and I think you will agree.  A little slapstick doesn't really take away from the movie.  The story is still great.  The acting is top notch as well.  Watch the movie with its cornacopia of characters and notice that they are all having real fun in their roles.   Ben Stein made a whole second career out of his part. To this day most people think of Stein, not George Bush when they hear the term \\"Voodoo Economics\\"(\\"anyone?  voo? voo?\\"). \\"Ferris Bueller's Day Off\\" is smart, sweet, goofy, sarcastic, lively, caring, and most of all, not dark.  It is filled with color, light, and laughs.   And it never grows old.
B000002USN|5.0|I love Sinatra's Duets.  But it really is Trio as I cannot help but sing along.  It makes the freeway bearable.  I must look strange.  Of course his voice isn't as good as his early years or the 60's and 70's.  But a Sinatra fan has all those old ones and the combination of these voices is just great.  Most of all I loved &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot;.
B00000JPH6|1.0|I assume most other reviewers are hard core Jim Henson fans.  I can think of no other explanation for the glowing reviews for this predictable, poorly paced fable.  I had high hopes for this movie, but it lacks a compelling story, interesting charachters,and wit.
B000002UAR|1.0|I have always considered this a great album, mainly because everyone tells you it is and I believed the hype.<br />Finally last week I sat down and listened to it seriously for the first time. I was amazed at how poor it really was. The &quot;groundbreaking&quot; songs are nothing of the sort, certainly Hendrix was light years ahead. As for the standard songs, they represent the worst tin pan alley fluff imaginable.<br />I won't even mention taxman, as an earlier reviewer put it, hearing multi-millionaires complaining about their tax bills is appalling.<br />Thankfully I am no longer blind and can see this album for what it really is, regardless of how many critics tell you it is great, use your own ears and determine the truth.<br />One star.
B00004X01U|4.0|With Music, Madonna continues on the electronic path she treaded on Ray of Light. However, Music is a lot different than the smooth landscapes that ROL offered. But Music is edgier and I must say, a lot more fun than ROL. As with most Madonna albums there are a couple of stellar tracks (Impressive Instant, What It Feels Like For A Girl and Paradise (Not For Me)) and a couple of mediocore fillers (Gone and Nobody's Perfect). The remainder of the tracks are pretty good but some are devoid of new ideas (Runaway Lover is similar to Skin and Amazing is a rehashed Beautiful Stranger). Surely Madonna can do better... Another minus point was the use of the vocoder which after a couple of listens wears thin very rapidly. However, when Madonna (and her collaborators) do get it right it is pure pop heaven.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|No longer shall Beatles fans have to pack (or buy) ten discs to hear our commercial favorites. They, with few exceptions, are finally all to be found on Beatles 1. Collectors may cringe, but as one who listens to music solely for the joy of hearing good music, I appreciate this compilation. <br />Released virtually concurrently with the book &quot;Beatles Anthology&quot; no doubt in a marketing move, Beatles 1 incorporates twenty-seven of the best loved Beatles songs with a total play time of nearly 1 1/2 hours. Here now we may enjoy and reflect upon the Beatles' early pop hits (&quot;Love Me Do&quot;, &quot;From Me to You&quot;, &quot;She Loves You&quot;) through and to their classic (mature) ballads (&quot;Something&quot;, &quot;Let it Be&quot;, &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot;) neatly and conveniently compiled on one disc and at this, in order of release. <br />Considering the versatility and timelessness of the music by the &quot;Fab Four&quot;, in addition to the quantity of songs and the titles thereof, Beatles 1 defines the perfect gift this holiday season.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have listened to Sarah since the Phantom days.  This work really astonished me.  I could hardly believe she has improved so much.  Gone with the whiney, nasaly Angel of Music voice and in with a much improved soft siren-like voice.  Absolutely breathtaking!!  I recommend that you get this album- you will not be disappointed!! So Many Things is gorgeous, along with a wonderful version of Nessun Dorma and Dust In the Wind.  The one that got me interested was the song Deliver Me from &quot;Brokendown Palace.&quot;  I loved that song and when I found out it was Brightman I was shocked.  Believe, this album is worth the money!
B00000AFGM|5.0|Most people find Marilyn Manson appauling. The way he looks, the words he sings in his music, everything about him. Behind everything there is the music, and most people seem to judge him just for how he looks or what he is saying. But if you really to what he is saying, behind all the controversy, he is making valid points and opening our minds to various issues. That is what the shock effect is. An example of his best work is this album, Mechanical Animals.<br />This time around, he went for a more futurstic, dare I say, techno sound with some bleeps and rhythms, not to say the music isnt hard anymore, because he sure can rock the house down with this music. Each of the songs on this album are very good, his approach to lyrics makes us think, and its not just a bunch of jitter, its serious material.<br />I reccomend this cd to anyone who appreciates true music with deals with mature subject matter. Behind everything is this message which needs to be heard. Let Manson open your mind.
B00004W3MS|5.0|This is magic. Not only Godspeed You Black Emperor and Radiohead spring to mind when indulging in this music. Also Portishead, Massive Attack and Pink Floyd (Ummagumma and More). But there is more to it. This is timeless music, this is also music void of genre or classification. This music makes you want to listen to other music void of genre or classification: Gavin Bryars &quot;Sinking of the Titanic&quot;, Terry Riley's &quot;Salom dances for peace&quot;, Mahler symphonies and song-cycles and music by Gubaidulina, Schnittke and Gorecki.
B00003CWL6|4.0|If you've ever wondered what life was really like in the Ozzie and Harriet household after the cameras stopped rolling, \\"American Beauty\\" might well afford you a good indication.  Although this is certainly not the first glimpse into the dark underbelly of modern suburban life - films like \\"Ordinary People\\" and \\"Blue Velvet\\" long ago shattered any myths about the subject - \\"American Beauty\\" is clearly one of the grimmest and least compromising.  Writer Alan Ball and director Sam Mendes paint a disturbing portrait of a family and a neighborhood in serious moral crisis.  They transport us on an often painful journey to a world whose residents lead lives of quiet desperation cozily hidden behind the tranquil faade of tree-lined streets, white picket fences and exquisitely manicured lawns and gardens - a neighborhood and, perhaps, even a family not too unlike some of our own.<br />In his Oscar-winning performance, Kevin Spacey stars as Lester, a 42-year old man suffering a major case of mid-life angst, stuck, like so many other men in his age bracket, in both a dreary, meaningless job and a dreary, meaningless marriage, in his case to a consumer-conscious wife whose personality has long since been drained of the passion and spontaneity that once defined it.  Lester also has an alienated teenage daughter who suffers from feelings of worthlessness and a consequent inability to relate in any positive way to either her parents or the materialistic life they have made for her.  Feeling utterly empty, Lester begins to become infatuated with his daughter's beautiful blonde schoolmate, an obsession that leads to pedophilic fantasies as well as tortured feelings of unrequited passion.<br />What is remarkable about the film is that Ball and Mendes don't concentrate merely on Lester's problems but manage to weave a full tapestry of suburban despair by shifting their focus to a wide assortment of other characters as well.  Many of the secondary characters, who could easily have slipped over into stereotype or caricature, actually are allowed to breathe and develop in three-dimensional ways.  Thus, we come to understand that, in her own way, Carolyn, Lester's wife, is just as unfulfilled as he is and just as unsure of how to cope with that bewildering situation.  Jane, his daughter, is just a good-hearted kid who craves affection and moral guidance from parents who seem too self-possessed or too emotionally burnt-out to provide her with those needs.  Like so many of today's youth, she suffers from feelings of inadequacy because she doesn't measure up to society's view of ideal physical perfection - her main goal in life is to undergo breast augmentation - and she really only wants to find someone who will love and accept her on a deeper, more spiritual level.  This she finds in the form of Ricky Fitts, her strangely \\"different\\" next-door neighbor, a boy who spends his life filming his experiences and whose amazing self-confidence and self-assurance inspire others to label him psychotic and Jane to fall in love with him.  Ricky is, perhaps, the most controversial element of the film because his blatant drug dealing never seems to come under any moral censure by the film's makers.  After all, at least Lester eventually backs off from his planned conquest of Angela, the seeming nymphet, at the last moment.  She also is revealed as a complex character, a girl so afraid of being \\"ordinary\\" that she devises an entirely fictional persona to present to a world that, ironically, really doesn't care about her anyway.  In a way, Angela defines the theme of the film, in that it seems to suggest that there really is no such thing as \\"ordinary\\" in terms of human existence and that we all spend our lives in a fruitless attempt to achieve or at least replicate it.  Of the entire cast of characters, Ricky's father, a homophobic, hardnosed ex-Marine, perhaps suffers from the worst case of just such self-denial and emotional repression.  Thus, he becomes the device through which the final tragic outcome is eventually set into motion.<br />All involved - writer, director, actors, cinematographer Conrad Hall - deserve immense kudos for their moral courage and their technical expertise.  Still, one begins to wonder if all these thoroughly dire views of suburban life are really any more true or accurate than the preposterously sunny portrayals of the 1950's.  Isn't it possible that the truth may - as with all aspects of life - lie somewhere in between?  \\"American Beauty\\" takes us to a particular place filled with a particular group of people.  As a result, it is safe to say that, while it provides \\"a\\" vision of modern suburban life, it is yet to be shown that it provides \\"the\\" definitive vision.  Like all great art, it offers only a part of the overall picture - but that part, in this particular case, is profoundly disturbing and truly unforgettable.e device through which the final tragic outcome is eventually set into motion.<br />All involved - writer, director, actors, cinematographer Conrad Hall - deserve immense kudos for their moral courage and their technical expertise.  Still, one begins to wonder if all these thoroughly dire views of suburban life are really any more true or accurate than the preposterously sunny portrayals of the 1950's.  Isn't it possible that the truth may - as with all aspects of life - lie somewhere in between?  \\"American Beauty\\" takes us to a particular place filled with a particular group of people.  As a result, it is safe to say that, while it provides \\"a\\" vision of modern suburban life, it is yet to be shown that it provides \\"the\\" definitive vision.  Like all great art, it offers only a part of the overall picture - but that part, in this particular case, is profoundly disturbing and truly unforgettable.
068484267X|5.0|The McCourt brothers and their use of our shared language deserve every bit of attention they get. Frank tells stories of crushing poverty with such a lyrical witty writing style you almost forget to be sad, remember I said almost. This is an Ireland not of leprecauns and shamrocks, but death and hunger and desperation. A truly wonderful read if you have the stomach for it...hang in there for the happy ending.
0679879269|5.0|I finished this book last night and it's all I can think about. Mr. Pullman has written something very deep and profound that i think both,children and adults, can  relate to - I was touch to the very bottom of my being with this book. It made me cry, laugh, ache, and wish so hard for everyone involved in the story. I am speechless. As for the love story, I think it's wonderful and probably reflects reality a little more than we like to think - I was thirteen once, i remember what a heart that young is capable of... My children will be allowed to read this and I will happily explain anything they don't understand even the love story.
0385487320|5.0|I was forced to read Frankenstein in gr. 11 english class.  I thought it would be one of those books that have no point or moral, just as most of the books we read in english.  But I was wrong the novel was one of the best I ever read.  It deals with the theme of Innocence to Experience from the start to the end.  And what the effects are of using power and not thinking of the consequences, making it an anywhere anytime type of novel.  Marry Shelly uses the frame device through 99% of the book (it's when the whole book is being told by one of the characters, often used to make the story more believable) The book will keep you wanting to read more and more.  I recommend it to everyone, the language used by Marry Shelly is pretty easy and straight forward.  ENJOY!!
B000002U82|5.0|As a new fan to Pink Floyd, I recommend this album to anybody.<br />Short, but not simple; you can't listen to one track by itself; the entire album flows as if it was one large song; with many different parts to it.<br />However, if there was any track that i would enjoy, it would be Brain Damage and Time.
0060925000|4.0|Vikram Seth's first book, A Suitable Boy, is an epic tale of India, set in the turbulent period following independence and partition.  Although extremely long, this is a book that never plods or bogs down.  It takes a look at India through the lives of four very extended families, both Hindu and Moslem:  the Mehras; the Kapoors, whose most prominent member, the charming if rather feckless Maan Kapoor, falls deeply in love with a Moslem singer and courtesan; the Khans, who are Moslem, and whose son Firoz is a close friend of Maan's, a friendship which eventually results in near-tragedy; and the Chatterjis a family of brilliant and highly Anglicized young men and women:  Amit, the poet and novelist, Dipankar the would-be mystic, and Meenakshi and Kakoli, two beautiful and amoral sisters who continually exchange verse couplets with each other in a sort of verbal tennis match of wit.  Rounding out the cast of characters are the families' friends, enemies, neighbors, servants, gurus and lovers.  The central plot involves a love story that runs through the book like the Ganges.<br />The most fully-realized and emotionally-engaging character in A Suitable Boy is Mrs. Rupa Mehra.  Based loosely on Seth's own grandmother, Mrs. Rupa Mehra has only one mission left in life:  to arrange a proper marriage for her youngest daughter, Lata.  In other words, she wishes to find Lata &quot;a suitable boy.&quot;  Mother and daughter are a generation apart in their ideas, but, surprisingly, they eventually do reach an agreement of sorts, and, as they do, they find that they are closer than they had ever imagined.  <br />Mrs. Rupa Mehra, however, is a woman who is determined to take care of her family at any cost, to take care of them even if they do not wish to be taken care of.  Seth sums her up this way, &quot;Mrs. Rupa Mehra, torn between solicitude for Pran, concern for Savita, who was due to deliver any day now, and desperate anxiety on behalf of Lata, would have liked nothing better than to have an emotional breakdown.  But the press of events would not allow it at present, and she therefore abstained.&quot;  Mrs. Rupa Mehra, is indeed, a remarkable character, and not one that is soon forgotten.  She is vividly drawn and seems to leap off the page with energy, vitality and wit.<br />A Suitable Boy is straightforward, no-frills storytelling.  There are, mercifully, no verbal pyrotechnics here, no extended dream sequences, no magic realism or any of the other literary devices that can be so wonderful but only when employed by an author who really knows what he is doing.  Seth wisely sticks to his story and the result is an almost-Victorian rendering.  This is one of those books in which the author's &quot;voice&quot; is almost anonymous or silent and that is just as it should be.  With a sprawling plot and a large cast of characters, a strong sense of &quot;style&quot; or &quot;voice,&quot; sometimes so essential, would have only been an intrusion in a novel such as this.<br />One of the themes of A Suitable Boy is religious intolerance.  In 1952, India was still recovering from the horrors of partition.  Muslim Pakistan had separated from the sub-continent and Brahmpur, the invented city where much of the action of A Suitable Boy takes place, is involved in the construction of a Hindu temple adjacent to an existing mosque.  In fact, the temple was deliberately erected on that very spot so that when the Muslims gather for their daily prayers and kneel to face Mecca, they will be forced to face Hindu idols as well, idols they, themselves, consider obscene.  Seth, himself, has said that he has no sympathy for Hindu fanatics and considers A Suitable Boy to be a plea for religious tolerance in India.<br />Politics also plays a role in A Suitable Boy and Nehru, himself, makes a few appearances.  The sections in which Seth does veer off into politics or religion are less successful than the sections that involve the four families directly.  I was tempted to skip many of the more political sections of the book, but didn't.  Another minor problem crops up in a certain vagueness about the language the characters are speaking.  Although this might not seem to matter, it does matter and matters greatly because the characters, themselves, make much of it.  Lata's very pompous brother Arun, for example, often scorns Haresh, Lata's husband-to-be, because his English is less than perfect, although Haresh has studied in England while Arun has never even been there.  A delightful bit of irony.<br />Although not a perfect book, and one that, at times, could stand a little more smoothness, A Suitable Boy is a rich and panoramic look at India during a crucial time in her history as well as being a delightful and incisive novel that is well worth the time one must devote to its more than 1500 pages.
1559408898|4.0|I would definately have to agree with RL from Canada that the theatrical version of RoboCop is the better choice.All the director's cut adds are very unnecessary extra scenes of violence.As for the movie itself,it's pretty good,and a little funny at times.Peter Weller does a good job as Murphy/RoboCop,and Nancy Allen is good as Lewis.Ronny Cox as Dick Jones,and Kurtwood Smith as Bodiker are both very nasty in their roles.The special effects may look a little primitive,but they're not bad.The music score by Basil Polidouris is great.Overall it's a good movie,but go for the theatrical version and not the director's cut.
B00000AFFF|3.0|I bought &quot;Painted From Memory&quot; after hearing Bette Midler's new album,and heard,&quot;God Give Me Strength,&quot; written by Elvis Costello and Burt Bacharach.I fell in love with this heartbreaking song,and wanted to hear more from this team.The songs are fantastic.Any Artist,like Barbra Streisand,Dionne Warwick,or Barry Manilow, who's recording a new album,All you have to do is  pick any number off this CD,and you'll have a hit,but Elvis's voice just doesn't cut it.I keep think of Bill Murry on &quot;Saturday Night Live,&quot; doing the Lounge Singer when I hear this tape.My favorite cuts from the record are,&quot;God Give Me Strenght,Tears at the Birthday Party,&quot; and &quot;Painted from Memory.&quot; One more thing about this tape is the way the sound keeps going in and out on the first five songs.I don't know if I have a bad CD,or if this is the way the tape was made.The bottom line is,The Words and Music are fantastic,but Elvis is the wrong singer  .Its  like Frank Sinatra singing the best of Guns and Rosses.
6304143184|5.0|Steven Spielberg has made some of my fovorite movies,(Raiders of the Lost Ark,Jaws,Saving Private Ryan to name a few)and E.T. is no exception.It is much better than most of the movies they're putting out now.It's story is simple: a little alien is lost and wants to get back home,and is befriended by a little boy named Elliot.Henry Thomas plays Elliot,and does a great job.The rest of the cast is good,also,including Drew Barrymore as Elliot's little sister Gertie and Dee Wallace as his Mom.The musical score by John Williams is excellent,and it's got good special effects,too.I'm not sure how the movie would have done had it been released today,because there's not a lot of violence or bad language,but I know I sure like it.Not that I believe in aliens,but if there are any I would rather have them friendly like E.T.,(or the ones in Close Encounters)than wanting to destroy mankind,such as in movies like Independence Day.(not to say that wasn't a good movie)
B0000009SI|3.0|.... but way too short.  This collection kicks off with the well-known &quot;Yellow Snow&quot; suite, which contains some good music (the &quot;Pancake Breakfast&quot; interlude), silly surrealistic humor ..... and then it just sort of ends.  There is little else on this small collection of great consequence, considering the more groundbreaking work to be found on many other FZ recordings, though I do really enjoy the bit on &quot;Uncle Remus&quot; about getting up early and knocking over little plaster jockeys in Beverly Hills.  Just why this album was the first by Zappa to score a gold record will forever remain a mystery to me.
B000002WPI|4.0|What is this all about?  This is about a handful of the most intelligent and creative MC's uniting for a common goal, that is, total domination.  They damn near achieve it.  The Clan redefined the boundries of the hip hop world.   All the men that make appearances have some fabulous moments in which they up the ante.  Every group of warriors must have a battle cry, and although no single song will meet that requirement on its' own, the album itself stands as a monument to the emormous power of what hip hop has accomplished and will continue to accomplish.   The production is ill, the beats are about as raw as Ol' Dirty's language and the flow is unstoppable.  Even you if don't bump hip hop often, this is the one to have.
B00000DCHI|5.0|The greateast songwriter to come out of America. His use of the paraphrase and his vocal range makes him the premier vocalist of American Culture in our time. Whether on a drunk night out with your pals, in your car or at home with a Gin and Tonic in your hand he mellows your mind or arouses your passions. The best, the man. From a sleepy town in East England this is proper music, from the heart and for the soul. My advice to anybody who loves life is to listen to the lyrics and you'll love it more. Keep going and Peace in our time.
B00000IGGA|4.0|It was about time.  Finally after a lengthy time away from us, the madman has returned with a vengeance.  Here he has crafted a deeply moving ( Hold On) and deeply hysterical (Filipino Box Spring Hog) album.  Tom swings from power chords to soft crooning like only he can.  Let me go no further without mentioning Tom's voice.  Frankly it sounds as though he's drinking whiskey that's as old as Damascus and gargling rusty nails in between drinks.  The interesting thing is that Tom's voice always manages to capture exactly what he's trying to accomplish.  Don't rush out and buy this album because you saw The Heart of Saturday Night or  Rain Dogs in your Dad's records.  Tom Waits is an acquired taste. The songs have obvious flaws, but that is what makes them so memorable.  This one will stand up quite well in Tom's catalogue.
B00000DGUM|4.0|I really would've liked to see some rare stuff, like &quot;Holidays in the Sun&quot;...granted, it's a cover, but where else are you gonna get that song - the benefit album it was on has been deleted. More stuff like &quot;Fire in the Hole&quot;, etc. would've been nice. As it is, it's pretty good.
B000020617|5.0|This is a very good CD.  The thing I love so much about this CD, is not the vocals, but the awesome music.  The guitars and the drums go so well together and they never lose the beat.  Let's get a run down of this CD:<br />1.)Stacked Actors ~ This is one of my favorite songs.  Great energy and makes you want to break something. Woohooo! 5/5<br />2.)Breakout ~ Another one of my favorites.  This song also has that energy that makes you feel powerful. 5/5<br />3.)Learn To Fly ~ The first single released from this album. A pure rock classic.  Yummy! 5/5<br />4.)Gimme Stitches ~ This is one of those songs with incredible guitar music and makes you want to dance.  Good lyrics also.  5/5<br />5.)Generator ~ Different, but cool sounding at the beginning, and keeps a midtempo beat. 4/5<br />6.)Aurora ~ This is the albums first &quot;ballad&quot;.  More sensitive lyrics and more relaxing. 4/5<br />7.)Live-In Skin ~ Back to more in your face music.  This is a great one to play loud.  Good lyrics on this on too. 4/5<br />8.)Next Year ~ This is my favorite song on this album. Another slower one, but still has enough energy to keep you interested.  Good lyrics and a steady beat. 5/5<br />9.)Headwires ~ This is a midtempo song. This is a really good song with cool lyrics, and the best part is the chorus. 4/5<br />10.)Ain't It The Life ~ Good drum beat and good lyrics. Also more relaxing. 4/5<br />11.)M.I.A. ~ Good end for the album. A slower song to end out the album which is always a good way to end.  Gets more powerful in the chorus.  This is one of those songs that is good to listen to real loud. 5/5<br />The foo fighters are a great band with a lot of talent and you should buy this CD today if you don't already have it.  It's really cool how they can do really powerful energetic songs and also do slower songs, and no matter which it is, they always sound good, and that is the bottom line.
0767903854|5.0|This is one of those rare reading treats that is both very informative and very entertaining.  If Australia weren't 20 hours away, by tedious and uncomfortable air flight, you'd want to leave today.  But its remoteness is really what saves Australia and makes it unique -- as Bill Bryson very deliciously makes clear.  My only real quibbles are the lack of a good overall map of Australia, making resort to a world atlas necessary, and the absence of an index and table of contents. Incidentally, the rather rudimentary maps that are included are on unnumbered and unreferenced pages at the front of the book.
0201633612|5.0|This book is probably the best book talking about OO design. I have been writing java for 2 years, and I have read several pattern books on java. However, none of them can compare favourably with this book. I was truely amazed by this book after i read it.<br />Be notice that this book is not for beginner, if you are new to OO programming. I prefer you to read some OO book first, otherwise you will find this book too difficult.<br />The only bad thing , if i have to say, is the sample code is written mainly in C++. For me, a java programmer, who only know java, have to spend more time in it. Besides, some technical aspects like multiple inheritance in Java and C++ are different.<br />In a nutshell, this is the best book i have ever seen regarding OO design. I recommend this book to anyone who want to write good OO program no matter you use C++ or Java or other programming language.
B000053GTK|5.0|Whether you are a Gentle Giant fan or not, this album has to be a part of any progressive rock collection.  A consistency on the order of Rush's &quot;Hemispheres&quot;, &quot;The Yes Album&quot;, Kansas's &quot;Point of Know Return&quot; or Roger Water's &quot;Amused to Death&quot; and &quot;The Final Cut&quot;, &quot;In A Glass House&quot; maintains a constant perfection from start to finish.  A synthesis of well thought out lyrics, melody and complex rhythms utilizing the entire gamut of rock instruments, weaves a masterpiece which should always be listened to from start to finish.  My wife described Gentle Giant as, &quot;sounding like the Chieftans on acid.&quot;  I believe it is a fair description.  I have most of Gentle Giant's music and this one has always been my favorite. Simply, some of the best music rock has to offer - period!
6305627347|5.0|After being disappointed by some of the episodes I had seen at the time on Comedy Central, I was quite reluctant to see the movie. I'm glad I did see the movie when it was in the theaters. I have never laughed so hard in my life for any movie. My eyes and ears have never been the same since I've seen South Park:Bigger, Longer &amp; Uncut. Now I own this movie on tape. I would never, ever let any kid under the age of 15 see this movie.  I couldn't and still can't believe that Trey Parker and Matt Stone got away with murder literally with all the explicit language and graphic imagery that flooded the film.
B000002UA5|5.0|Pink Floyd's first double album is controversial at best, mainly because of the weird studio album. The live stuff is excellent, but casual fans will be uncomfortable with this album.<br />Disc 1<br />Astronomy Domine- Much, much better than the studio cut. Eerie and grabbing from the moment it is put on. Gilmour sings the lyrics with perfection.<br />Careful With That Axe, Eugene- Comparing this to the studio cut is strange because the studio cut isn't a freak-out piece of music like the live version. Cool guitar licks and Waters' yelling help the song a lot.<br />Set the Controls For the Heart of the Sun- When will the live album stop- this song is better than the original as well. Waters sings the lyrics with a quieter tone and the last four minutes are sustained trippy bits added to the original.<br />A Saucerful of Secrets- The best song on the live album. Gilmour's guitars and Wright's organs are kicked up loud and the result is very freaky (I especially like the areas where distortion occurs because of the loudness).<br />Disc 2<br />Sysyphus- Not so much music as it is atmosphere- mostly it is just Wright hitting notes on an organ. But the climax is great.<br />Grantchester Meadows- One of the Floyd's best early songs with some of Waters' best lyrics. A great slow song.<br />Several Species of Small Furry Animals Gathered Together in a Cave and Grooving With a Pict- This is not music- this is just sound effects with Waters' demented Scotsman speak at the end.<br />The Narrow Way- An average Floyd piece with great guitar work. The lyrics are barely audible, though.<br />The Grand Vizier's Garden Party- This isn't music either- just Mason taking out his frustrations on percussion instruments.<br />Not for the casual fan at all- but hardcore Floyd fans will love it. And what does ummagumma mean?
B00004ZAV3|5.0|While few are arguing the merits of the actual songs, the most common compaint is something like, &quot;same old material re-released again&quot;.  Though this is essentially true this album is unique in the sense it's the first &quot;true&quot; greatest hits package by the most successful band of the rock era on the CD format.  While 1962-1966 and 1967-1970 contained all the hits, there was also an equal number of album cuts (outstanding as they are), making those albums more of a &quot;best of&quot; package.  This newest album is concise and not only lists each song in order of relase but tracks the bands staggering artistic growth from song to song.  From the simplicity of &quot;Love Me Do&quot; to the exuberance of &quot;She Loves You&quot; and &quot;I Want To Hold Your Hand&quot; to the outstanding and beautiful &quot;Hey Jude&quot; the Beatles proved that while their songs were varied they all shared the highest quality.  This album of #1's also proves that their experimentation wasn't just limited to albums.  The use of strings on &quot;Yesterday&quot; and &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, the feedback on &quot;I Feel Fine&quot;, the harmonium on &quot;We Can Work It Out&quot; or the trumpet on &quot;Penny Lane&quot;.  This is one instance in which some actual die hard fans might not flock to buy this album because they already own all the songs.  Young or old, though, this is an excellent starting point for anyone who likes the band but may not own any of the music or just anyone who would like to hear great and timeless music.
B000002U8G|5.0|Many people, my family included, seem to think that the pre-Dark Side of the Moon Pink Floyd is some of the worst junk they've ever heard. Then I picked this album up, weeks after I bought their first two albums and their opinions changed. Meddle is, in my opinion, the record that began the new wave of Floyd music. Every little bit of the album is great, but the band is obviously evolving in certain songs.<br />One of These Days- A great song. Gilmour's slide guitar and Waters' bass playing plus the awesome Mason vocal is a great touch- one of their best instrumentals.<br />A Pillow of Winds- One of their best slow songs. Easy on the ears.<br />Fearless- One of the Floyd's all-time best rockers, with a catchy Gilmour tune and Waters' great lyrics.<br />San Tropez- You can hear the jazz influences in this one. Not bad, but you can tell the band is evolving.<br />Seamus- I don't know why everyone hates it. It's a fairly good song- not one of their best, mind you.<br />Echoes- The pinnacle is finally here. This song is one of their greatest and ranks with a lot of my later favorites. Wright's piano and Waters' lyrics are a great addition to great music.<br />This is the first Floyd album that sounds like Dark Side of the Moon- not as good, but there is plenty of fun to be had- buy it.
6304994540|5.0|For some strange reason, I wasn't completely blown away the first time I saw this film.  After repeated viewings, however, I realized how incredibly funny it really is.  Bridges and Goodman are outstanding, the dialogue is hysterical, and the music fits in perfectly (unless you happen to be a huge Eagles fan).  The characters and story truly grow on you.  One minor criticism : The brilliant Steve Buscemi is somewhat wasted as Donnie.  Overall a great movie.
B000006TRV|5.0|The Wall was the very first Floyd album I ever listened to and I have always loved it, even though the band has better albums.  Here's a rundown on the story- rock star begins to go crazy while thinking about his life- enough said.<br />Disc 1<br />In the Flesh?- A cool Floyd rocker with superb lyrics.<br />The Thin Ice- This song is a very weird one- I always see images in my head when I hear it.<br />Another Brick in the Wall (Part I)- The wall is coming up and so is the song quality. One of their best with great lyrics.<br />The Happiest Days of Our Lives- This sounds like the stories my parents used to tell me about their childhood. It only furthers the story.<br />Another Brick in the Wall (Part II)- One of the Floyd's all-time best hard rockers. It also has some of my favorite Floyd lyrics (I remember playing the song in my math class on a computer and my teacher walked in and said &quot;What's that?&quot;).<br />Mother- A great acoustic piece. Definitely a strong set of lyrics with great music.<br />Goodbye Blue Sky- Guitar and lyrics only- what else- just another furthering of the story.<br />Empty Spaces- Eerie and trippy- but it still furthers the story.<br />Young Lust- Possibly the one Floyd song that had to do with love. Great tune and lyrics.<br />One of My Turns- Reminds me of the late Keith Moon and his hotel destruction. Great lyrics with a teeter on the edge of psychotic behavior.<br />Don't Leave Me Now- This works well as a help to the story and a song- you can feel what Pink feels in the song.<br />Another Brick in the Wall (Part III)- It just helps the story.<br />Goodbye Cruel World- This also helps the story.<br />Disc 2<br />Hey You- One of Waters' all-time best songs and one of my favorites.<br />Is There Anybody Out There?- This is one of the eerie bits of the album and it shows Pink's state of psychosis.<br />Nobody Home- A very personal song with great lyrics.<br />Vera- The worst song on the CD. It has absolutely no point with the narrative.<br />Bring the Boys Back Home- A story helper, nothing more.<br />Comfortably Numb- At last we have found the best song. This is one of the best Waters/Gilmour songs, with great lyrics and music.<br />The Show Must Go On- Another story helper.<br />In the Flesh- Listen to it for the lyrics- Waters has a great mind.<br />Run Like Hell- A cool song with great guitar work.<br />Waiting For the Worms- I don't know if this is a song or an attack on Nazi politics.<br />Stop- Not even a song- just a Waters poem.<br />The Trial- A great set piece for the album- almost like Gilbert and Sullivan.<br />Outside the Wall- The album is brought to a strange close.<br />The Wall is a great album with great tunes, but there are not enough great tunes to make up for the abundance of short pieces. But the engineering and mixing is some of the best to be heard- buy it.
0060920432|5.0|The publications and blather out there are endless!  The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, Personal Power, First Things First (duh!) are great feel good books, but what does one really get out of them?  Well, after reading them, one supposedly knows what successful people do, what to do first, or maybe have an increased sense of personal power.  Somehow, I don't think so.<br />Enter Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi and the idea of Flow.  Flow is about finding meaning in a particular activity, profession or if one is really fortunate in life.  The bottom line is that to achieve maximum happiness, enjoyment, or even &quot;success&quot; a person will often have &quot;flow&quot; experiences.  It's when worries slip away, when a person or a team is engaged in an activity, and is so focused that it seems effortless.  <br />Covey, Robbins, and the rest of em', will present you with a square peg which you may be able to smash into a round hole if you keep hitting it hard enough.  Understanding, yourself and what brings you satisfaction in life must come before following any prescribed method for improvement or success.  If you love what you do, and do what you love, you don't need some guru to give you the steps to success.<br />Flow can help you find and understand that.  You've got to start with the basics, and this book can provide insight on what flow is, what conditions facilitate it, how to achieve it, and where to start.  Highly recommended!
B000002U9Y|5.0|A Saucerful of Secrets begins, really before the album is even put into the player- we all know about the great Syd Barrett's mental breakdown and the idea of Floyd without him (somewhat- he does have a credit and plays on a few of the songs) seems tough to stomach, but the album is a great milestone for the Floyd on their journey. <br />Let There Be More Light- A great Waters song. Some of his eeriest lyrics combined with a sci-fi theme help the song entirely.<br />Remember a Day- Rick Wright's attempt at Syd's childish atmosphere. Not a bad song, but come on- Wright is not on the same lyrical level with Syd or Waters- but the music is a help.<br />Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun- One of the Floyd's eeriest songs. I absolutely love Waters' bass playing in this- it adds to a great atmosphere.<br />Corporal Clegg- One of Waters' first songs about war. Somewhat of a fun song, almost like the Syd days, but we can tell that his lyrics are in need of a few touch-ups.<br />A Saucerful of Secrets- The high point of the album. Not really a song so to speak, but rather a collection of sound effects and guitar licks. Wright's organ finale is an eerie closing theme.<br />See-Saw- This is a freaky song. The music is so frightening at parts with the childlike essence, but the idea of the world being a see-saw is very philisophical (and I agree with it).<br />Jugband Blues- Syd's last Floyd song- and he doesn't even sing it. A great tune with some of his most upsetting lyrics bring an end to what could have been a great career.<br />Saucerful is a little darker than Piper, but just as good. Syd will be missed- buy buy buy.
B000002HPV|5.0|If i made a dictionary, under the word &quot;innovative&quot; I would just put a big picture of Bjork. It saddens me to think how much bjork I have missed out on, considering I was in third grade when debut came out. I never really considered her to make &quot;my type of music&quot;, but after I saw her in &quot;Dancer in the Dark&quot; I decided to buy Post. It blew me away, and I didn't think it could get any better until I bought homogenic.   For those of us who think techno-esque music has no soul, this album blasts that stereotype out of the water. These songs are nothing but soul, and raw emotion. The style used on this album of mixing orchestra with synthesizer sounds is totally origional. Over the past two years (as mtv has been getting worse and worse) I've been searching for good, meaningful music. Bjork is what I've been looking for. This is deep music, from the lyrics to the orchestral arrangements, etc.  It is certainly worth . . . the money. . ..   Important: listen to this album with headphones on. The first time I heard it I just sat there with my mouth gaping. This is intensity in a convienient little cd package. Bjork is a revolutionary artist, and we should all be thanking high heaven we're here to enjoy her music.
0688158234|4.0|Too many Americans do not understand the customs and traditions in many countries, and the ritual of female circumcision is one of those little known things.  Waris' story taught me that you can overcome many obstacles, including life as a nomad, and aspire to great things.  I wish Waris all the luck in her endeavors.  I highly recommend this book to everyone!
0743506650|5.0|Stephen King's &quot;On Writing&quot; is a must read for any aspiring writer or King fan.  It is one of those books you will want to read more than once and is easy to read in one sitting.  For those who have followed King's career, this book reveals many events in his life that inspired the writings of his most memorable novels.  It captures not only his childhood memories, but the personal struggles he experienced as an adult that helped shape him into the successful writer he is today.  For the wanna-be writers in us all, this book encourages us to take the craft seriously, but to enjoy it, as well.  It's been a while since I've enjoyed a book as much as I have this one.  I promise, you won't be disappointed!  By the way, for the tabloid lovers, this book sets the record straight on the events that took place the day King was struck by Bryan Smith.  Enjoy!
B00003CWL6|3.0|Several people have commented about missing elements on this DVD.  If you listen to the commentary audio track, there are several mentions of the outtakes.  Oddly enough, they are missing from the DVD.  It is also painful to navigate to specific scenes.  All in all, the DVD looks slapped together.
B000003BF4|5.0|They don't play any of it like the studio verisons. The verison of Sympathy, is the most dissimilar. They omit the percussion intto and skip the last verse. However, it contains two of the greatest solos ever recorded. The first, by Richards, is about as biting as it gets. The second solo, played by Taylor, takes a totally different direction and just sizzles. Their different playing styles compliment each other well. This album also contains the best verison of Midnight Rambler, which blows the already great studio verison away. The killer solos on Live With Me, Stray Cat Blues, and the Chuck Berry songs are perfect. Love In Vain is much better than the studio verison here. Jumpin Jack Flash is different from the great studio verison(the awesome opening chords aren't played) but it is a nice change. The only disappointments are Honky Tonk Women(why does Mick do a different 2nd verse at all of the concerts) and the electric verison of Street Fighting Man, which don't come close to the studio verisons. This and the Who's Live at Leeds tie as the greatest offical live albums ever. Perfectly captures the raw emotion of a Stones concert.
B00004VXF2|3.0|I was in Las Vegas not too long ago. At two in the morning (or two in the afternoon, for that matter) the steady chiming of the slot machine bells in the hotel casinos sounds a lot like &quot;Metal Machine Music!&quot; The only difference here is that you don't win any prizes or money by playing this CD, though that could change!
B000002UAR|5.0|this album was one of many reasons why the beatles stopped touring and started concentrating on music as art and of transcendence. the inner workings of their hypercreative minds came to the fore, forever changing music as we knew it. career highlights from paul mccartney and john lennon are showcased here. 'tomorrow never knows' still sounds like it's further ahead musically, and that was almost 35 years ago. 'here, there, and everywhere' and 'eleanor rigby' foreshadow the kind of exacting craft that paul became loved and hated for; brilliant songs nevertheless. 'and your bird can sing' has a guitar hook that belies the simplicity of the song, while 'got 2 get u in2 my life' sounds more complex than it is. topics here include lennon's conversation with peter fonda, who once told him 'i know what it's like to be dead' (a key lyric in 'she said, she said'); harrison's complaint against the 'taxman' (no doubt because the band's collective tax bracket skyrocketed with each year), and a recollection of john's meeting with the dentist that introduced them to lsd-'dr. robert'. a brilliant collection that should belong in any music fan's home.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|I first got introduced to Lenny's music slightly before &quot;Let Love Rule&quot; began getting airplay.  At first I thought his music was uneven and scatter- brained.  Over the years he has managed to find his niche and his audience and has established himself as one of today's most gifted artist.  This cd is a relection of his growth and his brillance.
B000002UB3|5.0|virtually every beatle fan knows that by the time they recorded this  they hated each other more with every passing day. it's a testament to their personal character and of their own awareness of the impact of the beatles that they could reconvene one last time to go out with a bang. 'come together' begins with paul's bass coming in and out of lennon's surreal lyrics. 'something' is just beautiful, the strings gracing the chord progression to create a song that outshines the two lead writers, finally coming into his own. 'i want you' is a guitar feast, the three of them intertwining their guitars to a crescendo that does battle with sheets of white noise. 'here comes the sun' is the other brilliant harrisong, sounding like a happy reflection of his marriage to patti boyd. the medleys take up the last parts of the album, the distress of the group and of paul reflected in the music and the lyrics-'you never give me your money' reflecting the noncommunication within the group. the album ends with a beautiful sentiment, one to live by. i was born 2 years after they broke up; it must have been real sad for fans of them and of music to realize that the beatles would never record again.
630575067X|3.0|The &quot;Star Wars&quot; saga begins 30 years prior to the first &quot;Star Wars&quot; where we are introduced to much younger versions of characters which we will be forced to hate at the saga's conclusion.  Unfortunately, Episode One doesn't have the same dymanics as the others in the series.  Perhaps it is the artificial look of the CGI footage, or the faltering storyline.  The only reason to watch the film is to complete the saga started back in 1977, and to enjoy the talents of Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Ian McDiarmid, and Pernilla August.
B000002UAX|5.0|this has been my fave beatles album for a long time because of the wide variety of songs presented. songs about india, songs written in india, folk songs, acoustic ballads, screamers- it's all here. 'back in the ussr' is a tribute to the beach boys, their 'woo-hoo-hoos' straight from the brian wilson songbook. 'dear prudence' is a letter to mia farrow's sister, wondering where she is even though she's right there. personally, i liked the version of 'while my guitar...' on the beatles anthology 2-it's a spare acoustic reading from the author. 'julia' is lennon's letter to his mom that was assisted by yoko ono (by now omnipresent in the studio, much to their chagrin), beautiful in its simplicity. 'yer blues' is a song that features the return of ringo, who left the band for a few days due to i'm-sick-of-all-your-arguing; 'helter skelter' is an attempt by paul to record the loudest song out there and forever became associated with  charles manson. a sprawling collection that showcases a band starting to come apart at the seams.
B00004Y6RO|5.0|Seen these guys at Ozzfest 99 opening up on the main stage. Didn't have a clue to who they were but I soon would. About a week later I picked up their cd and was forever changed. Never had I heard anything like it before. Their vocalist is second to none. There is nobody out there who can go from screaming to singing like he can. They only comparison I could make is the vocalist from Mudvayne. There may be 9 members to this band but they all play an important part to making this unique and awesome sound. Would have to say my favorite song is Spit it out, but all are great. None sound alike. I really like the Spit it out remix on this cd. I am greatly anticipating their next release, I'll be the first in line when the store opens. So if their are a few people out there who still haven't heard Slipknot what are you waiting for?
B0000024Z7|5.0|In the solo guitarist history the Rock and Roll never had someone special in practice like Carlos Santana. I had a chance to ear Jimi Hendrix, B. B. King, Eric Clapton, Jimmy Page, Peter Frampton, George Harrison and others guitarist on records. But nobody like this &quot;mariachi's son&quot; on his perfect masterpiece: &quot;Caravanserai&quot;. Unbelieveable. That's why you must listen this delicious afro-caribean, latin, jazz, rock and middle east ryhtym fussion. This musical art was made by Santana lookin for faith, spiritually and peace and thats what you'll be found listening this energetic record. This was the last recording from the original Santana's Band: Carlos Santana (lead guitar and vocals), Gregg Rollie (organ and vocals), Neal Schon (guitarist), Jos &quot;Chepito&quot; Areas (timbales), Mike Schrieve (drums), Doug Rauch (bass), James &quot;Mingo&quot; Lewis (congas), Armando Peraza (percussion), Tom Rutley (acoustic bass) and Wendy Hass (piano). If you've gonna out of this world, don't forget &quot;Caravanserai&quot; to listen everywhere you are and enjoy the fighting guitars on &quot;Song of the Wind&quot; betwen Carlos Santana (teacher) and (his disciple) Neal Schon, who months later former Journey with Rollie. &quot;Caravanserai&quot; is for me the introduction to other and special musical universe and I listened many dozen times this magical record since 1974 (the first time) in southern California around the orange, grapefruit, lemon, peach and avocado trees.
B00004UEDR|3.0|'28 days' has a good mix of humour, song, seriousness and fun which makes it an easier movie to watch than 'girl, interrupted.' <br />like the classic 'the bell jar' and, more recently, 'girl interrupted', '28 days' explores the creative &amp; sensitive mind of women who refuse to live life by any normal rules.  <br />as a writer, i am always interested in watching movies about writers, but sandra bullock's creative outlet in this movie is more verbal and physical than written.  i would have liked to have seen her character creating something out of the madness that is alcoholism. instead, she's almost a bystander in her treatment program and we watch as she fights herself in a battle against alcohol addiction.  <br />the supporting characters are what makes this movie great, including Loudon Wainwright III as the &quot;guitar man.&quot;  his songs add a deeper, serious touch to this film and are, as always, fabulous.  if you're interested in hearing more from Loudon, check out 'career moves' asin:... be sure to see him in concert the next time he visits your city -- you'll laugh and you'll cry.  he's the greatest. <br />sandra bullock is luminous in this picture and i quite enjoyed watching it.  the flashback scenes to her childhood give more insight into her character than anything else in the film.  i will definitely recommend this one to friends.
B000001DV2|4.0|HYSTERIA had amazing staying power, spawning hits well into 1989, nearly 18 months after its release. As the dust settled from that holocaust, Def Leppard went to work on a follow-up...or a reasonable facsimile. More tragedy would come their way as guitarist Steve Clark sank deeper into alcohol abuse, and would eventually do himself in. While ADRENALIZE may have been intended to prove that Def Leppard had survived once again despite the odds, it was clear Clark's death had robbed them of a fair amount of soul. The panoramic instrumentation is still there, but it's mostly used to augment the slow ballads that are the focus of much of the album. In fact, the album's 5 hits were far cries from, say, \\"Pour Some Sugar On Me\\". \\"Make Love Like A Man\\", \\"Stand Up (Kick Love Into Motion)\\", \\"Tonight\\" and \\"Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad\\" are well-written songs as usual, but the performances could use a little more oomph. Quite simply, even 5 years after HYSTERIA, Leppard was still a little road-weary. The rockers that do exist on here are a little bit more successful. The \\"infectious with a capital I\\" opener \\"Let's Get Rocked\\" is a wonderful flashback to the early '70s glam rock that has always been an inspiration to Def Leppard. Of course, its place as an opener betrays the album's overall somber mood. While ADRENALIZE managed to enter the charts at #1 in 1992, even in the midst of the grunge explosion, that was basically a testament to Def Leppard's immense popularity shortly after HYSTERIA. As the next album SLANG would show, possibly Leppard had exhausted its formerly-foolproof formula for bombastic hair metal. Either way, ADRENALIZE showed Def Leppard as a band with a lot less adrenaline in them than usual.
B000002UJQ|2.0|I got this cd after hearing how it was possibly the greatest cd of all time from shows like Vh1 &quot;The List&quot; and other places. Don't believe it, unless you really enjoy radiohead. I do not particularly enjoy this cd or their other cd that has been big titled &quot;The Bends.&quot; I do feel there are some good songs on the cd like &quot;No Surprises,&quot; and &quot;Karma Polica&quot; and &quot;Parnoid Android.&quot; (I do feel that karma police and paranoid android are two of the most brilliant songs of the 90's and that is why this cd receives two stars) Other than these three songs, I would not recommend this cd, and would recommend downloading the three mentioned songs.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I know that in this album Blink have got more main-stream, and loads of people complain about it, But its still a really great album. I have Buddha, EotS and Dude Ranch and I think theyre all really good albums, and come on, theyve hardly become BSB in this album, have they?
0783226845|5.0|An academy award was the least Pacino could have picked up for his role as a blind, blunt ex liutenant-colonel is this well directed movie. This movie brings a boquet of emotions as well as bringing out the inner child in anyone. This movie makes you wanna cry, laugh, and even learn to tango. I loved it and i gave it an excellent rating. My recommendation is if you are in the mood for a great movie...grab a bucket of popcorn and make this your movie for the night.
B00003CXDU|4.0|This is, most importantly, a spoof of Star Trek and the Star Trek phenomenon. The story follows the adventures of the cast of a wildly popular cancelled sci-fi tv show, now living off their past glory as they travel to conventions and suffer their fans' adulation, as they are brought into outer space by aliens who believe their TV adventures were real to save their civilization from...well, I'm not gonna give it ALL away. The characters and situations are all very obviously based on their &quot;Star Trek&quot; couterparts: the heroic womanizing captain, the sexy female, the alien played by a frustrated thespian, the anonymous ensign who is supposed to get killed, and so forth. The characterization of the fandom phenomenon is slightly over-the-top, but only very slightly (if you know a devout &quot;trekker,&quot; you know what I mean).<br />For what it's worth, the comedy is funny and the adventure is exciting. The thrill comes from watching people overcone their insecurities to find the heroes within themselves. Much of the humor comes from seeing normal people trying to deal with the fact something they always thought was fiction is actually real. With that in mind, the film is enjoyable even if you're not familiar with &quot;Trek.&quot;<br />The movie succeeds in keeping things light. Things do get dark and down on occasion, but you're never worried that things will not turn out alright, you just wonder how. And of course the ending ties up all the loose ends and sets up an optimistic future for everybody.<br />This lighness is a bit of a relief fom some of the over-long, intense, heavy-duty epics that have been clogging up the Oscar nominations these past few years. On the other hand, it does leave a feeling of needing just a little something extra. In my opinion, this film wants a cartoon, newsreel, and second feature. That's right, this is a perfect movie for a Saturday matinee; not too long, thrilling but not too heavy, and leaving you with enough room to digest something else. I believe that the perfect movie to see with this would be another sci-fi movie that came out not long after this one, that is simillarly not too long and not too deep, but is darker and more serious: &quot;Pitch Black.&quot; I'll be writing a review of that movie soon.st something else. I believe that the perfect movie to see with this would be another sci-fi movie that came out not long after this one, that is simillarly not too long and not too deep, but is darker and more serious: &quot;Pitch Black.&quot; I'll be writing a review of that movie soon.
6305078564|5.0|I have to disagree with Mr King - the technical quality of this DVD does no justice to the production. While its excellent content completely overshadows comparative trivia such as picture quality, I fear that people expecting a visual treat to match the artistry will be disappointed.<br />We have PAL tapes of the original BBC broadcasts(which are not that old!)and they outshine this DVD, even accounting for technical differences between NTSC and PAL formats. I fear this disc has suffered at some stage from a very poor PAL to NTSC transfer - other NTSC US discs have fared far better on our TV.
0399146253|1.0|I have read all of Patrica Cornwell's books and until the last one, I loved all of them. The last one was questionable but this one is terrible. I wonder if she is using a ghost writer. I can't believe the same person who wrote her earlier books wrote this one.
0399146253|2.0|This book was a real burden to read.  I have really enjoyed all of the other Scarpetta books even the Hornet's Nest etc, series.  This was just, I don't know, boring.   The plot, never found it really.  Kept jumping around.  One chapter it is all about her and Benton, then Lucy and her money, boss, whatever.  Her job, did she quit, will she stay?  Her therapy.  She needs therapy.  Should have dumped all this stuff in two or three chapters and maybe had Scarpetta moving to New York to start something new.  Felt like this book satisfied some deadline to get a new book out and did not have any ideas!
076790382X|3.0|I read the entire 'walk in the woods' in one sitting, which I would say was one of the best books I've ever read.  On the strength of that I bought this book.  <br />It was definitely funny in parts, and certainly an easy read.  But I felt a bit cheated.  While some of the articles (this book is a complication of newspaper columns) were great, others were just plain sub-par.  Perhaps spread out over a year or so (as the articles were written), it may have been ok but to read essentially the same articles over and over - his problems with computers and technology, for example, really dragged.  As an example, he complains about his spell-checker. He must have bought some really bad software to get a spell checker as bad as the one he described.  Maybe they were that bad when he got his - but these things change so the book is now out of date. And what did that have to do with returning to America from England?  Hmmm.... <br />But if you ignore the technology stuff, it really does have some funny articles.  I wish it had been edited a little more, that's all.
B000002U84|5.0|This album is cool!  The video of Hungry Like the Wolf was one of the best Duran Duran 1982 videos.  Yeah, some said that it was released in 1983.  My Own Way, Rio, Hold Back the Rain, and Hungry Like the Wolf are the songs that are danceable.  Save a Prayer is the best ballad song in this album (compare to Lonely In Your Nightmare and The Chauffeur).  Le Bon's voice sounded sweet and pretty when he sang ballads.  Duran Duran's music in the 80s rocks because most of their songs are danceable!
B00004Y6RO|5.0|I didn't like this CD when I first heard it...and my friend played it every day...but one day when I was angry, Slipknot's aggressive style really helped me channel my anger.  I liked metal in the past and had gotten out of it, Slipknot brought me back to music that is ME, music that is far more real than the pop garbage out there today.  I got to meet Slipknot, and I have to say that they are the nicest, most down to earth people I have ever met, and having met them makes the album all the more powerful for me.  I can't choose a favourite song...i love them all.
0446364495|1.0|This book is manipulative, predictable, sacharine, wildly overwrought emotional porn.   Waller knows how to pull the heartstrings-to a point he's a genius at it, but hasn't the decency to use a feather's touch and let things happen gently.   <br />For the reader, &quot;the Bridges&quot; is a masochistic exercise of turning the other cheek to blow after blow from a blunt literary instrument.   Waller is not content to let the reader slowly fall into the sadness of love cut short of its full tragectory.   <br />In the first few pages he completely delivers his bittersweet emotional package in prose as big as a billboard, then for the remainder of the book relentlessly sledgehammers the message in.<br />Don't read it.   Don't buy it.   Don't waste your time.
B0000025YL|2.0|Accept is one of the most frustrating bands I've ever heard.  I own all of their albums from R&amp;W through Russian Roulette.  And I don't like, or even remember (vapor music!), any of them; save for one song: &quot;Balls To The Wall.&quot;  But that's it.  Still that doesn't quite cross the finish line or even fit with the rest of the songs on BTTW.  <br />This band always struck me as nothing more than a bunch of posers; a wannabe hybrid of AC/DC and Judas Priest.  Except for the song mentioned above, none of their music ever sounded sincere/convincing.  There is no feel to any of the guitar playing.  The songs just drag from beginning to end; very rigid with poor pacing.  I wanted so much for these songs to soar.  But they never did.  I had this feeling for almost all of Accept's songs; not just this album.  This is one of the rare bands that I can't say is overrated because they never had much success in the first place!! (well, compared to Maiden, Priest, etc.)<br />By far the thing that wrecked this band the most was Udo Dirkschneider.  Metal Heart (great title) could've been a classic if it weren't for him.  Udo's truly one of the worst vocalists in the history of heavy metal.  He has no range what-so-ever.  Udo's so bad that me makes other singers I once thought were bad seem good by comparison (Brian Johnson, for example).  Hell, he's also one of those rare metal singers that is ugly as sin.  His vocals always seemed out of place compared to the rest of the band's &quot;sound.&quot;<br />Their lyrics always ringed false and unconvincing.  And were at their worst and creepiest (gay?...) with Balls to the Wall.  I don't know.  Maybe if I was born and raised in Germany I'd like this band more...<br />As I am today, I think that there are other, better albums out there by better bands than this BIG disappointment.
0465068359|1.0|If you don't know anything about Japan and Japanese, you may be brain-washed by this book. Iris Chang wrote many disgusting discriptions not based on the truth. The pictures on this book are terrible, they are fake. One of the picture shows that one tank fires small house. But you know what, this tank did not exist at this time!! Where did she get this picture? This is like a political propaganda. And wrong translation and misunderstanding of Japanese culture. She may not able to read Japanese language I think. Many Japanese don't care this book, 'cause it looks bad, cheap joke. You need to know the truth, and you never know the truth from this book.
B00000064G|5.0|Nick Drake made timeless music that's best discovered in young adulthood and then revisited with great pleasure and awe over the decades ahead. Drake's music is often gloomy and self-centered: just the thing for those undergraduate years! The VW ad featuring &quot;Pink Moon&quot; is bringing in a new generation of fans, but they're being steered to one of his more challenging albums. While &quot;Pink Moon&quot; is essential for Drake fans, more immediate pleasures can be found in the majestic records &quot;Five Leaves Left&quot; and &quot;Bryter Layter.&quot; They are more musical and inviting works. Drake was in pretty bad shape when he made &quot;Pink Moon,&quot; and his terminal sadness saturates the work. That said, there are beautiful songs here, stark and compelling.
0553106635|5.0|Gods be good, where do I start.  It says a lot about a book when you skip writing class to read it.  It says a lot when you can laugh out loud on one page, and come as close to crying as you have since the first time you saw Home Alone (Come on, guys.  Give me a break.  I was nine.) on the next.  This book was utterly phenomenal.   Old villains are seen in a new light, and old heroes as well.  You keep turning the pages and turning the pages.  Martin's style is neither sparse nor long-winded, and the story is really no longer than it has to be.  By the end of the story, you have an idea of what the plot of the series is about.\   The fact that Martin kills major characters almost at a whim (though we all know it's not) just serves to help you empathize.  It's hard to fear for a character in jeopardy in a book where you know they'll never die. On the other hand, when your favorites can die suddenly, every time they're in the slightest bit of trouble, you can't help but feel a sense of terror every time they're even on the page.  One particular scene is so perfectly written that you can see what's coming, but you can't stop reading, and it all seems to go in slow motion, to the point where I was actually shouting &quot;No!&quot; in my head, in slow motion, really deep like I was actually in the scene.  This man's a genius, the sort who makes aspiring writers like me think &quot;Why bother.  I can't even approach this.&quot;   I only have a few fears.  One, that I won't live the next year to read the next.  Two, that by the time he finishes the fourth book, EVERYBODY will be dead.  Three, that the series will end when it's supposed to, leaving me unable to get any more fixes.  And four, that the series will peter out and keep going on and on and on and on until a six book series winds up going at least twelve.  We've all seen that, haven't we?   If I had to sum up George R.R. Martin's work in three words, it could only be these: &quot;Buy this.  Now.&quot;
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|The movie, mixed with these perfect sounds, will produce dramatic  effects on any viewer. Darron Aronofsky is now the &quot;Picasso&quot; of film industry, with respects to Bill Viola (another film genius). Everything is supurb. No less.
B0000033WC|5.0|When I bought this album, I had high unusually expectations, but it was better than I could've ever imagined. There are so many classics on here. I am honest when I'm saying that I can listen to &quot;Sweet Jane&quot; and &quot;Rock and Roll&quot; and day, and not get tired of either song. Those are two of my favorite rock n roll songs ever written. The moving ballad, &quot;New Age&quot;, can also bear repeated listens. &quot;Who Loves the Sun&quot; has a slightly dated, almost Beatles-esque feeling to it, but I love it. I don't know what appeals to me about these stripped-down rock songs whose lyrics clash between reality, love, casual occurences, and occassionally half-baked humor...similar to what bands like the Barenaked Ladies are doing today, but it's soo good. The fully loaded edition is essential. Not all of the bonus tracks, outtakes, and demos are good, but you will be missing out on so much if you don't get the fully loaded edition. The second disc adds so much to an already spectacular classic.
630441403X|3.0|I watched Leaving Las vegas three times,each time rewinding my video with more of a sense of confusion.I understood the somewhat subtle plot and tried to come into terms with the characters in the movie.Nicolas Cage is great in this film dont get me wrong,but his character seemed very imaginary and unfruitful.Liz Shue's acting was also praisworthy however thin her appearance seemed.One has a sense that there is some part of the film missing,could be Im wrong but I failed to find the significance of the other characters in the film i.e-the Russian &quot;pimp&quot;,If youre not into non linear films with strange scenes appearing from out of the blue give this a miss,but if you like a well portrayed broken man with a serious drinking problem and a suicidal view on life then check out this one.
6304057709|5.0|Man!  That Jane Austin knew what she was doing!  This film is beautiful.  Starring my personal favorite; Kate Winslet as Marianne Dashwood.  Emma Thompson and Hugh Grant are BRILLIANT as well.  Alan Rickman plays the timid Colonel Brandon.  A must see for all romantics who thought all was lost because of rejection by a lover.  This is an amazing film!
B00004Y7SF|3.0|Nice voice, terrible picture for the holiday season.  You're not supposed to look like a porn star at Christmas.
B00004U30D|5.0|I am one that loved it!!  Annette Bening (need I say more) and Kevin Spacey deliver stellar performances.  An interesting tale of two people that completely lost themselves somewhere in their lives.  At least rent it and see for yourself.  I hope you'll be as pleased as I was!
B00004XOWM|2.0|It is a sad story when you think about it. Their debut was a near prefect release. Significant Other gave us a new sound. Not really a bad thing but it made hardcore fans pretty upset. But with this album they have not reinvented themselves but they have become downright predictable. Every song is like significant other's track list just worse. My Generation is a good song but lets face it. Limp Bizkit has lost Originality and whatever happened to that LOW END. they really blew it this time.
B00003W8NM|5.0|this one is definitely one of the best movie's that came out the last 10 years totally original and brilliant and it could never been better but i disagree with some people saying that the last 20 minutes was like any  typical action movie, well the hole movie is great and i totally agreed with there msg .. but i also think that a msg like this coming from a big Hollywood movie isn't that strong or doesn't make any sense , at least the fact that it becomes weaker than the novel wich buy the way is amazing <br />as a movie i find it totally entertaining , i think that Edward Nortonwas acting was better than  Brad Pitt but along with the msg and the acting and the hip sound track i think that David Fincher (the Director) is the one behind all this magic , the dark way the movie came out us i think thats why fight club is a great movie <br />great movie , great story , great sound track , great acting , what more could you possibly want .. get it or regret it
0780631684|1.0|Hold on to those ceredit cards. To put it bluntly, this movie bites. Over an hour and a half of typical teeny-bopper nonsense. Everyone associated with this &quot;project from hell&quot; should be tarred and feathered. First off the script is poorly written. Then the direction of the script is poorly executed. Oh, let's not forget the casting. The only thing this movie was missing was  Freddie Prinze JR, Sarah Gellar, and the Backside Boys. My God what has the movie making industry come to. Shame on New Line who  usually put out good filmaking.
B00001ZWBQ|5.0|I've been a Bee Gees fan since 1967 and actually saw their World Tour performance at Wembley Stadium.  I read some of the reviews on this site about audio problems on 5.1 but I honestly don't know what they're talking about.  It sounds Great!  It's the best music concert DVD that I own.  This is an absolute &quot;must have&quot; if you're a Bee Gees fan.
0671015206|4.0|I found the book most useful in awakening my own beliefs of money and why I didn't have much of it.  Although some points made were sometimes redundant (i.e. such as the types of cars or credit cards millionaires own)....it was an interesting read.
B00004XPOZ|5.0|Can't add antything new to the other reviews, just that I agree with all the good ones...
6302820448|5.0|This movie is great stuff.  In it, Bill Murray plays a misanthropic weatherman who gets stuck in a time loop, and keeps on waking up every morning in Punxatawney Pennsylvania on February 2nd.  He is funny, but still basically a jerk (a funny jerk) for about the first half of the movie.  Eventually, it seems to start to sink in that he is in this little town for keeps, and he may as well appreciate what it has to offer, and what he might have to offer it.   Gradually, he starts to actually value life for the first time ever.  He learns to play a mean jazz piano; ice sculpting; auto mechanics; basic medical skills, etc. etc. etc.  He ends up &quot;getting the girl&quot; in the end, but that isn't exactly the point, I don't think.  First he has to learn to see what is beautiful or valuable in the world around him, as well as inside himself, and to act upon that understanding, before he is even seen as a human being by the people around him.  This movie has heart, and really makes you wake up and see the world in a different, better light.  I paid this movie the ultimate, and most appropriate compliment after I bought the tape -- after I saw it the first time, I just rewound it, and immediately watched it again.
0679879269|4.0|The Amber Spyglass is a fantastic novel, I was really touched with the riveting plotline, and the continuing suspense and adventure that Philip Pullman weaved me into! <br />However, I can't help but imagine a COMPLETELY different Amber Spyglass! I wouldn't have made the story as painful and sorrowful, although I WOULD have kept each idea that Pullman created, as each one was unique and interesting in its own way  e.g. reuniting with Roger, John Parry, and Lee Scoresby.<br />The Golden Compass was nonetheless beautifully written! It's rich and exquisite use of vocabulary truly brought out each individual personality, and although each character DID have just as many positive as well as negative qualities, the reader's opinion was never ruffled, and a wholesome image of each individual was created! <br />The Subtle Knife was none less than AMAZING! Truly, I can't think of any other word to sum it up... with a continuous riveting pace, I had to catch my breath many times to actually absorb what had just happened! AND the vocabulary was just as beautifully composed as the first novel in the series, even though it was VERY thorougly PACKED with information to leave the reader gasping! I think that this was IDEAL! This I believe, was the climax of the plot. :)<br />BUT! Truly, I think The Amber Spyglass could have been improved in SO many ways, to fulfill the image that the previous two novels in the series created! I found that although the ideas in this novel were remarkable, true to Philip Pullman's style, the way in which he COMPOSED them was so sorrowful and they almost appeared to drone on and on! <br />I also noticed that the elegance in which both The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife were written was somewhat lost, as the all-round descriptions of characters faded into the background, and I feel that we only experienced more of a one-sided image of them. I think that Pullman was concentrating more on HOW to make his characters actually cross the next hurdle, than concentrating on expanding their personalities.  However, this DID reflect on his writing, and for this reason, I believe he could have improved and added more of a mix of emotions, rather than one particular emotion e.g. Will - throughout the course of the novel, we saw practically ONLY his passionate/angry side! I don't know about other readers' opinions, but I would have enjoyed maybe just a few moments of laughter, where Will might have been content and relaxed! I mean, I've seen quite a bit of his passionate emotions ALREADY in The Subtle Knife! <br />His only MAIN personality change was in the ending, (and this was mainly because of what he felt about Lyra!) I won't say any more! :) <br />Next, I believe that instead of writing such a detailed series of chapters MAINLY about Will and Lyra's journey to the land of the dead, I believe that Pullman could have had a more detailed description of the battle scene in which Will could have actually been on the battlefield, challenging the Authority. On the battlefield as well, could have been the thousands of ghosts, and along with them could have been Lyra's dear friend Roger, along with Will's father, John Parry, and of course, the kind Lee Scoresby.  In addition, adding details about Will and Lyra's typical opinions/emotions (that so many readers have grown to love), regarding the catastrophic environment that they were in etc, would have created a better impact on the readers e.g. &quot;Will's face contorted in pain,&quot; or &quot;Lyra's desperate longing to help, but knowing that she couldn't&quot; etc.  <br />However, the main idea that I am trying to convey is that in order to ENHANCE his remarkable ideas, Pullman should have done more character evolution GRADUALLY over the course of the story, so as to help to enhance the plotline as well! Pullman should have also written his plotline so that it was short, and YET elegant/rich in detail.<br />However, I am pleased with the novel because these were truly the types of feelings/emotions that HE was trying to convey to the readers.  The only other change I would have made would have had to be to the ending!! :) Come on! After all they've been through together! Will and Lyra should at least have had the satisfaction of seeing/visiting each other from their own worlds whenever they had the chance! :) <br />All in all, I believe it deserves 4 stars, and if yet another novel is to be published in His Dark Materials series, I would be MORE than willing to read it!
B000002BSV|5.0|This CD only cost me 2 (about $3) and it has to be one of the best bargains ever. This is so packed with lively exciting tracks which could be singles it's amazing. Trash has to be the best thing they've ever done, but Lazy and Starcrazy  are gloriously glammy pop, while the slower songs are much better than those on Head Music. By the Sea and The Chemistry Between Us are the best of those. Only the slightly annoying Filmstar fails to keep up the standard. Their best thing ever
B00003CWOL|1.0|This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  It is very boring and uninteresting and the story is just plain stupid.  The acting and directing was horrendous as well.  Kevin Smith should be ashamed to release such a total piece of garbage like this.  I can't believe the actors/actresses agreed to do this movie.  It's THAT bad.
0790729601|1.0|This film was just plain bad.  It had . . .<br />&gt; Bad acting. &gt; Bad plot. &gt; Bad dialogue. &gt; Bad stunts.<br /> . . . In short, it was just plain bad.
B00004XOWM|4.0|i listened to bizkit when significant other came out and havn't listened to them for a while. When i heard this cd i first thought it was a pile of trash, but i kept listening to it and now i think its a pretty good &quot;rock&quot; album. When Fred durst was talking about this album he said that what they were trying to do was create a good groove for every song, and in that i believe they succeeded. This cd really gets you moving, and if you look at it like that and try not to review its music critically you will realize that bizkit has created one of the most energetic albums of the year. If you want to listen to things that are a little more musical and complex go check out the new Radiohead or Sunny Day Real Estate
0790729350|5.0|After seeing the original release (1970) a couple of dozen times in an assortment of theatres (with varying degrees of sound quality), the Director's Cut DVD was a pleasant surprise.      Past reviews on this website have pointed out that the film was too much documentary, and not enough music video. Well, there wasn't much of a music video industry back in 1969.     As far as its merits as a documentary are concerned, it won the Oscar(R) for Best Documentary (feature) in 1970.
B0000024SI|5.0|wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow (one &quot;wow&quot; to each track on this masterpiece) D.K -Israel
B00004Y7SF|1.0|Do not waste your money on this CD if you want a good christmas album buy Mariah Carey's &quot;Merry christmas
6300214028|5.0|For those of us who appreciate movies that both entertain and educate, Warren Beatty's vastly underrated magnum opus \\"Reds\\" is a wonderful example of how well the two can be combined. Although it did not succeed at the box office, this magnificent spectacle concerning the involvement of an American socialist reporter in the Bolshevik revolution is a terrific movie, and also features Warren Beatty in the pivotal role of John Reed, an American journalist covering Soviet affairs for a progressive American socialist journal called \\"The Masses\\" who found his way into a series of important roles in the Soviet revolution and the regime that followed. Also found here is a especially memorable performance by Diane Keaton as the companion, love interest and prot&eacute;g&eacute; of Reed's who also served in a variety of roles in the new communist regime shortly after the revolution.<br />This movie is largely based on Reed's moving autobiographical portrait of his personal experiences during the October revolution in his best selling book \\"Ten Days That Shook The World\\". The movie opens by exploring Reed's relationship with Keaton's early feminist character, and chronicles their growth and evolution toward a socialist perspective and an eventual commitment to political journalism that took them to the streets of Moscow in the days just preceding the October revolution.  Also prominently featured in the movie is Jack Nicholson as Reed's intellectual friend, novelist and playwright Eugene O'Neil. This is a quite entertaining, sophisticated, and historically accurate effort to show America's own flirtation with unionism, socialism and communism and the reaction of more conservative forces within the business and civic community. The exploration of lifestyles and constant questioning of tradition and conformity make this a terrific teaching tool by showing how critically we can look at the lessons of history. Enjoy!
B00004XONN|4.0|Kid A is probably Radioheads most immediate album to date. With or without guitars, Thom Yorkes voice and ear for a pop tune make Kid A instantly memorable and hummable (you will find yourself singing phrases of some of the songs the next day). However, one wonders where now for Radiohead-their efforts to produce and avant garde/experimental/less obvious piece of work have backfired as their pop talent overrides any desire to be &quot;uncommercial&quot;. TO those who need three to four listens to get this record, you are not listening hard enough.
0783243499|2.0|They sure changed the flavor of the book that I read! Instead of making the book into a movie .. they made a movie from some highschool girls book report about the book. Being in high school she either .. A) didn't really read the book and only wrote her report about a few chapters or portions of chapters  B) had to leave out the sexy, gruesome stuff or parents and teachers would get upset  OR  C)  Didn't understand any of it so she wrote her book report about only the simplest parts that she did understand. This is what happens when a story that couldn't and probably shouldn't have been made into a movie - gets turned over to a production company that only wants to use the notoriety of the title to sell tickets. Once you are in the theater they can show you any story as long as the names of the characters are unchanged from the book, the locale and key catch lines and phrases remain. Although the acting performances were excellent when judged on their own merit .. American Psycho was so totally sanitized that it came out looking like &quot;The Shining Does Wall Street&quot; with an ending plucked straight out of the &quot;Dallas&quot; TV night time soap!  Patrick Bateman/Bobby Ewing really didn't do any of those things .. only in his mind/dream. The NOVEL left you UNDECIDED as to the reality of the deeds .. this MOVIE softens the whole thing and all but superimpose an &quot;IMAGINARY KILLER&quot; caption over Bateman's headshot at the end. This film should have been called &quot;AMERICAN PSYCHO LITE&quot;. I realize how distateful the book was but why turn it into a Saturday matinee? I'd much rather they had not made the movie at all than to have to soak it in so much estrogen that it was drained of all its energy. Director Harron should find some windows to wash or cookies to bake ... where are Wes Craven and David Cronenberg when you really need them? If you have not read the book, watch the movie. If you have read the book ... flee .. and keep your mental imagesintact!
6305903182|4.0|SCREAM 3... Hello Sidney, even the catch phrase is appealing. Neve Campbell delivers yet another great acting performance in the latest and supposidly last &quot;Scream&quot; film from brilliant director from the Freddy Kreuger days, Wes Craven. With a well thought out opening scenes with special effects even on the titles brings the atmosphere of such a film early on. The whole film keeps you guessing, who is behing the mask? The &quot;film within a film&quot; aspect is a very original idea for the ending of what I see as an almost perfect triligy.<br />Where did the last star vanish to?<br />Slight bordom in death scenes.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This was one of the best movies I have ever seen.  Russell Crowe gave an excellent performance and the fight scene were nothing short of spectacular.  This is a definite must see for anybody, no matter what kind of film you like, it is just that good.
B00003CXFG|3.0|Do you think a film about nasty aliens is ever going to outdo Alien or Aliens? I doubt it but of all the derivatives I have seen this one does better than most.<br />The story is simple (or is the word thin): space ship crash lands on planet, a known multiple murderer is within their ranks (Vin Diesel), planet is infested by nasty flying lizards that only come out in the dark and despite having three suns, a total eclipse (once every twenty two years) is on its way.<br />The characters are rounded out(I suppose): Vin Diesel is cool as the not-quite-as-psychotic mass murderer - and his hyper sensitive eyes are a valuable asset in the dark. Cole Hauser makes a good bounty-hunter-not-good-cop and Radha Mitchell serves her purpose as the gutsy captain (but I am sorry - you were a million miles from Ripley).<br />Where the movie does move beyond mediocre is in the effects and the simplicity of the tale (it touches on deep meaning but gives up quickly). The crash at the start is good as are the lizards themselves. Thousands (millions) swooping overhead as the light extinguishes: very locust-like. The killing is very CGI (a la Deep Blue Sea) and the ending gets a little tense.<br />I liked this and I said it is better than many. Well worth having a look.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|It may have not been accurate where history is concerned, but those people who dweel on 'gadget x wasn't properly connected to gadget c in the upper right corner of the backround in scene 12&quot; need to take a lesson in how to enjoy movies, because regardless of any historical inaccuracies, this was a great movie.
B000002KBA|5.0|In Rock is a document of a band in full throttle glory and is one of the most important heavy metal albums ever made. Ian Gillan had a totally unique style of singing that had never been displayed before with his operatic screams of fury and his hair raising vocal range. This is the man who influenced countless metal frontmen from Rob Halford to the great Geoff Tate. Now you add to this mix the virtuoso team of guitarrist Ritchie Blackmore,drummer Ian Paice,organnist Jon Lord along with bassist Roger Glover and you have one mean baddass ensemble. The world would take notice. &quot;Speed King&quot; kicks off the album with a blinding racing force that is relentless and introduces the thunderous magnificence of Ian Paice and the lightning speed riffs of Ritchie Blackmore. &quot;BloodSucker&quot; grooves with a malevolent metallic crunch that culminates with the psychotic shrieks of Ian Gillan. Jon Lord's organ and Ian Gillan's vocals dominate the quiet spiritual beginnings of &quot;Child In Time&quot; which in turn becomes a volcanic frenzied display of fretwork from Ritchie Blackmore. The song concludes with a dizzying spiral of screams that swallow you like a unforgiving pool of quicksand. &quot;Flight Of The Rat&quot; is a rocker that showcases all of the talents of this great band especially drummer Ian Paice who gets to shred some skins with his potent technique. The caged wrath of &quot;Into The Fire&quot; and the savage sensual assault of &quot;Hard Lovin' Man&quot; highlight the rest of this metal masterpiece. Essential.   O.F.
B000002LEE|5.0|I enjoy the music on this CD very much.  Perry Farrell applies vocals with serious lyrical content to heavy metal music.  The first verse presented provokes more thought than an entire album from some bands: &quot;wish i was ocean size / they cannot move you / no one tries / no one pulls you / out from your hole / like a tooth aching in a jawbone&quot;   I HAD A DAD confronts the question of God's involvement in our lives. &quot;if you see my dad / tell him my brothers / all gone mad / they're beating on each other / i walked around / even tried to call / got that funny feeling / he's not there / at all ...&quot;  TED, JUST ADMIT IT presents television as the opium of the masses as Perry shouts the CD title &quot;nothing's shocking&quot;.  He even parodies his own rantings in STANDING IN THE SHOWER.. THINKING.  The heavy metal platform is firmly established by David Navarro (g), Eric A (b) and Stephen Perkins (d).  On MOUNTAIN SONG, they play like the best band from Kashmir singing songs about their black dog, but there is certainly no communication breakdown as Perry is coming down that mountain to announce, &quot;everybody has their own opinion.&quot; The hit is JANE SAYS (no relation ;D).  IMO, this is a very perceptive song about relationships -- one of the best.  If you are interested in heavy metal music with serious lyrical content, or in a band which influenced the music of the 90's, this CD will interest you.
B00004Y7SF|4.0|I am a 48 year old man with a teenage daughter. I'm naturally exposed to all of my daughter's music, and Christina caught my ear the first time I heard her pop songs. When I heard she was doing a Christmas album guess who was the first to run out and get it--me. I really enjoy almost all of the tracks but it is her performance on &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot; and &quot;Oh Holy Night&quot; that really knocked me out. She is a little powerhouse with an incredible range, both in pitch and dynamics. I think she is destined for even bigger things as she matures. I suppose if there is anything negative I could say it would be that she may over-embelish the melody when sometimes a simpler more direct approach would work as well, or better. She has so much vocal talent it is hard for her not to bend it, shape it in every imaginable way. I think some of this will work out as she matures both as a person and an artist. I truly think this CD is the perfect bridge between two musical styles, contemporary and traditional. My advice is run, don't walk to go get this CD.
B000006NPY|5.0|Just finished watching VH1 storytellers with the pumpkins, and I was dissapointed 'cause they didn't play a single song from adore. 'Oh well' I thought, 'Might as well just pop on the headphones and give Adore another listen to.  Ahhhh. Sweet bliss!!'
B00003CXDG|2.0|I had extremely high expectations coming into this film, John Woo and Tom Cruise, how could they go wrong.  They did and very badly.  I am a huge Woo fan, I own all of his Hong Kong films and his previous american work.  They all have the Woo touch, to put it bluntly, Woos action films need ultraviolence.  A PG-13 rating isn't going to cut it in Wooland.  True, the motorcycle chase is well done, and the mountain climbing at the beginning is handled with the skill of a master, but I still expect more action from Woo.  The acting is passable, Tommy doesn't quite cut it, his hair flailing all over the place.  Thandie Newton is sexuality personified, she is wasted also in a nothing part.  The plot is dumbed down to a painfully basic level.  The trademark masks are used as a primary plot device, which is disgraceful and manipulative.  The movie drags in the middle very badlyThe last thing is the action sequences.  Woo employs his standard two gun approach, and the pigeons are used to a ridiculous excess.  The movie doesn't work as a whole, and is ranks just ahead of Hard Target as Woo's worst American movie.  Go ahead, watch it, just don't expect much.
B00000J2PH|5.0|I first hear Carole King singing &quot;Child of Mine,&quot; on the album &quot;For our Children&quot; when I was ten.  It was so pretty it made me cry.  Years later my Dad bought me her Tapestry album.  This is easily her best album.  It sold over eleven-million copies in print.  It won a number of grammy awards, and has been well loved.  I hope it doesn't get worn out.  Carole is a great singer and I really want to meet her someday, especially in concert.  Ms King, if you ever fall upon this review, do drop me an email.  I have some questions I'd like to ask you.
6305807086|5.0|This movie is only bested by Eyes Wide Shut in the year of 1999 for the best movie of the year.  This movie lets the creative juices flow with impunity.  The lack of creativity in other movies becomes readily apparent after watching this movie.  It also works on so many levels, multiple viewings are a must.  It works as a satire, comedy, and drama.  The acting is this movie is excellent, John Cusack gives a great performence, Cameron Diaz becomes a housewife and is surprisingly thoroughly convincing.  The cameos are fantastic, there is one that is especially hilarious, I won't tell.  The best thing about this movie is that it convinces you of it's reality.  It's never boring, it just keeps throwing new things in your face.  Great film, I give it my highest recommendation.
6305807086|1.0|This is one of only 2 movies I have almost walked out of. The characters were shallow, the plot was thin, and the only entertaining aspect of the movie was the overall concept and imagery. If you took this movie, added some substance, and withdrew some of the awkward moments, you might have something.  I know I am in the minority in these views, but I'm not afraid to admit it.
B00004Z4WR|4.0|This movie is great fun to watch.  The characters are laughable and the dialogue preposterous, but I haven't had this much fun at the movies in a long time.  It's always fun to watch an all-star cast in an action movie.  The car chases are great, employing the typical MTV style cutting, but I think it works contrary to most critics.  I think it's pathetic for critics to hate Gone in 60 Seconds for the same reason they love Charlies Angels.  This is brainless entertainment, you won't take anything away from it, but you will get your money's worth.
0525945636|5.0|In 1958, he awakens in the public toilet Of DC's Union Station.  In the mirror he looks at the reflection of a bum.  Still, the image means nothing to him, as he has no idea who he is.  A companion Pete informs him he is Luke, a wino and that they shared a bottle last night.  However, in spite of his buddy's insistence, being a derelict seems wrong to Luke and when he has no psychological need to find alcohol he concludes that Pete is a liar.<br />  Luke begins to search for his lost identity and the someone who went to the trouble of setting up the tramp scenario.  As he uncovers more and more of the truth, Luke realizes that he is somehow involved in the American space race to match the Russian successful launch of Sputnik.  How and what his role was eludes Luke who remains unaware of the master plan to abort the space program.<br />Ken Follett returns to his most comfortable milieu, the heated period of the Cold War with a fabulous, fast-paced thriller.  The story line moves forward quickly as readers obtain a look back to an era that seems so much like ancient history though it is only four decades ago.  Though a bit formulaic, the plot keeps the attention of the audience due to Luke's everyman fighting impossible odds a la Grant on Rushmore.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
B000002LR3|5.0|This is wonderfull! I've had this album for years and its an honor to tell the world my feelings about it here at Amazon. 'Higher Than The Sun' is just TOO ROMANTIC!!
0440219078|5.0|This book is a must for every young adult out there. This book is about a boy who lives in the perfect world, with no poverty, hunger, divorce, not even feelings. Everybody thinks they live in the perfect world, but Jonas comes to a rude awakening. At the ceramony of the twelve's he is assigned to be the Reciever of Memory. The most powerful and respected person in the community. The Giver(the current reciever of memory) begins to train Jonas to become what he is now. He begins to give all the memories of the past through him to Jonas. Jonas is stunned of how the world was so beautiful the world was with color and feelings. So Jonas decides to run away to find elswhere. <br />This book is the best book I have read. Although the ending is a little weird. I wish there was a sequel.
038533348X|3.0|I don't normally read contemporary fiction, except for Don Delillo, but I figured I would read Vonnegut because I think I confused him with Updike and because there was a Graham Greene blurb on the back. In any case, Vonnegut's black humour is mixed with a little too much knowing misanthropy for my taste. There are no sympathetic figures in the novel, which is roughly based on Shakespeare's Tempest, or at least set on the same island, San Lorenzo, but I could be mistaken. Official ceremonies, scientists, Indiana, and ambassadors all get the superior treatment from our narrator, Noah. The only sympathetic figure may be the scientist who built the bomb, but of course his childlike scientific play will ultimately destroy the world one way or another. Cat's Cradle would be a much better movie than novel, but only if it starred OJ Simpson and was turned into a slapstick comedy, because otherwise the black humour is just humourless misanthropy and the fantasy a tired device.
B00004XOWM|5.0|THIS CD KICKS BUTTOX. THE BAND'S STYLE HAS CHANGED A LITTLE BIT! SOME SONGS I THINK ARE PRETTY BORING. BUT IT BE'S AWESOME! GET THIS CD! BOTH HARD ROCK AND ALTERNATIVE FANS WILL LOVE THIS AWESOME CD! BUY IT!
6305308659|5.0|I enjoyed this movie very much. It has an amazing cast, who all played out their roles to the fullest. Tobey Maguire did an outstanding job, both in color an not. Reese Witherspoon gave a 10/10 performance, and brought a fresh look to her character. I really couldn't have liked this film more than I did. The special effects, give a splash of lively color to the black and white sceen. All in all it's a fun film, that'll make you wanna stand up and cheer.
B00003A9QI|4.0|Crisp orchestrations and beautiful melodies make this one of the more appealing soundtracks to come out in the last few years. One need not see the movie in order to appreciate the music. This album is largely a set of variations on a central theme (although a few of the tracks deviate from this), and since the theme is appealing and the variations themselves interesting, the album doesn't suffer as much as other soundtracks of similarly narrow focus. This is a sentimental, optimistic, and contemplative score that most will find easy on the ears.  In the end, I would say that the narrow-focus keeps it out of the five star range, but this is a great CD with no bad tracks whatsoever and a few that are truly memorable. I recommend it for your collection, especially if you appreciate sountracks as a genre, and contemporary orchestral music in general.<br />I would add that a sample of this music can be found in a PBS comercial that features Sesame Street's \\"Big Bird\\" escorting a young girl to various sites to witness events such as the toppling of the Berlin Wall and a lunar landing. The music seemed to fit the mood of th commercial wonderfully, so if you have seen the piece I've just described you will have a better idea of what this music is actually like.
B000001FY9|5.0|Bob Marley is quite simply one of the most talented musicians that ever walked the face of the earth. His words fill you with hope and happiness in a world that is full of hate and despair. I think this music will not only entertain you but it will touch you. Many of our favorite aritists come and go as time goes on. Bob Marley will always remain a favorite no matter the year or decade because his message will never grow old. So, if you want to relax, light up a joint and enjoy what Bob Marley has to offer.
B000000W5L|5.0|The Stones previous album, the spectacular STICKY FINGERS, sounds like it was recorded in the world's greatest studio, with engineers perfecting its every detail, taking each song individually. EXILE ON MAIN STREET sounds also like it was recorded in the worlds greatest studio, but in its basement, and during one long night. And thats why its so great. Its pure passion.  On 1972, the Stones decided to pay a tribute to blues, country, gospel and rock music. Nobody could have done it better.<br />You dont fall in love with EXILE the first time you listen to it. Its a process. EXILE seduces you. Each new listen is an invitation by EXILE to discover its secrets, its details, its sensations. And you cant help falling in love with it.<br />Just listen to VENTILATOR BLUES and imagine them playing it in Keith Richards' basement in Nellcote, France, with  only a little window in the room, on a steaming hot day, with their shirts off, sweating and sweating...&quot;gonna fight it.....gona fight it.....&quot; Yeah, those endings!. They could go on and on. The horns on ROCKS OFF, the sexy guitar play at the end of CASINO BOOGIE, the girls' voices on TUMBLING DICE, the end of LOVING CUP (the horns and the &quot;gimme litlle drink....gimme little drink...&quot;), the same with HAPPY...etc. <br />With every song you can feel a different sensation in your mind, but EXILE as a whole has the same effect, passion.
0345360338|5.0|This is the best historical novel I have ever read. I recommend everything Sharon Kay Penman has written to date, and this is the best of all.
6305169187|5.0|Armageddon was an awesome movie. I have now seen it atleast 50 times and still to this day I  cry   during the part when Harry (Bruce Willis) is left on the asteroid and he is talking to Gracey (Liv Tyler). That part always brings  tears to my eyes. It is my favorite movie.
6305263299|3.0|Certainly a beautiful film but I could not get past the pacing, which just dragged on way too long.  I was surprised I enjoyed this the least of Herzog's films since I am certainly predisposed to like both the director and the genre.  However, unlike many remakes I do not think you have to be familiar with the original silent classic &quot;Nosferatu&quot; to enjoy this film, as Herzog's work stands on its own.  Ultimately it is worthwhile to sit through the film just to get to the conclusion, which is far and away the best part of the film.
B00000J2L7|5.0|probably my all time favorite movie. note that the presidents name - muffley murkey-  references female genitalia, george c. scott's character - general buck turgidson - refers to a swolen male, and when slim pickens say &quot;a guy could have a good time in vegas&quot; the word vegas was re-dubbed from dallas as president kennedy was killed at the time the movie came out. it's reported that sellers did adlib some of the final scenes in the war room, and watch the russian who couldn't keep a straight face during that scene.
6302759110|5.0|Dracula, the greatest character in the long history of B Movies, finally gets A Movie treatment in this lush production from Francis Ford Coppola.  The art direction, costuming and special effects are first rate; they are used as prime examples in a recent film textbook.  With Gary Oldman and Anthony Hopkins as the main protagonists, you can forgive a couple of younger well known name actors being a bit out of place.  Despite the title, this film actually goes beyond Stoker, trying to work in a bit more of the original Vlad the Impaler backstory.  The biggest difference is that this Dracula film is an epic love story, with Mina now the reincarnation of Vlad's long dead love.  Stoker's novel has long been open to interepretation and variation, so this is hardly the time to consider it holy writ.  If nothing else, this is the most beautiful vampire movie you will ever see (yes, even more than &quot;Interview with the Vampire.&quot;
B00004YB9Y|4.0|I had already purchased the VHS and received the CD as a gift. This CD is a great addition to add to your collection if you are a Three Tenor's fan. The selections are mixed with pieces from various countries. However, the English selections I would have prefered Carreras and Domingo. I find Pavarotti not to be his best in this language. <br />All three gave 100 % however, I would have enjoyed more individual performances than the program that was chosen. <br />My favorite selections were Dormi O Bambino, Carol of the Drum, and Adeste Fideles. The John Lennon selection Happy Christmas/War is Over I have to get use to. <br />Overall it is great holiday music to listen to when you cannot watch them on the VHS or DVD.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|Not since Koyanaskazi have I seen such beauty. Uplifting, thought provoking, and beautiful. This movie manages to get viewers to think about this wonderful, diverse world with cinematography that is unparralelled in most other movies I've seen, and all without speaking. A visual journey that you'll want to take again and again. After seeing it, I would have gladly paid double the price. The music is perfectly timed to the scenes, and the combination makes for a wonderful experience for the senses. This one's a must for anyone looking for something out of the ordinary, something that delights the mind, ears and eyes. Get it, you'll not regret the decision.
B00003CXFG|5.0|Science fiction explores the human condition within a futuristic world...this time a planet with three suns.  The humans are the aliens here and they are flawed individuals.  Despite their desperate situation, there are characters in this film who cannot rise above their shortcomings.  They work together, but remain distinct and dishonest.  The acting is strong, with major kudos to a buffed, engaging, totally alpha-male Riddick (Vin Diesel).  He simply steals every scene he's in.  The creatures are never clearly seen...because they live in total darkness, and in fact have no eyes.  People die in this film, but it's not hugely dramatized.  There are plausible plot twists and in the end it is those with the strongest, unselfish, survival instincts who prevail.  Watch the DVD more than once and listen to the dialogue.  The effects are wonderful and serve the story...nothing superfluous in this film.  I fully endorse this as one of the best written and performed SciFi films of the millenium.
6303187064|5.0|I have seen alot of movies, but i would have to say this movie has been the best.  Not only does it have good acting by the now passed on Brandon Lee, it also has a sad yet romantic side to it. If i could recommend any movie to anybody i would seriously recommend you watch this movie.  The last role Brandon Lee had and certainly his most memorable.
6304712499|2.0|The only thing worse than the odious characters is the tenuous plot...no wait, there's the anemic dialogue...no, the leaden performances, no, actually it's the heavy reliance on the special effects.  (Plot?  What plot?)  Leguizamo's clown is over the top, while  Spawn's juvenile emotional state is irritating at best.  Everyone trapped in this celluloid hell, in particular Sheen, is undoubtedly better than the material, but oh, what dreadful material.  Rent this from the library, and for goodness sakes, don't let your children watch this thing.  Leguizamo's character's crude one liners are not for the young, nor are the heavy doses of special effects (Satan is simply nightmarish).  Liked the cape...dissatisfied with the film.
B00004XQP4|4.0|Green Day just is not as punk as they used to be. Perhaps they are finally growing up. Anyway, &quot;Warning&quot; just doesn't reach they days of &quot;Dookie&quot;. Some noteworthy tracks are &quot;Minority&quot; the single off the cd so far. &quot;Misery&quot; which has some decent elements and creativity to it. Also the sweat balladry of &quot;Waiting&quot; is cute but deffinatly not punk. If you are looking for punk it no longer exists in Green Day. However, they haven't gone all electronic or nu-rap metal which is very parise worthy.
B000000W6F|5.0|There is no doubt this new band had an effect on rockers everywhere. This Chicago-based band formed in Winter '88 and continue to rock us today. They put out their first album, &quot;Gish&quot;, in 1991. A 10-track, 46 minute album was all the Smashing Pumpkins needed to become famous. I have been with Smashing Pumpkins ever since the &quot;Gish&quot; Era, and continue to rock with the band as we speak. The only thing is, is that they have announced a break-up which kind of disappoints me, but every band has to end sometime you know. Probably the only weak point in this album is Window Paine, which really didnt catch me. But dont get me wrong, if it hits you in the right place, it could attatch someone really easy. It goes that way for every Smashing Pumpkins song. Suffer really didnt catch me either, but like I said, it could grow on to you just like that if you're that type of person. Strong points of the album that stand out are Snail, Siva, Rhinocerous, and Bury Me. I Am One is also an amazing rock ballad too. While Daydream is a good song, it kind of leaves you in a maze where everything is spinning...especially the end. I would highly reccomend this album to any Pumpkin fan, or any rock fan, for that matter, for it is an absolutely amazing album. Rock on Smashing Pumpkins!
B000002HMH|1.0|I totally disagree with the reviews that claim how &quot;nice&quot; and &quot;cute&quot; heavy metal should be. The FIRST lesson to know about heavy metal is that this music is played fast. This music is energizing, blazing and filled with riffs, except the ballads, of course, which are played by their own atmospheric tunes. However, Load lacks any kind of heavy metal riffs and tunes which are defined way beyond in the beginning of 70's by the bands like Deep Purple and Black Sabbath. I request fans of Metallica, especially the new ones who don't know anything about the history of heavy metal, to respect this music and not associate the after &quot;Black&quot; era materials of Metallica with it. There are LOTS of differences between Southern Boogie Rock and Heay Metal.A few spins of Black Sabbath's &quot;Paranoid&quot; (1970) or Judas Priest's &quot;Defenders of the Faith&quot; (1984) against &quot;Load&quot; should be enough to present you the difference.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido is amazing! Every song on this cd is wonderful! if u like here with me and/or thankyou you should buy this cd everysong on this cd is good as or better than those 2 songs! <br />if you have not heard of dido she sounds like a mix between alansis morsette and sinead o conner and her songs are amazing and soo full of emotion i guarentee you you'll love them!
0316286443|5.0|This book inspires you and is a valuble resource.  I brought it to my Beauty school and I had a hard time getting it back. The author gives excellent instruction as well as great personal storys. It was fun and entertaining.  This book gives you step by step instructions on application.  From a Cosmotologist view point, if you are thinking about getting more involved in make-up, or brushing up on some skill this book is for you.
B00003CXDG|4.0|John Woo has brought his over-the-top action film style to America after honing his skills in Hong Kong. I think he's really done his best work with this movie. The plot is simple and straightforward, unlike the somewhat labyrinthine story in MI1, and Woo does a nice job of building up toward a torrent of wild, insane action sequences.<br />Tom Cruise is impressive in his second bout as spy, Ethan Hunt, heir apparent to the role of Mission Impossible team leader. Most impressive about Cruise is that he performed about 90% of his own stunts in this film, many of them quite dangerous. The motorcycle chase has got to be one of the all-time great chase scenes in movies. The DVD version has a nice bonus feature showing how some of the more wild stunts in the movie were put together. Really fun stuff to watch if you're interested in the process of making movies. The DVD also has commentary and a &quot;Making of MI2&quot; featurette that round out the package.<br />Ving Rhames returns as computer hacker, Luther, and the beautiful Thandie Newton plays Hunt's femme fatale.<br />If you like a good, smart action film, MI2 is the ticket. A friend of mine recently said something to the effect that the Mission Impossible movies are what the James Bond franchise *should* be. I think that says it pretty well.
B000002HJE|5.0|O'conner underrated this album so much that it makes my head hurt.  This is Jim Morrison absolutely unleashed.  This is The Doors only deeper.  This album shows that Morrison is one of, if not the greatest American poet ever.  If you cannot read deep into what he has to say here, O'conner, you have no business reviewing anything.  This is the only poetry that makes me want to cry and be angry at the same time.  If you are a Doors fan, then this album will make you a Doors historian.  It is absolutely unrivaled.  Buy it!!!
B000000W8C|5.0|First of all lets get the fact that Richard Ashcroft is a genious out of the way, and go on with the review. Ashie has three great albums to choose from, &quot;Northern Soul&quot;, &quot;Urban Hymns&quot;(my personal favorite), and &quot;Alone With Everybody&quot;, and to name the best is just a matter of opinion. This album is no weaker than then the other two, but the best part of this is that you can feel the emotion and the raw sound of it all. This album is almost like a live release, which I think is a great quality, but to understand it, you yourself need to be a sort of genious. If you want to join the religion of Ashcroft, and want to learn to hear him and experience him like many others, start off with Urban Hymns, it's simpler and easier to cope with, and then work down to Alone With Everybody and Northern Soul. Becides the magnificent &quot;History&quot;, my favorite would have to be, the title track, I love to tune to it really loud late at night to a point where it hurts my ears, and it brings the devil out of me. This man will make you experience emotions that you never knew existed, but first you must settle to his music and understand him, but the things he'll do to you I can't put to words, it's like a whole other life, I don't even consider him a musician, he's above that.
B00004WEJZ|3.0|The video transfer to DVD was fine, however, between chapters 19 and 20 there are a number of contiguous scenes missing. All the missing scenes are during the Charity Ball Sequence.  From the scene where Bond leaves the Security Man in the closet holding the cigarette case to the scene where Bond, Domino and Largo are entering the Game for the big play-off scene.  The initial scene between Largo and Bond is missing.  Once bought you must email mgm requesting a replacement, which you will get after you return the original disk to them.  This disk is still being sold online - and there is no current way to tell if the disk has the missing scenes.
6305014140|5.0|early in the movie you'll see a rain of blod... this was my first MANGA movie ever and i still thik it's the best i've seen so far. let's put it in short: kids, DON'T TRY THIS AT HOME...y?... u'll just have to see for yourself...
0736649042|5.0|This book is a must have for all high school students.  It is told from the perspective of a young, naive boy and his trials in high school.  I definitely identified with his feelings and experiences. Chbosky deals with truthful experiences and relays the characters feelings to such a reality.  The book is extremely poignant and inciteful. The next challenge is to get children my age to want to pick up any book, let alone this one. Overall, it is an excellent book!
6305546789|5.0|At the very beginning of Halloween, A young child murders his older sister.<br />And so begins the thrilling tale of &quot;Halloween&quot;, a flat out horror classic and one of my personal favorite films. Many people consider this to be one of the greatest horror films ever made, and it deserves the distinction.<br />The story tells the disturbing tale of Micheal Myers, who, at the tender age of eight, downed a clown outfit and killed his sister with a butcher knife. Years later, he returns to his birthplace and terrorizes three teens on the same night he killed his sister: Halloween.<br />Mike Myers is scary with his pale mask and black outfit. The rarity of seeing his face adds a element of mystery to his character, which is what makes him so terrifying. Micheal displays no emotion and never speaks a word. He seems to mock his victims, playing dead and then jumping at them. He never seems to die, as the ending demonstrates. A merciless killer for a merciless horror film.<br />&quot;Halloween&quot; is subtle in terms of blood and gore. We never see any gore or blood. Instead, Carpenter uses camera angles and such to hide the slash marks.  It is, however, suggestivly brutal as demonstrated in scenes in which victims moan in pain as the knife makes contact with their flesh. The worst scene being when Micheal holds up one of his victims with nothing but his knife.<br />While &quot;Psycho&quot; has wonderfully painful tension in its own right, &quot;Halloween&quot; is my preference. &quot;Halloween&quot; has tension equal to the famed shower scene, repeated over and over again in every scene involving an innocent teen and Micheal. During the film, I was wondering if I could bear the suspense. &quot;Halloween&quot; is perhaps the most suspenseful film I have ever seen.<br />How fully appreciate that masterfully high level of suspense, however, one must dedicate themselves fully to Halloween. This is not the kind of film that one watches while doing something completely different, such as exercising or putting away the dishes. It requires your full attention.<br />Both &quot;Psycho&quot; and &quot;Halloween&quot; have terrific musical scores.  But the winner is, in my opinion, &quot;Halloween&quot;. Upon watching the film and listening to the songs, our minds conjure up images of pain, choas, relentless evil, and chaotic terror.<br />I know what your thinking, &quot;That's great, but will I like it?&quot;. Well, I believe the terror spread by &quot;Halloween&quot; will be enjoyed universally, but I offer a opinion of one of my friends. He told me to never see &quot;Halloween&quot;. To quote his words, &quot;It gave me nightmares for four weeks! DO NOT SEE IT!&quot;. I did. I hope you do too.different, such as exercising or putting away the dishes. It requires your full attention.<br />Both &quot;Psycho&quot; and &quot;Halloween&quot; have terrific musical scores.  But the winner is, in my opinion, &quot;Halloween&quot;. Upon watching the film and listening to the songs, our minds conjure up images of pain, choas, relentless evil, and chaotic terror.<br />I know what your thinking, &quot;That's great, but will I like it?&quot;. Well, I believe the terror spread by &quot;Halloween&quot; will be enjoyed universally, but I offer a opinion of one of my friends. He told me to never see &quot;Halloween&quot;. To quote his words, &quot;It gave me nightmares for four weeks! DO NOT SEE IT!&quot;. I did. I hope you do too.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Unfortunatly, I haven't read the comic book of this (marvel)ous phenomena.  But I am not that much sad after watching the movie. The movie is different than the comic book in some ways as I learned from the others. So, the lovers of X-men can be a little depressed. But some minutes later they will forget it and get in the REAL ACTION!   As a movie X-men, with special effect, charismatic characters (Wolverine, even I want to be like Wolverine at the moment, Cyclops, Storm, Doctor, and Xavier), and unique concept, is a real action film. You don't know what director Spike would make in the next scene. He makes Wolverine nearly kill 17-year-old girl, or numerous games with Mystique, or high-speed action. This is a must seen movie and also should be bought as a DVD. Good work to al of the crew of X-MEN.<br />P: S: The cause of unfinished story at the end is to prepare the medium for the 2nd X-Men movie. You'll all wait for it enthusiastically.
B000003TAW|5.0|I havn't heard a group like weezer for a long time.  They are definatly the best in my book.  Every song on this cd is great, unlike most cd's where you are lucky to find 2 or 3 good songs.  Great Buy!
B0000024SI|5.0|Yes, it's true, I can't tell you what or who &quot;Einstein disguised as Robin Hood&quot; is, or why his memories are in a trunk.  However, I think one of the stunning things about Desolation Row - and indeed, about this entire album - is that buried within highly surreal (some would say nonsense) imagery, are moments of simple, poignant human insight.  Imagine my fear and shock at hearing these lines in Desolation Row for the very first time on my 22nd birthday: &quot;Ophelia, she's 'neath the window/For her I feel so afraid/On her 22nd birthday/She already is an old maid/To her death is quite romantic/She wears an iron vest/Her profession's her religion/Her sin is her lifelessness&quot;  Also, while it's true that Dylan's voice isn't exactly technically stunning, to put it mildly, you can't listen to Desolation Row and tell me he could not carry a gorgeous melody if he wanted to.<br />As for the rest of this album, there's not much I can add to what others have said: a brilliant document both of a specific time, and a work of art that transcends time and place.  One of the most important albums ever.  Not albums of the 60's, not rock albums, not Dylan albums - just albums, period.
014028009X|5.0|You might as well pull out the Pride and Prejudice while you're at it and be prepared to run it again. This will extend your experience to 3-4 days (v.v.g) and your Fun Units will just about double (moderately guaranteed). <br />Delightful, funny, diverting view of a life lived as a &quot;singleton&quot; with mothers, boyfriends, work and a plethora of peccadillos mixed in charming proportions. <br />Ms. Fielding's confection is well worth the time. My only regret is that I missed the original weekly newspaper incarnation of Bridget. It would be delightful to have to wait a week for the next entry. Self discipline not being one of my strongpoints, I just devoured the whole thing in two sittings.  Perhaps you will have better luck (or better control).  <br />Strongly recommended for high fun quotient (life ain't serious all the time, kids).
B000002J1H|5.0|Going For The One is the &quot;PERFECT&quot; Yes album in my estimation. It contains 2 rockers, 2 ethereal pieces and the GREATEST Yes epic ever created &quot;AWAKEN&quot;. No other rock group has achieved what YES has achieved on the songs &quot;Turn Of The Century&quot; and &quot;Awaken&quot;. The songs &quot;Going For The One&quot; and &quot;Parallels&quot; are flat out MAJESTIC rockers !.I HIGHLY recommend this album for new fans of YES. Listen to this album through a good pair of headphones and follow the lyrics and be prepared to be transported to a HIGHER place !!
B00003CX8J|5.0|This is a very good movie, though I would disagree with everyone saying it's the best ever. I am partial to Star Wars... I also disagree with the statments that it is the best comic book adaption ever, as I absolutly love Superman (though the sequels went admittingly downhill... to one of the WORST movies I've seen with Sup IV)...<br />However, lest you think that because of these opinions it is not a good movie, it was the best movie of 2000... and one of the best in recent years. I have no doubt that the DVD will uphold this.
B00004YA66|4.0|This movie is a great movie that will keep you guessing all the way till the end. I enjoyed seeing it at the movies, and enjoy it even more on DVD.
B000001E18|4.0|According to Bono, 'Zooropa' was a snapshot rather than a rock'n'roll record. Recorded quickly, there was a further shift in the sonic soundscapes created by 'Achtung Baby', encompassing techo/industrial rhythms and occassionally set against an eerie backdrop, a la 'Daddy's Gonna Pay For Your Crashed Car', which uses sampled music from an old Nazi propaganda film. There are songs that allow the old U2 to resurface, such as the title track, which starts with chilling piano chords, before booming out on waves of ringing guitar and impassioned vocals, and 'Stay', emotional vulnerability on a grand scale. In contrast, 'Numb', featuring Edge on vocals, and the bitter cynicism of 'Dirty Day' are sparse and sinister. Elsewhere, there's the edgy pop of 'Baby Face'; 'Lemon', an oddly effective collision between tacky '70s disco and Talking Heads; or how about the evocative tale of 'The Wanderer', featuring country star Johnny Cash doing a '50s style monologue over a simple electronic backing. Bizarre! 'Zooropa' is an intriguing experiment, but would have worked better as an EP. Still the best supergroup on the planet, U2 should have been wary of diluting their essence this much.
0553062182|4.0|I'm not very keen on popular psychology and self-help books. But it was interesting to find book written about a character of people into which I fit very well. I never knew there was such a group before.<br />Ive found some things in this book that don't fit me specifically (and a few things I don't like), but I score very high on the self-test on page xvii and many parts of the book describe my personality very well. The book goes a long way in helping the reader understand what makes sensitive people tick and in dispelling the negative stereotypes of &quot;shy&quot; or &quot;introverted&quot; people. If you are an &quot;HSP&quot;, the book will help you live with yourself, understand your limitations and value your uncommon abilities. If you're not the sensitive type, you may find in this book a tremendous help in understanding such people.<br />Not all of the book was helpful for me. The first two chapters, describing the trait of an HSP, were very interesting and convinced me that I belong in this category of personality. Chapters three and four, however, did not interest me very much. The idea of managing the reactions of one's body to worldly stimuli as if you were caring for an infant seems a bit strained to me. I also have no desire to &quot;reparent myself&quot;. Thankfully,  my own parents did a good enough job of that the first time. I don't want to spend a large part of my life trying to repair any mistakes that may have been made back there. I've found God to be a good father to me now, and I have two great kids on which I want to spend all of my fathering energies.<br />Chapter six, on &quot;Thriving at Work&quot;, was probably the most helpful since I have a strong desire to do creative, meaningful and productive work. Yet it's also the place where most conflicts arise. When I read the page of &quot;Tips for Employers of Highly Sensitive People&quot; at the end of the book, it seemed to describe the ideal work environment for me.<br />The chapter on medications (nine) was interesting for the insight it gave on how antidepressants work. I have no experience with such drugs and I am now more certain that I want none. I think Dr. Aron's perspective on their use as a last resort or short-term measure is very sensible.<br />I was also very interested in the last chapter on spirituality, but found it disappointing for its lack of depth. Its main observation is that HSPs tend to place more importance on spirituality than others, but we're a mixed bag when it comes to the forms that takes (as would be expected). Dr. Aron is a Jungian Psychologist and spirituality is taken seriously by that discipline. Yet the things I have heard and read about the nature and practice of Jung's spirituality greatly disturb me. Not that Dr. Aron is advocating a particular form of spirituality. In line with the opinion of most of her profession, hers seems to be that anything that helps is good.r on medications (nine) was interesting for the insight it gave on how antidepressants work. I have no experience with such drugs and I am now more certain that I want none. I think Dr. Aron's perspective on their use as a last resort or short-term measure is very sensible. <br />I was also very interested in the last chapter on spirituality, but found it disappointing for its lack of depth. Its main observation is that HSPs tend to place more importance on spirituality than others, but we're a mixed bag when it comes to the forms that takes (as would be expected). Dr. Aron is a Jungian Psychologist and spirituality is taken seriously by that discipline. Yet the things I have heard and read about the nature and practice of Jung's spirituality greatly disturb me. Not that Dr. Aron is advocating a particular form of spirituality. In line with the opinion of most of her profession, hers seems to be that anything that helps is good.
0448060191|5.0|Little Women is one of my favorite books of all time! In this heartwarming story about four sisters growing up during the Civil War, I have learned so much about the world around me, and ironically, myself. It tells of how people can choose to live their lives and how happiness can be found even through hardships. <br />     The Marches are a picture of a happy home - with brave and moral Father, who has gone into the army to do what he can for the North's cause, and kind, caring Marmee, who watches over her girls with gentleness and love. Then, there's the little women: sixteen-year-old Meg, who's pretty and mature; rough-and-tumble Jo, determined to become a famous writer; timid Beth, always putting others before herself; and spoiled Amy with her artistic talents.  There's also their amiable neighbor, Theodre Laurence (Laurie).  Join in on the fun and read all about Amy's trouble at school, Jo's precious book being burned, Meg going to &quot;Vanity Fair,&quot; Beth's tragedy, and so much more!  I highly recommend this book for guys and girls of all ages!  No one can resist this incredible story!
B00000K2SC|5.0|A stunning blend of action and science fiction, &quot;The Matrix&quot; tells the tale of a computer programmer who stumbles into an alternate world that forever changes his perception of reality. There's a reason why &quot;The Matrix&quot; won a pile of awards (and made a pile of money at the box office). A masterpiece of technical wizardry and storytelling skill, this is one of those memorable films that succeeds on every one of its many ambitious levels.<br />Fans and critics have raved about the film's mind-blowing special effects and fight scenes, but they are only part of the film's excellence. The superb performances of the actors are equally important. Particularly noteworthy is Laurence Fishburne's as Morpheus--his is a performance of controlled but passionate intensity. And Carrie-Anne Moss' performance as Trinity brings to the film a tenderness and humanity which greatly complement the high-tech milieu.<br />&quot;The Matrix&quot; is a wonderfully literate film whose dialogue includes references from Greek mythology, the Bible, Christian theology, and English literature. And one of the central themes of the film--the defiant resistance to an enslaving force--is one that can be found in many of the world's great works of literature. Watch &quot;The Matrix,&quot; and then read the 1845 classic &quot;Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, An American Slave&quot;--you'll appreciate the film even more.
B00004ZD69|5.0|From the outset of 'Lift Your Fists', it becomes clear that this album is something out of the ordinary. Unusually rousing for a band whose identity is deliberately shrouded, 'Storm' begins what is a remarkable instrumental cacophony, charging through waves of feedback and then disorienting the listener through intercom messages, children's chants and spiritual ramblings. A step beyond their more disjointed first album, 'Lift Your Fists' is nothing less than a milestone of an album: terrifying, fearful music of the type Radiohead misguidedly think they're making. Neither post-rock, post-classical or post- whatever, this is simply a most remarkable album from one of the world's most remarkable bands.
B00004XONN|3.0|I enjoy musical experimentation a great deal, and experimental about sums up this effort by Radiohead. The cd is desperately lacking in the comprehensive fusion of lyrics &amp; musical modalities that OK Computer possesses. All too often, while they do expose you to a unique listening space, the structures of these songs really take you nowhere. Even the best songs on the album, like &quot;National Anthem&quot; and &quot;Optimistic,&quot; don't deliver in a big way. The musical landscape is interesting, and listenable, but devoid of intention.<br />I respect Radiohead for attempting something new, but experimental electronica is nothing new. MP3.Com, for instance,  has a host of outstanding experimental electronica artists that, frankly, blow Radiohead's effort away.
B00000099Y|5.0|Words can not describe this album. This is one of those rare albums every couple of years that will completely change your life and your outlook on the world. This is a deep, thought-provoking concept album disguised as headbanger music. Anyone will be content to just thrash around listening to this but those who go deeper and attempt to analyze the lyrics and that weird essay in the booklet will come away amazed at the depth of this album. It just might open your third eye(couldn't resist).
B00004YRQA|5.0|Some people reviewed this is a little below normal memory card. why? its just a memory card. If it saves your games and you have no trouble retrieving them from it I don't see why it is so bad. personally think it is the best memory card i have ever owned.so if you are looking at the reveiws to see if it is a good buy, buy it because on all playstation 2 games you need it to save your games.
6305537798|4.0|The Shakespeare revival continues unabated, as the Stratford-based writer proves to be more in demand than ever. One of the results of sparky, entertaining films such as this reminder that Shakespeare is a writer for all ages, not just some literary legend who speaks only to the time in which he lived and is therefore fit for a privileged few, as well s the odd GCSE taker.<br />Far from it, 10 Things I Hate About You - based on The Taming of the Shrew - has the wide appeal to be a big succes and the quirkiness to prove a cultish hit too. Wisely skirting the less politically correct issues within this mighty clash of the sexes tale, writers Lutz and Smith have made a John Hughes-esque high school romantic comedy that provokes as much thought as it does laughs.<br />Beautiful yet aloof Katarina Stratford (Julia Stiles) is given a wide berth at Padua High School, where she is feared for her feisty manner and biting wit. Her younger sister Bianca (Larisa Oleynik) is much more popular, especially with new boy Cameron (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) who is desperate for a date with her. But this is far from easy as their horribly nervous father insists that if they are to date, they must date together, safe in the knowledge that Kat would never find a man who could live with her exacting standards. So Cameron and his new pal Michael (David Krumholtz) set about to finding such a man. The lucky guy they select is the brooding Patrick Verona (Heath Ledger) who no-nonsense tough guy image would seem the ideal foil for Kat.<br />And the start of the fun when things don't go quite as well as planned. Laughs come effortlessly out of the characters and their plight, as all play out a drama that has a basis in reality, that is recognisably an adaption of the Schrew, but which is a fun film all on its own. Above all, Stiles and Ledger make a winning couple against a roster of entertaining supporting characters, as the film proves itself stylish, uplifting and thoroughly winning.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is without a doubt the greatest cd of all time. Smells like teen spirit is the greatest song of all time and Nirvana is the greatest band of all time. Could you imagine if these guys would've been around right now. The would of surely gone beyond Beatle status.
B00003CWRX|5.0|I did not have the opportunity to watch this movie in theaters when it came out, but later I rented it and found myself surprised that this did not win Best Picture at the Academy Awards. The Insider, based on a true story, is a powerful (and somewhat cliched) tale of a man risking everything to do what is right.<br />The story focuses on Dr. Jeffrey Wigand (Crowe), a former vice president of research and development at Brown and Williamson, and 60 Minutes producer Lowell Bergman (Pacino), who tries to get him to violate his confidentiality agreement and expose his former employer. The acting is excellent, with Crowe almost flawlessly performing his role as a &quot;regular guy&quot; caught in the crossfire, and Pacino is perfectly suited for the role of the journalist doing everything he can to get the exclusive that would bring some of the highest ratings ever for a news show.<br />Combined with the brilliant performances is the extraodinary cinematograph, which features filming with a hand-held camera, which adds greatly to the atmosphere of the movie.<br />If you're one of the many people like me who missed this spectacle in theaters, do yourself a favor and rent this movie now. You won't regret it.
B000002HH2|5.0|in tried and true bjork style, &quot;post&quot; is unique in the best kind of way, energetic and fun and at the same time deep and soulful.  i enjoy every single track -- and each one awakens a different emotion.  suddenly, you have an overwhelming need to buy this album.  whoa.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Those marvellous Pixar people have triumphed again. With Toy Story and A Bug's Life, they took animation into a whole new dimension - both visually and narratively - and with their third computer-generated feature, John Lasseter and his team have pitched their tent even further up the mountain of excellence. There are bigger laughs, more thrilling set-pieces, a gasp-including array of life-like locations, a song that with break your heart and a hilarious homage paid to Steven Spielberg and George Lucas. In this rare case, the words 'classic' and 'sequel' belong side by side.<br />Cowboy Woody (Tom Hanks) takes the limelight this time, as he's swiped by unscrupulous toy collector Al (Wayne Knight, the techno geek from Jurassic Park) to be the centrepiece of a museum display in Japan. Captive in Al's apartment, the stitched Sheriff learns that he's actually a rare collectible from a Fifties TV Series called 'Woody's Roundup' and meets a trio of his toy co-stars - boisterous Jessie (Joan Cusack), crotchety old Stinky Pete the Prospector (Kelsey Grammer) and Bullseye, the happy horse. Meanwhile, Buzz and his plastic pals set off on an eventful rescue mission.<br />It's a real challenge to find much wrong with this movie. The characters' facial gestures, movements and vocal performances are so bang-on, that after about 2 minutes, you're completely lost in the world of toys. Of course, the advantage of a sequel is that the audience's familiarity with the characters for a more plot-heavy adventure. This time there's an epic feel as the brave little toys chase all over town, eventually leading to double trouble for Buzz and an encounter with his galatic adversary.<br />Although kids will probably enjoy seeing these playthings brought to life once again, there's a noticeably more grown-up feel to the story. Besides the movie in-jokes, a handful of action scenes provide for excitement than we're used to seeing in an animated feature. The sci-fi spoof opening, perilous trafficcone-assisted road crossing and Die Hard 2-style baggage fracas, are all indicators of the growing confidence of the Pixar artists and the realization that computer animation has the potential to go head-to-head with anything in a Jerry Bruckheimer or Joel Silver movie. And beyond.
B00004ZD69|5.0|best describes the new double album..yes...I know that is a contradiction...cluttered and simple. I contradict myself. and so do Godspeed you black emperor!...but I`m sure thats the point..and it works. &quot;lift your skinny fists...&quot; is filled with sparse atmospherics, simple chord progressions, drones, dialogue and spaces with little or no sound.  But it also builds to almost claustrophobic explosions of (who knows?) how many layers of glockenspiel, guitar, violin etc.etc.etc. in these crescendos, it is like listening to several cds all at once...which somehow fit together, and it is beautiful. It left me feeling exhausted and sad...and uplifted. Perhaps something like a religious experience...if I ever had one...&quot;lift your skinny fists...&quot; could be the soundtrack.  I...well, liked their previous albums.This time, they are preaching to the converted.
B0000041Q3|5.0|Of all the various recordings that have been made of the last of the Puccini opera's, the one mainstay of exceptional quality is the Sutherland/ Pavarotti/ Mehta recording done with the London Philharmonic Orchestra.  The 1973 recording has yet to be surpassed and I dare say Sutherland sang the role even better than the legendary Turandot of Birgit Nilsson, who sounded to me as if she &quot;screeched&quot; her way through the role.  Turandot is a difficult role to sing and portray, as Puccini has added an almost Wagnerian element to the opera.  &quot;Turandot&quot; was Puccini's last opera and one that he cradled like a new born baby, thinking that it must be the greatest piece of music he would ever write, surpassing his others, La Boheme, Tosca, Madama Butterfly.  Giacomo Puccini had a fascination with the Orient and those things Oriental and consequently after much study of the style of music in that part of the world, comes &quot;Turandot&quot; and on a grand scale that can rival Verdi's &quot;Aida&quot; for chorus, orchestra and stage sets!!!  Joan Sutherland is the perfect &quot;Turandot&quot; and has a vocal resonance liking to the sound of wind blowing through a hollow piece of bamboo.  We first get to hear Sutherland in Act II, following a wonderful lead in by Act I which sets the tone of what is to come with massive orchestra, chorus and the background of ancient Peking. Sutherland delivers her icy cold &quot;In Questa Reggia&quot; with flawless accuracy and maintains the highest of registers with ease, yet determination.  She certainly spends enough time telling us that &quot;no man will ever possess me&quot;.  Luciano Pavarotti sings in his wonderfully dramatic Italian tenor and convinces us that regardless of what happens, he will guess her riddles and possess her. Both sing with equal assurance of their own interests.  We come to Act III with Pavarotti delivering a powerful, heartfelt &quot;Nessun dorma!&quot; while he anticipates the &quot;break down&quot; of the iceberg, &quot;Turandot&quot; and awaits for the ice to begin melting. And indeed it does after Montserrat Caballe (Liu) sings her poignant and moving &quot;Tu che di gel sei cinta&quot; where she tells Turandot that although she alone knows Calaf's name, she will die to keep it secret, and alas, she stabs herself at the close of the aria so as to show her unconditional love for Calaf and teach Turandot something of what &quot;love&quot; means.  Puccuni completed almost all of the opera by March of 1924, up to the point of Liu's death. There was about fifteen minutes of music that the Maestro never lived to complete.  Arturo Toscanini appointed Franco Alfano the task of completing the opera using scratches of music and ideas left behind by Puccini.  And although Alfano is sometimes criticised for the final moments of music in the opera, he did a most credible job with the task given him and one should never discount his sincerity and integrity in doing the best possible to complete the opera as the Maestro Puccini would have intended.  I highly recommend this recording as probably the most authentic and beautiful one available today.  We are hard pressed to find a cast of singers today that can handle this powerful, yet emotional piece of music and opera.  It will likely be the one and only one you want to hear over and over again.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I believe that Fight Club is one of the greatest movies of our time. Not only is it superbly acted and directed, the story line is just cool. The anarchist views of Tyler Durden really make you think about the way we as society are living our lives. The novel was great, but the movie is in a way better because of all of the visual effects that were supplied. I would give this movie more than five stars.
0553275569|5.0|What do you get when you mix an historian and a world-class writer? The Right Stuff. Tom Wolfe takes us back to a black and white time when America was apple pie and comic book heroes--at least in nostalgic hindsight. Amidst these glory years of the '50s and '60s there was trouble brewing, however. The Russians were winning the Space Race. Up to the plate step a group of true blue American heroes, men like John Glenn, Gus Grissom, Alan Shepard, and Chuck Yeager, men with the Right Stuff. Together they overcame technical barriers, tragedy, and the limits of human endurance to prevent the Soviets from controlling Space, the high ground from which they could drop nukes on us at will.<br />This superbly told story brings history alive. We are brought into the lives and heads of these complex real-life characters, family men who risked 25% mortality rates to &quot;press the envelope&quot; first as test pilots and then as astronauts. We cheer as the records fall and mourn the loss of those who &quot;crash and burn.&quot;<br />Full research, high use of language, insightful character analysis, and exciting drama. You can't go wrong with the Right Stuff. --Christopher Bonn Jonnes, author of Wake Up Dead.
B00004XONN|3.0|It's pretty much impossible to describe this CD, and I think it's safe to say that it sounds like no other album ever has and probably like no other ever will. The band seems to have abandoned traditional songwriting techniques completely, and the songs are not really songs at all, but more like photographs or something -- you don't always understand what's going on, but you can make out colors and shapes. (The music matches the cover art perfectly.) You have to admire the band for daring to release something so different....BUT, being different does not equate with being good (a fact that many music critics don't seem to understand). And, when stripped to its core, KID A is not really such a great album. So I would recommend this to someone who wants to hear something truly different and experimental. But to someone who seeks a good album full of solid songs that will stand the test of time, I would point them in another direction.
B000002IO8|5.0|The MJQ's instruments -- drums, piano, bass, vibes -- strip jazz down to its essence. If you're looking for shouting blues choruses, screaming trumpets, or honking saxes, you've come to the wrong place. But if you want 200 proof Jazz, you've found it! With this unassuming ensemble, every note is a sonnet, every solo artistry. The first few notes of the concert -- starting with a few notes on the piano, followed by a fat bass BONG, and then the vibes -- never fail to start a shudder going down my spine. The silent intervals, which rarely happen in big bands, are particularly beautiful here. This is the coolest of the cool jazz. GET THIS CD!...................................... --koby.
B000002TQV|5.0|Every song on this album is top notch. Well, except maybe one or two.<br />Radiohead's &quot;The Bends&quot; opens up perfectly with a hard keyboard/piano riff. &quot;Planet Telex&quot;, track one, is probably one of the best songs on this album. It's easily the oddest on this CD. No other song on &quot;Bends&quot; is like this in any way. It's not depressing, either; it's great to listen to by blasting the volume on your CD Player. Thom's voice on the track is distorted, and after several listens, it perfectly supports the music well. Thom wrote &quot;Planet Telex&quot; after a night drinking with his other band members.<br />&quot;The Bends&quot; is more of a classic rocker. It's good stuff too, but it might not appeal to everyone at first listen. There's many parts to the song... but don't worry. The stuff gets better with at least one more listen. Have an open mind.<br />&quot;High and Dry&quot; is the album's most feel-good song. With a great, poppy sound, the song just makes you want to try and sing along with Thom's high notes of the chorus. It's pretty hard. Believe me... I tried.<br />&quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; is one of Radiohead's most accessable tracks. It starts off nice and fast, with a guitar solo and Thom's amazing voice. It kicks in, soon enough, with a blend of guitars, drums, and emotions. It's a good song, most definetly. It got a lot of playback on MTV back then. Great lyrics -- &quot;gravity always wins.&quot;<br />&quot;Bones&quot; is pretty darn good. It changes the whole mood of the CD: fragile and endearing to loud rock. The chorus, which pretty much is the song, is great.<br />&quot;(Nice Dream)&quot; is made to seem like a nice dream. But if you read the lyrics, by the end, it turns out that death is lurking and not everything is a nice dream after all. Great guitar. A... well... well another great song.<br />&quot;Just(You Do It To Yourself)&quot; IS radio friendly. Some major radio stations in England said that this particualar songsure wasn't -- and Queen's &quot;Bohemian Rhaspody&quot; was? I bet that when that song of Queen's came out, it surely wasn't that radio friendly, either. But it came out to be a cult-classic, and so should this song. It's amazing on how much guitar work is put into this song. I get tired from jumping around in my room listening to this amazing song.<br />&quot;My Iron Lung&quot; was recorded live, then put onto the album with Thom touching up his vocals. I never hear much praise for this song. Otherwise, it is one of the record's best songs and can surely tell you how good Radiohead can play live. Oh, and they can play GREAT live.<br />&quot;Bullet Proof..I wish I was&quot; never caught onto me. It's just a bit slow, a bit quiet, and... I dunno. I heard some good reviews to this song, so it should be up to you, I guess.<br />&quot;Black Star&quot; never really appealed to me either. It's just your normal rock song.<br />&quot;Sulk&quot; is a great song. Mainly why is because of the chorus and how Thom treats it so well. Before hearing the song, I read the lyrics, and I guessed that it would be a depressing song. Oddly as it seems, with lyrics in the chorus like &quot;Just like your dad/you'll never change&quot; I feel compelled to enjoy so very much.<br />&quot;Street Spirt(Fade Out)&quot; is one of a kind. Ever see the video? That is too one of a kind. A whole new listening experience.<br />&quot;The Bends&quot; is one of a kind.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This summer was filled with good movies, bad movies, then, there was Gladiator.  An awesome movie about ancient Rome, and quite possibly the greatest empire of all time.  I shouldn't go on, just buy the movie, and see for yourself.  Please, do yourself a favor, and EXPERIENCE this movie!
B000002ITM|3.0|I bought this album not long after it was released (Aug. '92), having read the glowing reviews in magazines.  It turns out those reviews were not much more than commercial critics praising a metal band's more melodic and accessible direction.  I expected something along the lines of Metallica's self-titled album and was let down.  Seriously, where do you think the idea for this album came from?  Hint:  Thrash's leading light, Metallica.  Slick, big-time production, stripped down sound, slower tempos, and even a ballad released as a single to follow &quot;Nothing Else Matters.&quot;  <br />I'm no huge fan of Testament, but they were a good band in the late 80's. To me, THE RITUAL is quite forgetful now.  Chuck Billy's vocals sound pretty average, Eric Peterson's rhythms  lack melody, and Alex Skolnick spent too much time showing off on lead guitar rather than complementing the songs.  It's good the band got back to their heavier sound after Skolnick departed for a jazz project.  <br />In the end, Testament just looks quite silly trying to match Metallica's black album.
B00004ZD69|5.0|Godspeed You Black Emperor! refuse to be locked into a category.The songs go on as long as they NEED to.This set of musical interludes is not quite as raw as F#A#oo.The songs are much more intensely emotional and super shoegazing beautiful.You can actually air guitar a bit during this one.These people are consistency personified.Absolutely brilliant.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|This is the most suspensful movie I've ever seen.  The special effects are definately some of the absolute best, ever. This film really captures the drama of World War II submarine life, and the bravery of the men who risked their lives to win the war and our freedom.<br />Final Verdict:  Don't Miss
0446608955|5.0|This is a wonderful book, you can read it in one day. Once you start reading it you can't put it down. It is exciting all the way through. I havent' read a book in a long time but this book I just couldn't put it down. It has so many lessons to learn in it. Yes, it will make you cry. I read it alone, no one around so I could enjoy it better.
0395492815|5.0|This is a wonderful book!  My sisters and I recieved this book as a gift about 10 years ago and it has been a part of Christmas tradition ever since.  The illustrations are beautiful and the story delightful.
B00004XOWM|5.0|CS&amp;HFW is an EXCELLENT CD, infecting you rather than growing on you. If you have ANY appreciation of complex music and lyrics and are into angry music with a driving tone, then you will love this. The current chapter of LB's talented repetoire is clearly lost on many of the 1-star reviewers on this site.
B00000I9MK|5.0|I fell in love with this cd the first time that i listened to it. Tigermilk is a great cd, because if blends soft, beautiful music with unconventional, brilliant lyrics. I would encourage anyone with an open mind to buy this album
B00004XOWM|5.0|This cd is possibly the best one that they ever made.  all the songs are phat and they totally rock.  the best songs are my generation, full nelson, my way, rollin'( both versions), the one, getcha groove on, take a look around. the title is the most creative title anyone could think of.
B000005ALN|5.0|Older is one of my favorite albums. Its so calm and easy to listen to, very jazzy and adult contemporary like. his voice is beautiful, it makes you melt. The content in the songs on this album is amazing, such a depressing mood. I would listen to this album in the dark, and just lay there and listen. The songs are mainly slow, but its such beautiful work that I dont mind. The two songs where its upbeat a little are on Fastlove and Star People. Listen to these words in all the songs, they make you realize how short life is, and how we should make the most of our lives before its too late. There are messages throughout this album, you can find them if you really listen. It was worth the 6 year wait for this album, to me this is his masterpiece and his best work.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This film is a brilliant piece of art that is warranted so mainly due to the writing. I've watched this film five times already and see something new in it each time. (Look closer) The cinematography is beautiful and the characters are composed of eerily believable qualities. (They could be YOU) Kevin Spacey's portrayal of a forty-somthing in the midst of a mid-life crisis is hilarious and the events that follow leading to his epiphany is a collage of bittersweet, comedy with a little mystery added in for good measure. The DVD is packed with features including a behind the scenes &quot;making of&quot; and a DVD rom feature that I have not yet accessed. I have found no easter eggs. This film is  subtitled for the hearing impaired.
0425170349|3.0|I liked the anti-environmentalist stance, all the cool medical stuff, Popov, and the part where Rainbow gets ambushed at the hospital.  That was about it.  There were a few other interesting action scences early on, but other than that, the book was about 400 pages too long, and the plot was poorly thought out.  I agree with the other reviewer who thought the foiling of the bad guys' plan was WAY too easy.  It was clear that the part at the Olympics should have been the climax, and that the novel should have ended shortly thereafter.  But no, it drags on and a second attempt at a climax is made in South America (and failed).  It was as if Clancy planned to have a big battle scene in Sydney, then realised it wouldn't work for some reason, but instead of thinking around the problem just glossed over it and kept writing.  Not too bad a book, if you're just looking to kill time, but not one of the better books I've read.
0684830515|4.0|My introduction to this book was first through the movie.  So, my perspective will be from that point of view:    I looked for this book after seeing the movie, I believe with Mel Ferrar--one of those actors you no longer see on late nite TV.  Pleasantly, the book was just as good--meaning the movie was an excellent rendition of this Hemingway novel.    Hemingway might have been the first person to write a story \\"much about nothing\\" (referring to the formula for Seinfeld's success).  I sought out this book to read because I realize now in my 30s that I have finally lived enough of \\"Life\\" to appreciate what Hemingway has to say.      I saw the movie about 10 years ago on late nite, and it stayed with me all these years.  Why?  The story of the protangonist and his American expatriate friends in Paris and in Spain (pre-WWII) is not as much about bull fighting and these spoiled rich kids who apparently live the good life without any need to work as it is about a snapshot of couple of months in the life of the protagonist--whom I take it to be one aspect of the real Hemingway.  Isn't our real lives like that, nothing spectacular, no clear beginning, a continuing end, lots of time spent with friends whom you despise at times, but always come together.  Yes, after being old enough, I really like this book.  Looking forward to more Hemingways.
6303168507|5.0|. . . for two weeks? Easy.  Show them Schindler's List.  Every day, we would race to English class, go immediately to our seats, and sit spellbound for 45 minutes until the bell rang.   Watch the movie.  Get the storyline down, and cry, cry, cry.   Then watch it again.  Keep an eye on character interaction this time.  You want an idea of what kind of person Schindler was?  Don't watch him with the other Nazis.  Don't watch him with Goethe, or with Helen Hirsch, or with his endless parade of lovers, or with his wife.  Watch him with Itzhak Stern.  Watch the eye contact, watch the expressions on their faces.  Watch their relationship evolve from mere tolerance to something above and beyond friendship.  Watch, watch, watch.  And as the last scene rolls around for the second time, keep your eye on Stern and Schindler, and if you don't cry, go to your doctor immediately, because I'm pretty sure you're no longer alive.
B000002C1V|5.0|I just got the album yesterday and I have listened to it three times.  This is my favorite Floyd album.  I still agree that Roger was the heart of Pink Floyd.  The newer Pink Floyd stuff is good, but it's not the same and it doesn't really sound like Floyd at all.  Roger gave Floyd their sound. I recently saw him on his &quot;In The Flesh&quot; tour and was blown away.  He did a couple of songs from this album - Get Your Filthy Hands Off My Desert and Southamton Dock. I love this album.  It actually brought a tear to my eye.
0440234743|2.0|I am very grateful that someone like John Grisham wrote about the plight of Indians in South America--how they have been systematically exterminated and abused by the governments and those with a vested monetary interest in their lands. Even though this is a fiction book, what Grisham writes about the history of the Brazilian natives in factual. Grisham's books are read by millions, so hopefully this means millions will learn this tragic tale.<br />But this is the only reason I gave him two stars, rather than one. The book began intriguingly, but then died an abrupt death. The characters were shallow and dull, and after a point I began skipping the never ending legal interactions between the Phelan children and their lawyers. There was relatively no plot tension, no twists, nothing to really hold a reader's interest. It winds as slowly as that never ending river in Brazil, and creeps along to a really dull and unbelievable ending. And it was just too far fetched to believe that Rachel would turn down the money. Even if she had no interest in it for herself, someone in her position--and who supposedly cares so much about these poor Indians--would have made that 11 billion go to very good use in helping to protect these people. And I'm certain that the organization she worked for would have been very happy to get it as well. Of course in the end, she has a sudden change of heart--Nate, who has been resurrected, suddenly has a new career in charge of the trust (very convenient for someone about to be unemployed), and all is well for everyone else. Very neat, pat, and totally anti-climactic.<br />All in all, a very poor book. If you want to read good Grisham, read The Firm or A Time to Kill.
B000003S0I|4.0|This was one of those albums that made me realize how I could not trust my first impression, and how something very different could grow on you after awhile.  I did not enjoy it at all the first time I heard it.  I was used to the lush, almost symphonic sound of King Crimson's first three albums, and Larks' Tongues sounded very dry, sparse, and abraisive, and I could not stand John Wetton's singing.<br />Later on, I had acquired Starless &amp; Bible Black, and Red, and found myself getting used to this new minimalist Crimson.  That was when I came back to Larks' Tongues, and decided  liked it better than anything Fripp's Crafty Crew had recorded in any incarnation.<br />The album opens with several minutes of African thumb piano music, creating a meditative setting. This fades off and is replaced by urgent, staccato violin music, intertwining ominously with some very distorted low guitar notes fading in.  The energy builds quickly and relentlessly, culminating in a jarring high-volume instrumental, rhythmically complex, unapologetically dissonant, frantic, and quite savage - yet amazingly contained and precise.<br />&quot;Book of Saturdays&quot; and &quot;Exiles&quot; contrast the opener with two subdued and melodic vocal pieces, with lyrics by longtime (then) collaborator Pete Sinfield.  I hate to say this, but John Wetton's singing on these works doesn't do them justice; his voice is strained on long notes, and could have benefitted from just a bit of production enhancement.  But band visionary Robert Fripp was going for a more raw, natural sound (which he would later refer to as audio verite') in this reinvention of King Crimson, consequently a pleasing vocal sound was not an issue here.<br />Wetton's vocals serve him better on the louder, more edgy &quot;Easy Money&quot;, which features eccentric noises by guest percussionist Jamie Muir.  This segues into &quot;The Talking Drum&quot;, primarily a percussive interlude by Bill Bruford that builds in rhythmic intensity, joined on bass by John Wetton, underscored by the ominous, diatonic freeform sustained distorted guitar of Robert Fripp.  The piece concludes abruptly with a long, excruciating screeching noise, and slams right ahead into &quot;Larks' Tongues in Aspic Part 2&quot;.  If there was ever any doubt that a 5/4 instrumental could rock and rock HARD, that doubt is laid to rest here.  Employing more of the dissonance and diatonics from Part 1, the energy lets up just long enough for a melodic section on violin to slowly build it back up again.  Violinist David Cross is given a chance to wail in a brief improv section; otherwise the piece maintains structural economy right up to an almost too abrupt crashing finale, which fades away leisurely, leaving the listener in silence save for his fast beating heart.<br />What might have made this collection so difficult to listen to at the time of its release - an uncompromising, non-cosmetic in-your-face approach to recording and production - is exactly what makes it sound so fresh and alive nearly 30 years later.  Freed of the pops and rumbles of vinyl records so intrusive in the quieter sections, Larks' Tongues in Aspic achieves its intended dynamic potential in digitally remastered form.  And thus a work ahead of its time comes of age.  If there were anything it could be compared to, Trent Reznor comes to mind, and perhaps some of Primus' work.  Otherwise, this mighty dinosaur stands well on its own ..... with some still very sharp teeth.sity, joined on bass by John Wetton, underscored by the ominous, diatonic freeform sustained distorted guitar of Robert Fripp.  The piece concludes abruptly with a long, excruciating screeching noise, and slams right ahead into &quot;Larks' Tongues in Aspic Part 2&quot;.  If there was ever any doubt that a 5/4 instrumental could rock and rock HARD, that doubt is laid to rest here.  Employing more of the dissonance and diatonics from Part 1, the energy lets up just long enough for a melodic section on violin to slowly build it back up again.  Violinist David Cross is given a chance to wail in a brief improv section; otherwise the piece maintains structural economy right up to an almost too abrupt crashing finale, which fades away leisurely, leaving the listener in silence save for his fast beating heart.<br />What might have made this collection so difficult to listen to at the time of its release - an uncompromising, non-cosmetic in-your-face approach to recording and production - is exactly what makes it sound so fresh and alive nearly 30 years later.  Freed of the pops and rumbles of vinyl records so intrusive in the quieter sections, Larks' Tongues in Aspic achieves its intended dynamic potential in digitally remastered form.  And thus a work ahead of its time comes of age.  If there were anything it could be compared to, Trent Reznor comes to mind, and perhaps some of Primus' work.  Otherwise, this mighty dinosaur stands well on its own ..... with some still very sharp teeth.
0399146253|2.0|&quot;The Last Precinct,&quot; by Patricia Cornwell, picks up right where &quot;Black Notice&quot; left off.  Our heroine, Kay Scarpetta, was almost killed by Jean-Baptiste Chandonne, the &quot;werewolf&quot;/serial killer.  In the aftermath of this frightening and traumatic event, Scarpetta is depressed and angry that the police are turning her home upside down while they investigate what happened.  Kay is desperately trying to come to terms with her messed-up life; she is still in mourning for her lover, Benton.  Kay turns for solace to her niece, Lucy, and her friend, Anna, but there are no easy answers.  Kay is considering leaving her job, but she is uncertain what she should do with the rest of her life.  Unfortunately, this is pretty much the plot of most of the book.  Scarpetta wallows in misery while her friends attempt to comfort her.  The only other plot is the tying in of three strange murders with a tacked on explanation of what really happened to Benton back in Philadelphia.  None of this is remotely entertaining or believable.  I have been a fan of the Scarpetta books for years.  They have been uneven in quality for some time now, but this virtually plotless novel is an indication that the Kay Scarpetta books have run their course.
B000002H72|5.0|this shall rock thy world. i loved this since i was 13 and im now 20. its timeless and and forever seems to stand the test of time. oh black francis if i was a woman you would probably be my husband.     love this
B00003CXHJ|4.0|A really good action thriller that will keep you entertained throughout.  I would have given it a little higher rating had the movie not relied so heavely on hollywood &quot;this guy pulls something off at the last minute to save the day&quot; action. Many of the bonus features are entertaining as well, especially if you've served any time as a submariner Sailor (I've been one for 23 years).  If there are any other submarine Sailors or just action/adventure movie fans out there, go ahead and put this one in your shopping cart.
B000003TA2|5.0|this is my favorite one. it rocks my world and swallows me up. when it spits me up i just want to climb back into its jaws. dirty boots starts this badboy off with an almost mystic guitar riff only to turn into a rock trip like none other and album follows in its foot steps.  love this
B00004WEJZ|2.0|Bond, not at his best.  There are a few scenes worth watching, but overall it is a bit boring.  It was nice to see Connery in the role that he made famous however the villan was dull,the musical score was awful, and the gadgets lame.  Also the DVD version is missing about 15 minutes of the movie (when Bond enters the casino and subdues the doorman it skips right to the video game scene and deletes the entire first meeting between Bond and Largo).  Stick with the Broccoli/Saltzman Bond for first rate action and adventure.
6304539258|5.0|Star Wars is one of the most successful and most entertaining films of all time.The special effects were way ahead of anything up till then.(except 2001 maybe)The mostly unknown(up to that point)cast is great---Mark Hamill,Harrison Ford,(he wasn't nearly as well known at the time)and Carrie Fisher are the three main characters.The rest of the cast is outstanding,too most notably screen veterens Alec Guinness,Peter Cushing,David Prowse as Darth Vader,(one of the best villains ever)and James Earl Jones as Vader's unforgettable voice.The film really solidified the career of director George Lucas.(his previous films were the excellent and very successful American Graffiti,and the not very well known,but very good THX 1138)The film would not have been the same,though,without the awesome musical score by John Williams.Overall this is a great movie,and is followed by two excellent sequals,and a pretty good prequal.I would also like to say,that I really enjoyed the Special Edition,(especially on the big screen)but to me it really isn't any better than the original version.
B00004ST9Q|3.0|This DVD is a celebration of Whitney Houston sucess. I must say I like her a lot, though I'm not fanatic for her. The videos are well chosen, especially those form &quot;Bodyguard&quot;. Surely, some of her videos are missing in this release --Shoop, Shoop song, It's not right (dance version) etc. The special area is very interesting, showing live performances of Whitney and exclusive interviews. I enjoyed the photo section for the greatest hits CD cover, the interview with Clive Davis and her live performance of &quot;My love is your love&quot;in Germany. If you like Whitney, you must have this DVD!
0399146253|5.0|I'll admit that I was skeptical when I first looked through it in the bookshop, and went so far as not to buy it, which is pretty hard for me as I've been a die-hard fan for a while. I didn't like the fact that it was about the werewolf murders, which I never found interesting at all when they were in BN, and most of all I didn't like it being written in the present tense. Plus there were a few revelations I found flicking through it that I didn't think were good. But I did eventually buy it (exactly one week later) and I couldn't put it down from the first page. <br />I can see that it wouldn't be a good book to someone who hadn't read the Scarpetta series. It's so fixated on the characters rather than the crimes. But I loved learning so much more about the characters, seeing as I am familiar with the series. <br />I wasn't really looking forward to LP, because like many others I felt that her books had been going steadily downhill since around Unnatural Exposure, and Black Notice was the worst so far. But this has completely changed the direction of the series, it's gone up and up and up. Although I don't know how I'm going to wait another year for the sequel. <br />In short, I thought that this was a great, incredible book, and I hope the next one is as good.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Christina has an amazing voice, and this CD is proof. On &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot;, she belts out an excellent ballad. These are the type of songs I love to hear by Christina. Also, &quot;Christmas Time&quot; is an excellent track as well. It has a good RnB flavor to it. It definetly has single potential. All of the tracks on this cd are  great in my opinion. There is something here for everyone. No matter how old or young you are.
0790735172|5.0|Compared to todays karate films, this is one of a kind!  Almost uncomparible.  Especially considering how martial arts would most likely look in reality situations.  Its' got serious action, and drama on screen.  Not that funny, circus clown acting you see in most asian films.  This ones' for keeps.  One of Hollywoods best M.A. films ever made.  Everybody on this film were perhaps ahead of their time.
B00004XONN|5.0|I started reading the reviews here, and something strange struck me. There are hardly any guitars on the album, and yet I had not noticed. Why? Because good music transcends its gendre, and Radiohead will always write good music. When I first heard OK Computer it sounded magnificent, but wierd. And yet 3 years later it sounds as comfortingly familiar to me as the Beatles. Kid A is a clear progression from OK Computer, the childs toy of Radioheads best song to date 'No Surprises' is echoed at the begining of the title track, and 'Motion Picture Soundtrack' can't help but remind me of 'Fitter Happier' with achingly beatiful music going un-noticed in the background. I can't help but get the feeling that a lot of people loved the bends, but were only pretending to like OK Computer, and are just downright confused by this album. Anyone who really 'got' OK Computer will love this album. It will take time, but then Radiohead are worth the investment.
0192834436|5.0|This is the novel I always go back to when I want to recapture that great &quot;Primal Read.&quot; It's almsot impossible to put Thackeray's masterpiece down: its depiction of the corrupt world of the Prince Regent seems to leap off the page and acquire its own reality, so that for days after I first read this I seemed to be living in Thackeray's universe rather than late twentieth-century America. Its genius is not only in its humor (which is considerable--episodes like Becky Sharp's impression of the Countess of Southdown are almost unforgettably funny) but in its rounded depiction of characters who seem to have lives of their own outside of the book itself. No character, no matter how trivial, does not get his or her own moment, and just when you've written off one of them as two-dimensional Thackeray suddenly makes you aware of that character's ability to suffer in an acutely human way. Thackeray never wrote anything better, but nor did perhaps any other Victorian novelist.
B00004XONN|5.0|I started reading the reviews here, and something strange struck me. There are hardly any guitars on the album, and yet I had not noticed. Why? Because good music transcends its gendre, and Radiohead will always write good music. When I first heard OK Computer it sounded magnificent, but wierd. And yet 3 years later it sounds as comfortingly familiar to me as the Beatles. Kid A is a clear progression from OK Computer, the childs toy of Radioheads best song to date 'No Surprises' is echoed at the begining of the title track, and 'Motion Picture Soundtrack' can't help but remind me of 'Fitter Happier' with achingly beatiful music going un-noticed in the background. I can't help but get the feeling that a lot of people loved the bends, but were only pretending to like OK Computer, and are just downright confused by this album. Anyone who really 'got' OK Computer will love this album. It will take time, but then Radiohead are worth the investment.
0812550706|5.0|One of science fiction's most beloved novels, ENDER'S GAME was the winner of both the Hugo and the Nebula awards when it was published. In this book, Orson Scott Card details the childhood of Ender Wiggin, a child genius recruited by the world government in a program that teaches children the ways of war, so that they might command the world's armies in an expected battle with the alien buggers. Among geniuses, Ender quickly shows himself to be the best of them all, gaining allies and enemies as he moves through the ranks.<br />ENDER'S GAME is a superb novel. Card tells the story in such a way that readers will not want to put the book down for anything. Moving through Ender's triumphs and dark times, there is never a compelling reason to stop reading the book. Intertwined with the story of the boy genius Ender, are the exploits of his brother and sister in the world of world politics, and the political jockeying of Ender's fellow soldiers. Dealing with many different serious and deep themes, not only is the book entertaining, but frequently philosophical. However, the book never gets to the point of being too preachy or too long-winded. As a whole, ENDER'S GAME is as well-rounded a piece of fiction as is available today.<br />Vividly descriptive and wildly entertaining, ENDER'S GAME is a novel for anyone of any taste or background.<br />Just make sure you have enough time to read it in one sitting.
B000002C1V|5.0|The Final Cut is a Floyd classic. A side piece to the Wall, Final Cut recycles all of the Wall's sound effects and adds more substantial music into it. It is also Roger Waters' tribute piece to his father.<br />The Post War Dream- This song is so sad- you can feel how Waters feels about his father.<br />Your Possible Pasts- Another sad song- you can picture what Waters says in his lyrics.<br />One of the Few- Filler material- nothing more.<br />The Hero's Return- A great rocker. Floyd begin to sound a little more like the Wall here.<br />The Gunners' Dream- A great ballad, one of Floyd's best. <br />Paranoid Eyes- Ignore it.<br />Get Your Filthy Hands Off My Desert- More filler material.<br />The Fletcher Memorial Home- Another sad Floyd song.<br />Southampton Dock- The saddest song on the album and a masterpiece at that.<br />The Final Cut- Another sad song.<br />Not Now John- What a rocker- great lyrics. Waters' lashing out at society and the military.<br />Two Suns in the Sunset- A great close to a great album.<br />The Final Cut may deter casual fans of the Floyd; even some hardcore fans may hate the lack of rock sounds. Only the truly experimental need apply.
B00004U8H4|3.0|Being an avid fan of the book, I was, suffice to say, interested and intrigued when it was announced that Mary Harron had decided to adapt this harrowing satire to celluloid. Would she substitute the violence and explicitly detailed sex to dwell on Bateman's nefarious psychosis and the possibility that his madness originates from his environment? Would she take the gamble and keep those two damning elements in order to emphasize Bateman's lack of coherent humanity? The possibilities were endless.<br />In the end...<br />I was both delighted and disappointed with the finished work. The cinematography alone needs to be commended for its excellent portrayal of the hollow office corridors and interior designs which make up the film's setting. Never have gleaming white walls and overly sylized penthouses seemed so sterile and devoid of life. Ironically, the film's impeccable and spotless imagery only reflects the madness inherent in Bateman's outlook on life. Christian Bale's performance is at times frighteningly good and hilariously ludicrous. The telephone confession to his lawyer after the surreal street chase displays his firm command of Bateman's neurosis. However, the scene where he suddenly reveals himself to 'Christie' after savagely biting Elizabeth under the bedsheets is just laughable and horribly cliched (sudden cut to his face, bloody mouth, cackling, etc.). And I could've done with his stupid diatribes on his musical tastes.<br />But...<br />On the other hand, this film was indeed a let down. Clocking a little over 90 minutes, this film was painfully short and desperately needed a more convincing and less ambiguous ending. Several amazing scenes from the novel, such as the 'Killing Child At Park,' 'Concert,' and 'A Glimpse of a Thursday Afternoon' chapters, were left out. Luis Carruthers, who plays a significant role in the novel, is on-screen for no more than ten minutes. And Bateman's hilarious cynicism of his associates is barely touched on.<br />As forthe original NC-17 rating, the MPAA should hang their heads in shame. Even with the 'explicit' sex scene intact, the film was surprisingly nongratuitious. The violence is mostly implied, and with the exception of a couple of scenes of Bateman in the shower (from behind), there is no real nudity. And that's the thing: what ultimately made this a poor reflection of the novel is the emphasis on implying rather than revealing, which the novel did so well to reinforce the theme. Recommended, but view with an open mind.
B000002U9W|5.0|Atom Heart Mother is the first Floyd album that begins to have a more Dark Side of the Moon sound and feel to it. Though the music is a far cry from Dark Side's, this album still offers enough for the experimental Floyd fan.<br />Atom Heart Mother- What a masterpiece. This song is so freaky with the sound effects.<br />If- A great Waters' song; one of his best. The lyrics are the high point.<br />Summer '68- Probably the best song on the record. Other than Great Gig in the Sky, this is Rick Wright's classic. Excellent music and lyrics.<br />Fat Old Sun- Not a Gilmour classic, but there is plenty to hold you over for...<br />Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast- Now I'm not partial to sound effects masquerading as music, but this song does it so damn well. It sort of leaves a road for the engineering for The Wall.<br />Atom Heart Mother is one of my favorites, but Dark Side fans may not like the overlong tops and tails of the CD. Only for hardcore Floyd fans.
1565113934|5.0|After reading -or listening to- the book you will be able to understand why companies win or lose with new technologies. People will think you understand how to handle with new technology. Based on what I have learned in the book I will most certainly make better decisions regarding to new technologies. In fact, it already helped me out in solving business issues several times. The first part of the book is a little dull to read, but keep on reading! After finishing you will keep on talking and thinking about it for a while!
B000002UA2|4.0|Obscured By Clouds is by no means a classic Floyd album, but it is underrated. Based on another French movie, The Valley, Obscured by Clouds should be enjoyed for the music (the movie (was bad)), though it would be followed by the extremely superior Dark Side of the Moon.<br />Obscured By Clouds- A cool atmospheric Floyd song. Nice guitar licks.<br />When You're In- Another atmosphere song.<br />Burning Bridges- A great Waters/Wright song- how come they didn't write too many?<br />The Gold It's In the...- A great Floyd rocker. Awesome lyrics and music.<br />Wot's...Uh the Deal- A cool mix of the old and new.<br />Mudmen- Listen to it for the piano music.<br />Childhood's End- It sounds like the beginning of &quot;Time&quot;.<br />Free Four- The best song on the album and one of Waters' best rockers.<br />Stay- Probably the best Floyd ballad. <br />Absolutely Curtains- People yelling and screaming. Big deal.<br />Obscured By Clouds, like More before it, is not for the casual fan. Hardcore Floyd fans only.
B00004XONN|5.0|I have very interestedly been watching the reviews of this masterpiece by Radiohead, and I cannot say that I am surprised by the wide-range of criticism, the zing-and-zang of love and hate that has been pushed upon this piece of work. Although some hate it, as the New Yorker certainly did (although who takes three magazine pages to reject the power of something?) I must say that this is one of the most original and beautiful albums that I have ever heard, and I have never been a big Radiohead fan. I certainly am now.<br />Philosophers have said that every new movement goes through three stages = 1) rejection, 2)consideration, and 3)acceptance. Sometimes we are too wrapped up in the safety of the past to welcome with open arms something so compellingly different from that which we are so use to. <br />This record will someday gets its full due,(and hopefully many critical retractions).  We may look back at this record, I think, as the point from which we started again, with smiles on our once tired faces now radiant.
B00004YA66|5.0|This movie has it all - action, drama, suspense, and emotion.  I have never been touched so deeply by a movie.  It is definitely worth buying and watching over and over again.  Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel, along with the rest of the cast, were excellent.  This movie was highly underrated and did not get the level of advertisement it deserved.  By far the best movie of the year!
0679879269|5.0|I just can't believe some of the people who are giving this book bad reviews, because its not a bad book by any means. On the contrary it elevates the previous two books to a whole new level. Scenes of great beauty and power abound, and the whole trilogy is brought to a brilliant and stunning conclusion. The book definitely deserves MORE than five stars.<br />If you're looking for cookire-cutter &quot;pure evil&quot; badguys and &quot;endlessly good&quot; goodguys, you won't find it here. People complaining that Pullman doesn't stay true to his villains is absolute nonsense. Although Mrs. Coulter is still evil, she reveals new facets of herself to us. Didn't any of these people pay attention in Book1? Didn't Mrs. Coulter save Lyra from the 'guillotine'? Why did she do that? because it amused her? No, the reason is that despite all of Mrs. Coulter's other evil qualities, she did harbor a love for Lyra. Did she ever try to harm her? Can't a villain do a good deed, or harbor a good thought or a love? Lord Asriel, too, although somewhat patronizing, did what he did because he had a vision of the Republic of Heaven. Pullman displays his genius, not his idiocy, in showing us his well-crafted villains.<br />The ending was the best part of the book, not the worst. Will and Lyra sacrifice their happiness for the greater good. Isn't the book about them growing up? And growing up DOES involve sacrifices, and maturing. Obviously Lyra is not the same little girl she was in Jordan College. What, are our characters forever to remain static? If you want those cardboad people, read Robert Jordan. And if you want a happily-ever-after ending, don't look here either. The ending is for those who are grown up enough to appreciate sacrrifice and the message of the book. And while the ending certainly isn't happy, its not sad either. In fact its very bittersweet, as Lyra and Will set out in their respective worlds with a new optimism, with a sense of places gone, victories accomplished, yet more work ahead.  <br />This book comes close to being a masteriece and in my mind is at least as good as Tolkien. After all, Tolkien's not some sort of God. His stories are epics, but all they did was reinforce traaditional thinking values, and create an intense (and partially useless) sense of nostalgia. This book provokes thought; it challenges, and it reveals great beauty. There is a joy that pervades the whole book thats infectious. Here there is optimism; there is work to do, and a paradise to build.
B00000K19E|5.0|The greatest Hong Kong action film ever made is an American film.<br />The Matrix had been looking like an excellent film ever since the first previews of it were shown. And thankfully, it really does live up to its looks. It meets and exceeds all high hopes and expectations awaiting it. It is a gorgeous, visionary, and revolutionary film, one of the best films of 1999, indeed one of the greatest films of all time.<br />The thing that stands out the most in The Matrix is its awesome and well-crafted action: numerous weapons, high-tech shootouts, maneuvering and dodging unlike in any other film, reality-bending moves and motion that makes other actions films' fight scenes seem slow and weak in comparison thanks to their powered-up and enhanced environment... and hand-to-hand martial-arts combat scenes that are among the most complicated, fast, clever, original, and fun fighting scenes of action films, if not simply the best. Thanks to the premise of the film the characters can move and fight in such enhanced and extraordinary ways that it makes all other action films seem slow in comparison. <br />The excellent and sophisticated direction keeps the action alive: beautiful stop-motion and slow-motion use combined with extremely impressive 360-degree rotating and panning of the camera; wonderful cinematography, overall, which compliments and helps the action to be as great as it is.<br />There's another thing The Matrix does right. In almost all other martial arts films, the fighting form is ruined by its dependence on props and humor sketches. I saw Romeo Must Die recently. It had a bad plot, but that wasn't its only problem. The fight scenes lost all excitement and turned into cliche when Jet Li used things such as bag string and a water hose to fight his enemies. Other times, the entire fight would be devoted to achieving a stupid sight gag, such as the enemy thugs having their pants fall down. How cute. In other words, the fights turned into cheap Jackie Chan-styletheatrics. They used everything as a weapon except actual martial arts. The Matrix does not do this. It knows not to fool around with its action. It uses pure, graceful combat. Apparently, this is a new idea. How ironic it is that an American film knows how to do martial arts better than most recent Hong Kong films. <br />The story propelling and surrounding this action and stylish camerawork goes like this: Keanu Reeves' character, Neo, finds out that he (along with the rest of humanity) is living in a fake world in a fake 1999: the world he lives in is one huge virtual reality environment pulled down over people's eyes. This virtual world is known as The Matrix. And the real world, above them, contains the humans' rulers and enslavers- a culture of robots using The Matrix to enslave humans and drain them of energy, while they are being controlled, to fuel their machines. Only a handful of people, led by Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne), know this truth. They search for &quot;The One&quot; who will be able to overthrow humanity's rulers- and they find him, seemingly, in Neo.<br />So to go along with the thrills there is a quality story, too, unique and well-made. It's an intriguing premise and an interesting vision of the future. There are thought-out scientific and electronic scenarios, which let the action be crazy as it is. And through the themes on reality and its relativity, the power of belief, the concept of mind-over-body, Bible symbolism (from The One to to Nebuchadnezzar to Zion to Trinity, it's there), and even Cartesian philosophy the film presents its tantalizing message with cleverness: let your mind go. Take the pill.<br />The acting is the sole dent (however small, as will be explained) of this otherwise wonderful film. Fishburne was very good, composed and only sometimes corny. Carrie-Anne Moss was good, too. But Keanu Reeves seemed dull, droll, and without enough emotion inside him. Sometimes he even recites his lines without any real inflection inhis tone of voice, making him sound somewhat fake. But then again, this film isn't a drama, it's an action film, and any action film that tries to be a drama and tries to have its actors be dramatic is pointless. The Matrix doesn't fall into this trap and successfully negates Reeves' empty acting by having the focus on the action, not the dialogue/drama. The total 15 minutes or so of serious drama/exposition that Reeves is in doesn't, in the long run, diminish the quality of the film at all. <br />The Matrix is near-perfect; it is one of, if not the, single most diverse and clever action films of all time; not many films reach this level of originality and vision, and when they do, like this one, they remind me why I love movies so clearly. It's one of the greatest films of all time. Even if it only had superb action and nothing else like plot or direction, it would still be great. Do yourself a favor and see it. And buy it. <br />PS: This isn't directly related to the film, but I must say one thing I don't like about this film's popularity is how it seems to have spawned all this backlash against Star Wars: The Phantom Menace! Look, both are excellent films, leave TPM alone.
0375501851|2.0|Although the book did prove to be well written the story itself seemed to get lost in too many words.  What started off as a promising and entertaining story soon took a turn for the worst.  Unfortunatly I feel compelled to finish a book once I have commited to starting it.  I found myself flying through the second half just to get it over with.  Thankfully the last couple of pages were able to spark my interest, but not enough to redeem itself.
B00004XOWM|1.0|The music is just annoying. This is a very untalented group who just made a very weak album. Save your money and by something with at least more than 1% substance. This band is outta the window....yuk!
B00004ZAV3|2.0|The Beatles are the greatest band ever. Period. It is impossible to put their best songs on one disc. It takes thirteen: the number of albums they had. Trust me. I have them all, and they are the best albums I own. You're missing out on SOOOOOOO MUCH if you buy this CD and not their albums, and that would be a mistake.
0684853523|5.0|Stephen King's new non-fiction book, On Writing, is the most concise, helpful, specific and entertaining book I have ever read towards actually becoming a published writer.  He even gives you an opportunity to submit your writing to his website in  the book!  A must read for anyone who loves to write.  Diane Klein, Author of IN THE NAME OF HELP
B00004U8P9|5.0|The following is a review of the DVD re-release of the RHPS:<br />This review is easy.  This is the best money I have spent on any DVD.  Ever.<br />And, this is the best money I've spent on ANYTHING in a long time.  However, I'm biased.  I love this film.  If you like the Rocky Horror Picture Show, this is the collection to get.  It isn't just how they put things on the discs, it's WHAT they put on the discs.  These discs won't be known for their menus (although I like them), there are two things that definitely make this collection worth picking up.<br />First, disc one includes an audio track that let's you hear a theater full of people shouting back at the movie.  That's worth the money right there.  (This is also a great way to learn what to say and when to say it.)  If you don't watch this film in a theater, turn this feature ON.  The second fantastic inclusion is the subtitle track that tells you when to use props.<br />This collection is extremely affordable, considering what they give you and how much it costs.<br />The TWO DISCS also include a musical number that this country (the U.S.A.) has NEVER SEEN!  I couldn't wait to see this &quot;Superheroes&quot; number edited back into the film.  The &quot;theater experience&quot; is a must for this film and since they  brought some of that to the DVD, this film at home is THAT much better.<br />I've been a fan of this movie for over ten years and I've seen it more times than I care to mention.  These discs really impressed me.  I would HIGHLY recommend this collection to any Rocky Horror Picture Show, Richard O'Brien or musical fan.<br />From The Back Of The DVD:<br />&quot;It was great when it all began...&quot;  Celebrate 25 years of midnight movie madness!  The Rocky Horror Picture Show is an &quot;erotic nightmare beyond any measure.&quot;  Relive Richard O'Brien's sinfully twisted salute to horror, sci-fi, B-movies and rock music - a &quot;sensual daydream to treasure forever&quot; - starring Tim Curry (in his classic gender-bending performance), Barry Bostwick, and Oscar winner Susan Sarandon.  Do the &quot;Time Warp&quot; and sing &quot;Hot Patootie&quot; with Meatloaf again...and again...and again...at home, or in a movie theater, where it will probably be playing for another 25 years! (1975, Color, Approx. 100 min.)his classic gender-bending performance), Barry Bostwick, and Oscar winner Susan Sarandon.  Do the &quot;Time Warp&quot; and sing &quot;Hot Patootie&quot; with Meatloaf again...and again...and again...at home, or in a movie theater, where it will probably be playing for another 25 years! (1975, Color, Approx. 100 min.)
B00004XOWM|1.0|it's so funny to see the reviews of these mtv airheads saying stuff like &quot;if you dont like the album you probably just dont understand it.&quot;  yeah, thats right.  i guess the lyrics are just way over my head like for example how fred durst uses brilliant irony in the song &quot;full nelson&quot; in saying that people shouldn't talk trash about him behind his back but instead say it to his face so he can kick their a$$.  pretty funny considering that &quot;hot dog&quot; is nothing more than making fun of trent reznor behind HIS back.  it's also really intelligent in the song &quot;take a look around&quot; when fred says &quot;i know why you want to hate me, because hate is all the world has even seen lately&quot; which brilliantly juxtaposes the rest of this hate-filled cd.<br />truly brilliant!
6302994063|5.0|This is in the running for my favorite movie of all time. A beautiful, talented dancer finds himself bucking The Dancing Establishment in a story that is laugh-out-loud funny while it projects a hero for whom we can genuinely stand up and cheer. Cynics will call the characterizations here &quot;caricatures&quot; and the plot formulaic and contrived. It takes a more noble soul to recognize that these characters -- all of them -- are simply well-defined in the context of this touching, and, yes, &quot;crowd-pleasing&quot; flick. The story asks a serious question: Is Scott demeaning and destroying legitimate standards of dance -- or is he expanding the genre, introducing progress to an art form that has seen its more popular days? (You can probably surmise MY answer to that one. But see the movie, laugh, cry, cheer, and answer for yourself.) The villainy here is real, tangible, but it is a testament to the skillful storytelling (how much of it is the scriptwriter's and how much the director's?) that we laugh at these villains, that we are not asked seriously to believe that their evil might prevail over Scott's goodness. If you enjoyed the humor of Priscilla or Muriel's Wedding, you will likely laugh at this, too. And the dancing will simply take away what little of your breath remains after you've laughed and smiled yourself silly. Not a perfect film, but definitely a solid win for us Unreconstructed Romantics.
6305949980|5.0|So it's been pretty clearly stated in all of these reviews that the movie itself is great- the spectacular (if dark) visual effects, the great musical score (I didn't like any musicals at all until I saw this...I couldn't help myself from singing along), and the all-too-funny story line, all make &quot;Nightmare&quot; a worthy purchase.  But the new 'special edition' makes it a must-have.  Along with the film itself, the new edition includes an hour-long 'making' section, lots of test sequences and sketches (animated and not), several cut scenes, an audio commentary, and, perhaps most importantly, two of Tim Burton's early films- &quot;Vincent&quot; (a 5-minute claymation short, a tribute to and narrated by the late Vincent Price), and &quot;Frankenweenie&quot; (a 30-minute live action film, in which a young Victor Frankenstein, in a modern everyday suburb, brings his dog, Sparky, back from the dead).  When you put all this together, it makes the Special Edition a must-have for anyone who enjoyed the film (which means almost anyone)
B00003CX8I|5.0|a great movie for the whole family spectacular.computer graphics is one thing and excellent acting make a movie that everyone will love i recommend this to everyone.as an adaption to the marvel comics by stan lee bryan synger was a terrific director to this masterpeice.                      beleive me when i say this <br />               YOU'LL NEVER GET BORED OF THIS MOVIE.
B00000AFFI|4.0|Sure like most I was a little disappointed on the first listen of Is this Desire, but within the two years Ive owned this cd, it has become a favourite of mine. Is This Desire, was disappointing at first only because it didnt satisfy my expectations, you know the intense ones that a revolatory artist like Polly is held to from her fans and critics et al. Upon hearing the electronic bleeps and roars on this album I was disapointed Polly was distancing herself from bluesy funk guitar based songs, and sounding more like a dark gothic lady in a black velure robe chanting wicca prayers while surfing the net. But Ive grown up alot in the past two years, and now that I am slightly more mature and finally listening to artists like Ute Lemper and Kurt Weill, I appreciate the sophistication and decadence of Is This Desire. Is This Desire provides unlimited listening, and in that listening delivers unlimited inspiration and mystery.
B00000J2KR|4.0|Filmed entirely w/natural lighting, this is a great movie. It does however, take more than one viewing to fully appreciate it. I recommend buying the soundtrack album as a complement. In fact, the soundtrack is one of the finest instances of just how complementary a score makes a movie a MOVIE.    Ryan O'Neal has and never will be noted as a great actor, but he fits the part distinctly. As a reference, you should watch Kubrick's films &quot;The Killing&quot; or &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; to see just how a director's influence over 2nd rate actors/actresses can make them shine.
B000000WG4|5.0|Like one of the other reviewers of this album, I had first heard &quot;Tubular Bells pt. 1&quot; on the 'Pure Moods' CD. Although it was drastically edited, I loved it just the same. Of course, being that I had never heard it before, I didn't know that it was edited. I enjoyed the 'Pure Moods' CD so much, that I went ahead and started a new collection consisting of all the artists that donated their music to the 'Pure Moods' CD. Mike Oldfield is a master musician. When I heard &quot;Tubular Bells pt. 1&quot; in it's entirety, I was in awe. It was like nothing I had ever heard before. The 25 minute duration just flies by. And before ya know it, part 2 is playing. Although part 2 really freaked me out the first 8 or 9 times that I played it, I've grown used to that monstrous vocal track layered throughout the tune. All in all, this CD is a MUST HAVE whether you like The Exorcist or not... (I also highly recommend 'Tubular Bells II' &amp; 'Tubular Bells III')
B00004Y7SF|2.0|Since Christina has an excellent voice, I was expecting a mature Christmas album from her.  However, although her voice still sounds excellent, every song has a fast pop or hip hop background to it.  There is pretty much nothing on the album that has a real Christmas feel, and you would think everything is just average pop music unless you listened to the lyrics and realized they were about Christmas.  I still respect Christina's vocals, but I was expecting something more grown up.
0440178002|5.0|This book has come to be known as one of the greatest fictional adventur estories of all time.  It tells of a foreigner to Japen, a man known as Blackthorne whose fleet is shipwrecked off the coast of Japan.  Taken in by the natives, Blackthorne becomes assimilated in Japanese society, only to learn of the power and deciet of the country.  It is a tale of backstabbing and power hungry lords that scavange the land in search of anything they can get thier hands on.   Blackthorne witnesess firsthand, the beauty, terror, and power of the country called Japan in an era of war.  I would recomend this book to anyone who enjoys a good adventure tale.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Ok, I thought this CD was dope because it had rollin'.  I listened to it and decided it was mostly rap.  That's not me.  When they redid rollin' with DMX, they killed it.  They still have some good songs like My Generation, but there is so much rap.  However they have the MI:2 theme song on it.  I give it a 4 star because I like it, but they could loose the rap.
B00004XMVH|2.0|I had many mixed reactions about this film, but one thing I can say for sure, is that it was designed to simply make money, and not to put on a serious WW2 submarine movie.  Not even coming close to competing with the internationally acclamined movie Das Boot, this movie should be simply watched and admired for its good computer animated special effects.  Not to mention that this film was incredibly unrealistic when it came to effectively showing submarine combat in World War Two, I give you two examples from the film. Number one, there was no submarine to submarine combat in World War Two, the torpedoes on board German U-boats and American submarines alike did not have any lock-on devices, since that technology did not exist at the time, (Duh)the torpedoes, when fired, would simply continue in a straight line of fire until they either exploded accidentally or slammed into the sea-floor.  So, in that respect, it would be imposible to fire at another submarine that was traveling in the same direction moving fast, and not having any modern sonar or target aquisition technology on the torpedoes.  That is why submarines where mainly used in World War Two for the destruction of enemy convoys, which the Germans where quite good at.  The second example is towards the end of the film, when the Americans launch another torpedo at the bow of a German destroyer.  The destroyer mysteriously explodes in a ripple effect.  How could a destroyer suddenly ignite into a thousand pieces from being hit being hit in the bow.  Unless that's the place where the crew kept there secret stash of Chinese fire crackers?  Anyway, that was just plain dumb.  This is no Das Boot.
0375703764|3.0|This book is written well.  Too Well.  Infact a lot of it reads like a university text book that costs 200$ and has only ever been read by the author and no one else. The word sterile springs to mind.  Some pages only have three words on them and often they are upside down or written in a circle; bound to make you look wierd if you read it on a crowded train! Typographical experimentation fails to take the readers attention away from the mess that these paper leaves are in.  Books cannot be videos.
B00004XONN|5.0|I got to admit, i was skeptical at first.<br />Then, i was blown away.<br />&quot;Kid A&quot; was ten times better than I thought it would be. The only song I heard from it before purchasing it was &quot;Optimistic&quot;, which i liked a bit. Then after purchasing this CD and listening to it numerous times, it grew on me. This CD made me feel good.<br />I don't own &quot;OK Computer&quot; or any of the past CDs. I've heard &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; from &quot;The Bends&quot; once or twice, but after listening to Kid A, I was brought to an unexpected high: music that actually made me feel good. And that's hard to come by with today's society, with all the 'NSYNC's and Britney Spears' which try to make music into crappy so-called &quot;fun&quot;.<br />Radiohead's &quot;Kid A&quot; can be compared to Moby's &quot;Play&quot; (which I also have) and most recently, U2's &quot;All That You Can't Leave Behind&quot;. This is music that fits a good day relaxing at a beach; a little escape away from reality.
6304698542|5.0|I believe Bob Fosse, the director of this film, is the only one involved with it who is dead.  It is amazing to me that every film this man made is uniformly excellent.  He also directed Broadway shows and was a dancer and choreographer before that, all of which he did with equally flawless flair.  Liza Minnelli, Joel Gray, Michael York, Oscar Werner, and the rest of those involved in \\"Cabaret\\" hit their finest moment in it, never to do as well again.  I don't know if Fosse was the first to do what is so unique about this film.  If not, he certainly was one of the first and he did it best. Apparently tired of characters breaking into song at the most inappropriate moments in a film or stage show, he integrated the musical numbers within the whole so that they are performed where one would naturally expect them to be performed.  In this case, that is in the Cabaret itself.  However, unlike those too stagey earlier musicals from prior decades, he cuts seamlessly from scenes in the film into the musical numbers, linking them thematically as well.<br /><br />There is not a wasted second in the entire film and you can tell the man was a choreographer.  He could really keep a film moving, which sadly seems to be an ability in short supply with many present filmmakers. This film is hardly a piece of fluff either.  It is set in 1930s Berlin right before Hitler's reign launched what was to be WWII and the Holocaust.  All of the elements that made Germany a perfect breeding ground for the horror that followed are set forth beautifully.  There is a blur shot of the Cabaret's dissolving into a Nazi-filled audience that Fosse uses in a windup and it is fabulous.  We've seen the decadence and bigotry in full flower performed in the Cabaret, which makes them the foreseeable audience of the future.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.m my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B000006045|5.0|If you asked me &quot;Who are Massive Attack?&quot; , I could not tell you. I could tell you that they are classified as trip-hop. But what is &quot;trip-hop?&quot; I have no idea but whatever it is I really like it. It puts me to sleep and it's made me like many different kinds music. I recommend this album to anyone who wants to try something new. There is nothing in the world that sounds as good as this album when all you want to do is crash. The beats are catchy, and there are a VARIETY of singers.<br />Many songs of theirs have been used in the media.(if you didn't know) The 6th track was used in &quot;The Matrix,&quot; and the 1st track was used in an Emporio Armani perfume ad. So many of you have probably heard of them already. You didn't even realize it. So if one day you're sick and tired of all the music that is played on the radio, try something new. Try this. It's a good album and ALL the songs are great.
B00000G3PL|3.0|The Lethal Weapon series in itself is a great set of movies, and this is a flat-out good pack of movies for the fans of the Lethal Weapon series.  This has the original DVDs with the Dolby Digital 5.1 sound and the Widescreen video, but I'm a fan of extras so I like the 3 pack director's cut better.<br />If you feel like getting all four movies in pack, go for it:  otherwise I would get the cheaper three pack and buy LW 4 seperately.
B00004XONN|5.0|wow am i impressed! I was blown away by The Bends and OK Computer, but Kid A is simply amazing. Tacks like Idioteque, The National Anthem, and How To Disappear Completely are simply amazing. This album is definetly a must have for any Radiohead fan. If you are not a Radiohead fan but are curious about them then buy OK Computer.
0553106635|5.0|At last, the long awaited third book is here, and what a book it is! Martin continues the series in admirable form; each book is better thn the one before, and at nearly a thousand pages, this one is guranteed to temporarily sate you appetite.  Martin is at the top of his form as usual, with deft character portrayals, witty dialogue, and an addictive world which mixes gritty realism and high fantasty. Martin is in fact an artist, painting exquisitely in so many shades of grey. There is much betrayal, death, and violence as old characters are swept up in the tides of and destroyed, while a host of new and equally fascinating ones are introduced. Martin skillfully povides an answer to the question, why do bad things happen to good people? It's because they do stupid things, just like in real life! Martin is never afraid to punish his characters, no matter how kindhearted, wise, and noble they are. Meanwhile his evil characters are made all the more believeable and frightening by the very banality of their acts, rather than being paintd garishly as world-devouring, slavering fiends. Without question the best fantasy book of the year.
0767802470|5.0|This is by far one of the best movies ever made. One item which makes this such a special way to watch this movie is the language and subtitles. Unlike the old VHS ways of finding a store whith the version you want it's all here. Myself I can not stand dubbed movies, too much is lost in the translation of emotions. I have watched this movie in all but Spanish in various formats and this has them all in one nice package. <br />The only downside to this movie is the &quot;making of&quot;, I was hoping to see allot more of how they did the special effects and the models used. <br />Hopefully with enough excitment over this release the German 6 part tv series will be on DVD one day.
B000000HZT|5.0|As others have noted, Tony Banks was the musical brains behind Genesis. So of  course Genesis sounds like Banks and vice versa.  A Curious Feeling is at least on a par with A Trick Of The Tail or Duke...beautiful and at times, thrilling.<br />As for the vocals, they're harmless. At least they're not in the current &quot;operatic&quot; style of  Dream Theater or Rush (or Styx!). Nor will you have to put up with the brougue of that character from Marillion.<br />A nice companion to A Curious Feeling is Mike Rutherford's Smallcreep's Day which was written by the other hidden talent in Genesis, Anthony Phillips. They really don't make records like these anymore--and why should they? Phil Collins records a song with 3 chords and a drum machine and sells millions.
B00004SST6|4.0|I have been following Benson for many years. That means going to concerts (he has been consistently coming to Spain to perform, others don't even bother), listening to interviews, and of course buying his music. <br />On an interview from a couple of years ago, he mentioned that he would go to Cuba to experience more closely latin music, and that his follow up to &quot;Standing together&quot; would be latin oriented. The result is that he partly kept his word, since there are two very latin tunes (El barrio and The Ghetto), and the rest is very very jazzy. He teams up with institutions such as Joe Sample, Christian McBride and Stevie Gadd, thus the result is excellent for purists. Also note that the production is from Tommy Lipuma on the jazzy tracks. Gone the commercial music that made him worldwide popular, and back to the roots (have you heard old albums of his like &quot;Cheshire Cat&quot;?). So don't be mislead by the label &quot;Smooth jazz&quot;. It's not, and it might make believe that this is similar to Kenny &quot;Beurk!&quot; G., or Boney James. It's jazz, with a couple of latin rythmic tracks, period. The El Barrio mix isn't my favourite, although done by two masters, namely &quot;Masters at Work&quot;, who have a great cd called &quot;nuyorican soul&quot;. Just focus on the first nine tracks and enjoy it !<br />For the fun of it, this enhanced cd contains a nice surprise : a recording session that shows up in video. Just click on the right buttons of your computer and enjoy it.
B00004W56S|5.0|As I recall, Smallcreep's Day was released at about the same time as Tony  Banks'  A Curious Feeling. Had this not been the case, I would say that Smallcreep's Day was/is the best, sweetest progressive album I've ever heard.<br />As for the mystery as to why Mike Rutherford's other albums are lousy its because Smallcreep's Day is really an Anthony Phillips album! Listen to any of Anthony Phillips' recordings and you will instantly hear the similarities to Smallcreep's Day.
B00004Y7SG|2.0|A true jazzy/R&amp;B album with lots of bass and vocal embellishments.  Christina's motto seems to be: If two different notes on the same word are good, then six or eight notes must be better!      She has a vocal range almost as good as Mariah although her middle register is not as pretty, it is more of the same tone as Whitney's voice.  She doesn't have an especially nice flow when switching between octaves.  Her upper register is clear and bell-like, but she sometimes tends to push to hard for a note and seems to be singing incorrectly (it sounds harsh.)  If there are any moving songs on this album I think that &quot;These are the Special Times&quot; comes close, although it also is overvocalized.     The one song that immediately put me on edge was Christina's rendition of the religious &quot;Oh Holy Night&quot; which, to me, is as sacred as the National Anthem.  Her &quot;Oh Holy Night&quot; was totally unacceptable in my mind with a vegas-like ending. There are ways to give it an original flare without butchering it (hear Mariah's version or Jewel's version on their Christmas albums.)     I was looking forward to hearing &quot;Xtina's Xmas&quot; due to it's cute and clever title, but it just turned out to be an unnecessary interlude.       I think this album is probably good for Christmas fastdancing, but it is neither moving or special.  Christina has a very good voice, but she would have put it to better use on this album if she sang some more traditional songs and omitted some of the extra notes.  Unfortunatly, the whole album is oversung.
B00004TRD8|4.0|I was really looking forward to watching this dvd, but when I popped it into my DVD-ROM drive, I got as far as selecting a chapter and then my dvd software failed. Neither PowerDVD nor the ATI player that came with my graphics card worked. Does anyone out there know of any software that plays this dvd? Please email me at bfift2girl@nyc.rr.com. Thanks in advance!
068485743X|5.0|Lukeman's book is well worth the price.  As a novice writer, I've had people criticize my work, but they couldn't tell me anything useful for improving it.  Whether you're writing for fun or for profit, Lukeman's book will be the greatest investment you have ever made.  He shows you things you may never have considered before; all in a brief, yet practical text.
0151003084|5.0|If you enjoy black humor, you may enjoy this slim volume of rhymes and spindly characters.  A great thing to break out by the fireside with intimates after a filling holiday meal. Even my grandmother enjoyed it.
B00004XONN|5.0|Before any refference to the album, I'd like to say that I'm very surprised by the reviews I read here. People who like Radiohead are disappointed that the songs are not \\"hummable\\"? \\"difficult to listen to\\"? \\"I miss the old guitar sound\\"? You probably never realized what Radiohead is all about, and that was pretty obvious since \\"OK Computer\\" - they are not Rock, nor Pop, not a British sound, nor any other defiant sound. They are here to make something new, and by that their target audiences are those who are looking for new concepts, new ideas, looking to listen to the future. This is real art, and it would be appreciated as a real break through in the future, just like The Beatles and Pink Floyd are viewed now.<br />   Now to the album - I think it's a must to any real music fan around. Music fans seem to be drifting to two very different directions lately - those who are into House, Techno, Trance and other blends of sounds and vibes, and those who like catchy Pop and Rock tunes, who are becoming more and more repetitive and expectable. Here you have an attempt to still make music in the more Popish form, hence the `songs' structure, but put much more emphasis on trying to surprise the listener with unexpected turnarounds in form. There is more sincere feelings in here than in any of their work till now. In \\"OK Computer\\", the main tool to convey that feeling was strong words; in \\"Kid A\\", it's the sound. That's why there are no lyrics attached. That's why one usually doesn't understand what Thom's saying, and sometimes he's not saying much.<br />   So, if you are one of those melody-fanatics, that can't stand something that's not \\"hummable\\", don't buy this CD, and - you might as well return \\"OK Computer\\" to the shop, since you never understood it anyways. I rate this as a \\"long term strong buy\\".
B000001E8S|5.0|I've owned this one for years, and still listen to it occasionally. What is it about it, I have no idea. I just know that it's the best work by U2 since \\"The Joshua Tree\\", back in 1987, and in a completely different way. <br />   U2 was my favorite band in the 80's. Since then, they have been commercialized in a devastating way, and that's why they're greatest advantage - sincerity - was lost forever. This album is evidence to their undisputed ability to please melodically. When they're not under pressure to be over pretentious, they make beautiful music, which can set a certain mood in a room that not too many albums can. <br />   This album is very unsophisticated, has no real declarations and statements, and it's very melodic. Although it's so heavily produced, it seems an advantage here, since there's nothing much more that simple melodies, some foggy vocals and wintery sound effects. <br />   So, if you're looking for something to listen to in cold winter days, this is your album. You can also go for Massive's \\"Protection\\", they seem to get along together just fine.
0345350499|5.0|This book is one of the few to reveal the Spirit of the Arthur legen, the spirit of Avalon.  This is a very real place, if you know how to get there.  The great strength of this book is that it makes you want to.  However, I would actually take off half a star for the heavy handedness that permeates the conflict between Augistinian Christainity and British Paganism.  In places it slows down a book which some readers may find is overlong to begin with.  For those who like to live with their books for awhile, Mists of Avalon is a treasure, dispite its flaws.
0385474547|5.0|At first, I was a bit skeptical of African literature, but after reading &quot;Things Fall Apart,&quot; I now extol Chinua Achebe and look forward to reading other works of African and African-American literature such as Alex Haley's &quot;Roots.&quot;  This novel is undoubtedly one of Chinua Achebe's best novels.  Achebe brilliantly depicts the life of Okonkwo--a proud man who is held in high respect by fellow villagers in the Nigerian village of Umuofia.  He possesses many positive characteristics, but his rugged, harsh, intolerable disposition ultimately leads to his death.  He refuses to acknowledge the gradual prevalence of Christianity in his village, and, seeing that other villagers have deserted his cause, he realizes he has lost the battle and hangs himself.  This novel definitely corresponds with anyone who is content with things as they are in society and is bothered by change.
6304057709|5.0|As many of the other reviews are long, I'll make mine short and simple. This is an excellent book and movie that shows the attitude and decorum of the day. If you are looking for a good movie, and have good taste, Sense and Sensibility will be an enjoyment. If you enjoy other Jane Austen movies, this will be a favorite. However, I doubt that anything can compare to Austen's Pride and Prejudice, my personal favorite, it is a VERY close second!
B00004Z1GH|5.0|This movie was very good as is challenges you to keep up on what is happening.  There are two realeases of the movie on DVD, one is the American release,  one from Canada. I'm assuming this is the Canadan release which is the verson I recommend getting  (there are two listed here at Amazon). There is no movie difference, but the canadian release has extras like director commentary, documentaries, etc. and the US version has nothing like this.
B000021Y77|5.0|Visuallu brilliant,excellent story perfectly cast nuff said.we love this movie in manchester
B00003CXE7|2.0|I'm still quite surprised at the praise heaped onto &quot;Gladiator&quot; - even film critics I admire seem to believe that it represents the second coming of epic filmmaking. I could not disagree more - &quot;Gladiator&quot; is a terrible movie, a lumbering dunce of a film parading around like the next &quot;Ben Hur.&quot; Russell Crowe is appropriately sinewy as Maximus and Richard Harris makes a fine Marcus Aurelius (if he were from the British Isles, that is), but everything else is so contrived as to be suffocating. Everything in the film is big and dumb and loud, and the producers apparently believed that an utterly abysmal script would be compensated by scenes of surprisingly dull, clanging combat, usually consisting of two armored men slinging swords around until somebody gets stabbed and falls over (and maybe a computer generated tiger is thrown in from time to time). I would have expected more creativity from Ridley Scott, but &quot;Gladiator&quot; reminds me most of &quot;Braveheart&quot; - it desperately wants to be a great film, but it simply doesn't have the script, talent, or purpose to be anything more than a glorified popcorn movie. I'm absolutely amazed that everyone I know worships this film...but to me, beneath Russell Crowe's charisma, the mock historical lesson, and the earsplitting battle scenes, there is absolutely nothing of consequence.
B0000057C5|5.0|This CD kicks but! It is in German and therefore I have no clue what they are saying. My personal favorites are Du Hast, Engel, Tier, and Sehnsucht!If you like metal you'll love this awesome CD!
B000001E18|5.0|For a band that has done as much as U2, rating the best of the best is difficult, but if I had to take only one or their albums with me as I left earth for ever, this would be it. It's strange and subtle, yet familiar and complex at the same time. I have listened to it hundreds of times and I am still finding things that I missed. A dreamy, visionary piece of work. I think I'll put it on right now.
B00004YKUX|4.0|If you want to see a strong man cry, play him this album.   From a musician who has constantly refused to give in to conventional musical format comes another powerful piece of work.  In light of recent news surrounding Mr. Cash's illness, this music carries quite an emotional wallop.  He sings lyrics like &quot;I won't back down&quot; and &quot;I'm not afraid to die&quot; with conviction and strength that is downright inspiring.  This music is not country, it's not pop, it's not folk...it's CASH.  He has a way of making every song he covers his own.  For those of you who have heard criticism of Cash's current vocal abilities, pay it no mind.  His voice is as strong as it's ever been.  Buy this one and cherish it.
B00004YA66|5.0|This movie is fantastic. I watched it in theaters, and on video, and you just keep noticing more and more details that add to the movie, rather than detract. The story is about a cop in 1999 who finds a ham radio, but when he starts talking on it, he finds out he is communicating with his father (who has been dead thirty years). It turns out that he is talking with his father across time, and in the past, it is the day before his father was supposed to die. So the cop in 1999 (named John) decides to warn his father, and repercussions occur in what makes for a very suspenseful and very cool movie. <br /> The acting is good, with strong performances by Dennis Quaid and Jim Caviezel, and also the actress who plays John's mother (I can't remember her name at the moment). But there is also some top-notch technicality in this movie. In my opinion, if nothing else, this film deserves an Oscar nod for two features: Best Film Editing and Best Director. See if the movie does not have you on the edge of your seat, especially when you get to the climactic ending. I won't spoil anything, but believe me, you are wide-eyed with your mouth hanging open in shock. <br /> And for a side note, the film also contains the following: a few scattered swear words, including the &quot;s&quot; word, SOB, the &quot;d&quot; word, &quot;heck,&quot; and others. There isn't any sexual innuendos or references, but we do see (very, very briefly) a few pictures of women who have been murdered, and are just clother in a lingerie top and a skirt. It isn't entirely clear in the movie whether the women were raped or not, but it's likely.     Personally, I thought it was a great movie, with terrific suspense, and even some good drama. I highly recommend it (as the rating implies though, for ages 13 and up).
0884271536|5.0|This is a great book for every Project Manager, because here are described problems what are for many projects common. Goldratt shows to us, where we as project leaders made the biggest mistakes. And it's not enough to know, where is the problem, we should solve these problems too. Goldratt shows us, how can we use TOC in project management to solve our problems.<br />I'd like the Goldratt's idea, that the best way to teach people is through novell, through peoples self expierence. It will be great, if based on this book could be produced a movie, that will help to the people much, much more, because lot of people are lazy to read books.
B00003CX8I|4.0|X-Men was the movie I waited for the most.  I really wanted to see how closely they followed the comic.  And I gotta say, it's pretty dang close.  Hugh Jackman was perfect for the role of Wolverine.  So Were Patrick Stewart, Tyler Mane, Famke Jannsen, &amp; Ray Park (Even though He wasn't like the toad in the comic, he kicked ...)   Although a few of my favorites weren't in there (Gambit &amp; Beast)  I still consider X-Men one of my favorite movies.  <br />PS Whoever wrote the one saying that Jubilee wasn't in it, she was.  It was just an Extra part When Rogue was in one of her classes
6301967992|5.0|This movie is brilliant.  Polanski's style is refreshing.  McGowran(plays the director of the movie within the Exorcist) plays his bumbling Einsteinesque character with great enthusiasm...... funny and full of great lines.... the count is creepy fun.  Great film.  Everyone should buy it right now please.
6305358567|2.0|My motivation to watch this flick was the fact that Joseph Fiennes was in it.  I'm not a huge history buff, so this just couldn't capture my attention.  After the first 30 minutes or so, even the fact that Joseph Fiennes was in it couldn't keep my attention.  My advice: For the history buffs, or those interested in Elizabeth.  Otherwise, it's a snore.
0312952813|4.0|Black Ice by Michael Connelly    Saint Martins Paperbacks 1993<br />When a fellow police officer is found dead, a supposed suicide, Harry Bosch  is told to stay away from it. But when he finds out that it's not suicide and is tied to some other murders in the same area, he begins his own investigation. Much to the chagrin of his superiors, Harry, like the lonely coyote, Timido, that lives and hunts in a ravine near Harry's home, takes off on his own and puts his career and life on the line as he follows the murder trail into Mexico. <br />In Mexico Harry finds the source of the drug, black ice, and also the answers to some puzzling problems. In a strange twist to the story, all is revealed and Harry faces a difficult decision of how to resolve several problems. As always, Harry comes through with the right choice and ends up with enough information to keep his job and his boss on edge.  <br />For the first time in years, a woman, the wife of the murdered police officer, breaks through the thick impervious shell Harry has built around himself.  This protective screen keeps him from feeling too deeply about anything except his commitment to bring the bad guys to justice.<br />This is a very good read; with enough excitement and twists and turns of plot to keep you interested to the very end.
B000002W9Q|5.0|A great addition to the timeless classic.  I love all the songs on this soundtrack, because it takes me back in time.  These are the songs that will never get old.  This CD is constantly finding it's way back into my CD player, despite all the new CD's I'm constantly getting.  You just can't get enough of it...especially the song &quot;(I've Had) The Time Of My Life&quot; because that's the song that sticks with you, from the movie AND the soundtrack.  I also really love the song &quot;Hungry Eyes&quot; because everytime I hear that song, I can picture the scene from the movie, where Johnny is working on teaching Baby how to dance in preparation for their first show.  That's when you first see the attraction building.  It's a wonderful soundtrack and I highly recommend it.
B00004WKII|5.0|Make no mistake,  this is hot!  That box is cool.  Blue velvety feel is sooo Hendrix!<br />Also, make no mistake,  you will not leave every song think &quot;YES!&quot;.  Sometimes, you'll think &quot;Hmmmm&quot;.  But I asure you, when you have heard the live versions of &quot;Little Wing&quot;, &quot;Red House&quot; (easily the best I have ever heard), &quot;The Wind Cries Mary&quot; and &quot;Johnny B Goode&quot; you will not regret spending the cash.<br />This takes you in to every crack and crevice of the Hendrix back catelogue.  For in THE box, lies some little and big wonders.  I haven't had this for long (2 weeks) so I won't pretend to be fully acquainted with it.  However, it is clearly essential listening for anyone interested in Hendrix.  Tip: don't buy it for a rare live version of &quot;All Along the Watchtower&quot;, as this is good but not great.  However, &quot;Little Wing&quot; and &quot;Red House&quot; alone make the cost worthwhile.<br />More Hendrix Heaven!!
6300263673|5.0|This is my favourite movie of all time.  I must've seen it at least 50 times, and I never tire of it.  The chemistry between Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey has never been captured by any other onscreen duo, in my opnion.  The music from the movie takes you back in time, and the dancing is such a pleasure to watch.  You see romance unfold as Baby learns how to dance from Johnny.  Patrick Swayze plays the &quot;bad boy&quot; with a soft center and Jennifer Grey plays the naive rich girl.  It's a must see for die hard romance lovers.
B00004X01U|1.0|I bought this CD thinking Madonna was going to expand on what she started in Ray of Light.  This CD falls far short. The songs sound alike and lack depth.  I found I tired fast of the title track, Music, and actually ended up with the CD ditched somewhere in my car, quickly forgotten.  I wish I had not spent my money here.
B000031XCR|4.0|I know this isn't a greatest hits collection. Correct me if you think I'm wrong, but this is a love album. Myself, like some other people, kind of expected a &quot;memory lane&quot; type of cd. This it's not. Celine Dion has a remarkable voice and atittude, but she should have put a &quot;greatest hits&quot; cd out before this. When I bought the cd, I felt decieved. Of course the songs grew on me, but I would prefer to hear more of her better known material, rather than her new, un-known material.<br />A duet like &quot;All the way&quot; is quite touching, along with &quot;I want you to need me&quot;. &quot;I want you...&quot; is extremely &quot;Celine-ish&quot; and fit for her voice. With that said, the rest of the 2nd half of the disc are just not her. The good news is, as I'm typing this, Celine's new collection (volume 1) is out in the stores.<br />I find the movie soundtrack songs a tad bit tired. &quot;To love you more&quot;, though, is great. This song has it all. Celine manipulates this song marvelously, making it my &quot;fav&quot; love song. Let us not forget the unfortunately, (jokingly) tired love song, &quot;My heart will go on&quot;. This song easily found its way into the selection without hesitation. I like the song too! But let it die a bit.<br />The overall of the cd is satisfactory. Celine Dion is a true artist whom puts a lot of feeling into her work. I won't condemn her. I keep in mind the fact that &quot;All the way&quot; is a preview of what's to come. So Celine fans, go get the cd. It's not a waste. Keep Celine alive.
B000002AV5|5.0|What a CD....just goes to show how original Sade is and how different she and her music is from the rest of the pack.  I love &quot;Paradise&quot;...its just is so sparse and smooth with the lightly churning guitar in the back.  I also love &quot;Is it a Crime&quot;....very pleading and torchy.  &quot;Never as good as the first time&quot; comes here in remixed form (what is that funny sampled voice going through it?)...a bit more life than the album version.  I do wish they put on &quot;Feel No Pain&quot; in placement of &quot;Pearls&quot; which I find rather boring.  All in all a very cool CD to own and play when you wanna mellow out.
B00004UFYU|3.0|Although I like Era very much, I think that they failed to make the perfect sequel to their 1st cd. The music is less catchy and  slightly boring. &quot;Divano&quot; is my favorite song on the cd. I don't want to completely trash the cd, but I think I'll listen to &quot;Era 1&quot; for now. I'll have to listen to the new one again all the way through a couple of times. Most likely, like other music, the cd will grow on me soon enough.<br />So, before you buy the cd, try to listen to it before buying it. You won't be as disappointed as I was.
6303704603|5.0|Wittgenstein was not only a philosophical giant, but also a facinating personality.  He was: gay, but conflicted and ashamed of his sexuality; rich, but he gave away his vast fortune and worked as a laborer; brilliant and vain, but always embarrased by his writings; the darling of academia, even though he rejected the entire philosophical tradition; jewish, but a devout christian convert; brave in war, but lacked the courage to face himself or openly support jewish causes during the war.<br />These strange contradictions are captured in this visually beautiful and surreal film  (take a gander at the cover--that's supposed to be Wittgenstein as a boy--Bizzare!).  Amid the beautiful lighting, wild colors, and elegant music, the philosophy is somewhat put on the back burner. But that's to be expected, and, if you watch it two or three times, you can pick up what some of Wittgenstein's major arguments were. Even if you don't it's still great fun--sort of philosophical drama with some off beat comedy thrown in.  Watch slowly with an open mind and you're sure to enjoy it!
B000002KAT|5.0|If you come from a predominantly rock-oriented background, or are approaching this recording having heard the more traditionally structured &quot;Moondance&quot; or any of Morrison's other early seventies albums, &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; may be a shock to the system (It will probably go down easier for anyone who has been bred on a steady diet of post-bop jazz).   It was a shock to me, at least initially, because I *did* come from that rock background, but over time I found greater and greater riches that kept drawing me back.  Several of these songs clock in at seven minutes or more, a fact that conflicts with what I call the &quot;four-minute rule&quot; of pop music that, when broken, usually indicates where ego has superseded talent.  Listening to &quot;Astral Weeks,&quot; it's clear that Morrison knew on some level what he was reaching for and, in light of the results, conventional notions of judgement have to be revised.<br />A remarkable achievement for anyone at any age, Morrison was (in 1968) only in his early twenties when he drew together the elements that really turned him on - jazz, blues, soul, folk, pop - and breathed them out as if he had been seized by the Holy Spirit.  One thing that raises &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; to its rare altitude, though, is the interplay between Morrison and the studio full of savvy jazz musicians assembled for these sessions.  While most of the players, from bassist Richard Davis to drummer Connie Kay, are said to have approached this date as just another gig (only guitarist Jay Berliner is rumored to have really put his heart into his playing, which is exemplary), everyone here clearly understood Morrison's intent and the support is uniformly brilliant.  Larry Fallon's empathic string arrangements, overdubbed after the basic tracks were laid down live in the studio in two (!) days, bolster the emotional impact of the music (and are more organic than those he did for Nico's debut, &quot;Chelsea Girl,&quot; where the stringsand flutes were often completely out of place).<br />The title track, for instance, is two chords, a few impressionistic verses and a long coda of presumably improvised, evocative phrases (&quot;I'm nothing but a stranger in this world&quot;) to the accompaniment of the groove-perfect rhythm section and Fallon's strings, which both push and pull against the intensity of the music and Morrison's now shouting/now hushed voice.  For its entire seven minutes, the song remains stirring and surprising.  The rest of the album maintains the feel established by that bright opening, from the unexpected, minimalist harpsichord part that propels &quot;Cypress Avenue&quot; to the horns that blast away on &quot;The Way Young Lovers Do.&quot;  The closer, &quot;Slim Slow Slider,&quot; features only Morrison's vocal and guitar, Davis' bass and John Payne's mournful soprano sax played so that it almost sounds like a clarinet.  Despite (or perhaps because of) such modest and unusual instrumentation, the song manages to evoke a deep sense of loss and sadness.  <br />Even though the essence of his amazing body of work in the early seventies flows freely from this album, Van Morrison has rarely given us anything this loose-limbed since.  Music like this isn't so much ahead of its time as completely *out* of time, comparable to nothing, and in a world of increasingly diverse and adventurous recordings that are being categorized as popular music, &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; is still, by and large, completely unique.
B00003CWNR|2.0|This is what William Goldman would call a &quot;medicinal&quot; movie. Because it's politically correct and addresses serious issues, you're supposed to be in awe of it. Because it's good for you and medicinally sound. One failing is that it is tedious to sit through. And, personally, I can't stand Toby Maguire (even though he's probably a very nice person). His high monotonous voice, and thin-lipped, bulgy-eyed face and narrow acting annoys me. The movie is beautifully shot...but what big budget studio movie isn't beautifully shot these days.  Caine and others are good, etc. But when people say &quot;The stars were good, but the material wasn't&quot; it should sink into their skulls that acting is much easier to pull off than writing (10 year olds win asting Oscars, but not writing Oscars...that tells you something). If you're a sucker for period pieces and don't mind glacial pacing, check this out. But otherwise forget it.
B00001MXXG|5.0|This outrageously hilarious picture from 1986 is already a classic. In Australia it has almost reached cult status, and I find that it glamorously portrays the American teenage lifestyle. A true American treasure!<br />Superb casting and acting make this teenage comedy stand out. It is one of those rare films in which the laughs cascade from one scene on to the next. There is never a dull passage. Memorable moments include a unique classroom scene with the teacher's inimitable method of sending the class to sleep, and no one ever forgets the freeze-frame with the Ferrari airborne to the Star Wars theme: brilliant!<br />The picture quality is excellent, remarkably brighter and crisper than those old VHS rental tapes. The picturesque footage of Chicago is both a credit to the production team and an appealing advertisement for the city itself.<br />The sound quality also does the exceptional soundtrack justice. Dolby Digital 5.1 and Widescreen as standard features, and a fascinating directors commentary make this DVD release worthy of the title. If you are after great comedy, this wont disappoint.
0792842073|5.0|Cry for us all. That's what you'll do by the end of this harrowing film based on a true story of a Roman Catholic nun (Sarandon) who befriends a convicted murderer (Penn) about to meet his Maker.<br />By revealing how this nun finds the courage to bring Penn to terms with the enormity of his transgression--murdering a teenage couple after first raping the girl--director (and Sarandon companion) Tim Robbins makes one giant leap from his first film, 1992's slim political satire Bob Roberts.<br />But Dead Man is more than a tale of redemption. Robbins's finely crafted script, adapted from Sister Helen Prejean's 1993 book of the same name, looks at crime and punishment from multiple viewpoints.The anguish suffered by everyone--the doomed killer, the lawyer trying to save him, the parents of his victims and the nun who listens to and hears them all--is wrenchingly real.<br />Sarandon wears almost no makeup but shines with an inner radiance. Penn, moving from defiance to remorse, is her match. But what makes Dead Man so haunting is that it doesn't presume to answer all of the questions it raises. As Sarandon tells Penn when he finally comprehends the immensity of his act, &quot;There are spaces of sorrow only God can touch.&quot;
6305364648|5.0|This movie has everything, for everyone. From the 007 opening underwater break-in and the unforgettable Tango through to the action-packed Harrier Jet finale, this film is James Cameron's masterpiece.<br />Shwarzenegger on horse-back chasing a terrorist on a motorbike through a hotel is something unique and extremely entertaining. There is also the sub-plot of the used cars salesman which in itself provides scenes full of laughs and action.<br />This is both Shwarenegger's and James Cameron's best film to date. Even my mother liked this one, and she hates action movies. As I say, there is something in it to please everyone. It is my favorite of all time.<br />Also this was the first ever movie shot in Dolby Digital, and what a surround sound experience it is!
0800199421|4.0|Harrison Ford is the dream President. Playing the leader of the free world in Air Force One, he is as principled as Lincoln, as plain talking as Truman, as easy on the eyes as Kennedy and, as a former Medal of Honor winner in Vietnam, as ready to bash heads as any villain. Who wouldn't vote for this guy?<br />Air Force One, a rousing thriller directed with exemplary proficiency by Wolfgang Petersen (Das Boot and In the Line of Fire), hits cruising speed with its first scene and never slows down. The movie pits Ford against a renegade Kazakhstan terrorist (Oldman, convincingly wild-eyed) who hijacks the presidential plane and holds a gun to the head of the First Lady (Wendy Crewson) and the 12-year-old First Daughter (Liesel Matthews). It is up to Ford, secreted down in the bowels of the jet when Oldman and his band of terrorists first take over, to outfox the hijackers and save his family and the other hostages onboard.<br />Among those ably supporting him on the ground are Glenn Close, as the flinty Veep, and Dean Stockwell, who adds a touch of vinegar as an Al Haig-like (&quot;I'm in charge here,&quot; he says) Secretary of Defense. But AF1 belongs to Ford. With his aw-shucks demeanor and air of unflinching moral rectitude, he is as close as we come in today's Hollywood to Gary Cooper.
B000003N7G|5.0|I first heard this album when I was in college in the late 60's and did NOT like it.  Then, after hearing Michael Harper read his poem &quot;Dear John, Dear Coltrane&quot; almost 30 years later, I bought it on CD.  My second &quot;first&quot; playing of the album was almost rapturous.  I am not at all religious, but the music here is so deeply spiritual that it frequently moves me near to tears while simultaneously buoying my soul and my spirits.  There is no funk too deep for this oddly sad yet utlimately joyous music to penetrate.  I listen again and again as the so familiar music is strangely new each time.  The chanting adds to the music for me, but that might have something to do with Michael Harper as well.  I cannot imagine not owning this transcendant classic.  I do agree with an earlier reviewer that Trane's &quot;My Favorite Things&quot; might well be a better place to start.
B00000ADG2|4.0|As one-third of the Grammy-winning hip-hop act the Fugees, Lauryn Hill became a star. On this, her powerful solo debut, the 23-year-old singer-songwriter-producer becomes an artist.<br />Thoughtful and passionate, The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill is an exhilarating mix of warmly expressive singing, hip-hop and reggae-flavored rhythms and Hill's often no-nonsense lyrics (&quot;Don't be a hard rock when you're really a gem/Babygirl, respect is just a minimum''). Sometimes celebratory (as in the slightly overwrought ode to her son, &quot;To Zion&quot;) and sometimes cautionary (the heartbreaking look at love gone bad, &quot;Ex-Factor&quot;), Hill can seem wise one moment and playfully girlish the next.<br />With help from guitarist Carlos Santana and fellow vocalists Mary J. Blige and D'Angelo (who duets on the sexy &quot;Nothing Even Matters&quot;), Hill sings about nontraditional hip-hop subjects such as God, family, the cost of success and the need to love and be loved. In the process she raises the bar for intelligent, introspective pop.
B00004Z459|5.0|Although I do not quite understand where the name originated from, this band has a bright future, if the media is kind to them. Every song seems to pull you into it, and it most certainly has feeling. I've never seen such a performance on a debut album, undoubtedly not a one-hit-wonder. Combined with a little dj mixing here and there, makes this album even better. I only listened to one 'bad' song on hear, because it was _ALL_ mixing, you shoulden't do that on a debut, much less a following cd. Overall, kickass cd, buy now or succumb the listening of a future chart topper.
0590353403|4.0|The Harry Potter series is entertaining for the target age group and a nice diversion for the adult crowd.  There is nothing overly difficult about reading these books and they are a quick one day read for most adults.  There are some interesting child-sized philosophical questions for children (i.e. in the second book Rowling exposes the superficial as nothing more than a moron with a nice smile in Gilderoy Lockhart.)  These books send a clear message that money, good looks and a fast broomstick are not the end all--that there is more to life than just the material.  <br />The only problem I have with Rowling's writing style is that she is not very tidy.  Rowling leaves loose ends untied like how Harry got his invisible cloak back in the first book or how Harry got his wand back at the end of the second.  <br />Otherwise, Rowling is a natural with a knack for detail and wit.  There is a great deal of tongue in cheek humor that had me, along with other adult readers I know, rolling.  The books appeal to both children and adults with humor a child would not be able to understand, but presented in such a way that a child would never know they had missed something.  This is a very sophisticated way to appeal to a larger audience and something Rowling should be applauded for.  <br />These books are great for reading outloud to children.
B00000IKSC|1.0|Believe me, since this was the era wherein my sister was a BSB fan herself, I tried to like this concert, which I've seen several times. But most of the time, it just doesn't cut it. You have the &quot;famous&quot; Backstreet Boys who have 81 items here and they're not even &quot;legends&quot; yet. Don't know why......they may be &quot;too hot.&quot; And they jump around on stage, taking off their shirts, just trying to show off....but at least on the hilarious &quot;Quit Playing Games&quot; bit did they attempt instrument playing. Still, these guys will be history in no time. Maybe I should check deeper into the &quot;not much better&quot; 'N Sync, teen pop detractor or not--at least THEY know when and where they should keep their clothes on.
B000002H2H|5.0|This CD is clearly the greatest Metallica CD ever made and also arguably one of the greatest Rock CD's of all time. From the explosive fight fire with fire, to the brilliant Ride the Lightning where Kirk just tears it up!! Then onto For Whom the Bell Tolls which is also and unbelievable song. Fade to Black is in my opinion one of the greatest songs ever written, no Metallica, rock, or music fan should not be without some copy of it. Creeping Death is also a musical master piece and also sounds really good at concerts. Anyway if you were ever thinking of buying a cd, this should be it!
0140277447|2.0|As mentioned in a few reviews before mine, this book is severely flawed in more than one place. Only because it's written well doesn't mean that everything in there is right. Anyone who's interested in the Nanjing Massacre should maybe start with the book &quot;The Nanjing Massacre&quot; by Honda Katsuichi, which gives a much less biased view on what happened and offering many stories from survivors of the massacre and the events that occured from the landing at Shanghai to the fall of Nanjing. I do think that it's good that Iris Changs book has become so popular and made many people interested in this topic, but one should really get the facts right in such a work and that is something which she did not do.
B00003CXFG|5.0|I wasn't super eager to see it in the theatre. On one hand it seemed cool, but from the trailer, the fx didn't seem too great. But still, I love sci-fi and was eager to rent it. Wow. I was really surprised. It kinda blew me away. The cinematography and the way they depicted the lighting of a planet with 3 suns was really wonderful and innovative. Something I've never seen before and I watch a lot of movies. Had I known this was directed by the same guy who directed The Arrival, I probably would have jumped to see it in the theatre. This guy is really talented. He seems to have the midas touch. Everything he touches turns to gold. I completely love The Arrival I and II. I have them both on dvd and they are both really good. There is just enough innovation in them to make them really good as opposed to those who try to use these tried and true alien themes over and over again and just cannot pull it off. True, I guess Pitch Black is not a masterpiece and surely has it's faults, but in sci-fi, it really is the cream of the crop in my humble opinion. True, the story is tired, but somehow the story works and is not tired here. The acting's good and the character's are intriquing. The guy who plays the villian really does do a wonderful job. Also, the special fx and animation did not disappoint as I thought it would. Far from it. The creatures are very interesting and unique and very believable. The way they move about... complete alien predators... is just so cool.  The animation is really good in my opinion and just the way they depicted them. How the villian guy (being a predator himself) learns how to hide from them in their blindspots and put up a good challenge. That conflict is really stimulating, and his character really endearing. The planet is beautiful, untamed and inspirational. The negative, inverted effects they splash throughout the movie, simple, yet for some reason never really done before... And there is also a tint of that trippy, twilight-zonish aura that I really like that certain movies and shows manage to achieve. I don't know if you'll know what I mean if u saw the movie, but anyway. This is really a great movie if u love good sci-fi. I highly recommend it. Well, I'd probably give it 4.5 stars because it's just one of those movies that has something special about it even if it is not perfect, but I can't so guess I will give it 5. I think it deserves more than 4, for some reason.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead is not the only rock band putting out great music today (although one could argue they are) but they are the only rock band who is successfully moving the genre forward.<br />Thank God for them. <br />It's a great album with nothing lacking in songwriting. Except that stupid track 2.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|Music is a large hobby of mine. I have hundreds of CD's many of which I have gotten tired of listening to. But this album is different, after I got it I listened to it every day for a week and I still havn't heard it enough. It's beautiful melodies seem to keep drawing me back to them. Minor Earth, Major Sky is a complete solid album, there are no filler tracks.
B000002P72|5.0|As essential document of American music has been thankfully given the royal CD treatment! Devoted blues fans don't need the sermon, but if you're a younger music fan who just knows BB King as that &quot;old blues guy&quot; who did &quot;Love Comes To Town&quot; with U2 or the more recent collaboration album with Eric Clapton, &quot;Live At The Regal&quot; will be a revelation. A smoky, sultry and very organic capsule of what a live blues performance (by a true artist of the genre) is all about! I only own about 10 blues titles out of an eclectic collection of 850 CD's, but alongside &quot;James Brown Live At The Apollo&quot; and Van Morrison's &quot;Too Late To Stop Now&quot;, BB King's &quot;Live At The Regal&quot; ranks as one of top live albums in any music genre. Not to be missed!
B000001ELR|5.0|This CD is so heavy. &quot;Rock N Roll Hell&quot;, &quot;Danger&quot;, &quot;I Love It Loud&quot;, and &quot;Keep Me Comin'&quot; are the best off the album. But, the crown gem is &quot;War Machine&quot;. It's really tough and the solo is blistering. &quot;Danger&quot;, &quot;Keep Me Comin'&quot;, and the title track are Paul's vocal since &quot;Love Gun&quot;. Also, the title track is great played in concert. &quot;I Love It Loud&quot; is a great anthem, with a pounding drum beat and chant. Eric Carr's drum really stands out here. This is a great CD.
B000007T1M|5.0|With Rage against the Machine split up there would seem to be a sudden shortage in the world of metal fueled by politics.  Worry not people, System of a Down have arrived. This metal outfit has built up a respectable fan base for having only one album to their credit.  After hearing the first track it is rather easy to deduce why.  They bring everything to the table that a nu metal outfit should bring, but theres more. An unmistakable sense of urgency and even chaos at times. Drifting between fast punk style guitar and vocals, to heavy bass and drum intensive &quot;almost&quot; goth metal, this album truely captures their live sound. I've had the album for more than a year now and having seen them on the Summer Santitarium tour with metal giants Metallica and Korn, I can honestly say they held their own. Despite being an opening act, they surpassed Kid Rock in audiance appluase I might add. Fans of Korn will appriciate SOAD because, like John Davis, their lead (Serj Tankian) singer seems to be teetering on the edge of insanity not just at moments, but at all times.  This does not diminish from his overall sound, it improoves upon it.  The rest of the band plays like a well oiled machine(not to be raged against). The bands message seems to vary from anti-genocide and subliminal mind control to gaining independence from oppression, not ussually subject matter for a metal outfit. Fans of Korn, Rage, Soundgarden, Static-X and the older material of the Deftones will gravitate to this record instantly.
B00004STPT|5.0|Gladiator is one of the best Zimmer's scores (In my opinion his best). I think that his work with live orchestra is much better than his sythetic scores (The Rock, Crimson Tide, Peacemaker).<BR> The most of music for Gladiator are slow tracks with one leading instrument or very nice voice of Lisa Gerrard. These tracks are very sorrowful. Something like the begining of track 335 from Zimmer's Backdraft.<BR> Gladiator has four tops: The Battle and Barbarian Horde (they are battle tracks, which could recall &quot;old&quot; Zimmer), Might of Rome (with arabian motif and powerful motif of Rome) and Now We Are Free (one of the sadest song I've ever heard - beautiful).<BR> I hope that Hans Zimmer will get on with work with live orchestra and his scores will be like Gladiator (or Backdraft or Beyond Rangoon).
6305265488|5.0|This movie was spectacular i cried four times during this movie.Drew barrymore was amazing it was as if i were in the movie and i was her.I recommend this to everyone.
B00004NRWH|5.0|I could not agree more with all of the previous reviews. This band rocks and not in a 'noisy' fashion, but in an intense, real, earthy type of sound. Reminds me of early Mother Love Bone or Alice in Chains. Very good stuff. The way this record is engineered allows for fabulous sound quality.
B00004Z1MN|4.0|This was a video that held many pleasant surprises. What a great original piece of writing.Most movies can be figured out before the ending, this one held my interest and kept me guessing. The ending was magnificent. This movie could also apply to living a full and happy life today.
B00000J6AG|5.0|When I moved up to university I was listening to the singles charts on the radio, and &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?&quot; charted at number 16 (in the UK) and I thought &quot;wow!&quot;! It really captured the mood I was in during that period.<br />Few months later, I heard &quot;Natural Blues&quot;, followed by &quot;Porcelain&quot;.<br />Whilst shopping, I thought I should take a chance and buy this album and it was a chance well taken.<br />There is an interesting mixture of songs, (When I heard &quot;Honey&quot; for the first time I laughed, as I didn't know what to expect!), with the atmospheric, relaxing songs near the end of the 18 track album.
B000002H33|5.0|An earlier reviewer commented that this was an album when Metallica just got out of their garage... that is an incorrect statement.  Granted, I got hooked on Metallica with the Black album (1991), which could be considered the transition between the old and the new, but many hardcore Metallica fans know that their earliest album was Kill 'em All (1983) followed by Ride the Lightning (1984) and THEN came good ol' Master of Puppets (1986). I would consider Master of Puppets to be the best of the &quot;old&quot; Metallica and everyone who has recently gotten into Metallica should purchase this album.  Everyone who has already been into Metallica for a while should already own it and know it.  Some of the best things about it (imho) are the fact that you don't find a song with less than a one minute instrumental introduction and there are songs over 7 minutes (Master of Puppets and Orion, for example).  I love long, good songs with long, good intros.<br />Definitely add this one to your collection.
6301763041|2.0|I don't care what were the director's intentions. The result was a silly, poor film, that fortunately didn't harm Depp's career.
0393317552|3.0|Pulitzer prize winner or not, physiology professor or not, I have serious problems with the logical processes and conclusions of Doctor Diamond.<br /><br />The book starts with Diamond walking along a beach in New Guinea, where he happens on  a &quot;remarkable local politician named Yali.&quot;  The chapter is titled &quot;Yali's Question.&quot;  Yali's question was, &quot;Why is it that you white people developed so much cargo and brought it to New Guinea, but we black people had little cargo of our own?&quot;  &quot;He and I,&quot; Diamond explains, &quot;both knew perfectly well that New Guineans are on the average at least as smart as Europeans.&quot;<br /><br />Cargo, Diamond interpreted, was the colloquial expression for &quot;steel axes, matches, and medicines to clothing, soft drinks and umbrellas.&quot;  Apparently, this politician of superior intelligence was of necessity reduced to pidgin English to express his profound question.<br /><br />Diamond gives a one sentence summary of the book: &quot;History followed different courses for different peoples because of differences among peoples' environments, not because of biological differences among peoples themselves.&quot;<br /><br />In other words, all races are equal when it comes to intellectual vigor.  We must not question that!  Like we are all equal physically: blacks do not, on average, have longer limbs; the Japanese are not, on average, shorter in stature.  It's all only skin deep.  Is it okay if some of us have blond hair and blue eyes?  Is that where the racial differences begin and end?<br /><br />It's the diet that makes the percheron bigger and stronger, the green pastures it's raised in that makes the thoroughbred fast--but, it is certainly not its genetic inheritance!  All that effort to breed for speed is wasted.<br /><br />Professor Diamond ascribes it all to guns, germs and steel, and to the luck of the draw.<br /><br />&quot;The peoples of Northern Europe contributed nothing of fundamental importance to Eurasian civilization until the last thousand years; they simply had the good luck to live at a geographic location where they were likely to receive advances (such as agriculture, wheels, writing, and metallurgy) developed in warmer parts of Eurasia.&quot;<br /><br />Warmth apparently, according to Dr. Diamond, was an important factor:<br /><br />&quot;The sole North American societies to develop writing arose in Mexico south of the tropic of cancer.&quot;<br /><br />So, why did the sub-Saharan Africans not develop writing, or the wheel, or metal weapons and utensils on their own, while the ice-bound Scandinavians did?  They certainly are from a warmer climate.<br /><br />He says &quot;the proximate explanations are clear: some peoples developed guns, germs and steel, and other factors conferring political and economic power before others did; and some peoples never developed these power factors at all.&quot;<br /><br />In that, of course, he is right.  Where he is wrong, I submit, is in his conclusion that individual racial characteristics had nothing at all to do with it.<br /><br />The fact is that the original inhabitants of sub-Saharan Africa, even after a couple hundred years of intimate familiarization with modern machinery and European colonization in, for example, the Belgian Congo, when they achieved their &quot;freedom&quot; and took over the established infrastructure, defecated in and made campfires in the halls of plush hotels, and sold human body parts in their marketplaces.  When the machinery ran out of gas, they simply left it where it stopped, unable or unwilling to maintain it.<br /><br />After ten or eleven generations in the United States, people of black African extraction still, on average, test out 15 points below European Americans on the Stanford-Binet IQ scale.  In Africa, where there is little or no infusion of Caucasian genes, they test a full 30 points lower--on average.  Asians test higher than Caucasians.<br /><br/>Of course, intelligence is only one characteristic that varies from race to race:  athleticism is another.  Is it sheer coincidence that black athletes dominate many sports in the United States?  Or is it because they are genetically superior to Caucasians in athletic prowess?  Why do Asians, although a minority, attain more PhDs in physics and math?  Is it unreasonable to grant that they are mentally superior in those areas, as a race?<br /><br />Racism is one thing.  (The term was coined in the mid-twentieth century.) Denial of the obvious, and exercising convoluted reasoning and indulging in unreasonable, unsustainable theorizing in an attempt to avoid facing the truth in the name of Political Correctness is idiocy.<br /><br />This book is well-written and nicely edited, but the arguments presented are so full of holes that any freshman can see through them, without putting on his rose-colored glasses.<br /><br />Joseph Pierrer /><br />Of course, intelligence is only one characteristic that varies from race to race:  athleticism is another.  Is it sheer coincidence that black athletes dominate many sports in the United States?  Or is it because they are genetically superior to Caucasians in athletic prowess?  Why do Asians, although a minority, attain more PhDs in physics and math?  Is it unreasonable to grant that they are mentally superior in those areas, as a race?<br /><br />Racism is one thing.  (The term was coined in the mid-twentieth century.) Denial of the obvious, and exercising convoluted reasoning and indulging in unreasonable, unsustainable theorizing in an attempt to avoid facing the truth in the name of Political Correctness is idiocy.<br /><br />This book is well-written and nicely edited, but the arguments presented are so full of holes that any freshman can see through them, without putting on his rose-colored glasses.<br /><br />Joseph Pierre<br />
B00004XONN|4.0|OK, first - this is a difficult album. It won't be appreciated by people looking for a three minute pop song, but if you're more patient, and willing to take time to absorb what the band is trying to do, you will be rewarded. Even after the magnificience of OK Computer, I don't think many people were ready or expecting Radiohead to go in this direction. The songs are electronic, manipulated, seemingly without focus, but tight at the same time. This album is a paradox. It's indulgent, but it needed to be. Tracks like 'The National Anthem' develop a groove equal to the best that the Charlatans or the Verve ever developed, then dissolves into a blissful, tuneless puddle of noise that sweeps the listener away. 'Optimistic' is the most straightforward song on the album, and yet it too is unconventional. Like another reviewer wrote, I think it will take some time and perspective before we can accurately determine how important this album is in the anthology of rock. I don't doubt that this will be remembered as a groundbreaking work in many respects. In some ways I wonder if it will be this decade's Loveless (a My Bloody Valentine reference!!). I believe the fact that the band did what they wanted, they're on a major label(!), and it debuted at #1 should send a message to record labels that there is a demand for new ideas. Many bands could do worse than to borrow the ideas presented here and make them their own. It's time for Radiohead!
B00004SU5J|5.0|The good news: This CD is phenomenal. I've purchased about 100 CDs this year, and this one is my favorite. Ludovic Navarre is a musical genius.<br />The bad news: Most people will never hear this CD. St. Germain is not exactly a household name, and the music probably gets very little exposure.
B00003CXDB|4.0|WALL STREET<br />Oliver Stone, after conquering the panic and fear of vietnam in PLATOON, followed up with a gung assault on Reagan era greed and gluttony and insider trading. WALL STREET is that film's title, and a young, wide-eyed Charlie Sheen plays the blue collar boy that grows up to be a white collar success on as a broker, all the while breaking his dad's heart. A surrogate father of sorts comes Sheen's way in the devilish shape of Michael Dougas as a huge power player that mutters the immortal tagline: &quot;Greed is good.&quot; Sheen is lead down the wrong path and ultimately has to decide between his stacks of cash or his own integrity. <br />This great film is quite a morality play and is just one of the shiny gems adorning Stone's filmography. It is a film that has no clear cut protagonist, just a man who wants to be honest and get rich quick, but finds that one can rarely be both. This film is quickly shaping up to be one of the keenest insights into that decadent decade... a film that will more than likely stand the test of time.<br />It is truly a contemporary classic.<br />Another note:  The movie would be great on a double bill with the recently released BOILER ROOM. One key scene in that film has the leads gathered together at home viewing WALL STREET. These shady young brokers know each and every line by heart, showing viewers exactly what these men are and what they want to be. BOILER ROOM is not as exceptional as WALL STREET, but a good flick nonetheless.
B000005HBI|5.0|I've finally figured out why I like Cassandra Wilson. She  reminds me of Dinah Washington, Sarah Vaughn, and the late, great Betty Carter.  Not necessarily the way they sing, but rather the mood and tone they bring to a musical piece.  I like artists who do their own thing, and Cassandra Wilson certainly does that. Anyone who can cover two Robert Johnson blues pieces and Cyndi Lauper's  &quot;Time After Time&quot; on the same CD deserves a good listen.
B000002UDB|5.0|Magic Mystery Tour is one my favorite Beatles cds. Every song is expertly crafted and a classic, similar to Sgt. Peppers. This was the first Beatles cd I purchased, just a few months ago, and after only one listen,, I knew I loved it. What made me purchase this was songs like 'Penny Lane' 'Strawberry Fields' 'I am the Walrus' and 'All you need is love'. Songs that I fell in love with after listening to my dad's old vinyl of the blue album, which is a great introduction the band. <br />My favorite songs on MMT are 'Blue Jay Way' 'Flying' and 'Your Mother Should Know'. Not that I don't like the other songs, those tracks just, in my mind, stand out more. <br />Good solid songwriting (like you would expect anything less from The Beatles?), tight tracks make Magical Mystery Tour an essential album in any music lover's collection.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|The vocals on this CD are incredible and Christina has her own unique way of showing how she interprets Christmas through her voice and style. Never before have I heard Christmas songs of this style, yet you people wish that these songs would have less of a pop/R&amp;B beat. Are you not tired of old traditional classic beats, what is wrong with something new and incredible. <br />You people claim to compare this CD to Christina's English and Spanish CD, when this CD has it's own growth and maturity. &quot;My Kind Of Christmas&quot; can't be compared to those of other qualities. <br />Track Listing<br />1.) Christmas time = This track has many R&amp;B features, but who says you have to listen to sad depressing Christmas music. For god sakes, dance to Christmas Music.<br />2.) This Year = This track is like that of track 1, except it is less Christmas and more of a seasonal song. It gives shout outs to holidays such as, Valentines, Halloween, etc.<br />3.) Have yourself A Merry Little Christmas = As we all know, this song is a classic, however it is spiced up with Christina's vocals and unique sound. <br />4.) Angels We Have Heard On High = This track remains one of my favorites since not many singers attempt to sing it. When Christina sang this song she proved herself worthy and qualified.<br />5.) Merry Christmas, Baby = This track is by far one of My favorite's, and hopefully will be a Christmas song to remember for Generations to come. At the beginning of this song there is a little surprise, so check it out.<br />6.) Oh Holy Night = This track has Diva quality to it, that all I have to say.<br />7.) These Are The Special Times = Once again Diane Warren has proven her writing abilities by making another smash hit for Christina. Diane Warren, the writer of &quot;I TURN TO YOU&quot;.<br />8.) This Christmas = Overall a good song, there is not much that sticks out, but it's Christmassy. <br />9.) The Christmas song = This song is legendary, and Christina's version will be sure to go down in History as well. The music video for this track is featured on this CD as the enhanced part.<br />10.) XTINA XMAS = If there was any point in this CD were I would have to say it is week, it would be this song. This song replaced the Spanglish version of &quot;SILENT NIGHT&quot;, however you can still get Christina's version of &quot;SILENT NIGHT&quot; on the compilation album &quot;Platinum Christmas&quot;. All I can say for this track is that it has a good beat. You will notice in the booklet there are no lyric for this song, that's because the lyrics for the whole song are &quot;Its CHRISTMAS TIME&quot;. (THIS SONG IS NOT AN INTRO) <br />11.) The Christmas Song (Holiday Remix)= This track remains to be my favorite track on this CD. This Remix of the song has a fast simple and fun up tempo beat to it, and it remains to be the most Christmassy song on the album.<br />This is Christina's Kind Of Christmas, how is your kind Of Christmas, Find out and buy this CD... Let a little holiday spirit in your life. You will want to listen to this Christmas CD all year around.
B00004XPP0|5.0|The Star Wars trilogy is, like many others have stated, our modern mythology.  The movies let us live vicarously through the characters and are engrained into our personality and our culture.  How many classic mythology stories have been made and remade into films.  The updated versions gave a more visually spoiled generation a new look at a classic without remaking it. How many people were disapointed with the 1976 remake of King Kong.  The critical person saying the new rerelease of the films is an afront has not done his homework or he wouldn't have made so many assumptions.  George Lucas does not feel or trust that the DVD technology cannot be pirated.  But he has stated that he would probably release DVD versions in the future. Also, it has been almost three years since the special editions were available to the mass market, so some may want to get the films that passed on it before the Episode I film came out. And lastly, the extra feature is not a simple trailer but a behind the scenes documentry which are just as interesting to watch. I may have the previous editions but I, like others look forward to catching a glimpse of the next chapter of a place far,far away.
0393317552|5.0|Jared Diamond's Guns, Germs, and Steel sets out a huge goal for itself, the examination and explanation for the direction of 13,000 years of human society around the world.  It would be foolish to spend much looking at the points where his thesis may fail instead of spending more time marveling at the mighty achievement he did accomplish. Of course, taking such a large chunk of history and creating a theory to explain all of its shifts will not always be a perfect but it is wonderful to see just how much of history can be explained by his wonderfully all-encompassing ideas.  With the soul of a scientist, Jared Diamond has created a wonderful synthesis to explain the development of writing, agriculture, conquest, disease and many, many other factors. Historians may balk at the largeness of such ideas, not seen Karl Marx found a convenient explanation for all human history, but it is a wonderful book to read, whether it is delighting or frustrating.  It gives the reader much to think about and hopefully allows a new perspective to blossom among all of one's older, inherited ideas.  A marvelous book.
B00004XONN|5.0|I'll start by saying that before hearing this album, the only Radiohead songs I ever heard were &quot;Creep&quot;, &quot;High &amp; Dry&quot;, &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;, and &quot;Karma Police&quot;, all of which I liked.  So then last week my friend tells me that [he'll give] me a copy of &quot;Kid A&quot; and that I have to listen to it.  Since he and I usually agree on music, I took his word for it and figured it was pretty good.  What I discovered was something totally new, totally inovative, and I might even say refreshing.  Outside of this being a very deep and creative work, it is good to know that in this time of candy pop and crap like Limp Bizkit staking out the airwaves, a band like Radiohead has the balls to release a record like &quot;Kid A.&quot; The &quot;songs&quot; on this record are very strangely pieced together, almost as if there's no structure at all, and one song &quot;Treefingers&quot; is nothing more than three and a half minutes of haunting synthesizers oooohhhing and aaaahhhhhing.   Guide to listening to &quot;Kid A&quot;: -- The first time, listen to it in your car, driving at night.  You'll  find yourself in an irredeemably weird state of mind. -- Then give it a listen on your way to and from work/school to let it sink in a little more.  (hint: don't give the weird effect time to wear off before the second listen) -- The third time, lock yourself in your room late at night, get you some of those glow in the dark stars, stare at the ceiling and just get into it.  By now you're probably just beginning to really enjoy it.      This is the type of album you like, but don't know why.  The type of album that leaves you a little unsettled, but wanting more.  It's fresh, it's very creative, and if nothing else; different.
B00004XONN|5.0|Although it's hard for many skeptics to find substance and form in this CD, for other musicians like me it's really cool to see the way they have worked this. It's a great work of art that portaits the amazing songwriting abilities of this excellent band. Although many people who came to them through thier earlier works might be a little dissapointed, i think that this is an excellent succesion to OK Computer.
0790729628|3.0|My biggest complaint on this dvd is that with the technology of multiple audio tracks, etc etc, that they did NOT include the narration track even as an alternate.  I had hopes when this came out on dvd that FINALLY I could have a widescreen version of the film with the narration track, but was disappointed.  For those who have seen the film many times it isnt nessesary, but if you havnt seen the film before, you will most likely be lost.
0525457585|5.0|This is one of the books everyone should read once in a life. however I strongly disagree with the 'age: 9-12' thing. Made up as a tale it's full of serious stuff, not likely understood by small children. I'd suggest reading it after 14 years. (Btw my 10 year old daughter asked for this book just yesterday, I told her to wait some years.)<br />For those who have seen the movie I must say it was spoiled in many ways comparing to the book. (Yes, I liked the movie very well, and read the book only years after...)
0780622553|4.0|One of the problems I often encounter when reading reviews, and even writing them, are the inevitable comparisons.  Many people, including professional critics, compared Dark City to such classic and modern masterpieces as Metropolis and Blade Runner, to name two of many.  Rightly so, since Proyas used cinematographic quotation several times in this tale of a man caught up in a world run by mysterious alien beings, known as Strangers, who lurk beneath the city surface and have the ability to shape their laboratory maze any way they please.  The story revolves around this man, John Murdoch (Rufus Sewel), as he learns the truth not only of the city but of his own existence.<br />So, do we sound trite yet?  Good.  It should.  As another reviewer pointed out, the story is less than original.  What IS original, and what sets this movie apart from many others is the direction and the acting.  In reality, Dark City is a noir movie set in a science fiction world and not the other way around.  This is a problem that many science fiction fans encounter and immediately write the movie off.  The director, Alex Proyas (The Crow), does an excellent job of keeping this movie walking the fine line between familiarity and originality.  There is simply not one single frame or scene in the movie that doesn't reflect the meticulous attention to detail that Proyas once again demonstrates he is willing, even determined, not to overlook.<br />Let me debunk here a moment.  Some people I've talked with complained about the acting.  I thought it was unbelievably well acted.  Heres why.  In this world, the denizens of the city fall asleep every midnight and the Strangers come through and reinvent most of their identity using an elaborate technology that is, thankfully, not explained in full detail in the movie.  So what are we?  Are humans the sum of our memories?  As an individual, our personalities are determined by many of the events that helped shape our lives.  They are a part of us, ourmemories, and we have had a lifetime to consider them.  The denizens of Dark City do not have this luxury.  They wake up one night and all their memories are new (even if they don't know it consciously).  The acting reflects this complexity in its muted portrayal of characters.  You get the sense that, as the movie progresses, the characters are still getting used to their own identity, and it really isn't until they've had the same identity for several nights in a row and can build up their own &quot;real&quot; memories that they seem to take on their own life and personality.<br />Another complaint was the opening half hour or so.  People were confused, they didn't know what was happening.  Precisely Proyas's point.  He used static camera angles that he switched between very rapidly, leaving no time for exposition throughout the first half hour of the film.  This creates a sort of unnerving, confusing atmosphere for the viewer.  What this does is help put the viewer into the frame of mind of the characters.  In essence, they are experiencing the same dilemma.  They woke up and suddenly they have memories and they see things they didn't know existed a moment before.  As the movie progresses and we learn more of what is happening, the cameras slow down.  We see some pans as we really come to understand, along with the characters, the full scope of the world in which they live.<br />This movie will really draw a viewer in, and for many people that can be uncomfortable.  I gave it four starts because the direction simply shines, and the attention to every tiny detail should be rewarded.  But be warned.  This is a noir movie in a scifi world.  There will not be any chases, no super villains with pointless motivations.  The Strangers are almost sympathetic villains.  They are doing what they do because they are dying, not because of some type of sadistic morbid curiosity.  The world is dark and slow and, like any great noir film, we are thrown into the middle of it side by side with the &quot;normal guy&quot; protaganist.  Give this movie a shot, especially the DVD with its commentaries.  If you open your mind, let yourself get into the mood of the movie, you won't be disappointed.
0446604844|2.0|Don't you just hate in the slasher movies where the teenage girl is being chased out the front door by some guy in a hockey mask wielding a cleaver and instead of running toward the potential safety of neighbors, she runs around the house into the dark, secluded woods.<br />That's exactly how I felt reading this book.  The main character just keeps making terrible choices that kept me wincing through the whole book.  I'm not a stickler for believability in a book like this, but I hate when a supposedly intelligent lawyer, wife and mom makes absurd choices one after another. <br />I'm not sure why I finished reading this book except to say that it held my attention just enough to keep me reading to the end.<br />And see how many times Sidney, the main character, has &quot;tears streaming down her face&quot;.  I lost count.  <br />You probably want to pass on this book.
0060977493|3.0|I enjoyed this work, but I had to keep reminding myself that it was actually a novel, and not an epic-length poem.  The language is beautiful - it flows in and out and curves around until you find yourself reading it aloud.  Roy has an elegant descriptive voice that works to the novel's advantage in more ways than you realize.  <br />My main complaint is that the characters weren't built up enough.  I found myself wanting to learn more about Velutha and Chacko, and felt in the end that I only received a surface-level understanding of most of the characters.<br />I will keep my eyes out for Roy's next novel, as I suspect that the flaws in _The God of Small Things_ are nothing more than growing pains.
B000000WA4|5.0|This ablum changed my life, it changed me perceptions of things in the world. Mellon Collie and the infinite sadness is one of the greatest masterpeices in the history of music. When i first bought the cd i had only listened to three or four songs by the pumpkins and i didnt quiet get it until the third or fourth listen and then something clicked inside me. Something clicked inside my heart and this music touched me in a way music had never touched me before. I fell in love not only with the songs on the ablum but with the band itself and have become a life long fan of them and their music. The sheer emotion that poors through into their music is just amazing. I have since bought every alblum they have produced as well as hunted down many bootlegs and downloaded their last ablum (Machina/The friends and enemies of modern music) off the net. I am very sorry to hear that this band is coming to an end for there has never been any band like them and i fear there will never be another, but inside my heart and in their music the Pumpkins will live forever. Farewell Goodnight and may this music touch you as it has countless others. 5 out of 5
079284078X|1.0|This is the worst fantasy movie made in recent history second only to &quot;She&quot;.  Rather than allowing Sonja to build muscle and skill the &quot;Magic Sword-Wielding Fairy&quot; comes down to grant Sonja some strength.  As the story develops, the only highlight is Arnold, who we already perceive as a barbarian so it doesn't take much work.  Brigitte is a very poor actress and her dialog is wooden and forced.  It is amazing that Sandahl Bergman who was excellent in Conan becomes such a campy moronic queen in this movie.
B00002DEIX|5.0|Redman comes into his own on this marvelous and multifacetted recording. He has deepened and developed his style and put together a group that swings furiously, even on the more complex charts such as the opening number. Redman blows smart and hip on alto, tenor, and soprano. His style reminds me a bit of Wayne Shorter, but it is no mere imitation. He has found his own voice amidst the rich jazz tradition. Redman also composed all of the tunes, none of which is a loser. Bravo, Mr. Redman!<br />--Doug Groothuis
B0000024JN|5.0|This disc was brutal in '86 when it came out, and it still is 2day.<br />I would love 2 find this release on vinyl, cuz I already have it on CD.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This is the most angst NIN album, and is really the second best, being tied with PHM, because The Fragile is one album an NIN fan needs. &quot;Wish,&quot; is my personal favorite NIN song to date, and I do like all of them. This album has some strange lyrics though, like on &quot;Suck,&quot; Part of the lyrics say 'i'm jesus christ on ecstasy' and it seems strange to me, but it is Nine Inch Nails, though. I guess one reason I like this album so much is that so many of these songs are life-related, and the 2 instumentals on this album are &quot;Pinion,&quot; one of NIN's singles, and &quot;Help Me I Am In Hell.&quot; &quot;Happiness In Slavery&quot; may have to grow on some of you, but for me, i've always really liked it.
B000050FEN|5.0|Finally, one of best movies ever to be filmed has gotten the justice it deserved from the beginning.  Unfortunately, the previous DVD release had barely any extras that a film of this caliber warrants. NOW, dvd-philes can feast on the amazing features available on the updated DVD.<br />A giant step up from the double-sided, feature-hungry weakling the original DVD disappointed fans with, this is a sure winner! With outstanding performances from Morgan Freeman, Brad Pitt, Gweneth Paltrow, and the powerful prescence of Kevin Spacey, and the intriguing storyline...plus the flood of new and exiting special features and commentaries, this is a must-have for any DVD collector.
0767805712|4.0|IF U THINK &quot;GATTACA&quot; IS GOING TO BE THE USUAL SCI-FI MOVIE WITH SOME ELEMENTS OF SUSPENSE, U WUD FIND YOURSELF DISAPPOINTED.  TO ME, THE MESSAGE OF THE MOVIE IS QUITE CLEAR.  THERE IS A LIMITATION TO THE SO CALLED &quot;HUMAN PERFECTION&quot; VIA TECHNOLOGY (IN THIS CASE GENETIC ENGINERRING).  U WILL FIND A LOT OF FORGOTTEN AND YET PRECIOUS HUMAN VALUES AGAIN IN &quot;GATTACA&quot;.  A GOOD MOVIE TO REMIND US ALL ABOUT THOSE VALUES INSTEAD OF THE PURSUIT OF THE SUPERFICIAL ONES.  IT IS NOT A &quot;MUST BUY&quot; MOVIE.  I BOUGHT IT BUT I DIDNT REGRET.
0897500482|5.0|This book that Bruce Lee(Little Dragon)wrote is a very good martial arts book. It's a very good technique that Bruce Lee created himself.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is certainly the greatest movie ever made.  It is up there with Braveheart.  In terms of blood, gore, decapitations and those things, Braveheart is better.  But, Gladiator is a much better movie all around.  It has a very strong story line and very talented actors.  If you see only one movie in your lifetime, see GLADIATOR!
0399146253|4.0|I've never written a review for a book before, but here it goes...<br />This one is better than what people are writing.  Sure, it's not the earlier Scarpetta books, but this one ranks higher than the last few.  I like how &quot;Black Notice&quot; and this one tie into each other.  I also like the newer plot twists that have occurred.<br />I have discovered that when reading a new Scarpetta book, you can't compare them with the earlier books.  People change, so why can't characters?  I also discovered another reason why I enjoyed this one more than the recent ones- Lucy isn't in it as much.  I like her, but it seems like she has major propblems all the time.  In this book, Scarpetta is the one with the problems and I like how she resolves them.<br />Give this book a try.
0767805712|4.0|IF U THINK &quot;GATTACA&quot; IS THE KIND OF MOVIE THAT WOULD BRING U THE USUAL EXCITEMENT OF A SCI-FI, THEN U WILL BE DISAPPOINTED.  I LIKE THIS MOVIE BECOZ IT BRINGS OUT SOME OF THE MOST VALUABLE AND PRECIOUS HUMAN VALUES THAT WE USUALLY HAVE FORGOTTEN.  A SIMPLE STORY LINE, CLEAR MESSAGES FROM THE SCREEN PLAY MAKE &quot;GATTACA&quot; A SMOOTH RUNNING MOVIE.  NOT A &quot;MUST BUY&quot; BUT I DIDN'T REGRET BUYING IT &amp; RECOMMEND TO OTHER PEOPLE.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is an album about Power.  Not only spiritual power, as has been addressed by other reviewers, but the power of us as humans.  We have the power to make this world what we want.  Creed powerfully suggests we use that power to make the world better.  How can anyone disagree?<br />This album is a hard rock presentation of that message.  The incredible bass underlying &quot;Higher&quot; accentuates the question being asked - are we strong enough to use the power we have - while intimating that yes, indeed, we are strong enough, if we only try.  The amazing &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; imposes a parental responsibility to not only exercise our own power for our children's benefit, but to further instill that power in our children, and to try to make our children's power greater than our own.<br />The power of the message and the power of the music both on one disc.  How can anyone disagree?
B00004YW6I|2.0|I love PJ Harvey! I have a shrine to her next to all her albums. I've never been disspointed by PJ Harvey, but I can not endorse this album. For someone who made so many waves with her raw style and piercing lyrics before I have to wonder: Is she trying to sound like Patti Smith on purpose? I would never have accused her of being cliched before but the lyrics on this album are as mature as a 7th grader taking their first creative writing class. Yikes! Polly did you sell out?
B00000GAIW|5.0|Aqualung has many different styles on it, but they all come together to make a fine album. There's pure rock and there's slower rock on here, but the album keeps its consistency throughout. Even without the title track and Locomotive Breath, the rest of the album can stand on its own. If you want the top classic albums in rock history, add this to your collection.
0684853523|5.0|As an as-yet-unpublished author, I have read plenty of books about writing.  Many of these tomes have been interesting, even helpful, but none of them have been as incredibly approachable and likable as Stephen King's most recent work.  He writes it in the style of a long-time coach, a good friend.  He is optimistic about writing (he should be, at 40 million a year), but more importantly, he imbues in the reader an optimism about writing.  I recommend this book to anyone, whether or not you are interested in penning your own opus.  When you finish it, you'll feel like you just finished visiting with an old friend, and you'll like the feeling.
0805062971|5.0|I read this book after I saw the movie, and it made the movie seem even better. But still, the book excells the movie by far. It is told in a unique style, that depicts in a very &quot;real&quot; way, how the narrator sees his life: mundane and unfulfilling. He is unhappy and feels that he his in pain, and so begins to go to self help groups... where he witnesses true pain. But there he can finally admitt to himself how bad he feels about his own miserable existence. And so he visits these groups more often. Until he meets Tyler Durden, who starts a figth with him. This fight is a liberation to the narrator. And from then on he fights often, not to win or loose, but to fight. It is a liberation of the materialistic world, that the narrator experiences. Suddenly he doesn't need all the Things he used to have. He becomes &quot;the all dancing, all singing crap of the world&quot; I found the book excelently written, spell binding and full of interessting aspects. &quot;the things you own, end up owning you&quot; is one of my favorite lines of the movie... The whole book portrais the consumer nature of our society and it's decadence, and the conflict of one man against this, and against himself. It is one of the best books I've read so far, and truly compareable to Anthony Burgess &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot;
6304779607|1.0|Why do I do this to myself?  Stay up late at night and watch horrible action movies on HBO, that is.  It seems like each one gets worse than the last.  But &quot;Cobra&quot; is about as low as they can go.<br />Stallone demonstrates quite admirably why action movie stars should not write their own screenplays.  From the &quot;maverick in the police department&quot; to the &quot;female lead who falls in love with a guy who continually and recklessly endangers her life&quot; to the &quot;treacherous partner cop-gone-bad&quot; to the &quot;one man vs. an army&quot; of the climactic shootout, the plot might interest a sleeping zombie.  Maybe that's his target audience, as the brutal senselessness of the movie could only escape the undead.  Although even zombies will get a little nauseated at the retro-80s soundtrack.<br />Maybe I've been spoiled by &quot;The Matrix&quot; -- no, scratch that, even the memory of &quot;Rambo&quot; and &quot;Rocky&quot; was enough to ruin this film.  I think I'm going to go into my room and cry now.
0451191153|4.0|Fountainhead gets its four stars because it is a great novel and because it effectively presents some wonderful ideas (individual ability and effort alone yields real achievement; integrity should never be compromised; selfishness, in a specific sense, is a virtue) through the romanticized super hero, Howard Roark. <br />But wait a minute. There are a few things you must remember, before you bury your nose in the book. <br />In her desire to present a complete view of life, Rand found it convenient to deny the existence of everything that did not measure up to her own tunnel vision. There is a danger in thinking that Rand's is an integrated philosophy. It is as integrated as laboratory experiments are, in which you ignore or nullify the effects of certain things. This is alright for experiments in simulated lab conditions, not in real life. Rand applies this inadequate approach to real world. Well, we can't expect any one system to provide answer for every thing, and the danger is in thinking that 'Yes! This is the way it is'. <br />In Rand's writings you meet nice people who turn out to be weak in the knees, or have venom in their hearts, and rude ones, who turn out to be heroic. A combination you don't always come across in the real world. But conditioned to associate certain behaviour with certain others, you may find yourself barking at the wrong trees. Beware.<br />Think for yourself. Perhaps this is the crux of Rand's philosophy. As in one of Rand's early plays, the hero admonishes a kid 'Don't let them steal your soul' (or mind or something to that effect). But generations of Rand's fans have been doing just that. Surrendering their ability to think to Rand. Leaning heavily on her writings rather than their own experience. Doling out Randspeak with an air of originality. Forming a cult, whose goddess is Rand. Just have a look at some of reviews in this section for examples. <br />A proponent of rationality, Rand sways her readers not by reason, but by emotion. You may not realise it for the chains of such emotional appeals are too light to be felt, until they are too heavy to be broken. Nothing wrong in it. For any good literature appeals to the heart. But the problem is you may reel under a spell of emotion to deify rationality, or worse Rand herself.<br />Rand's books have often been criticized, primarily because of destructive influence they have on those who take them too seriously.  For you, however, there should be no problem as long as you don't suspend rationality.
0679879269|5.0|This is the best piece of written work there ever was and ever will be.  I have never read a book so touching and moving ever in my life.  This will be my favorite book until my death.  This book solves all the mysteries of the past books and brings everything to a final conclusion.  There are no more cliff hangers.  All the characters change in this installment, every one of them.  Lyra and Will grow up and all of the worlds depend on what they do.  New and wonderful characters are introduced like the Galivespian spies, mulefa, and Balthamos and Baruch, the angels.  The old characters like Mrs. Coulter and Lord Asriel make a return.  All the while the war in heaven rages on.  This book will make you cry, laugh, and it will break your heart at the end.  As you read the book, you feel the pain, joy, and sadness of each and every character.  It is as if you are really there with the characters.  The book can truly change your life if you want it to.  Adults will probably start a controversy over certain themes in the book instead of seeing the beauty of it.  There is no need for me to tell you the story, because it is so much better if you experience it yourself.  If you read this book, you will learn something about love and life that you will remember forever.
6305078181|3.0|Based very loosely on the Broadway play instead of the Bram Stoker novel, this most interesting version of &quot;Dracula&quot; is not the most evenly spaced movie of the famous story, but it is still one of the best films of the genre, and is far superior to the dismal Coppola remake of 1992.  Langella repeats his Broadway success as the infamous Count and has able support from an excellent cast.  The almost black and white coloring is really very impressive and lends itself wonderfully to the gothic proceedings.  The story in this version is set in the early 1900's (about 1910 or so I'd say) and is filmed in the Cornwall coastal area of England, a beautiful misty area of great subtlety.  The scene of Langella crawling up the side of the house, bat-like, his eyes gleaming, is truly a scary sight, and there is genuine suspense throughout.  Because the original Bram Stoker novel depends on the reader's imagination, it is doubtful that the story will ever be told cinematically or on the stage as well as it reads.  For those of you who haven't read the Stoker book, his novel is told as a series of letters between the characters and, as it progresses, the reader begins to &quot;read between the lines&quot; of the letters, piecing together the details of what is actually happening before the characters are aware of them.  This gives a sort of documentary feel to the novel, and I can tell you the book is definitely one of the scariest reads you will ever have!  In many ways, Stoker's novel makes Blatty's novel of &quot;The Exorcist&quot; look like Winnie the Pooh.  Stoker's novel of &quot;Dracula&quot; is truly VERY scary, laced with Victorian sexual suppression and gothic horrors thus far unimagined by ANY film version.  However, for those who enjoy a good gothic treatment with good acting, the Langella version from 1979 remains a very good treatment of the material.  The DVD has a good widescreen print and equally good sound.  But for any of you who want &quot;the real thing&quot; I'd suggest the original novel by Bram Stoker: you won't get any better than that!
B00004X01U|4.0|Reading many of the reviews, I've noticed that many Madonna fans are turned off by this album because it's just TOO &quot;different&quot;.  One thing I've learned about Madonna through the years is that &quot;too different&quot; seems to be her mantra.<br />This album is unlike any of her other work- and I really mean it.  Whether you're a diehard Madonna fan or not, *listen to this album* before buying it.  It's as if someone wrote a series of songs and convinced Madonna to perform lyrics.  I personally admire her versatility, but I repeat, you should listen before you buy, if possible.<br />The only negative thing I can say about this album is not necessarily aimed at the album specifically, but at a recent trend I've noticed.  It seems that many albums released in 2000 have reached for a techno-y &quot;futuristic&quot; sound, while going retro at the same time (Chemical Brothers, Radiohead, etc.).  It looks like Madonna has fallen into this trend too.  But the good news is if you don't like this style, don't worry- it will probably go away in a year or two. :)
B00004X0Q0|3.0|The tunes on this great album are incredibly good.  Nice guitar and lots and lots of effects and crap.  However, the pants lyrics and his frankly annoying voice just put me off this totally.  I know that some people like it, but I hate it.  He screams too too much but it would be alright if he didn;t do it so badly.  In track 12, he 'sings' a bit lower than usual and it helps. It sounds really good.  I think it is when he says 'hate you'  Nothing really wrong with this album apart from that blokes voice.  Listen to some f it and make up your mind on his voice. If you think that it's good, chances are you will like this album.  However, massive Kurt Cobain voice fans will hate this.
0679879269|5.0|I cannot believe how well Pullman has brought the His Dark Materials series to a close.  I was worried that after the long wait, Amber Spyglass would be a disappointment.  Yet this book surpassed both the others.  Gorgeously written, with characters you think you could touch they're so real, this book is a must-read.  My dad offered to buy it for me, if he could read it first.  I declined, yet when it came in the mail he jumped on it before I could, and I barely could rip it out of his hands to read it first.  The way Pullman brought all of the little loose ends together was so satisfying, so fulfilling, so completing.  And his weaving in of a deep religious story - that of Adam and Eve, and the original Sin - made it seem more real than I would ever have imagined.  I have one suggestion before you read this book.  Read (or reread) the other two first, so you know what's going on.  The abrupt ending of Subtle Knife flows right into the beginning of Amber Spyglass, without a 'review' of what's happened as in many series books, so if you just begin to read this without remembering the complex plot of the first two, it won't make much sense. Happy reading!
0671034065|5.0|What I loved most about this book is the dialoge.  I caught myself so many times laughing out loud to the antics of the main characters Jaine and Sam.  Their strong personalities just made for a great read.  Every friday night Jaine and her 3 coworker friends get together for happy hour.  One particular night they were talking about the Perfect Man.  As part of the fun, they compiled a list of &quot;perfect requirements&quot;.  What started out as a joke between friends suddenly esculated into a full blown controversy.  Somehow, the tv stations, magazines, and internet webbies got ahold of this list. Most people got a good laugh out of it.  But someone didn't. Someone crazy enough to take it personally .  Someone who wanted these women dead.  Suddenly, Jaine and her friends are trying to stay alive.  One of them is dead and they know the killer won't stop until they are all 6 feet under.
0399146253|4.0|As a big fan of the Kay Scarpetta series,I feel that Ms Cromwell has done a great job with keeping the reader wanting more.I would like to know what will happen in Kay's future.I hate when I get to the end of the book as i do not want them to end. I feel that Kay needs to get a life ; get the smell of Formalin out of her system  for awhile. Maybe by working in &quot;The Last Precinct&quot;with Lucy she can find some of the happiness she shared when Benton was alive . Can't wait for the next &quot;Kay Scarpetta&quot;.Keeps me hoping that in my next life I will come back as a Forensic Patholgist and not a Dental Hygienist with a love of forensics.
B00000IQBM|5.0|Awesome movie that freaks you out from start to finish. I read the book after seeing the movie and have to say that the movie is much scarier. The dead women in the bathroom scene is the most haunting. The final scene where Nicolson is chasing after the kid with an ax through the snowy maze is one of the most intense scenes ever. The awesome music creates half of the fright throughout the film. If you do not find this movie scary then I must ask you what would you call scary?
B000002KIK|3.0|Black Sabbath is and will forever be a rock god. They are the forerunners of modern metal in many ways.  How on earth did they record an album like this with Ozzy still a member of the group?  Iommi is a brilliant guitarist, and a qualified songwriter... but his influence wrecked the original lineup. This album has a few saving graces.  Johnny Blade is one of the coolest songs they've recorded, and Shock Wave and Swinging the Chain are legitimate rockers.  If you stretch, Never Say Die is solid.  But Air Dance? Piano's?  Light, airy music? WHY?!?! This album is not worth the money. For those of you who are gonna snap my head off and say &quot;I just trashed them because it was Ozzy's last album&quot;, thats not true.  I love the Sab's with RJ Dio, Heaven and Hell is among my top 3 Sabbath albums, and Tony Martin is quite good as well, Forbidden and The Eternal Idol are worth a listen.  But this album was bad.  It gets 3 stars because its still the Sabs, and its still Ozzy, Tony, Geezer, and Bill.  Otherwise it would be a 2 or less.  If you want great ozzman Sabbath, get Paranoid or Sabbath Bloody Sabbath (my fav). If you like a little more rock less doom, try Heaven and Hell or Mob Rules with Dio. But dont discount this band minus Ozzy.  Just dont buy this album.
0780623134|5.0|Put simply this film is mesmeric.  It tells the story of a man convicted of murdering his wife and sent to Shawshank prison for life.  In the wrong hands this could have been a depressing and meandering two and a half hours, but instead is a beautiful, evocative and uplifting tale of friendship and hope that demands to be seen.  Still not impressed?  Add to the equation flawless acting and the best twist in recent cinema and you've got quite possibly one of the greatest films of all time.  It really is that good!
B00001NFCY|5.0|I bought this CD about two weeks ago, and I can't stop listening to it! I really like their music, and it's hard to get sick of. &quot;Are You Ready&quot; and &quot;What If&quot; really made an impression. If you like rock, buy it. If you like any music, buy it. I mean it! You should really listen to this CD and think about the songs.
B00003CWN2|5.0|When my mom rented this movie for me, I didn't want to watch it. But I was bored the same day is was due back, so I sat down with my mom, one of my good guy friends who is gay, and we watched. It was a great movie and it made me cry. It was really touching. It touched my heart and soul and made me think about who I really am and who everyone I know really is. It is a really awesome movie and you should see it. Some parts may harm your feelings a little, but trust me. this move is a MUST SEE!!!
B00004RFDW|2.0|I loved this movie........at least I thought I would love this movie. It started out with lots of intensity and kept me interested for the first hour and half, but after a while I was like...&quot;Okay&quot;, let's get to the point. I understand the whole point of telling the whole story and getting all the points across, but when you're wanting a movie to end that's not good. I'm not saying it's a bad movie, it was one of the best last year, I just thought it was horrible.
B00003CXDU|4.0|Bang-on-target sci-fi send-up, which works wonderfully as both a witty urine extraction of Star Trek cliches, conventions and its scary fan-base, as well a fabulousy original twist on musty space opera secenarios. Even if you're not a prone to dressing up in blue spandex, talking into your electric shaver and pretending your Twister mat is some sort of transportation device, you'll be thoroughly entertained by this classy cosmic comedy.<br />The crew of NSEA Protector spent four successful seasons from 1979-1982, boldy going etc. Nowadays, TV Actors Jason Nesmith (Tim Allen), Gwen DeMarco (Sigourney Weaver), Alexander Dayne (Alan Rickman), Guy Fleegman (Tony Shalhoub) and Tommy Webber (Daryl Mitchell), are reduced to opening stores and receiving the adoration of Galaxy Quest enthusiasts at their yearly convention. The cynical Nesmith's used to being approached by fans in full alien regalia, so when a bunch of Thermians from the Klatu Nebula ask desperately for his help, he naturally assumes it's some sort of promotional appearance and agrees to tag along. Once he realises that this is for real and the aliens believe Galaxy Quest to be a 'historical document' of life on board a spacecraft, Nesmith enlists the rest of the jaded actors to fight off the unpleasant Roth'h' ar Sarros of Fatu-Krey. And they'll need the performance of a lifetime to pull this one off...<br />A mouth-watering premise, given full justice by an excellent script that leaves no Star Trek stone unturned, skilfully subverting every sci-fi cliche imaginable. Intelligent plotting, too, as various disposable plot-points resurface satisfyingly in the movie's action packed latter stages. The cast are clearly having a marvellous time, each raising their roles above mere caricature. Their great screen chemistry, fantastic one-liners and perfect balance of knowing silliness and straight-faced seriousness make for a memorable and highly engaging comic adventure.<br />Clearly, the makers of Galaxy Quest haveset their sights on creating a satirical sci-fi spectacular that will appeal to audiences right across the board. They've succeeded.
0312853238|5.0|Like his brother and sister, Ender is a child prodigy.  Unlike them, he has the potential to become a military genius at a time when it is believed (perhaps correctly) that only a military genius can save humanity.  This is the story of those three child prodigies.  It would have been a fascinating story even without the mind-blowing surprise at the end.  But before you read it a second time, read Card's [[ASIN:1857239989 Ender's Shadow (Shadow Saga)]], which takes place in the same universe, the same time period, and mostly in the same places as \\"Ender's Game.\\"  The difference is that Ender, while still a major character, is not the viewpoint character.  You may well end up reading both a second or third time; they both rank in the same league with Edgar Pangborn's [[ASIN:0440182778 Still I Persist in Wondering]], Robert A. Heinlein's [[ASIN:0340837950 Stranger in a Strange Land]] and [[ASIN:0312863551 The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress]], [[ASIN:B000CNHGVG Isaac Asimov's Foundation Series]], and Alexei Panshin's [[ASIN:0978907825 Rite of Passage]]; just a tad behind Pangborn's [[ASIN:B000L974LS Davy]].    watziznaym@gmail.com
6305949980|5.0|For all of you who were somewhat disappointed with the lackluster original DVD release of this movie, your prayers have been answered! Tim Burton and Henry Selick's masterpiece is presented with superb image quality and sound and with TONS of extra features, including a lengthy behind the scenes feature, story boards, character sketches, test animations, deleted scenes and what not. Also included are the wonderful animated short &quot;Vincent&quot; and the somewhat bizzare Frankenweenie. Bottom line: this is a DVD done right and a must buy for fans of this movie.
0930289234|5.0|This is the greatest comic ever written. The symbolism, and meaning is extremely deep, and the characterization is incredibly sharp.  This book tells a brilliant self contained story, not soiled by sequels, and the like. Read this, you won't regret it.
B00004XONN|5.0|A deeply ironic, heartfelt piece, Radiohead's &quot;Kid A&quot; is a story of one who is alternately amused at and disgusted by the society around him.  Told by a mix of synthesizers, horns, electronic effects, and even a guitar or two, the album is a cohesive whole and should be listened to with this in mind.<br />Your mileage may vary depending on how much you like the styles of instrumentation presented here, but I found the different chapters of the story - or tracks, if you prefer - to be fascinating.  From the fatigued sarcasm of &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot; to the blatant disillusionment of &quot;The National Anthem&quot;, to the beautiful solace-in-nature interlude of &quot;Treefingers&quot;, and finally to the bittersweet escape of &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;, I was genuinely moved.<br />I recommend it.  Just be sure you're paying attention.
B00003CXFG|4.0|The movie is so-so. To give you an idea, wait 6 months and it will be all over Cinemax. Not HBO or Showtime, just Max.<br />But the aliens are the coolest thing I've seen in a long time.<br />Watch the movie just for the aliens.<br />And, oh yeah, the movie lacks anyone even remotely resembling an attractive women. Hence, no five stars.
6305064490|5.0|I started my yearly ritual of wathcing this movie back in my teen years.  While technically not a Christmas movie is has become adopted as one.  The real point is that life is worth living and that everyone truly matters.  George Biley had to find out the hard way - what becomes of life when only one person is not there to affect outcomes.<br />This movie is wonderfully acted and the overall message is a beautiful one.  I still make it part of my Christmas tradition.  <br />Interesting note:  the kid that is talking to Mary in the gym dance - she's distracted from his story when she sees George:   that kid played Alfalfa in the Little Rascals!
0399146253|2.0|This book is better than the last one, but a far cry from her earlier works.  The first 25% is devoted to Scarpetta's angst and mental condition....BORING!  I'm getting tired of all these heroic, strong women and weak, ineffectual men that she feels compelled to stock her book with.<br />Her niece, Lucy, can do no wrong no matter how far off the chart she goes.  Now, she's a multimillionaire sponsoring an elite private organization.  She seems fixated on brilliant, criminal masterminds that also team up as a loving couple in their off hours.<br />Cornwell is at her best when she focuses on forensic procedure to capture the bad guy, not dealing with these absurd international plots.  It's like she's taken Quincy and turned him into James Bond in order to save the world from SPECTRE.<br />If you want to read a REALISTIC mystery with strong a woman as a protanganist, then pick up any of Sue Grafton's books.  Scarpetta used to be a good series, but it's time for Cornwell to retire her unless she can ground her once again in the real world.
B00000AF98|5.0|Crazy Nights, together with Hot in the Shade and Asylum, constitutes the mighty '80s KISS triad. I don't understand those who attack this period of the band, these three albums flow with excellent AOR titles. Kiss shouldn't be an AOR band? They created AOR! Anyway, plenty of FM rock bliss here, from My Way to Reason to Live and Crazy Nights. Great '80s stuff, and an incredible guitar sound by Kulick, reminds me of VH1 in terms of presence in the mid-highs...
0451191153|3.0|I suspect it took a certain amount of guts to write a book like this in the 1940s, with Hitler recently disposed of and the literary trend for kitchen sinks and bedpans just getting underway - a trend which is still very much with us, as the popularity of cute little writers like Kingsley Amis clearly demonstrates. The Fountainhead deals with large, roughly drawn, simpler-than-life characters - a visionary architect, his compromising colleague, a press baron, a woman who at one time or another marries all three of them, and a slimy newspaper pundit - all of them engaged in a battle which (Rand makes it very very obvious indeed) is nothing less than the war for Truth against Lies, for Freedom against Oppression, for the very Soul of Man against those Forces which would drag it down into the mire. Until the very end, when the architect starts spouting, for ten straight pages, the very same morals which have been pounded into us with exemplary force over the preceding seven hundred, it works remarkably well, thanks to Rand's vivid and mercifully unpretentious prose and her evident conviction. People have complained that the hero is inhuman, but that's precisely the point - heroes aren't supposed to have the petty failings of the rest of us, and until the nineteenth century they generally didn't. Howard Roark is an optimistic, present-day, &quot;realist&quot; revision of the old dragon-slaying Beowulf/Siegfried type; the casting of Gary Cooper in the equally interesting and equally bombastic film version was an inspiration. Where the book fails is in Rand's inability to find a plausible way for Roark to win through against the odds she has so convincingly shown to be stacked against him. She uses a deus ex machina in the form of a newspaper tycoon - imagine Rupert Murdoch throwing his weight behind Frank Lloyd Wright or Antonio Gaudi - and, later, that good old standby the Great American Jury. Laissez-faire capitalism, and the democracy Rand has so beautifully satirisedand demolished in the person of columnist Ellsworth Toohey, join hands and become twin fairy godmothers magicking the hero to his wedding and a great career. It's a disappointingly cowardly ending to a largely well-written and uncompromisingly epic work that is also, and not least importantly, one hell of a page-turner.
B000003RCY|5.0|Rammstein, now a well-known band thanks to the Columbine incident, have always made good music. Their Sehnsucht cd, with the hit Du Hast, got them fans in the USA. But this cd will always be my favorite of theirs. WIDBIFS is a great intro to the rest of the cd, showcasing Till's powerful voice and the very catchy guitar riffs that go along with it. There are heavy songs,slow songs(Seeman)just plain WEIRD songs,(Das Alte Leid)and good dance songs(Der Meister). Even if you don't understand German, you will undoubtedly love this record.
B00000JGHS|3.0|The plot gets rather confusing towards the end, but there really is stuff to enjoy in this film - humor in unexpected places (when the Snake Charmer almost get strangled by her python,or  &quot;Is Free Willy back in? No, not yet.&quot;) and it's TOO cool that Demi strips to only Annie Lennox songs. I rather enjoyed the film. The crazy congressman and husband are pretty amusing, although I bet the book is a lot better.
B00003CWL6|3.0|I have tried with two different discs to get this DVD to play in my Toshiba DVD player.  I have never had any problems with any other discs,  including discs that were skipping in other players.  This disc will not load and the player says &quot;Check Disc.&quot;   My player is not DTS equiped. All of the copies I have seen have the DTS sound.<br />Has anyone else had this problem?  Does anyone have a solution?
B00004T8RK|2.0|It usually takes a while for me to appreciate each PJ album but this one never came around.  The only song I really like on the CD was &quot;Rival.&quot;  It was kind of depressing because I kept listening to the CD waiting to discover something brilliant like I have in the past and it never happened (except for Rival).
B000001ELR|5.0|This rocks. &quot;I Love It Loud&quot;, &quot;Danger&quot;, &quot;Keep Me Comin'&quot;, and &quot;War Machine&quot; are great songs. KISS got back to their hard rock roots with this masterpiece. &quot;Creatures Of The Night&quot; is a great title track and is known for it's heaviness. &quot;Rock N Roll Hell&quot; is also a stand-out. &quot;Danger&quot; is very fast and makes you excited. &quot;I Love It Loud&quot; is powerful anthem showing how Gene likes his music and features a well-known chant. The album closes with &quot;War Machine&quot;. This song is one my all-time favs. Gene sounds really mean and cool here. Buy this, it's great.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Let me preface the following with this:  I am a long-suffering Wham! fanatic. After Wham!'s tragic breakup, I never dreamed I would feel that kind of ecstasy again. When I listen to Human Clay, I get that same sensation of hairspray and fast-moving booties on the dance floor. Honestly, I seriously do become intensely moved by Creed in much the same way as I was by George and Andrew. I love it. Highly, highly, highly recommended!!!
6304119046|5.0|I had to write again...<br />Glad to see so many recent reviewers speak of this film in human terms.  At least I know there are still some of us out there who can get past the camera angles (which are great, of course) and all the rest and just respond to a very sad (and very good) movie about the universal desire to be loved.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie is just plain fun.  The characters are great and David Bowie's songs are actually enjoyable.  After countless rentings, I finally purchased this product and I have yet to tire of it.  The puppets are some of the best to ever come out of Henson studios.  A truly great title.
0790731452|3.0|Yes, it's true.  I'm conflicted.  I can't decide.  Me, the guy with an opinion about everything.  Me, the guy who never met an issue he couldn't be self-righteously correct about.  The guy who derides political moderates as wishy-washy sheep holding their fingers up to the winds of public opinion.  The guy who... well, you get the picture.<br />I can't decide whether to like this movie or not.<br />Granted, parts of it are very, VERY funny.  I particularly like the sound of the aliens -- had I seen this in the theater instead of at home, I suspect the ride from the movie house would have been filled with the sounds of me and my friends trying to imitate the brash, nasal &quot;Wah, wah, wah&quot; of the Martian ambassador.  I laughed everytime I heard the aliens broadcast to fleeing humans, &quot;Don't run!  We are your friends,&quot; (all while blasting away at their &quot;friends&quot;) or &quot;We come in peace,&quot; just before new carnage begins.<br />This is a strange, twisted movie, like every other Tim Burton movie.  It is worth a look.  You may love it, as many of the other reviewers (and certain warped cousins of mine) did.  You may hate it and shut it off halfway through.<br />Or you may be like me, and not know what to think.  But like me, you'll be glad you saw it once.<br />Or not.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|As a longtime Beatlemaniac, I already have all these tracks in my collection (note to Beatle beginners: owning the Beatles' entire studio output is easy, simply pick up the 13 studio albums and the two &quot;Past Masters&quot; discs). But I'll be getting this one anyways. What would have been really interesting: new undiscovered/unreleased tracks, e.g. the outtakes from the &quot;Get Back&quot; sessions, or maybe a new live album (the Hollywood Bowl comes to mind). The Anthology series of discs provided tremendous insight into the group's creative processes, and I hope there will be more releases of that nature in the future. Until then, this compilation is a great Beatles intro for the uninitiated, and for old pros it's perfect for a Beatles fix when you're in your car (even if you load up a 12-disc changer with Beatles albums you still couldn't hear all of these songs). That's where my copy is headed.
6300208699|4.0|As a fan of British surrealistic comedies, I loved the film, but one has to remember that Southern is an American who worked with such greats as Kubrick (Dr. Strangelove). The novel is far funnier, but doesn't have the song &quot;Come and Get It&quot; as part of the package. I found Southern on a whim while book shopping and love his style. Read some of his other works like Candy and Flash and Filigree before watching this film.
B000002H97|2.0|This album signaled the beginning of the end for Metallica.  No other band in history &quot;sold out&quot; worse than they did, and this was the start.   Boring songs, boring riffs, boring album. This band died with Cliff Burton.
0201508036|3.0|This used to be the best textbook and reference source around, but even with the new edition it is dated, with poor coverage of things like video, wavelets and compression, and a terrible treatment of morphology. There's better books out there now, such as Tekalp's book on Video Processing and the Handbook of Image and Video Processing by Bovik etc. Still, pretty good treatment of the basic stuff.
0670880728|5.0|Having read the Adrian Mole Diaries, I found this book to be entertaining and very true to life. Life imitates Art and vice versa! Bridget's neuroticisms are the same which draw us to Ally McBeal because they are so easy to relate to. I think everyone has experienced a situation where they have found themselves bouncing off the walls no matter how educated, well-rounded and confident they normally are. Let's face it, there are those people in life that just know how to push your buttons to insanity be they well-meaning parents, friends, or the stranger that walks through the door and makes you giggle for no aparant reason.  Reading Bridget's misadventures is comforting and one wonders what my diary would look like if I kept one for a year. Hats off to BJ!
B00003CXFG|5.0|Pitch Black I one of the most creative sci-fi/Horror movies since Alien. If David N. Twohy could make a better movie I'd be amazed. Twohy also made the move &quot;The Arrival&quot; Which probably spurred ideas for M.I.B. But back to Pitch Black. the premise is: These people who crash-landed on the ghost planet. Only 11 survivers. They drink alchol as a source of water. Until one of there surviver (who was diging) gets pulled into this hole that he finds, they thought they were fine. The main-character Riddick (who is an escape convict) has these glossed eyes that ables him to see in the dark. When another character named Carolyn Fry goes down the hole to envestigate the death of the surviver. She sees swift phterodactyl like creatures which try to attack her. When she gets out they have already found a Skiff (a small space ship). The porblem was they had to get 4 power cells to it and a solar eclipse is about to occur. Thats how I'm going to leave you off. I will entertain you with it's intense special F/X, and radiant CGI (computer graphic imaging) beside all its brutal violence and smart catch phrases. But over all being a writer like myself I think I has a really good plot with a subtantial ammount of detail for a movie atleast. If you want to read the book I recommend either BOTH ARE GREAT!
0553573403|5.0|A book I couldn't put down. A wonderfull story, with characters that come more to life than in any other book I've read in a looong while. Comparable to Tom Clancy in size and details, but so much more rewarding to read. I love it!
0786880708|5.0|These techniques proved of much more value to me after reading Conversations with God and An Encounter With A Prophet. Having removed all of my unconscious fears of the spiritual world I could go into a much deeper, peaceful and meaningul meditative state.
0684853523|4.0|King's outstanding book &quot;On Writing&quot; consists of two basic parts: a sort of autobiography, and a &quot;how-to&quot; manual for aspiring fiction writers.  <br />The autobiography was a lot of fun for me because I have always enjoyed King's work and have naturally been very intrigued by everything about him, from the unbelievable stories that he comes up with to the slightly crazed look in his eyes.  It was a pleasure learning about his childhood and adolescence, and the foundations that gave rise to his classic style of storytelling.  I also found his thirty-year love affair with his wife and his struggle as a recovering alcoholic and drug user truly inspirational.  Finally, I was fascinated by the story of the recent accident he was involved in and his recovery after a repeat-offender reckless driver ran over him on the shoulder of a Maine highway as the driver &quot;was headin' into town to get some of them Marze's bars.&quot;<br />The &quot;how-to&quot; section of the book was very interesting and a great review of all the grammatical rules I should have learned in high school, and the techniques of style I should have remembered from Freshman Composition.  The only thing I feel should be pointed out to prospective readers is that the &quot;how-to&quot; section of &quot;On Writing&quot; applies almost exclusively to aspiring novelists or writers of short fiction.  Although almost anyone who writes anything could stand to learn something from it, &quot;On Writing&quot; was not really written for journalists or graduate students writing research papers.<br />On the whole, &quot;On Writing&quot; was a lot of fun and a pleasure to read.  As a matter of fact, as I write this review, I can't help shaking my head, pondering how much work my writing could use!
0790720434|5.0|I have owned this film for I believe 7 years and it is still in my collection after all the years of selling my movies. There is something to say, &quot;this is a classic!&quot; I never wanted to let go of it. I was too weak for it. Kate Maberly is one of the most beautiful ladies in the world, including her acting, being exquisite and intelligent. This film is not a Children's Film as many people claim. This is a very adult film and the more I open my mind, the more I see that an adult (I am a college student) can be watching this and feel they are learning more from a little lady, than from millions of psychologists and books out in the world.
0385495323|5.0|The book is absolutely brilliantly written.  It has lots of real-life stories starting with a story of the Mary Queen of Scots who was beheaded for using too a weak cipher.  Between those stories author explains actual ciphers starting from Julius Caesar's  and methods to crack them in the terms understandable by a pedestrian.  I tried to explain the simplest ones to my 7-year old and he's got them.  Meantime, the appendix J contains concise and clear enough description of the strongest existing RSA algorithm, clear enough to reproduce it. Highly recommend for those interested in history, history of science, math, spy stories, history of computers - this book combines it all.
068484267X|5.0|I almost never seem to read bestsellers while they are bestsellers.  Maybe it's all the hype that puts me off.  Nothing can be that good, I think.  But, Angela's Ashes is.  This is a book that truly lives up to all the media hype (and the Pulitzer Prize) lavished upon it and, surprisingly, deserves even more.<br />Angela's Ashes tells the story of one of the world's most dysfunctional families through the eyes of a child.  This is a family crippled by alcoholism, poverty, misery, illness and just about every other sort of deprivation one could possibly imagine.  Yet, its characters remain heroic, resilient and even humorous.  In the second paragraph, the author recalls, &quot;When I look back on my childhood I wonder how I survived at all.  It was, of course, a miserable childhood; the happy childhood is hardly worth your while.&quot;  An unnerving but wonderful beginning; I have no doubt that these very lines will be remembered verbatim for many, many years to come.<br />The author, Frank McCourt, is the oldest son in this collapsed, poverty-stricken family.  His childhood, the one from which he managed to extract so very much, is a childhood where nightmares disguise themselves as reality and walk about in broad daylight.<br />Angela's Ashes begins a month after Black Tuesday, the beginning of the Great Depression, in Brooklyn, New York.  Angela Sheehan, newly-arrived from Ireland is taken with Malachy McCourt at a neighborhood party.  Malachy is a man possessed of a &quot;hangdog&quot; look, having just spent the three previous months in jail, but Angela, unfortunately, is attracted to this &quot;hangdog&quot; look and she and Malachy experience what the author calls a &quot;knee-trembler.&quot;  Predictably, a child is conceived; a hasty marriage follows, then alcohol, drunkenness, debt, destitution and, also predictably, more children.<br />In fact, after just four years of marriage, the McCourt's have five children.  Five children who are victims of infection,disease, malnutrition, parental neglect and abuse.  Angela's relatives do the only thing they can to help; they send money for the McCourt family to return to Ireland.<br />The year 1934 finds the McCourt's back in Limerick, Ireland and the memoir then covers the years up until 1948.  Malachy McCourt does find work in Ireland, in fact, he finds many jobs as he never seems to be able to hold onto any one of them for more than three weeks at a stretch.  His alcoholism, even by tolerant Irish standards at the time, is &quot;beyond the beyonds,&quot; and he creates havoc for his family, leaving death and destruction in his wake.<br />At the age of ten, the author is hospitalized with typhoid fever for more than three months.  Something wonderful does happen during this hospitalization, however.  The young Frank McCourt meets the fourteen year old Patricia Madigan, a girl who is dying of diphtheria.  It is Patricia who introduces Frank to both poetry and Shakespeare, subjects that will become lifelong loves.  Frank tells Patricia that Shakespeare's words are like having jewels in your mouth.  Some of those jewels must have been lavished on Angela's Ashes because this book, and especially this section of the book, contains some of the most elegant and eloquent, passages ever written, passages that encompass a cadence and prose of which Shakespeare would have been proud.  In fact, the book^s most touching scenes all occur outside the family setting:  in the hospital, at school, during moments of tender young love.<br />There can be do doubt that Malachy McCourt suffered from a surfeit of both Irish pride and Irish whiskey, a deadly combination when taken to extremes and take them to extremes he did.  Malachy intimidated both his wife and his children with demands for &quot;dignity and respect.&quot;  He was a man who drank his paycheck before he ever got home, who then indulged in melancholy Irish ballads and stumbled into his children's bedroom to force them to swear they would &quot;die for Ireland.&quot;  He isn't really hateable, though, as he seems to be a man who could simply never make the connection between his horrible behavior and the misery he inflicted upon his family.  We want nothing more than to sit him down in a chair, sober, and make him repeat the Gaelic proverb:  Is milis da ol e ach is searbl da ioc e (It is sweet to drink but bitter to pay for) until he finally learns to live by its dictates.<br />Of course, Malachy McCourt never learned to live by this proverb nor any other; his severe alcoholism was made even worse by his inability to see the world in anything but black and white.  His lifelong hatred for the English, whom he viewed as his eternal foe, reaches back some 800 years; he never tires of delivering final judgments or pontifications; his follies are grandiose but his deeds are spare and wanting.  Only when sober and with his children (not surprisingly, these times are few) is he able to transcend the demons in his own soul and become a genuine Irish storyteller and spinner of tall and fabulous tales that would cause even Scheherazade embarrassment.<br />The author likens his father to the Holy Trinity; Malachy is definitely not divine, but he does have three separate and distinct identities:  the man who quietly reads the newspaper in the morning; the man who tell fabulous stories and legends at night; and the man who carries about him the indelible smell of whiskey.  Sigmund Freud must have had Malachy McCourt in mind when he said that the Irish were the only people who could not be helped with psychoanalysis.<br />While Angela's Ashes is a first-rate memoir (one of the best ever written, as far as I'm concerned), it is also an astonishingly detailed portrayal of the Irish poor in the 1930s and 1940s.  McCourt beautifully and deftly ties the happenings of his own family into the happenings of his neighborhood and the happenings of the entire Irish race.  The language employed in Angela's Ashes is evocative and brings forth strong and lasting images.  The tone, however, remains conversational and easy-to-read.  This is a forthright book that tells an unvarnished tale that is captivating, harrowing and humorous.  While Angela's Ashes is a memoir, it reads more like an extremely well-crafted novel of the highest order, bringing forth genuine laughter and tears.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
0688170528|5.0|I just finished reading this last night.  It is quite possibly one of the best books I have ever had the privilege of reading.  Often it was so disturbing that I had to put it down for a bit.  That is not a bad thing.  Any author that can bring you to the point of emotional devastation with the stroke of a pen is truly gifted.  I feel for these characters in a way I have never felt before.  <br />What a wonderful, horrific, painful, real story.
B00004ZB9D|1.0|Lenny must need some quick Christmas cash to have a greatest hits album out this time of year.He's only had 6 mediocre songs played on the radio,and the only one I ever enjoyed was &quot;Are you going to go my way.&quot;  He copies every Artist,from the Beatles to Hendricks on all his records.His two biggest hits,&quot;Fly away,&quot; and &quot;Its ain't over till its over,&quot; are the same cords and words repeated over and over again.I have no idea how this artist gets airplay.
B00004W55E|5.0|Aaight y'all.  This CD is outstanding, and it was definitely worth the wait.  You can't underestimate her talent (and her range is ridiculous too).  I'm definitely feelin' tracks 4 through 8.  It's worth the money.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Toy Story 2 picks up right where the original left off.  The animation is fantastic, the story is great and the character interactions are terrific.  The movie also has great references to such films as Star Wars, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Jurassic Park, and, of course, the original Toy Story movie.<br />In one memorable scene, Buzz Lightyear meets another who is still new and in the box.  The new Buzz, of course, still thinks he's a Space Ranger and hasn't learned yet that he's only a child's toy.  It was fun to watch (our) Buzz wondering how he could have ever been as stupid as the new Buzz.<br />There are two additional bonuses that come with this tape.  First, you get Pixar's first short film, Luxo Jr.  This adorable short film will appeal to anyone with a heart (and especially parents of small kids).  Secondly, Pixar included &quot;outtakes&quot; in the closing credits, as they did with A Bug's Life.  (Spoiler ahead!!) Watch for a hilarious Bug's Life/Toy Story crossover outtake in the closing credits.<br />One additional benefit for the parents of small children:  This movie, unlike the first one, had no characters that might give little children nightmares (such as the disturbed little boy or the monster creature-toys he created).<br />In short, a film that will be loved by grown-ups and children alike.
B00004WEJZ|1.0|First and foremost, I was really excited about the DVD release of Sean Connery's swan song to the role of James Bond 007 in NEVER SAY NEVER AGAIN. Let me just say here and now that buyers should be aware of a major disappointment with this DVD. MGM Home Entertainment, which manufactures and distributes this title, should be ashamed. Tonight while I was watching it, I noticed a crucial scene missing. Chapter 19 of the DVD starts out fine with Bond arriving at the palace in Nice, France, where he confronts a greeter, pushes him into a room and proceeds to place a motion-activated bomb in his hand. Suddenly the scene jumps to Chapter 20 where we see Bond, Domino and Largo walking into the chamber where Bond and Largo will play a game of &quot;World Domination.&quot; What happened to the formal introductions between the three characters? Oops! It's missing and leaves a large gap of unbelievability. Did MGM edit the film or was there a glitch during mastering? Either way, Bond fans and consumers deserve better. For that reason alone I can only give this DVD one star. A few previous reviewers here have noticed the same problem, so I suspect this is not an isolated case. MGM Customer Service can be reached at 1-877-MGM-4YOU.
B0000524E5|5.0|This &quot;Coyote&quot; ain't &quot;Ugly&quot;! Actually the thing that you may mainly be fooled by is the trailer-&quot;Is this a plotless, PG-13 version of &quot;Showgirls&quot;?&quot; Actually it's not. The people that actually decided to see it(which was no small amount-$60 million worth) found that it was about a young female songwriter,played exceptionally well by rising star Piper Perabo, who moves into the big city trying to sell her music and finds herself working and the craziest bar since the Ti--y Twister in &quot;From Dusk Till Dawn&quot;. Of course the men will be more than entertained by the hot, dancing barmaids which make some great &quot;action&quot; scenes for the film, but what for the women? The women actually get more out of it than the men. A great plot-the storyline mentioned earlier plus getting rid of stage fright, setting things straight with her father, finding how far a true love would go. Great overall movie, good characters, good acting, good setting. Truely a good movie for everyone. Just go see it! Deserves at least a rental but my DVD collection wouldn't be perfect without it! &quot;Coyote Ugly&quot;!!
B000002BE9|5.0|tidal has to be one of the best albums to come out in years.fiona apple just amazes with her beautiful voice and piano skills.in her debut album,she has a mature voice that makes you think she's a veteran and not a young 19-year old.this is an essential cd to add to your collection.recommended!
0792842723|5.0|In his first outing as James Bond,Pierce Brosnan does a great job.(he actually looked like he'd been playing Bond for years)As for the movie itself,it is very good.Even though the cold war is over,Bond still finds himself up against the Russians,who have a satellite called Goldeneye that can destroy anything with an electronic circuit.The main villain is former MI6 agent Alec Trevelyn,whom Bond thought had been killed.(in the excellent pre-title sequence)There's a beautiful Bond girl named Natalya Simonova,(she acts a little more independent than past Bond girls)and bad(but beautiful)Bond girl Xenia Onatopp.The title song,sung by Tina Turner was pretty good,and the musical score by Eric Serra was good.There's plenty of action and stunts,(I loved the beginning when Bond bungee jumps off an enormous dam)and lots of gadgets.Overall,it's a great Bond film,and Brosnan does great.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I think this cd is a must have for any metal music fan. THis cd is beter than thier first two 3dolla bill yall and S.O. Limp Bizkit set the standard for the rest of the Rap/metal bands like Korn.
B00004XONN|3.0|If you see a lot of Radiohead fans waiting already for the band's next effort, it has to be because Kid A sounds more like a collection of B sides and less like the follow up of their masterpiece OK Computer. This CD is practically meant to be heard from beginning to end, leaving only a couple of tracks with the possibility of success on the radio. This is quite wonderful work, but not at all user-friendly. The band may have to analyze if they're quitting commercial rock for good if they keep in this direction.
0393317552|5.0|In a world of myopic specialisation, here's a monument to informed generalism - and a book that makes both geography and liberalism respectable again. For Diamond argues cogently that chance geographical factors have strongly influenced the distribution of wealth and poverty in the world today. He believes, essentially, that the people of the Fertile Crescent, China and Western Europe were given the best opportunities to domesticate plants and animals - grains with harvestable seeds, animals which could be herded, and so on. They also had the best chance to build up resistance to diseases.<br />The simplicity of the book's key ideas has no doubt aided its popularity. And Diamond downplays questions such as the Chinese Mystery - why did European prevail over that of China, which possesed a clear technological lead up to 1300 or so. Here Diamond simply offers up in brief explanation the new and credible orthodoxies popularised by Joel Mokyr's &quot;The Lever of Riches&quot; (a book of similarly detailed narrative style) and David Landes's &quot;The Wealth and Poverty of Nations&quot;.<br />Diamond's story is the story not of Britain's advantage over Shanghai, but of Eurasia's advantage over Africa, Australia and America. And in truth this is story enough for one book.<br />Some on the political and cultural right seem annoyed that Diamond is undercutting conservative stances on race and culture. There's more than a little irony here: 20 years ago Diamond's thesis would have been considered deplorably right-wing, neglecting the malign influence of European colonialism and neo-colonialism as documented by Marx and his successors. Now that the Berlin Wall's demolition has transformed Marxsts and post-modernists into fringe players, we're finally able to start an intelligent, nuanced discussion of global history.
0688156819|5.0|I was offered this book by a friend who surely knew I like Tim Burton's films. What a beautiful gift: these funny yet macabre little poems are just perfect!
B00000DGUG|5.0|I bought this album because I have Jagged Little pill and I love it. At first I didn't like it, the first couple songs were so noisy. So I left it for sometime. Then I picked it up and listened for a while and I fall in love with it. I love Can't Not most, and I WAS HOPING, WOULD NOT COME, UNSENT, SO PURE and JOIN YOU are all very good. Only the last two songs seemed a little bit weaker. The music are pretty good, and the lyrics are like poems. This days it is pretty difficult to find an album that most songs are good. You could only expect you would like one or two songs. But this album is exceptional, terrific. Alanis Morissette is the One! I can't wait for the next album.
0140195076|4.0|I bought this book in India having pored over several good, but hard to read Indian books on Jyotish ( Vedic Astrology). Defouw and Svoboda have put much effort into making this book read well for the serious enquirer into this ancient art.<br />It certainly helped me gain a greater understanding of the subject while sitting on a South Indian beach, and even after my return home I find it useful and informative.<br />Highly recommended if you want to learn the subject properly.
B000006TRV|5.0|Pink Floyd's masterpiece - the Wall is one of the greatest albums I keep coming back to. I was introduced to the Wall, when I was 15 years old. The album has left a strong impression on me. The Wall carried me through my teenage times. It has an awesome power, which overshadowed creations of other artists for me. The Wall has a special connotation for me - a person coming from the ex-Soviet country. The music, background noise, and lyrics may seem somewhat scattered around, but this is where its power. The Wall is reflective image of the emotions and feelings of a person, who faces cruel realities of life.  The Wall will ever stay in the top notch of the Pink Floyd's creations for its dedicated fans.
0425129586|3.0|The killer is Lawrence Wargrave ok so if you have to read this in school and you have a question like who do you predict it is Lawrence Wargrave.
B000022TSY|5.0|I saw this movie the first time while home on leave from Vietnam. I had a 90 day pass. I had finished my first tour in Nam and was headed back after leave. I identified with the rebellious nature of Fonda and Hopper. In Nam we tried to stay individuals as much as we could, or were allowed too. The movie is great!! If you were alive, and a teenager then, you will know what I mean. When I returned, it took me 4 months to get the soundtrack on an 8 track tape. We played it so many times, we wore it out in 6 weeks.
0375703764|5.0|Enjoyable!  Typically I'm reading multiple books at the same time.  This book is multiple books (stories).  It gave me my share of the creeps.  Near the end of the book our heat came on late at night and slammed the bedroom door shut.  I must have been wound up tight because I nearly had a heart attack.   Looking back to when I found the book, I almost put it back on the shelf.  It remined me of books with similar formats I had not enjoyed.  Not true.  Cover to cover it is entertaining.  Guess I'll keep this short, I left my tape measure down stairs.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|As I was sitting in the theatre, watching Dancer in the Dark, I knew I couldn't help myself from buying Selmasongs, I knew it wouldn't be right to even try to.  The music in Von Trier's movie is beautiful, and determined to deliver: it throws itself at you, and you can't help loving it (especially if you know and support Bj&ouml;rk's previous albums).  So, as I said, I was compelled to buy it.<br />I didn't get too far into the listening before I realized that the CD I had brought home from the record store was in many ways different from the \\"real\\" score of Dancer in the Dark.  I was puzzled for about one second, when it finally stroke me that the omissions and variations to the soundtrack could be rationally motivated:<br />(1)first of all, it was obviously in the record company's own interest that the album  be self-standing, likely to please not only those who would go see the movie, but a more general public (mostly made up of Bj&ouml;rk fans, I suppose);<br />(2)secondly, if no one was to know what the movie was going to be about before its release (as Von Trier demanded), Selmasongs - available in stores no less than a month before the movie was out - had to be vague enough to not give the movie's ending away.<br />I was tickled by my discovery, and I appreciated the sense of humour behind the marketing process of Von Trier's film.  Selmasongs, as I see it, (quite ironically) was an \\"appetizer,\\" a simplified version of the real thing - beautiful no less, but undeniably incomplete.<br />This point needs to be clear: from a strictly musical (i.e. \\"instrumental\\") point of view, Selmasongs is completely untainted...  What differs is: the lyrics to some of the songs, their length, and - very important - the number of performing \\"voices.\\"  I don't want to be misunderstood: the music on the record is so powerful anyone will find it hard to resist its charm, and - for those of us who did see the film - it serves its purpose just fine: it brings Dancer in the Dark back to life.  Selmasongs is a great album and it will make any competent listener happy.  That's why I have no doubt about it fully deserving five stars.<br />However, I feel that more could and should be drawn from the movie, especially now that there's nothing left to \\"hide.\\"  In other words, I think Bj&ouml;rk's score, as we hear it in the theatre, should also be made available on CD.  No doubt it would be harder to listen to, particularly for those who choose not to see the movie, but it would gain in expressiveness, complexity, and, consequently, profoundness.  The chorus singing in \\"I Have Seen It All,\\" the duets in \\"Scatterheart\\" and \\"In the Musicals,\\" as well as the \\"Next to Last Song\\" as a whole, need to get the attention they deserve.  I feel only the real and yet unpublished soundtrack of Dancer in the Dark could truly put Bj&ouml;rk in the limelight of contemporary \\"story-telling through music.\\"<br />(A question for those Americans who got a chance to see Dancer in the Dark: what do you think about it and particularly its ending?  I would really like to find out whether Americans support the you know what or not...)e.  Selmasongs is a great album and it will make any competent listener happy.  That's why I have no doubt about it fully deserving five stars.<br />However, I feel that more could and should be drawn from the movie, especially now that there's nothing left to \\"hide.\\"  In other words, I think Bjrk's score, as we hear it in the theatre, should also be made available on CD.  No doubt it would be harder to listen to, particularly for those who choose not to see the movie, but it would gain in expressiveness, complexity, and, consequently, profoundness.  The chorus singing in \\"I Have Seen It All,\\" the duets in \\"Scatterheart\\" and \\"In the Musicals,\\" as well as the \\"Next to Last Song\\" as a whole, need to get the attention they deserve.  I feel only the real and yet unpublished soundtrack of Dancer in the Dark could truly put Bjrk in the limelight of contemporary \\"story-telling through music.\\"<br />(A question for those Americans who got a chance to see Dancer in the Dark: what do you think about it and particularly its ending?  I would really like to find out whether Americans support the you know what or not...)
B000000H7I|5.0|I bought this release about 2 years ago. When I heard it the first time, I couldn't swallow it. I started listening to death metal at that time, Deicide, Cannibal Corpse , Morbid Angel etc. Then I came back to this release and realized what an accomplishment it is. The riffs are insanely technical, their are multiple time changes withing songs, and then there is the compexity. This band does something few bands can, write complex songs filled with hundreds of riffs, while keeping the songs intresting. The production is excellent, the drumming is insane and the vocals are very brutal. NOTHING can or will match the brutality of this release. It is a classic, and I dare be so bold as to call this the &quot;Reing In Blood&quot; of the 90's. Go buy...
B00004Y7SF|4.0|Christina shows off her undeniably awesome vocals on her Christmas Album. The album is defintiely a contemporary one, so if you're looking for traditional, skip over this one. Other than that, the new songs, varying arrangements, and powerful vocals leaves you Christina fans completely satisfied. Christina incorporates some of her RnB flavors into many of her songs, and her rendition of &quot;Merry Christmas, Baby&quot; with Dr. John proves she's got soul as well. Of course, even as a hard-core Christina fan, I sometimes find her vocal soarings sometimes out of place and a little too much. I would love to hear a song where she's not belting every note.
B0000027EP|5.0|If you are already a Motorhead fan but don't own this, buy it immediately.  If you are just looking to check Motorhead out, this is a great place to start.  While many prefer the pre-1982 Fast Eddie years to the later Motorhead, 1991's &quot;1916&quot; has the dynamics, great songs and (typical for all Motorhead) steamrolling rock'n'roll juggernaut power that makes it one of, if not the best, Motorhead records.  A true classic.
B00000HZH7|5.0|This is it, no doubt about it, the greatest Death Metal Album of all time.  It makes Death in comparison actually sound harmless.  I still remember buying this Album in September 1985, I had read about it in a magazine, but nothing could have prepared me for this truly awesome sounding inferno.  This is beyond the shadow of a doubt the heaviest, hardest and partially fastest CD ever released for the unsuspecting Victims (that`s you the listener).  In a word: this album is simply brutal, thats the only word to describe it.   After the initial intro which is a melodic melody, all hell seems to break loose in the massive onslaught called the &quot;Exorcist&quot;.  The drummers only intent seems to be in butchering his drumset, while the guitar riffs sound as heavy as tidal waves that literally bury the listener at whiplash speed.  The base is heavy but usually buried beneath this massiv sound layer, although in the song &quot;Satans Curse&quot; the baseline is excellently audible.  The vocals are malovent death metal grunts at there very best.  The whole album consists basically only of highlights, my personal favorites are:  &quot;Burning in Hell&quot; (hypersonic mutulation), &quot;Evil Warriors&quot;, &quot;Satans Curse&quot; (simply barbaric), &quot;Death Metal&quot; (what a carnage). Remember you  have been warned, this album is like no other:  buy or die!
B000002OX7|5.0|This is the Who's best album by far. The closer, Won't Get Fooled Again has to be the greatest song ever recorded. It's heavy synthizers, the great playing of Townshend, Entwistle, and Moon, and Daultry's scream at 7:45 is the ultimate climax of rock and roll. Baba O'Riley is the next best song here. Awesome synthizer intro and great lyrics about wasted youth. Bargain and the Townshend sung Going Mobile are both great hard rock songs. Behind Blue Eyes, Getting In Tune, Love Ain't For Keeping, and The Song Is Over are amongst the best ballads the Who ever came up with. John Entiwistle also contributes by writing and singing My Wife. The bonus tracks all stack up well with the classics, especially Baby Don't You Do It. Nobody who likes good music shouldn't own this.
B00000K0DV|1.0|Quack...Quack...Quack I am Donald Duck! Dumb movie...don't even rent it!
B000002J09|2.0|I cannot believe people saying that Led Zeppelin, and in particular this album, are &quot;rock n roll&quot;. That's just not true-Led Zepplelin are really primarily a pop group.They don't have half the anger or ferocity of many other bands.&quot;Black Dog&quot; and &quot;Rock n Roll&quot; sound so bland and stale that's it's laughable. And don't even bother listening to garbage like &quot;The Battle Of Evermore&quot; &quot;Going To California&quot; or &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot;, they would send you to sleep if they weren't so annoying.
B00000IPAX|1.0|Another good example of a once good band that entered the tredy MTV TRL music scene.  Its quite sad to see this once good punk band turn pop.  Hopefully they will find their original music style.
0399146253|5.0|After experiencing mild disappointment with Black Notice, I was extremely pleased to see that The Last Precinct picked up with the last scene from the prior book -- truly a continuation of the story that I thought had ended prematurely and unsatisfactorily.  The Last Precint delivers on any number of levels and allows the exploration of Kay's personal feelings on a variety of subject matters.   Kay is approaching middle age and, like many baby boomers, is questioning whether the job she is presently doing is what she wants to continue to do for the next part of her life.  More than once I had to stop and examine my own feelings in this regard.   This book moves our character along and the theme of change is also reflected by Lucy's career move as well.  If only Patricia Cornwell could see her way clear to &quot;clean up&quot; Marino's personal habits in her next book!! I believe fans of this series will be pleased with this book and, as always, look forward to the next, possibly set in New York.
B00000G3PA|1.0|Not the worst movie i have ever seen but certainly close to it. The movie has some nice special effects but the story to me is just stupid. Every chance they get, they cut to some scene of children running around or people all together laughing and that helps us to realize the significance of the events taking place in the movie but they orver do it WAY too much! Every 10 seconds they cut to an unrelated scene with some kids playing with animals or something to that effect. I got sick of them trying to make this movie much more emotional then it should be. Otherwise the basic plot is good and some nice outerspace special effects.
0140067477|3.0|If you are already a Taoist, this book will serve as a cute reminder of &quot;the Way&quot;. If you are not familiar with Taoist principles, you may find this a bit too brief to really understand Taoism. I recommend &quot;365 Tao: Daily Meditations&quot; by Deng Ming-Dao, for daily reminders and teachings.
B00004Z4SD|4.0|Hard to believe this movie came from the same mind that gave us &quot;Eraserhead&quot; and &quot;Blue Velvet&quot;, but then again maybe not.  This is the story of an old man traveling 350 miles to see his estranged brother.  On a rider lawn mower.  That's it.  That's the plot and it will either emotionally move you, or bore you.  I highly recommend it to those who are looking for something more from a movie than car chases and explosions.  If you're the kind of movie viewer who will spend your time wondering why the old dude didn't just take a bus, then stay away.  Beautiful and subtle cinematagraphy and acting.  The only critcism I might have is a couple of the acting performances, but Richard Farnsworth is the main man here and he should have received more attention than he got for this roll.
B00004XOWM|5.0|It saddens me see that this album has received poor reviews, since it could not give you a strong impression just hearing it once(if you do not pay much attention)much people under estimate it, anyhow as you lessen carefully and more you realize it's an excellent album, altough not as good as their materpiece Significant Other the album has very intersting details like the fact that the band takes a different approach to his music, now sounding less and less hardcore(without totally losing it) and for instance you cannot see anymore a similance betwen Limp Bizkit and Korn but a more generalized style without losing the essential Hip-Hop factor and yet still they do not sotop being a heavy rock/hiphop-rap band. Anyway the album has some excellent tracks.<br />-In the Hip-Hop area trying to recapture N2gether now succes is getcha groove on with rapper xzibit.<br />-The more hardcore oriented Rollin'(air raid vehicle).<br />-A very unusual song for the band &quot;Hold On&quot;.<br />-A funny and openminded type of ppl song Hot Dog.<br />-A very reflexive tune Itll be ok and other ones that could be considered in the same type o tracks make Chocolate a very good and innovative album something you don't find together in an album too often.
0399146253|3.0|After the death of her serial killers - Patricia has left much to be desired in her story line.  Although I'm glad to see Kay is back in the books (I couldn't finish Hornets Nest or her next one) the excitement that existed in her earlier books is missing.  I hope that her next one begins another long running story that will keep all of her faithful readers on the edge of their seats (again).  Overall - I found this book hard to finish.
0671867369|5.0|I read this book last summer, and it was tremendous.  Ambrose is a good writer and a fair historian.  He does not paint the Germans as Satan incarnate, like some &quot;historians.&quot;<br />But the book suffers from several omissions, notably the accounts of original members of the Company, Eddie Bernat and Eddie Joint, both of Erie, Pa.  I recall that the book features Joe Lesniewski, also of Erie, although Lesniewski was not an original member of the company.<br />I work with two women who are relatives of Bernat and Joint, respectively, and they indicate that Bernat and Joint did not attend the reunion where Ambrose interviewed most of the vets.  It would be nice to see Ambrose get in touch with them for the sake of historical understanding.  Bernat, for example, made the jump into Holland with a boxing glove to hold his injured knee in place, and was close friends with Ed Winters, who is featured prominently in the book.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Eyes Wide Shut relates a story about a marriage and comments on the institution of marriage itself as currently simplistic, offering no more than a formulaic scenario of child, home, and sexy parents who have been brainwashed by messages that told them the marriage mill of convention was where they would experinece something akin to fulfillment. The film shows how this surface- world of marriage comforts, is a devolving experience, more like the very end of experience as both Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise wrestle with other urges, propositions, sexual temptaions that lead nowhere, expunging their identities almost, effacing them as they keep referring to the flesh as a solid referent point. It is as if marriage itself and the culture that upholds it were hopelessly deep only at the very surface, so that the last line of the film is what the whole thing is about, the &quot;f&quot; word,with the child present,while shopping for Christmas gifts etc...it's all a vulgarism, a cheap charade, and these two cannot escape..it's Plato's cave with these two and everybody else lurking forever in the shadows of ignorance and a kind of tragic trust. Truth? at the bottom of a bottomless well.<br />This has so many stirring images, and the mise en scene is spectacularly done as always by the great Kubrick. He is cinema/.<br />I do, however, recommend the European version uncensored, with all the sex in tact, plus lines in tact..why is the USA censoring this film? This country still cannot melt that Puritanical ice. Also, be sure you have the right DVD if you go European!<br />See this film..forget all other negative reviews and think for a while. This is not entertainment and thank God for that.
B00004XMVH|1.0|This film should be called Q-571.  QQQ as naval historians know is the code for &quot;suspicious ship.&quot;  U-571 certainly is a suspicious ship.  As history, it is trash.  As Hollywood, it is typical.<br />First, the acting is awful.  Bill Paxon's floating goodbye to McConaughey is sickly sweet.  Harvey Keitel's pep talk to the young McConaughey is also garbage.  Second, there was no sub-to-sub combat in WW2; no technology existed to make this possible.  In fact, several German subs were killed by their own torpedoes coming back on them.  Third, the film is xenophobic in that, after killing a German, an American wipes the blood off his coat as if he were wiping off dust.  This callous disregard for human life is intolerable.  Fourth, the callous disregard of history, in depicting the U-Boat captain ordering survivors in a lifeboat to be killed, is shameful.  There was only ONE such reported incident in WW2.  It is worth noting that one American captain similarly machine-gunned Japanese survivors.<br />If you enjoy brainless, moronic cheerleading, this is the film for you.  This film does not possess enough intellect to let you do anything but say &quot;Hooray America!&quot; and &quot;Boo Germany!&quot;  Pure trash.  Is this a recruiting film sponsored by the Navy?
0441172717|5.0|This Hugo and Nebula Award winner tells the exiting tale of a desert planet called Arrakis, also known as Dune, the story of an intricate power struggle in an interstellar empire.  Arrakis is the sole source of Melange, the valuable Spice. Melange is necessary for interstellar travel and grants psychic powers and long life, so whoever controls it has great influence. The troubles begin when the Emperor transfers ownership of Arrakis from the Harkonnen House to House Atreides. The Harkonnens do not want to give up their privilege, though, and through sabotage and treachery ,they attack the Atreides base, kill the Duke Leto Atreides and cast the new Duke Paul Atreides out into the planet's harsh environment to die. There he finds in the Fremen, a tribe of desert dwellers who become the army with which he will reclaim what is rightfully his.  Paul Atreides, though, is far more than just a duke. He is also the end product of a long-term genetic experiment designed to breed a super human; he might be the Kwisach Haderrach, the man that can see into the future. His struggle is at the center of powerful people and events, and the repercussions will be felt throughout the Imperium. &quot;Unique...I know nothing comparable to it except Lord of the Rings.&quot;--Arthur C. Clarke   That's a truth if I ever saw one! And I would go farther. This book surpasses the Lord of the Rings greatly. It is very exiting as well as it has a touch of satiric against politics and what the world(s) will look like if we do not change our ways. Also, I like the politics that is so active in this futuristic society.  One politic group, The Bene Gesserit, an order consisting of only female, have mastered their voice to the point where they can command anyone. The have used this skill to create a grand scheme of breeding to create the best mix of all the humans. <br />And I wonder if Frank Herbert ever had problems with computers, because in these books, computers are totally forbidden and feared.There is even a new bible, called the O.C Bible, which main motto is: \\"Thou shalt not make any machine in the likeness of a human mind\\" This means the Orange Catholic Bible. I have wondered a lot about this, is orange his favourite color or what? Was his pencil orange when he wrote this? Or is it just a color like any other? <br />It was really obvious that this man had some geological knowledge, because he actually invented a complex geologic system. And after looking a bit on the web, I found that he had taken some courses in geology just to make this book as correct as possible. He was a really good writer because I ended up hating the House Harkonnen and loving the honourable Atreides, and I think that this was his intention. To like this book you must have read other science-fictions book, because an inexperienced reader might not like this book, thus loosing a wonderful time. The fact that this book won the first Nebula-award and the Hugo award should make anyone want to read it.
0399146253|2.0|I couldn't put down the previous book, and this one is the exact opposite.  It obsesses over everything that happened in the previous book without moving the character forward.  Really, you could never read this book and not lose your place in the series.  It is just like missing a few days of your favorite soap opera -- no harm done.  Save yourself the money and wait for the next one, hopefully one with a new plot.
0553108034|5.0|A Clash of Kings continues the epic with as much intrigue and depth and it started with in A Game of Thrones.  The plots twist and turn in ways that you could not imagine.  Changing how think and feel about every character, a sinister-evil person into someone you could almost trust to be on your side.  Magic begins to show its role in a world that was thought to have lost it.  Creatures thought to no longer, if ever, exist begin to come to life and claim their place in this land that does not have enough room for the kings trying to rule it.<br />This is a book, or epic, that you could read a hundred times and find new things you never found before or see old things in a new way that completely changes the way you see the story.<br />I highly recommend this book for anyone that enjoys epic fantasies.  Also I am willing to recommend any existing and future books written by George R. R. Martin.
B00004XONN|5.0|KID A is full of colorful sounds that are captivating. It seems almost like it could be an experiment in sound or even mind. The CD is audacious and brave. This is what RADIOHEAD is really all about, they are finally out of the coloset and doing what they do best despite what people might feel about it. KID A is a far departure from the OK Computer CD, but not far from RADIOHEAD's style, just more of it. Human beings do have to listen to this CD more than once to fully get it, as the music sounds at times from outerspace and ahead of earthly times. &quot;KID A&quot; is RADIOHEAD at their best ever.
B00003CWTH|2.0|This a movie you either love or hate. We almost stopped the movie, but then decided to give it a chance.  The best actor was the girl who was molested by her father.  She is a wonderful actress and did a supurb job with her part. I have such mixed feelings about this film.  It was bizarre as well as compelling... and I made it through the entire film.  The foul language might be offensive to some. I don't think I would see the film again...once is enough.  It made me very nervous and uncomfortable at times.  Where does the title &quot;Magnolia&quot; come from?  I must have missed the connection in the movie.  Also, the frogs were horrible... biblical meaning or not, I was disgusted.  I can't say anything bad about the acting, because everyone did a great job, but the movie was not what I expected and it was quite long.
0399146253|1.0|I've been an avid fan of the Scarpetta series.  This sucked.  Give it up, okay?  This was by far the biggest stinker of the series.  More like reading a long deposition transcript than a novel.  Blatantly setting us up for the sequel so she can grind them out again.  Enough about brilliant, beautiful and now rich Lucy, okay?  Hangdog Marino mooning around like a lovestruck puppy.  Who cares any more?!
B00004ZD69|5.0|Moses climbs Mt. Sinai... God speaks to him... gives Moses the word...Moses is afraid, mystified, overjoyed, humbled...Moses comes back down the mountain, to face the world...with these two CD's in his hands...and woe, the word was mighty and true...
0780627024|2.0|It is difficult to imagine that so many moviegoers have been captivated by this massively pretentious, mind-numbing excuse for a film, but perhaps moralistic spoon feeding is making a comeback. Writer-director Gary Ross could not have gone much further in pounding home every heavy-handed point of this infantile fantasy except, maybe, to have inserted explanatory subtitles for the audience, whom he must obviously believe cannot think for itself. <br />With the exception of the first ten minutes or so when David and Jennifer, the main teen characters, are in \\"real life\\" and provide us with occasional moments of hilarity and entertainment based on genuine human frailty, the film is devoid of any redeeming humor.  Pleasantville is, nonetheless, astonishing and amusing for its ability to take its two-dimensional, blatantly transparent self so utterly seriously for a full hour and twenty-five minutes.<br />Nevertheless, outstanding performances by Joan Allen, Jeff Daniels, William H. Macy, and Don Knotts, who provides the only true comic relief herein, salvage Pleasantville from massive walkouts in theaters and rotting on the video store shelves.  <br />For diehard fantasy buffs, however, Pleasantville may be just your cup of schmaltz.
0399146253|3.0|I am a huge Cornwell fan.  I have bought the last 11 books in hardcover the day they came out.  (And there's no other author I buy in hard cover). I have even taken a day off of work to read them as I can't put them down.  So when this book didn't come out in the usual month of July, it was agony to wait.  I finally picked it up and began it the moment I got home.  I was at first disappointed.  The first 100 or so pages were hard to get through.  I kept losing interest, and even dozed off at one point (never happened before!)  I ended up putting it down for a few days and trying again.  Once I got past the part at the beginning, which is a lot of rehashing of the past (this may be necessary for many readers as the last book came out about 15 months previous), I found that there were several interesting twists which snagged my interest.  I found myself getting excited again as I had to know how these played out.  It's apparent from the ending that there is still much unresolved and the next book will surely pick up from this story.  Now I get how this is working.  Cornwell isn't writing about isolated cases as much any more. Every seemingly new case is connected to the last. She has slowed down time and there is more detail. It makes sense.  Earlier she had to jump ahead in order to show Lucy growing up and becoming more involved in the investigations.   She can't keep jumping ahead or everyone would age too much.  Also, it was hard for me to get over Benton's death, but I am convinced there are even more surprises to come surrounding that whole mystery. Any new Cornwell reader may find this latest book a little confusing and maybe even hard to wade through.  Don't give up.  All the more reason to read the earlier books. Cornwell is amazing in the small details that have meaning at later times.  I wonder if she knows 5 books in advance of all the twists she throws into earlier, seemingly solved cases. Or does she come up with new ideas as she goes along?
B000002U8G|5.0|I can still remember the first time I heard this album.  I was 15, and I was not really at all familiar with Floyd (other than &quot;Another Brick in the Wall Part 2&quot;, which was number one on the radio charts at the time), but I was intrigued by the thought of a song that was 23-minutes long, something I'd never heard of before.  I put on side one, slipped the headphones on, and lay back in the darkness of my room.  By the time the last bluesy notes of &quot;Seamus&quot; were echoing in my ears, I was totally blown away.  I remember thinking, how could there ever be a better album side than that?  Then I put on side two.  Needless to say, &quot;Echoes&quot; was a cathartic experience for me.  It would help me define my musical tastes for years to come.  Some classic rock albums, though I may love them, I am a little sick of hearing now, but after all these years, everytime I listen to &quot;Meddle&quot;, it is almost like that first time.  Side one is still a joy to listen to, with every song unique in its sound, yet somehow fitting together perfectly, and &quot;Echoes&quot; is still an incredible musical voyage where each listening uncovers something new.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Beatles 1 is the greatest single album of songs ever assembled. The Beatles were the greatest pop group, and these are the tunes people bought, and hence enjoyed, the most...ergo, greatest album ever. Hearing these tunes sequentially is an exhilarating experience, and makes one weep at the state of popular music ([c]rap, alternative, country, techno etc.) today. The Beatles set the standard by which all else should be judged, and perhaps one day will be again! Buy and enjoy. Note: like a lot of Beatles fans, I decry the omission of Strawberry Fields Forever; to remedy that, just make a C-90 of Beatle 1 and stick SFF in after Penny Lane from some other CD (like the Blue album) and you're set!
B000003TAW|1.0|This is one of those cds that gets a five star rating because the only people who would ever bother looking it up are the handful of people who actually like it.  People who don't like this type of music genneraly havn't heard of Weezer (rightfully so) and those who do, gennerally opt to listen to MUCH better bands in the same genera (ie: Built to Spill, Sunny Day Realestate, heck even Modest Mouse).  Do yourselfe a favor: if you came here to give this album glowing reviews or to (ack!) actually by it, go check out some of the aforementioned bands just to see how truely boaring and uninspired Weezer realy is.
B00004U8P9|5.0|I freely admit this movie didn't really click with me the first few times I saw it. I found this movie is so utterly strange and disorienting at first that it was the strength of the music and the viscerally perverse, hedonistic, smirking glee that kept me coming back. Richard O'Brien often has a knowing grin on his face as if he's certain this whole thing is really going places... even if he didn't know exactly where. <br /> The Rocky Horror Picture Show, made in 1975 and having the cult status it does, doesn't need me or anyone else to 'review' it at this point. I add my comments here only in an attempt to encourage anyone who didn't like it at first to try again. Once it begins to click, you will find it an amazing example of the whole being far greater than the sum of the parts.
0679879269|1.0|How ironic  that Phillip Pullman, who has complained about the awful preachiness of Lewis' Narnia series, has himself written the  final book of his trlogy as a hateful tract against Christianity and Catholicism. What a shame that he allowed the bitterness and anger of his ego to overshadow what could have been one of the most brilliant stories ever written.  James Joyce, through the character of Stephen Dedalus in Portrait of an Artist as a Young Man, spoke of art as being either pornographic (eliciting desire or fear), didactic (teaching a lesson) or fine (creating aesthetic arrest). Sad to say, The Amber Spyglass is nothing but pornographic didacticism. Those looking for confimation of their nihilistic and narcissistic approach to life will find much to revel in, but those who have experienced the ineffable joy of God's love will find nothing here except an ego in spiritual arrest.
B00004U8P9|5.0|I freely admit this movie didn't really click with me the first few times I saw it. I found this movie is so utterly strange and disorienting at first that it was the strength of the music and the viscerally perverse, hedonistic, smirking glee that kept me coming back. Richard O'Brien often has a knowing grin on his face as if he's certain this whole thing is really going places... even if he didn't know exactly where. <br /> The Rocky Horror Picture Show, made in 1975 and having the cult status it does, doesn't need me or anyone else to 'review' it at this point. I add my comments here only in an attempt to encourage anyone who didn't like it at first to try again. Once it begins to click, you will find it an amazing example of the whole being far greater than the sum of the parts.
B00004XONN|5.0|First of all, I'm not going to say anything about those people who didn't like this album.  Give them 30 years or so and then they'll be ready. Also, if you buy this album thinking of it as &quot;music&quot; in the conventional sense, it will prove you wrong.  This album is as much a memory of a dream or an emotion that you feel for a split second, than it is music.  The lyrics are only a skeleton or outline for the beautiful soundscapes the music creates.  If you really understood OK Computer, this album will have you hooked from the first listen. If not, buy it anyway and listen to it a few times and soon everything will become clear.  After this album, all of my other CDs sounded lifeless and boring.  KID A is the only music I can listen to and be honestly moved.    My three favorite songs are; Kid A-this has to be my favorite song ever, the hauntingly distorted lyrics and almost depressingly manic melody made me want to listen to it over and over again.   Idioteque-which has an almost U2-esque techno beat and multiple voice tracks creating a mesmerizing harmony made me want to dance (and I'm really not the kind of person to do so)   Finally, Motion Picture soundtrack with its eerily meloncholly lyrics and beautiful organs and harps in the background, as Thom Yorke enigmatically ends the album with the climatic last notes,&quot;I will see you in the next life&quot; he gives a memorable ending to this album.  I agree with the many people who say that Radiohead is always far ahead of their time.  This is definately not contemporary music. You could truthfully call this album post-contemporary or even post-modern.  If the fact that Radiohead hasn't returned with their trademark guitars and usual beat bothers, save your $12 and don't buy Kid A. However if you want to hear an album that steps on musical grounds never touched  before, buy Kid A right away, I promise you'll love it. Thanks Radiohead!
B00003CXDG|2.0|This movie does not compare with it's predecessor, the plot is very cheesy, and the love scenes even cheesier (especially that terrible car twirling scene).  The action sequences are nice and tight, but that is all that John Woo knows how to do well.  The entire movie is laid out, and predictable;  which on the other hand, being what made the first one so good (all the back and forth temporal activity, much like a Pulp Fiction style).  Worst of all, this movie has the feel that is was just made to make money, and boost Tom Cruises ego, stardom, and bank account.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The music speaks for itself.  All the #1 singles from the U.K. and the U.S. are on ONE disc.  The weekend Beatle fan who owns very few to none of the albums will want to pick this convenient CD up.  <br />However, many diehard Beatle fans will look at this set as useless because they own every song on the album, plus 5 other versions of it as well.  If they enhanced the sound quality, I might've considered it, but this set offers nothing new.  The only reason a diehard fan would get this would be for mere convenience.  Now you can have a number of hits on one CD instead of carrying around all your CD's.<br />One setback to the CD is that it is cursory.  Yes, there are over 25 songs, but there are so many songs that were never issued as singles (Entire Sgt. Pepper and White Album) or hit #2, etc...  For those who want something more comprehensive but not buy every Beatle CD should purchase the Red and Blue double CD sets.  <br />Warning:  Purchasing this CD may force you to buy the rest of the Beatles CD's, resulting in more spending, but greater enjoyment.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is the best movie I've ever seen.  It's one of those three hour movies that seems like it's an hour long and you're disappointed that it has to end so soon.  There is never a dull moment thanks to the outstanding direction of Ridley Scott.  The cinematography is equally amazing as is the performance of Russell Crowe.  The story is rivetting, thrilling, captivating - yet plausible.  It has all the ingredients of the perfect guy movie: a villian that you develop a seething hatred for, and a hero with such courage, strength and conviction that you can't help but feel his every pain, share his every emotion, and admir... him.  I was so impressed by the movie I had to go back in the theatre and watch the very next showing.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The music speaks for itself.  All the #1 singles from the U.K. and the U.S. are on ONE disc.  The weekend Beatle fan who owns very few to none of the albums will want to pick this convenient CD up. <br />However, many diehard Beatle fans will look at this set as useless because they own every song on the album, plus 5 other versions of it as well.  If they enhanced the sound quality, I might've considered it, but this set offers nothing new.  The only reason a diehard fan would get this would be for mere convenience.  Now you can have a number of hits on one CD instead of carrying around all your CD's.<br />One setback to the CD is that it is cursory.  Yes, there are over 25 songs, but there are so many songs that were never issued as singles (Entire Sgt. Pepper and White Album) or hit #2, etc...  For those who want something more comprehensive but not buy every Beatle CD should purchase the Red and Blue double CD sets.  <br />Warning: Purchasing this CD may force you to buy the rest of the Beatles CD's, resulting in more spending, but greater enjoyment.
0399146253|1.0|Patricia Cornwell's latest novel sadly confirms that she no longer has the ability to adhere to the tight plotting and write with the dark emotion that made her first few novels so engrossing.  While &quot;The Last Precinct&quot; ties up some of the loose ends from &quot;Black Notice,&quot; it goes nowhere in either new psychological terror, or territory for that matter, and falls apart well before its abrupt and unsatisfying ending.  I had felt that the series lost its emotional center with Benton's death; Cornwell fails to recapture that center in this book.  The series has, in my opinion, never recovered.  The direction that Cornwell takes with the character of Jay Talley is frankly not believable, and the grand jury investigation simply does not ring true.  One of the hallmarks of Cornwell's previous work was her ability to create a fairly accurate picture of the workings of criminal law; in this case, however, neither the investigation itself nor its &quot;dramatic&quot; ending are believable.  This will be the last Kay Scarpetta novel for me.
0312954468|4.0|The protagonist is too overwhelmingly knowledgable to be real, but the story is fantastic!  While some of the details might be far fetched the overall effect ties well to what is known about the era of the 13-15th dynasties of Egypt.  The Hykos did invade Egypt at that time.  I wish, though, that Smith had found a better way to introduce the &quot;ideas&quot; that only Taita supposedly developed.
B000031X7T|5.0|In this disc Pink Floyd exprerses their control over the audience, giving a completely new idea of the band.  The enviroment created by the public outcry is encouraging and adds to the increadible performance of Pink Floyd.   This disc is not better than the original studio edition as some songs so sound better and others dont.  Anyway this disc is an invaluable part of any collection
B00004WGY9|5.0|One of the saddest realities is the belief by so many that Dexy's began and ended with &quot;Come on Eileen&quot;. As much as we true music afficionados HATE that stupid song, it remains the only thing known of this fabulous band. <br />The ORIGINAL Dexy's put out what must be considered one of the top albums of the 80's with &quot;Searching for the Young Soul REbels&quot;. It was a re-constituted and watered down Dexy's that put out &quot;Eileen&quot;. <br />It is not an easy disc to find. And for Napster fiends, good luck... search Dexy's and you will only pull up 100 listings for &quot;Eileen&quot;. AAARRRGGGHHH!!!
6302054982|5.0|Even if it is much too long, this movie is perhaps MARTIN SCORSESE's best directing job in all departments.The use of violence here reach it's zenith level :wait til you see that revenge scene with LIOTTA ,that is almost comic even if it's perhaps not intented .The usual four letter words are present ,but since MEAN STEETS we are used to it.Some incredible set pieces assembled by a masterful director. All the actors seems to have a field day.LORRAINE BRACO is sexy and funny;DE NIRO is more subdued than usual and RAY LIOTTA was undeniably the film's revelation.Those allergic to violence in movies should not buy this, others will be delighted.
B00004RHZU|5.0|For the people out there that thought Pink had this bad-girl image, you are totally wrong.  I wanted this CD for quite some time now and when I finally recieved it, I was shocked.  I liked the first two songs Pink had released, (&quot;There You Go&quot; and &quot;Most Girls&quot;), but I didn't expect each and every song to be good.  This CD has great songs with only one song with a couple swear words (#2.)  Overall, as you can see, I loved this CD and I know anyone that buys it will love it as well!
6302878527|5.0|Winnigly directed by DONEN,TWO FOR THE ROAD is full of beautiful vignettes and anecdotes that makes most couples everyday's life.The film shows what a film can do with a simple meaningful story ,and what a director can do if he is gifted and has a way with the visuals aspect of a motion picture.The casting of HEPBURN AND FINNEY works in a splendid way and is a perfect romantic pairing. Funny how the fashion of the time is well presented and has become nostalgic.I'm glad most reviewers liked that film.
B000005J56|5.0|It's really hard not to like this album.  Whether you've seen the movie or not, this sensuous collection of Cuban jazz is a real pleasure to listen to.  Ruben Gonzalez' piano playing is hypnotizing, and Ibrahim Ferrer's voice mesmerizing.  Enjoy!
0783241399|5.0|We often critize today's movies of having plenty of action but no story to sustain its lenght,here's one that has both so just jump on it.So what if the story has been changed a little, after all it's only a movie.DENZEL WASHINGTON is perfectly cast and has a few dramatic scenes to make him shine.What i like is that it's not only about boxing but also about justice and the way it can happen to everybody.With RAGING BULL this film can make a perfect double bill and make ROCKY 2-3-4-5 look like kindergarden.DENZEL has really become the SYDNEY POITIER of our time.To conclude this, i must say that my father who usually sleeps over movies, stayed awake throughout this one, which tells all.
B00004WC6J|3.0|This is not a Greatest Hits package - no Forbidden Colours, numerous missing singles.  Bereft of some of Sylvian's most sublime compositions, it is not a Greatest Songs collection either.  Nor is it a Rarities collection - roughly half is comprised of readily available album material.  While it is convenient to have hard to find material (such the caustic one-off single Pop Song) in one place, they do not necessarily reflect his best or most interesting work.  And his tinkling with old recording masters - remixing and often resinging older tracks - yields mixed results.  The charming (and oh-so 80s) Bamboo Music benefits from a warmer mix, but the one bonafide classic in the bunch, Ghosts, gets an incongruously languid, torchy performance on top of the unchanged and ornamentally rigid framework of the music.  It's easy to see why the rambling Cover Me With Flowers did not make it onto last year's Dead Bees on a Cake, but less obvious why it was favored here over, say, Darkest Dreaming from the same album or The Ink in the Well from the all-but ignored debut album, Brilliant Trees.  And why sacrifice his near-transcendental ballads with Robert Fripp (Damage, and The First Day) for the profoundly melody-challenged Jean the Birdman and God's Monkey?  <br />However, there are three very good reasons to get your hands on this set, and they are all unavailable elsewhere.  The first is the opening cut The Scent of Magnolia that shows Sylvian at the peak of his powers.  With one ear to sampling culture - a sharp series of beats, masterly filtering - and another on Messian, it is a lush and heady amalgamation of his musical talents, and one of his most assured deep-amber vocal performances. The second is Ride, a track intended for the 1988 masterpiece, Secrets of the Beehive.  It's a testament to that album that it doesn't suffer from Ride's exclusion, but the track is among the strongest Sylvian has written - an open vista beautifully shaded by Mark Isham, Ryuichi Sakamotoand Danny Thompson.   Finally, the track that has most completists salivating is one left off Sylvian's 1981 album with his former band Japan, Gentlemen Take Polaroids.  In retrospect it's hard to understand why: a sweeping ballad anchored by an unforgettable, almost corny melody, Some Kind of Fool was perhaps too much ballast on an already lugubrious album.  Aided by some violin-noir and weepy orchestration, the song captures all the things that made Sylvian - and in many ways still does - a fascinating enigma: a contrary courage to marry pretension, experimentation and musical gifts in order to create something of lasting beauty.  It is a pity more of his sublime work is not captured on this collection.
0553106635|1.0|I guess I have a bad attitude about this.<br />Like many of the characters in this series, I'm getting too old to be likely to see a resolution.  I fear my heirs are going to have to stand over my grave to tell me what happened.  The last time I started a series I vowed it would be the last - but I guess you can brand me an oathbreaker because I started this one. I'm guessing it's likely to be a seven course meal and that means   a lot of years before this tale is said and done.<br />Seriously, this is a well-written, gripping epic, but I can't abide the cliffhangers.  I don't feel like waiting another year just to replace the current set of situations with another.  I'm about ready to fly out of the Moon Door.<br />So, I doubt that I'll buy the next one unless it's the last one.  Instead, I'll see if I can manage to outlive whoever the survivor turns out to be and wait to read them all at once.  Of course, given that the characters can come back from the dead and I can't...
B000002UKS|5.0|Everyone knows the good songs on this album, hey Johnny park, my poor brain, wind up,monkey wrench and my hero. EVERLONG however, is out of this world. I have never listened to rock with such emotion. The haunitng guitar rifts leading to the chorus  are only surpassed by the brilliance and emotional plea of Grohl's voice as he screams &quot;and i wonder...&quot; Makes me shiver every time i listen to this outstanding piece of art. The only song that comes close to everlong in meaning and emotion is tonight, tonight by the pumpkins. Tough luck Corgan, Grohl has got the edge this time.
0767903854|5.0|I read this book before and during my trip to Australia.  Although the bood has a lot of boring historical facts, Bryson presented them in a hilarious way!  I loved this book and would reccommend it to anyone who has a sense of humor about Australia.
080013799X|5.0|There are so many good quotes from this movie that just fit right into daily life.  If you are a fan of the spoof, of weird and wacky humor, especially the British type, you've just got to see this movie! Recommended for fans only is hogwash.  Once you've seen it you're bound to be a fan.  Guaranteed. I've corrupted a few new friends with it.  Overlook the poor quality of the actual picture and the sound that is not constant.  The movie's content is just right.
B00004Y62T|4.0|This movie caught alot of flack from critics. I thought it was an entertaining film noir. This dark adaptation of Patricia Highsmith's even darker novel is full of plot twist that just get more and more bizarre. Anthony Minghella (director of the English Patient)uses volumes of style which when combined with the emmense substance of the story creates an all around good thriller.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I've been reading a few of these reviews, and quite frankly, I've been disappointed with those who despise this wonderful and wholesome film.  I think the fact that this film is considered somewhat of a controversy is a misconception -- this is one of the most beautiful and fulfilling films I have ever experienced.<br />I guess some people label this as comedy, but I don't see it as so.  Yes, there are moments where you laugh, but this is hardly a piece that can be taken lightly.  Perhaps Benigni shouldn't have used the Holocaust as a background for his story as that has seemed to offend many viewers, people who believe that it does not do the horrible historical event justice.  Being that I am not (Jewish) I cannot know the extent of this offense...However, I don't believe Benigni's intention was to dishonor the event in any way.  Furthermore, this movie is fiction, and is NOT, and has never claimed to be, a movie based on the events of the Holocaust.<br />This film is not about the Holocaust.  It is about a beautiful and loving family in adverse times, and the sacrifices parents are willing to make to maintain the innocent mind of their beloved child.  This film is an expression of humanity, and survival.<br />Some people I've spoken with expressed their disgust for the film's title, since the ending's tragedy does not seem to fit the meaning of the title.  I disagree.  The laughter and tears are an equal summation of the title - the beauty of the tragedy is the love that lives on, and that is passed down from one generation to the next.  Life is full of ups and downs, and without the downs, we would never know the real extent of our happiness.
0399146253|5.0|I'm normally not a fan of a series, but whenever I read &quot;Black Notice&quot; I couldn't wait for the follow up book and I must say that &quot;The Last Precinct&quot; is a worthy Scarpetta continuation. There are surprising twists and turns. The beginning is a little slow, but as the story goes on the book intensifies significantly to the end as it also offers an enganging ending -- well done indeed. Another thriller that I just read and I thought was awesome as it is fast paced and plays on an international level is the new intelligent and explosive megathriller by Alec Donzi &quot;The Consultant.&quot;
B000002MZ6|5.0|Is perfection quite possibly to hard to achieve?  I would like to think this CD aims for that.  I have never heard any of Oldfield's previous work, so I am a bit uneducated with his history.  Though this has to be one of my favorite cds I have in my collection.  Any time I play this for a friend of mine they can't believe how amazing this cd is.  The begining of the cd starts off as almost you are witnessing the begining of time.  Oldfield uses several vocal sample originating from a choir member sound.  His blend and beat of the music is done flawlessly.  <br />The cd continues to becoming a really epic amazing piece.  The erruption of this most amazing sound is so complex and beautiful you are just in shock you can be hearing something this prodigious. I would even be willing the to go real far and say this has a sound of holiness as in you are standing at the gates of heaven in awe.  Seems like a far statement to say, but if you heard the track, you would probably agree.  Then just as the music is building to this gigantic climax, the music goes into a soft, yet fast beat where it feels like you are swiftly flying over the water.  <br />I highly suggest laying down somewhere in your home (don't be sleepy) and listening to the entire cd.  The music will astound you so much you will just loose your sense of time and everything around you.  Its that damn good people.
B00000GBHA|5.0|Songs like \\"Sugarman\\" and \\"I Wonder\\" floated into the psyche of virtually every (white) South African household in the early 70's and stuck there. Quite why most of the rest of the world didn't hear this album remains a mystery. With it's biting social lyrics, and great folk rock instrumentation, Rodriguez surely created what should have been a world wide classic. <br />There are shades of Dylan, but Rodriguez's voice is mesmerising where Dylan's is nasal. The melodies seem to gently coil themselves around you and before you know it, you're trapped in a web of aural pleasure. The album is hard to escape once you've heard it. It works its understated magic on you and you're hooked. I challenge you not to go round humming \\"Sugarman\\" after a few listens.<br />If you have never heard this album, you should be asking yourself some deep, probing personal questions like \\"where have I been while most of the Southern Hemisphere have been enjoying this ?\\" and \\"Why wasn't I born in South Africa, my life has been empty without this\\"<br />Seriously though, if you like good folk rock with a social commentary that digs in, look no further, otherwise you're missing out on one of the best albums you'll ever hear.
B000002HH2|5.0|i first bought this album back in 1995, after seeing &quot;it's oh so quiet&quot; on MTV in Indonesia.  the rest was such a surprise! Bjork's music has opened my mind and ears up to music such as Autechre, Aphex Twin and others.  This album is still fantastic five years later, it just sounds so ahead of its time and still hasn't dated at all.  The opening of track 7 &quot;isobel&quot;is amazing; the orchestral music builds with drums rushing up to meet, then the strings fall away and reveal some amazing sounds in the background, immediately bringing to mind images of the forest Bjork sings about in the song.  <br />anyway, get this cd - it's really brilliant, bjork is truly one of a kind and i can't wait for her new album! (mid 2001, apparently)
B00004Y7SF|4.0|I'll start off saying that this is a good cd. But I was a little dissapointed with the content. I was thinking that this CD would show off Christina's amazing voice in traditional christmas songs.What it is is entirely different from what I thought. All of the songs had a &quot;teen&quot; feel to them that made the traditional songs sound horrible. Although I didn't like the way that the songs are styled, I have to say that Christina's powerhouse voice shines through and she sounds like a pro. I would recommend this CD to people that are looking for a new twist to some of the regular Christmas carols.
0380789019|4.0|First off let me say that I gave this book 4 stars only because I believe that Lord of The Rings is the scale upon which all other fantasy novels should be weighed.  This book came very close to 5 stars in my book.  Mr. Gaiman is a master-storyteller, as evidenced in this book.  The London subway system, the 'rarely seen' people who blend into the cracks because we choose not to see these people (the poor, outcast, homeless, etc.).<br />The book is full of interesting characters and an excellent twist at the end.  I suspected certain things before I got the end of the novel but was pleasantly surprised by the way the author tweaked my mind.<br />If you are a lover of Fantasy and/or Science Fiction, this book comes highly recommended.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I could live inside this CD! Several years ago, before she became super-famous, I had the pleasure of hearing Diana Krall playing in a restaurant in her home town of Nanaimo, B.C. I was spell bound! This is her best CD yet, I think, (although it's really hard to choose!) and I play it nearly every time I'm in my car. It is relaxing in traffic, up-beat and energizing, and her piano solos send me straight to heaven every time. Once I've heard her sing favourites such as Let's Face the Music and Dance, Popsicle Toes, or I've Got a Feeling, other versions sound flat and lifeless in comparison. And who could resist being seduced by Do it Again? <br />You couldn't go wrong buying this as a gift for someone of nearly any age and musical tastes. Everyone should have it in their collection!
B00004SCX6|5.0|This c/d has to be one of the best c/d's of the year 2000. 'Oops!...I did it Again' is britneys second effort at recording and definetly established her as an artist and a force to recon with.  The fast tracks 'oops', 'what usee', 'stronger', and 'dont go knocking' are really kool, funcky and danceable tunes. the ballads on this c/d are AMAZING 'Where are you now' is my faveorite  song on this c/d. 'Dont let me be the last to know is another Greats ballad. the only flaw with this record is 'satisfaction'. GREAT WORK BRITNEY
0783246641|5.0|Not a movie to watch with your parents.Being a 16 year old girl i found the kinky sex scenes a bit much to watch with older folks. The movie was outstanding though. For some it may be confusing as you must determine which things in it are real and which are figments of imagination. Christian Bale is a wonderfully talented and attractive star who makes the movie. Also equipped with a catchy soundtrack this movie is a definite must see!
6304493681|3.0|When Ghost in the Shell was released, it was hailed as &quot;the future of anime.&quot;  A fair claim, as more recent works blending drawn artwork and CG have demonstrated.  In this respect, it's an interesting piece of work.  Note that Macross Plus experimented with this visual technique 3 years earlier, but not to the extent of Ghost. <br />Unfortunately, Ghost in the Shell borrows heavily from &quot;Blade Runner&quot;, &quot;The Terminator&quot;, and even &quot;La Femme Nikita&quot; to creative an unoriginal storyline.  American movie fans will undoubtedly see the similarities here.  I don't think Mamoru Oshii was racking his brain to create something absolutely original from a script perspective.  He probably had a &quot;look&quot; in his head of how the film should have appeared, and filled in the narrative gaps to include as many special effects as possible.  Hardcore Ghost fans will undoubtedly disagree with me on this.<br />The anamorphic format is great, picture quality is great.  The sound quality is good, except it's too bad that there wasn't a DD5.1 Japanese audio track available on the disk.  The English version dub was fair, at best.  Overall, the film is definately worth watching, but isn't quite the classic it's hailed to be.
B00004T8RK|5.0|If you like Pearl Jam, you'll love this CD.  It's every bit as good as Yield, with the best songs being slower and exquisite - Thin Air, Nothing as it Seems and Parting Ways. This is some beautiful work.
B00004WC6J|4.0|A &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; collection this is not, rather a curious mixture of selected older material, rarities and a few newer, hitherto unreleased tracks. It all bears testament to how well Sylvian's music has stood up over time, as a common thread of subdued vocal accompaniment to eclectic and lush musical exploration runs back over a twenty year history. Perhaps the &quot;First Day&quot; era songs with Robert Fripp jar a little with the overall mood due to their guitar-driven agression, but they are only a minor distraction. A reasonably priced artefact for Sylvian's devotees and a superb introduction for those unfamiliar with the man's work.
B00003CXHJ|3.0|OK the story is historically inaccurate but this is a Hollywood action film. It is a great story, lots of action, lots of opportunity for leadership and sacrifice but not a real lot of depth (but lots of depth charges!).<br />U-Boat gets crippled and on board is the German Enigma machine. If the Allies get it than they can intercept the U-Boats sinking all the shipping. American submarine intercepts but is blown out of the water and the hunt for safety is on. You have an XO turned down for promotion (McConaughey) able to prove that he is captain material, you have the old lag (Keitel) and many youngsters who are used as cannon-fodder.<br />You have some great heroics and a film that keeps you interested, but you have no Das Boot. The claustrophobia, the terror of depth charges, the aging of the young submariners is not adequately captured, but this is Hollywood, not reality, or it would have been Jude Law doing the business!
B000002H33|5.0|This album, as the title states, is the best music ever made. It simply compares to nothing. Every song (with the exception of #3) would be my favorite on almost any other album. Battery's classical opening, morphing into an excellent thrash metal track, is one of the five best metal songs ever. Master of Puppets, Disposable Heroes, Leper Messiah, and Sanitarium are the other four. Each is different, yet together they make the best album in the history of music. Buy it! Now!
B00004U8H4|4.0|This has got to be one of the best black comedies I have ever seen. For the first part of the movie I could not help but laugh out loud. It is hilarious!<br />But (not having read the book) guess who got sucked in and suckered out with the ending? This is class in a glass. The music, the clothes, the Master of the Universe yuppies all go to build a great background. Then there is Patrick Bateman (an outstanding performance by Christian Bale but more on that later)- a designer quoting, 1000 stomach crunches a day, body exfoliating and facial masking kind of corporate success you could see anywhere in the 80s.<br />But of course Patrick is different. He kills: he kills with hammers, axes, staple guns (a real big one), chain saws. He decapitates, delimbs, hangs bodies up in his closet or just shoots them. This is all done in such a stylised way that it is funny - not horrific. <br />But strongest of all is his narcissism. Because Patrick is just another screwed up yuppie who dreams all these murders, who cannot tell the difference between reality and a daydream but who is really no different to all his other peers.<br />I loved this movie because it took me in one direction (the black comedy, the blood, the psychosis of a man losing control) but then it kicked me back to a very cerebral and deeply intuitive understanding of human nature and the rage within.<br />Best of all was Christian Bale who I must admit I had not seen since Empire of the Sun. After you watch this DVD look at his interview. The difference between the character he plays and the actor himself is amazing to watch. What a performance, what an actor.<br />So give your self a good kick up the backside and watch this.
B000022TSF|5.0|In my opinion, CHINATOWN is the last masterpiece presented by polish director Roman Polanski. After this 1973 movie, Polanski will shoot good if not excellent movies that nevertheless won't match such references as REPULSION or CUL-DE-SAC directed in the sixties.<br />CHINATOWN is the one-time gathering of a director, a producer and a screenwriter who joined for creating a common project. This situation would hardly happen nowadays ; cinema is becoming so dependent on economic issues that movies all look the same and hardly translate into images the genuine vision of a director. Just think that under the severe studio laws of the 30's, 40's and 50's, such talented directors as Alfred Hitchcock, Vincente Minnelli or Fritz Lang were able to create a personal cinematographic world notwithstanding the studio pressures. On the contrary, less than ten american directors in activity can be considered today as authors-directors. And, for the most of them, they are growing very old.<br />Even if you are not particularly fond of the film noir genre, you cannot neglect CHINATOWN and its story of a private detective Jack &quot; Jake Gittes &quot; Nicholson searching for the truth in a Los Angeles sweating corruption and hidden sins. He will have to face another Hollywood giant - John Huston - before giving up in a pessimist finale &agrave; la ... Huston.<br />A DVD for your library.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is by far the best CD to ever exist.  Every song illuminates the superb talent of the musical giants that call themselves &quot;Creed&quot;.
B00003CX8I|4.0|This is a fine rendition of the Marvel Comic of the same name. Although Hollywood has often turned to comics lately, they're rarely done one this well. Once you've accepted the basic premise that humanity has suddenly and spontaneously mutated to the extent that any of a host of &quot;superpowers&quot; are rampant in the population, then you are off for a romp. If you can't buy this, then stay away! The casting is superb--apparently Hugh Jackman was a late substitution, but he is so good it is hard to imagine anyone else in the part. Patrick Stewart as Professor Charles Xavier and Ian McKellen as Magneto are also perfect for their roles, and Rebecca Romijn-Stamos will be in the dreams of every teenaged boy who sees this film for years to come. I have to admit that I found the character and portrayal of Toad by Ray Park so totally over-the-top (yes, he has a long sticky tongue and hops around...sheesh!!) that it was absurd--it really detracted from the overall effect. But for the most part, Marvel Comic characters and stories have always had more depth than their DC counterparts, and the movie takes full advantage of this. Even the bad guys are motivated not primarily from a desire to do evil, but from self-preservation. Special effects in this film were fantastic, the plot was reasonably complex and interesting, characters had some depth--the criticism that there were simply too many characters is valid, but after all the film wasn't X- *MAN*....and of course, we are set up for a sequel. If they keep this quality, I'd be happy to see it--I thought this was the best comic treatment I've seen since the original Batman with Michael Keaton. It ain't Shakespeare, but hey, even Shakespeare had odd people with strange powers in his plays (Midsummer Night's Dream, for one example)....
0393314804|4.0|I personally find Trainspotting reasonably good,the truth is that I've seen Trainspotting more than 7 times,and read the book at least 4 times in both plain British English as well as in Scottish slang.  It is provocative, yes, especially the heroin scenes. But,it is also the Identification,that you'll probably start having after seeing the film,with the main character.   Reasonably Good, that's my 5 Quid on this book review. Thanks for your time mates,cheers.
B000050FEN|5.0|SEVEN<br />A film that is felt more than seen, SEVEN ushered in a strange new approach to the maniac-tracked-by-cops genre. It initiated supreme suspense and only hinted at gory scenes, making the shocks all the more intense. <br />Brad Pitt is wonderful a as cocky and slightly dim cop paired with Morgan Freeman, a seasoned veteran. Both leads carry their roles with great verve, their abilities as actors truly underscore a film that could have unraveled without their pitch-perfect performances.<br />The New Line Platinum Edition of the DVD should be grand if it is an eighth as good as director Fincher's FIGHT CLUB DVD, a true trendsetter of the DVD format. I for one cannot wait.<br />A marvelous film like this truly deserves the platinum treatment, and I am glad to see that New Line Films understands this and will finally make available a DVD version worth crowing about. Kudos to the films's creators, the film company, and the actors for a movie that should stand the test of time and leaves most cat and mouse thrillers behind eating its dust.
B000003Z6I|3.0|It depends on your point of view. If you like your Cave tuneful then this is not really for you, but if you liked 'The Birthday Party' then buy this. Personally I would differ from the other reviwers on this page because this is not my favourite Cave album. I think it is undisciplined in comparison to his later work (check out The Forstborn is Dead for progress in that direction). I don't think the band have quite discovered their direction,(Punk? Blues? Art Rock?) at this point. The cover of 'In the Ghetto' sits very unconfortably with the other stuff. This album sounds like the birth of The Bad Seeds in many ways. In my opinion the best songs are 'Well of Misery', which is a taster of the evil blues to come on later albums, the fantastic cover of Cohen's 'Avalanche', the  poetic racket that is 'Saint Huck' and of course the undoubted masterpiece 'From Her to Eternity'.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I know it's a bold statement, but just watch Gladiator and try to disagree that this isn't the best movie of the year.  I just hope that the Academy doesn't have their heads up their &quot;you know where&quot; when Oscar time comes around.  The acting is top quality, the story is great, and the score is Hans Zimmer's best to date!  Original and haunting at the same time.  The tension and suspence are timed perfect with the pace of the film.  And lets not forget the the visual aspect of this film.  Amazing is a good description!  Kudos to the Director of Photography.  If you haven't seen this movie, then rent or buy the DVD and experience it the way it was intended.
0802130208|5.0|While the book as a &quot;comedy&quot; is worth the read alone, its satire of race relations, civil rights, and the stereotypical New Orlenian are perfect.  The book has a wonderful array of character: the Civil Rights crusader M. Minkoff, Ignatius' discouraged mother Irene, the obese and condescending Ignatius J. Reilly, and many more.  As a Louisiana resident, I particularly enjoyed reading about places which I have frequented often; nonetheless, this book is a must read for all.
1559948671|5.0|It's one of the best military history books I've read. The authors describe vividly in minute-count details of what's happening in the battle. The reality of horror of what struck US force in the 1st bloodiest battle in Vietnam really sucked me into reading page to page. The description, explaination, the story of book was so real I felt one in the battle myself. Another plus, the book is based on 2 sided of the stories (US as well as Vietnam) thus making it so historically valuable.
B00004YYDI|5.0|I almost cried. This has to be one of the best movies I have ever seen. Luc Besson is one of the greatest directors. He has a style that trensends time. What can I say abou this movie besides it is well acted,has a breath taking story and loveable characters. Yes I almosted cried when I first saw this movie, I was so concerned about Matilda and Leon like they were real people. I know I'm not saying anything about the content of the movie, I just wanted to pump the movie.
0380788624|1.0|This book was an incredible disappointment. The plot was VERY thin, not even as interesting as the jacket blurb. The style was self-indulgent, as if the author took his diary/journal and worked every buzz-concept and wired side box he had ever heard and melded it together with banal dialog. I took this on a 12 hour flight to London, and wanted to jump out of the plane after three hours. Terrible in concept, terrible in detail. Want to buy my copy?
B00003CWTI|2.0|Actually Magnolia does end... after 3 hours and 9 nine grueling minutes.  Watching Magnolia is a test in endurance.  Magnolia is truly a pretentious film (in the same way American Beauty was) which is evident in its cutesy beginning and absurd ending.  Sandwiched in between is a mess of a movie.  From Magnolia's lack of editing and its over-the-top performances the director succeeds in simultaneously boring and frustrating this viewer.  Lost in this mess of a film is the simple premise that we cannot run  away from our past and our past will continue to  shape our future.  The director takes 3 hours and 9 minutes to make this point. The characters are supposed to be sympathetic but are not.  The script is suppose to be thought provoking but it is not.  Magnolia is niether thought provoking nor entertaining.  The pseudo-intellects should love this movie.  If you were a fan of American Beauty you should enjoy Magnolia.  However, if you are an avid film goer who demands quality you should be able to expose Magnolia for what it really is... a massive (3 hour 9 minutes to be exact) waste of time.
B00004Y6NP|5.0|This album is a complete work of art.  From the start it draws you into a world filled with vietnam hauntings kept at bay with uplifting swing melodies.  My personal favorite is Ride Across the River, a melanchonic tune about freindship through the harshest of conditions, but most would know this by the song Money for Nothing which won the MTV Music Video Award for that year.  Money for Nothing, as all the songs Dire Straits sings, contains that gruff working man attitude but what makes it great is the subtle meaning that is conveyed in the words and supported by the music.  This album is a must for every music lovers collection.  It is a record that you should listen to while nursing a beer in your backyard, staring at the diminishing sun, recovering from a hard day at work.
B0000508U6|4.0|This band is white-hot in Britain right now, and I'd highly recommend giving this disc a spin.  The songs &quot;Shiver&quot; and &quot;Yellow&quot; (a UK #4 single) are particular standouts.<br />If you're a fan of jangly guitars and moody pop soundscapes (think Travis, Mazzy Star, Radiohead without all the moaning), then you won't be disappointed...
B00004Z459|5.0|i usually dont write reviews for the cd's that i buy, but when i heard one step closer on the radio i had to buy the cd.  All of the songs are good, i mean it, ur not going to be able to skip  song after song.  My personal favorties are 2, 7, 8, and 6.  there are 2 songs on the cd that are sort of emotoinal, when you hear then.  to this date this is the best cd that i have bought
630264366X|4.0|Besides being a true story, a well made movie. Excellent performances by the two actors. The first time I saw this movie over ten years back, I will not forget the last scene where Kapler looks into the camera with eyes of wonder/tears....
B00004Z459|5.0|i usually dont write reviews for the cd's that i buy, but when i heard one step closer on the radio i had to buy the cd.  All of the songs are good, i mean it, ur not going to be able to skip  song after song.  My personal favorties are 2, 7, 8, and 6.  there are 2 songs on the cd that are sort of emotoinal, when you hear then.  to this date this is the best cd that i have bought
B000001FY5|5.0|Exodus to me is the #1 CD of all time.  It's old world, old school, timeless and prophetic.  Forget the comments about it being too commercial for Marley fans or that there are better works.  There is none better, only different.  Marley digs deep here and produces something that will stand the test of time for centuries to come.  Every track glows with perfection, the lesser known songs show what a superior talent he was.  Hendrix and Coltrane are great peaks, but Marley is Mount Everest and with Exodus you can see forever.
B00004Z459|5.0|i usually dont write reviews for the cd's that i buy, but when i heard one step closer on the radio i had to buy the cd.  All of the songs are good, i mean it, ur not going to be able to skip  song after song.  My personal favorties are 2, 7, 8, and 6.  there are 2 songs on the cd that are sort of emotoinal, when you hear then.  to this date this is the best cd that i have bought
0553106635|1.0|Why do the authors in the fantasy have this new 'cool trend' of writing huge 'epic' series filled basically with subplots and only a nebulous main theme?All the so-called 'fantasy kings'- Jordan, Terry Goodkind and now GRR Martin have disappointed me greatly. The 'epic' style is very unsatisfactory, more like a soap opera than an epic. Tolkien wrote epic and grand stories, but were they neverending, rambling creations? I had more hopes for this particular series but the author appears to be squandering it away with another Jordan-like fiasco. If you want tightly woven, well-written fantasy, don't expect to be satisfied here. Look at Pullman's provocative and beautiful His Dark Materials, or Ursula K Leguin's thoughtful trilogy. Or go back to the major figure in the genre, Tolkien, and see why these authors are worth reading. These books are more like Swords-and-sorcery Grisham then fantasy. The genre really is going downhill.
014028009X|5.0|This book was great.  I laughed out loud many times and I saw a lot of myself in it.  A definite read for single women.
B00000272N|5.0|Without any dought, their best album!! Great, great songs like &quot;Man in the box&quot;, &quot;We die young&quot; and &quot;Sunshine&quot; although there isn't one you won't like or wont hear over and over! Two music gods (Staley and Cantrell), they both sing, a rock atmosphere, great lyrics, one of the best Seattle bands! Buy it, you won't regret!!
6305531412|1.0|As other reviewers have noted, this is a ground-breaking, hilarious, one-of-a-kind movie.  It deserves to be in everyone's DVD collection, even if your collection consists of but two DVDs. It deserves five, even six, stars, but...<br />I urge you to wait for another DVD version, for two reasons:  first, if ever a film deserved extras, it's WHO FRAMED ROGER RABBIT?, but we get none on this over-priced DVD.  Second, the movie is trimmed by a scant few seconds (on grounds of poor taste in the offending scenes), but the critical thing is -- It IS censored.  Strike a small blow for the ability to decide for yourself, and avoid this DVD.  Wait -- it'll show up in an unadulterated version at some point in the near future.
6302529867|3.0|This is essentially a buddy movie clothed in mountaineering garb. It is a story about two climbers: one, a Seattle based attorney, the other, a physics instructor. They are a mismatched pair of friends who are brought together because of their love for climbing. The story line is about the ultimate test that their friendship endures while high on K2, the second highest mountain in the world but the most perilous to climb.<br /><br />The rock climbing scenes that take place in the first fifteen minutes of the movie are terrific to watch, even though they may not be technically correct. After all, it's a movie, not a documentary. The scenery is spectacular and the cinematography is excellent.<br /><br />These friends decide to grab an opportunity to climb K2 with an expedition that lost two of its team members to an avalanche on Denali. The attorney has no problem going to K2, but the physics instructor leaves behind his weeping wife and child. Yet his friendship with the attorney and his own desire to climb K2 compel him to leave his distraught family.<br /><br />There are a number of scenes in the movie that seem to be taken from real life. While on expedition to K2, the porters leave them stranded, refusing to go any further on the mountain, as they have portents of doom. They also want more money. One scene has the attorney burning rupees in defiance of the porters' strike. World class mountaineer Jim Wickwire did the same thing, when he climbed K2, and under similar circumstances.<br /><br />In another scene, a number of climbers fall into a crevasse only to be saved at the last minute by the physics instructor, as he digs his ice axes in and grips the road. The film also include a scene that shows the expedition leader succumbing to high altitude sickness, necessitating his descent of K2 as soon as possible.<br /><br />Animosity on the mountain between the climbing leader and the attorney over who will be part of the first summit team is also reminiscent of real life expeditions. It is here that the attorney's friendship with the physics instructor becomes strained, as he lays claim to be on the first summit team and does not include his friend, even though they had been climbing partners for ten years. So much for the brotherhood of the rope.<br /><br />After the first summit team is finished off by the mountain, the two friends summit, but on the descent the physics instructor falls and is seriously injured, breaking his leg. As you can imagine, this is really bad news, as it is tantamount to a death sentence, especially when you are in the death zone and without oxygen.<br /><br />Since this is a buddy movie, the attorney comes up with a plan to get his friend down K2. I won't tell you what it is, but I will give you a hint. The plan used is to be found in Joe Simpson's book \\"Touching the Void\\".<br /><br />Interestingly enough, the movie is dedicated to two mountaineers of renown: Seattle attorney, Jim Wickwire, and physicist, Lou Reichardt, both of whom were among the first Americans to summit K2 in 1978. This film seems to be loosely based upon some of their mountaineering exploits. It is a moderately enjoyable film that should appeal to armchair climbing enthusiasts everywhere.life expeditions. It is here that the attorney's friendship with the physics instructor becomes strained, as he lays claim to be on the first summit team and does not include his friend, even though they had been climbing partners for ten years. So much for the brotherhood of the rope.<br /><br />After the first summit team is finished off by the mountain, the two friends summit, but on the descent the physics instructor falls and is seriously injured, breaking his leg. As you can imagine, this is really bad news, as it is tantamount to a death sentence, especially when you are in the death zone and without oxygen.<br /><br />Since this is a buddy movie, the attorney comes up with a plan to get his friend down K2. I won't tell you what it is, but I will give you a hint. The plan used is to be found in Joe Simpson's book \\"Touching the Void\\".<br /><br />Interestingly enough, the movie is dedicated to two mountaineers of renown: Seattle attorney, Jim Wickwire, and physicist, Lou Reichardt, both of whom were among the first Americans to summit K2 in 1978. This film seems to be loosely based upon some of their mountaineering exploits. It is a moderately enjoyable film that should appeal to armchair climbing enthusiasts everywhere.
B00004XONN|1.0|I may not be part of the select fans who see something worthwhile on this CD. Oh well, I re-listened to Kid A, and still consider it a major bomb by the so-called &quot;saviors of rock n roll&quot;. They are?? No wonder rock is almost dead. There is no cohesiveness on Kid A, barely a memorable melody(Optimistic being the only melody I can remember),nothing resembling their epic rock songs of yore, just COMPUTER (DE)GENERATED GURGLE, and I wouldn't recommend if there was a gun pointed to my head. Big piece of RUBBISH by this &quot;former&quot; great band.....hopefully they'll recover.....
B0000013GT|5.0|i hate giving five stars to any cd like everyone else seems to do, but when a recording is this good i have to be honest.  this was the first album i heard from outkast and it's still my favorite.  the beats are almost all innovative and fitting and you can start to see some of the stanger, not-so-typical sounds that they developed in &quot;aquemini&quot; and &quot;stankonia&quot;.  but they're certainly not as crazy or funk-intensive as the tracks on those two later releases.  in my opinion, that makes for a more focused record and just as enjoyable.  the lyrics are what separate this album from ordinary ones that have good production.  dre and big boi need &quot;no drugs or alcohol so i can get the signal clear as day, put my glock away, i got a stronger weapon&quot;.  how often do you hear that in rap now?  they also praise women, though they criticize those &quot;hoes&quot; that use their bodies and have no morals on &quot;jazzy belle&quot;.  sure, it's new and welcome, but it only works because their delivery is smooth and addictive.  &quot;growing old&quot; is one of the best slow numbers in rap in a long time, and the first 6 tracks, especially &quot;wheelz of steel&quot; and &quot;elevators&quot; are gems in their own right.  one or two of the last few tracks are not quite up to par with these but they're still not anything to hit the fast-forward button on.  to think that i bought this cd on a whim without having really heard it - certainly one of the best &quot;blind&quot; purchases i have ever made.
B000002B2T|5.0|Mega-band[Layne Staley (Alice in chains), Mike McCready (Pearl jam) and Barrett Martin (Screaming trees)] with a mega-album!! Great songs, different spirits, candles and lots of smoke! &quot;Wake up&quot; makes you fly, with its slow start, but then it grows, and grows, and it never lets you go, that solo, Laynes' voice... UAU! Fabulous! And it still has the jazzish &quot;Long gone day&quot; (with Lanegan from the Trees), the Pearl jamish &quot;I'm above&quot; and &quot;I don't know anything&quot;! Not five but, at least, nine stars!!!
B000001E7V|5.0|This is one of the best CDs of the ninetys.  Don't let anyone tell you otherwise, if they do, they just don't understand Tricky's music.  This CD is pure unbridled creativity with NOTHING held back, the way it should be.  If your going to only buy one Tricky CD make it this one, you WILL NOT be disappointed
B00000J9HE|5.0|For the budget price and 2 CD's packed with these four great symphonies and two shorter works, you can't go wrong.  I think von Karajan is the way to go for Sibelius, and these are certainly excellent recordings.  I'm not an expert in Sibelius' music, but after one or two listening sessions, I can tell you that the music is beautiful.  Though the recording is ADD, the quality is quite strong.  I try to buy DDD when I can, but there is no obvious weakness to the sound on these CD's.  I even like the CD design which recreates the album look of the original DG recordings.  All in all, a great combination, lots of music and a fair price.  Did I mention a great performance by the most legendary Sibelius conductor and the Berlin Philharmonic?  Give it a listen.
6305232660|5.0|A realistic adaptation of what might actually happen if  doomsday were coming. Especially the part where the G-men wouldn't tell anybody of the impending doom unless they absolutely had to. Awesome effects at just the right times, the story holds up very well and It's a shame that Criterion passed this one up for (the gusto-budgeted-painfully long 15 minute goodbye speech of Bruce Willis to the world) armegeddon.
0679735909|5.0|Possession is a book worth rediscovering if you have trouble getting through the poetry the first time around.  I read it years ago with a reading group, and although I thouroughly enjoyed it, it took a long while to get through it, and the poetry bogged me down.  Although I vowed to read the poetry -- didn't!  This time around, I am choosing the book as my choice for a new reading group, and am discovering the thrill of it all over again.  Mystery, love story, certain to become a classic.
0446677450|5.0|I read this book after noticing how many reviews it got, and at the time i bought it, the Amazon sales rank was 23, which was really impressive.<br />Some reviewers complained about the repitition of points in the book, but they forget that the key to remembering is through repetition, that is one way the advice he presented will be stored in your head.<br />His advice is to help prevent us from financial trouble, when we could be living more comfortably after learning how to use our money wisely.<br />But if youre content with your situation and dont feel like following his advice then its okay,...<br />I thought that his advice made perfect sense, that luxuries can wait while your money is invested to help pay for them. Another thing is that he is encouraging to think long term, which even though isnt a new idea, it should complement your thinking about making money through some or most of your investments.<br />I read this book in a couple of hours, and gained knowledge in that time slot that has been taught to Robert over a period of years by his Rich Dad.<br />You dont necessarily need to follow all his investment ideas, just the one that you think you should do.<br />This book is about the mindset you should have towards money, and how to use that to be more than financially secure. I rate this book 5 stars because of the importance of the ideas he presented me with, not the quantity.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Well I bought the Marshall Mathers LP, and I knew from the first track that I was going to enjoy the cd. I dont understand why all these critics are getting so upset by his lyrics..they are just lyrics. Eminem is entitled to say what he feels. I am glad that he pushes the right of Freedom of Speech to the limit. My favorite tracks on the cd are &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; and &quot;Stan.&quot; I like Drug Ballad because Eminem's style of rap is different on this track then from what I have heard before. Stan is a great song because it tells a story and I was able to get a mental picture.This song also shows a serious side to Eminem. All in all I really enjoyed this cd. If you want some laughs, this is the cd for you.
0767821629|3.0|but they do. I didn't. story is kinda there but it just never did anything for me. a couple of mediocre effects and mediocre acting, maybe I was just in a bad mood that day- you decide.
0780631684|5.0|From the opening credits Final Destination sets the pace for what is an action packed bloodfest must see movie.  The film is based around one particular character (Devon Sawa) who is amongst a group of american school kids who are about to fly to France on a field trip.  Upon boarding the plane that is about to fly the kids to France, Devon falls asleep and has a premonition that the plane is going to crash.  Once awakening Devon causes a fuss and is instantly removed from the plane with about six other members from the party.  Once the plane eventually takes off it explodes leaving all the removed in shock.  What followes on from this is quite a good story line about death trying to catch up the escapees.  The people that were removed from the plane were the ones that were suppossed to of died so death has set up a new design for each of them.  So when the surviors are being killed off one by one (in some of the best death scenes i have ever seen)  they all group together to try and avoid being next on the grim reapers list.
0553106635|4.0|I've reached page 600 after about a week, and thought I'd share my thoughts so far. First, I agree with many of the posts praising this book. However, I do have a couple of complaints about it.<br />First, it feels &quot;choppier&quot; than the others, in that just as a chapter gets going from one character's viewpoint, you are switched over to a different character. It almost feels like a tv script, with mini-climaxes every 10 pages so you can have a commercial break and switch to a different scene. For whatever reason, the first two books seemed to have a better overall flow. Because of that, unlike the previous two books which I could sit and read for hours on end, I find myself reading this book in smaller one and two-hour chunks.<br />My second problem with this book is that so far it hasn't generated the emotional interest in me that the first two did. (Book 1 SPOILER ahead) Remember Bran being thrown out the window by Jaime? Remember Ned's men being slaughtered in the castle at King's Landing and him subsequently losing his head? So far nothing sticks out like that in this 3rd book, although I have about 300 pages to go.<br />I won't rehash the plot, since others have done that. I will say that of the myriad characters and storylines, four stand out as the most interesting in this novel: Daenerys, Jaime, Tyrion, and Jon Snow. For others such as Robb, Bran, Catelyn, Arya, and Sansa, we don't get any insight into the characters - we mostly see them either swept along by events or we see an external view of them acting without hearing about internal motivation or conflict.<br />All of that said, it is still an excellent book and a worthy followup to the first two. Martin deserves nothing but praise for his excellent writing and high standards, unlike other recent high-profile sequel flops like Jordan's &quot;Path of Daggers&quot; or Clancy's &quot;The Bear and the Dragon&quot;.
B00000IMTF|5.0|Way back in 1976, as a pimply teenager, I rushed out and bought the LP version of this album on the day it was released. The eager anticipation was amply repaid, and after a couple of listens I can say that this album is the only one which ever gave me a headache. It was worth it. From the opening keyboard swell to the final chords of Light In The Black, this is Ritchie Blackmore's masterpiece. But to limit this praise to Mr Blackmore would be an insult to the other players. Driven along by the late Cozy Powell's drums and backed up by Tony Carey's keyboards and Jimmy Bain's powerful bass, all topped off with the incredible voice of Ronnie James Dio, this album could be said to be a showcase for Blackmore's choice of partners. There are the obvious highlights (Stargazer, Light In The Black, Starstruck) and the Best Of collections seem to concentrate on them, but the underrated Tarot Woman ranks up there with the more noticeable high points. Why did they never do it live?? Buy it!! You won't be disappointed.
B00003CXFG|4.0|they really tried to give it something different and succeeded. The ship ripping apart on impact was stunning along with the planetscape horizons, overall effects good but the aliens did look a little fake when menacingly flying around. The sepia tones were a nice effect to convey otherworldlyness. I liked the characters and the script held up. Aliens rippoffs were kept to a minimum thank god for once.
0140042520|4.0|This is a free-spirited energetic, descriptive, tale  that was written just before the emerging 60s culture began to evolve and gain mainstream attention and followings.  Kerouac lived and did what he wanted in this story (and mostly in his life.) His description of Berkeley and the folks he encountered was interesting, and is full of youth, freedom, and the desire to experience.  This is a different read than &quot;On The Road,&quot; in the way it flows.  His train hops up the west coast, jaunt to North Carolina, and the hike with Japhy, can make one ruminate.  &quot;Raymond Smith&quot; was searching for some meaning to life in this book.  This piece was written by Kerouac when he still had energy and life left in him. I'd like to know a lot more about Gary Snyder, who is the character Japhy Ryder in the book.  I believe he's still alive.  The Dhamra Bums goes on everyone's shelf, with the Road, after you've read The Road.  Let it lure you to the Rucksack Revolution.
B00004T37H|1.0|Why do they always force you to give it one star at the least when this movie deserves a -10 at the most. If this film is rated PG-13 then I am 5 years old. I will admit that the animation of this film was very breathtaking but the story made all of that hard work fall to pieces. During this film I couldn't stop looking at my watch and wondering what kind of interesting nightmares this movie would produce. They only thing that kept me in the theater was that I paid ($) per ticket. I went to this movie believing it would be a very interesting tale of a warrior, humans and nature. I expected the film to leave me with some kind of moral making me feel bad for not being an environmentalist. The movie loss all meaning when I was hit with a wave of blood and gore. Not to mention the &quot;possessed&quot; boars covered with what appeared to be  moving hamburger meat. The one thing that truly made me want to scream was the sleepy stuff in the blind boars eyes. I found myself pleading with the characters to help the poor guy out and take the sleepy stuff out of his eyes. This movie should be rated R to say the least. One thing that scared me worse then the movie itself was after the movie when a bunch of 7 years olds said they loved the movie and couldn't wait to buy it. I think that fact horrified me the most. To sum it up this movie was a cross between a green peace infomercial and Mortal Kombat. DO NOT LET THE FACT THAT IT IS ANIMATION FOOL YOU INTO THINKING IT'S O.K. FOR KIDS 13+ TO WATCH THIS FILM.
B0000024TT|4.0|i first heard of cohen when he was referenced by kurt cobain. after checking him out i bought this album. i was taken away. this album is extrordinary. escpecially lyrically. let me just say that it got only a four because a) people are too generous with 5's and b) the middle 3 songs don t match up to the rest. that being said this album is great. lyrically few songs ever rival it. how many artist today can write songs with complex rhyme schemes and intangible metaphors. his voice is also moving. favorit tracks include 'master song' 'stories of the street' 'stranger song' and the final 'hey. one of us cannot be wrong' this album is a must for any song writer, lover of truly good music, one who enjoys poetry, or any essential colleciton.
B00000K0DT|5.0|A very clever film by Bryan Singer. When there is a crime, there are usual suspects. But this time, it isn't true. The suspect of the massacre in the harbor is &quot;the devil.&quot; Every little details of Verbal Kint's (Kevin Spacey) testimony leads to the surprising end of the movie, like pieces of puzzle being put together, but unexpected puzzle. No one, including the viewrs, has the full picture until the very last minute of the movie. You will definately watch more than once. You will love it.
B000002KDS|4.0|Whenever I put an Alice Cooper CD on I'm &quot;anticipating fun.&quot; And Killer comes through everytime. This band is weird in a wonderful way. Speaking of weird, how's this theory for why the singer's name is Alice: So that when the group is dis-banded, Vincent could retain the title of the group, thereby cashing in on the popularity of that name. Hey, I don't know if this is true or not. I made it up. I think that Alice would have been  big no matter what you called him. It's his talent. He's a great singer, and he's got a good singing voice. Everybody in the world should hear Desperado, Yeah Yeah Yeah, and Dead Babies at least once before they die. Michael Bruce wrote Be My Lover. He did a good job. Alice didn't write any of the songs by himself. But he did join in on writing five out of the eight songs. He and Michael were the perfect team when they wrote Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. The band had alot of guts to write and perform Dead Babies. It is horrifying to listen to a baby O.D. on aspirins and be buried in the ground wearing her &quot;burgundy and white&quot; dress. The chorus to this song could be the anthem to the anti-abortion movement. Aside from the lyrical content of Dead Babies, (which, by the way, is very appealing once you get past the guilt feelings for liking it) the CD would be lacking without it. What is up with Alice Cooper's facination with death? Maybe I should ask myself that question. After all, even though I like the music so much, I also like the pictures that the words paint. It's just the nature of the band. They are mentally ill. And they proudly sing about thier own journey in and out of insanity. Put Killer on, crank it up, and see if you don't love it to death.
B00001PE4D|3.0|Cruel Intentions takes an intriguing plot and makes it ridiculous by putting it in a highschool setting.  It is something of a mid-teen fantasy movie: it makes your average highschooler feel very adult when faced with &quot;peers&quot; Kathryn (Gellar) and Sebastian (Phillippe) playing the games of lust, deceit, and sexual ruination as if they really had any idea at 18 about real life.  Phillippe manages to pull off his character, but Gellar is completely unsuited for the role of the psuedo-enlightened highschool student.  The plot is much more suited to the setting of Dangerous Liasons, on which this movie was based.<br />Having said all of that, if you can get past the juvenile nature of it and watch the movie for what it is, it is still reasonably entertaining, and will still serve to occupy you for it's 97 minute runtime.
B00003CWL6|5.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; is the story of people who've given up their dreams, their very inner selves, for a lifestyle. <br />To a certain extent, my fellow readers, that describes each and every one of us, and that's what makes this film so haunting and effective. There's a little of each of us in these characters.<br />Anyone who lives in a fairly affluent suburban neighborhood knows people like the Annette Bening character, who prunes red roses with matching red shoes and gardening tools, and who is so uptight about her Martha Stewart-wannabe lifestyle that she won't fool around on the couch (God forbid they stain it).<br />And, yes, I see a lot of Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) in just about all of my neighbors, and in myself. How often have we wanted to shuck our jobs, smoke dope all day, buy a red 1971 Firebird, and chase cute young thangs? We all have, folks...fess up. The difference is that most of us never act on it; Lester does, and though it's a pure, adolescent prank at first, it eventually becomes something of a trip of self-discovery that leads indirectly to Lester's undoing. <br />It takes guts to do what you want to do, folks, and sometimes you pay the price, which Lester does...with his life. And although Lester reconnects with himself by the end of his life, he never reconnects with his wife (I suspect he doesn't want to), or his daughter, a girl so desperate for meaning and guidance that it's painful to watch.<br />&quot;American Beauty&quot; is hypnotic for a reason - to one extent or another, it shows us OUR lives. How can one not fail to be hypnotized by our lives on the big screen? How can you not wish you had the guts to do what Lester does?<br />Some have criticized this film for its cynical view of suburbia, but I see it as a challenge to move beyond typical concepts of happiness - all of which revolve around money and belongings in our culture - and decide what's really important for you.<br />I find that message uplifting.
B00004X01U|3.0|Track #1 &quot;Music&quot;.  Three stars.  Catchy and danceable, this tune sets the tone for the cd.  Party atomosphere is what this song is all about.  It's not the best track, but okay. <br />Track #2 &quot;Impressive Instant&quot;.  Three stars.  Another danceable track, but a bit more &quot;gritty&quot; sounding than &quot;Music&quot;.  Catcy vocal effects.  Sort of sounds like pin ball machine sounds with a rhythm.  You probably would never know this was Madonna singing unless someone told you, or if you had the cd.  <br />Track #3 &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;.  Three and a half stars.  This tune has the best rhythm of all the tracks, about the speed of the tune &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, but not quite as catchy, and her vocals aren't as ambitious as on the song &quot;Ray of Light&quot;.  <br />Track #4 &quot;I Deserve It&quot;.  Two and a half stars.  A moderately rhythmic, mostly acoustic, ballad.  The synthesizers that are used in this song sound a little like sirens, and are a bit annoying.  <br />Track #5 &quot;Amazing&quot;.  Three stars.  Similar groovy sound as the song &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot;, but with a heaftier beat.  <br />Track #6 &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;. Three stars.  Pure vocal effects in most of the song.  Not a dance tune, but not a slow song either.  Definitely memorable because of the vocal effects, b but I can't help but be reminded of Cher's song &quot;Life After Love&quot;. <br />Track #7 &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;.  Three stars.  At first, when the guitar starts this tune,  you might think your cd is skipping.  Fear not.  It's only the rhythm.  And it tricks you all the way through the song.  Although this tune has a folk feel to it, you can still dance to it.  This song sounds a bit like a Cheryl Crow tune.  <br />Track #8 &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot;.  Three stars.  Another fairly upbeat tune with a warm keyboard arrangement.  <br />Track #9 &quot;Paradise (Not For Me)&quot;.  Two and a half stars.  Some interestingkeyboard arrangements, but sometimes it sounds a bit like an old science fiction movie.  This is a slower tune with subtle vocal effects, however, isn't an exactly forgetful tune.<br />Track #10 &quot;Gone&quot;.  Two and a half stars.  Another acoustic track with a folk feel and some synthesizer effects that might suit a science fiction movie.  <br />Overall the cd isn't bad.  I feel Madonna just wanted to have a little fun here, and the cd is kinda fun.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Wow! Britney! Nice job! Yes, this is Brit's 2nd fab album! This time the sound is way more mature this time and has a little more R&amp;B edge to it.  This is the best present for anyone or just a small gift to yourself! Britney rules 4-ever!
B00003Q438|5.0|James Cameron has developed a reputation for turning out first rate action films.  OK, on one level, he does that.  However, if one examines his total output, it becomes obvious that the man likes love stories.  I haven't been able to find one of his films that does not fit that description.<br />Case in point: THE ABYSS.  The movie opens as a nuclear submarine is caught in the wake of an object moving at incredible speed through the water.  The sub regains navigational capabilities too late to prevent disaster.  Since a hurricane is on the way (Mr. Cameron does lay it on pretty thick), timely rescue from the surface is impossible, so an underwater drilling rig is dispatched to provide assistance.  The crew of the rig is to be under the supervision of Navy SEALs.<br />Sounds like a pretty good premise for an action movie so far, doesn't it?  Well, the SEALs arrive with the soon-to-be ex-wife of the drilling rig commander and the story takes a turn from that point.  <br />I won't give away too much.  Just know that I don't shed too many tears in action films as a rule.  This is an exception.  Get it.  You won't be sorry.
0783230710|5.0|Others have commented about the excellence of Apollo 13, one of the the best space movies ever made. Ron Howard has proven himself a master director, something you don't fully appreciate until you hear the DVD version in 5-channel sound (I've got the DTS version). The extended launch buildup is accompanied by incredibly dramatic music and sound effects, leading to one of the most amazing moments in aviation history--the first inch of a Saturn V liftoff. Six and a half million pounds of controlled fury, precisely directed. The intercut of crystal-clear NASA launch footage, the raw power, the personal reactions, the ice flakes shedding off the rocket, the SOUND, and the stirring music make the launch sequence a true goose-pimple affair.  I've watched it dozens of times and still can't get enough of it. This is film craftsmanship at its finest. (Be sure you hear it with a subwoofer).
B000000Y59|5.0|If you have ever listened to Bill Evans play before you will know the complex harmonies he is famous for along with impecable timing.  It is rare to find an Evans Album that one would not care for and this is no exception. If you like Jazz piano at its best this is a must for any collector.  If you like this, listen also to &quot;Waltz for Debby&quot; and &quot;Live at the Village Vanguard&quot;. This is the same Bill Evans one year after his famous sessions with Miles Davis in &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;
B00003CX8J|4.0|I never thought it could be done. X-men is better than blade, spawn, batman, and the crow, put together. Bryan Singer wasn't my first choice for directing this movie (I probably would have gone with richard donner), but after seeing it I am glad he was put in charge. This movie is the best since the original superman. You won't find as much action (or comedy) in any of the other comic based movies. I give credit to the big M, Marvel comics and stan lee, for giving us a great film. The acting is very good, not cheesy at all. Hugh Jackman is the new hero of the day, as he is the one and only WOLVERINE. I give credit to everyone involved in this movie. This is definetly the one to get, whether your a comic fan or just an action fan, x-men delivers.
B000003TAL|3.0|Wow.   two reviewers before me were not so impressed, either.  what are the odds of that happening?  I wouldn't say this is a bad album, but most of it bores me.  I dunno, it just strikes me as mostly a bunch of generic rock songs.  Even when the song structures get complicated it still bores me.  I like the sprawl, cross the breeze, providence, and trilogy- but to my ears most of the other tracks are not essential. And I hate Silver Rocket.  I can't articulate what it is I don't like about Daydream Nation, so I'll just say that I think it is their worst '80s album.     It seems most people consider this to be sonic youth's masterpiece.  But I'd say their best album is a tie between Evol and Washing Machine, with second place going to a tie between Bad Moon Rising and A Thousand Leaves.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|A very good fast-paced action thriller which is extremely entertaining. The special effects are very well picturized. The best sound effects ( if you have a good Dolby Digital 5.1 / DTS home theatre system ) I've ever experienced on a DVD- Best Among Dolby Digital DVD's (Like Twister and Saving Private Ryan). If you 're not very much concerned about the historical inaccuaracies in the movie and are watching movies just for entertainment go for it, definitely recommended.
B00004Y7SF|3.0|This is an okay Christmas album.  I love the 2 new songs that Christina did.  I cannot say that for the rest of the album.  It could have been better if she didn't over do it.  Her oversinging takes away and distracts from the songs.  It gets rather annoying after a track or 2.
0684853523|5.0|_On Writing_ was not quite what I expected. I have several &quot;how to&quot; books on writing, so I know what to expect out of one. This book surprised me. King spends less than 100 pages on the mechanics of writing. The first part of the book is a memoir of (certain parts) his life. And he follows the on writing section with a commentary on the accident that almost killed him. But just because he doesn't spend much time discussing how to write doesn't make this book unworthy of reading. In fact, it is one of his better books. Unlike his previous work of non-fiction, _Danse Macabre_, king's voice comes through. It's almost like you're sitting at a diner drinking coffee while stephen king talks to you about his life (and who wouldn't take a few hours from our lives to talk to the king). It's entertaining and informative. Anyone who is a fan of his will love this first section (titled C.V. and i'm still trying to figure out what it stands for). One of my favorite aspects of a writer is his/her voice in the work, and king has fully developed his voice for this one. And the final section, on living, is haunting. The conversational tone king used throughout the book is gone when we get here. Instead it's a more disembodied voice, almost like he wasn't involved in the accident and is just reporting it. I never realized how serious the accident was until I read this. This section touched me more than any other work king has done. He wraps the book up with a list of books he has read the past couple of years (and it is not surprising to see the range of his tastes) and an example of the revision process, from one of his own short stories. <br />I say you definitely have to pick this book up. It is his best yet.
0446364495|4.0|This is a book about true love.  Francesca Johnson, an Iowa farm wife, falls in love with Robert Kincaid, a photographer for National Geographic.  Neither of them mean for it to happen, but they fall in love for life.  This is the first true love story I have ever read.  It touched my heart and made me hope for a love like that someday. &quot;I have one thing to say, one thing only; I'll never say it another time, to anyone, and I ask you to remember it:  In a universe of ambiguity, this kind of certainty comes only once, and never again, no matter how may lifetimes you live.&quot;  Being of the female gender, I think every women dreams of a man saying things like this to her someday.  The idea of him being so certain that she is the one, really made me think.  In today's society, with divorce and cheating, the idea of certainty of love really catches my attention.  The fact that Robert knew she was his only true love and that he could never love anyone else really does make him an endangered species.  Robert was one of the last &quot;cowboys&quot;.   I loved this book and could not put it down, but I feel that someone too young would not quite grasp the true meaning of the book.
B00004Z4SD|5.0|With 'A Straight Story' David Lynch has redeemed himself forever.  No matter what I thought or said about his previous (and probably subsequent)work, he has more than made up for it.  'The Straight Story' is so pristine, so miraculously genuine, that it doesn't seem to be the work of the man who brought us 'Blue Velvet.'  Lynch seemed to be striving to outdo David Cronenberg in his fascination with sickos and his attention to the bizarre just around the corner from the everyday. He has managed, with 'A Straight Story,' to finally make The Great American Movie.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|This is an excellent CD.  Their music uplift you and takes you on a fun ride.  My favorite is &quot;The Animal Song&quot;.  It has an infectious beat and is really, really fun to listen to.  &quot;Two Beds and a Coffee Machine&quot; is a very somber song, but absolutely beautiful to listen to.  IF you enjoyed their first album, get this.  You won't regret it!
B000005S0V|5.0|I was so excited when I came across this import in the record store recently.  As much as I enjoy Elton's engaging songwriting, powerhouse vocals and consummate piano playing, I wanted a more broad overview of his chart successes all in one place on CD.  &quot;The Very Best Of Elton John&quot; is a very good start indeed.  This collection spans approximately 20 years from 1971's classic ballad &quot;Your Song,&quot; through the upbeat and inspirational &quot;You Gotta Love Someone,&quot; recorded in 1990 for his 4 CD box set &quot;To Be Continued...&quot;<br />Elton John is currently ranked as the #3 artist in pop music history, under Elvis and the Beatles, for the greatest amount of record sales.  He is a living legend, that continues to crank out beautiful pop ditties...even to this day.  I believe Elton has had a top 40 single for the last 24 years or so. In the 1970's he hold the record for an outstanding 7 consecutive #1 albums.  His longevity in the music business is rightfully deserved.<br />Among the myriad of achievements included in this collection is his stunning tribute to the late Marilyn Monroe, &quot;Candle In The Wind.&quot;  This song has been a hit record one time in the past 3 decades!  The original stripped down version (on this collection) originally peaked at #8 in 1973.  In 1986, Elton recorded it live with the royal philharmonic orchestra (#6).  In 1997, he re-recorded the classic honoring Princess Diana.  That classic recording became the longest running #1 of his career for an outstanding 11 weeks (one of the longest running pop singles of all time!).  <br />Disc 1 is graced with innumerable upbeat seventies feel good classics such as the jazzy &quot;Honky Cat,&quot; the danceable &quot;Crockadile Rock,&quot; and the relentless &quot;Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting,&quot; and the belting &quot;Bennie And The Jets&quot;(#1 tune from 1973).<br />&quot;Rocket Man&quot; remains an enduring classic that is a feel good anthum that takes thelistener to great heights.  &quot;Daniel,&quot; another beautiful ballad, showcases Elton at his most tender. The title track to one of his landmark albums, the stunning &quot;Goodbye Yellow Brick Road&quot; remains a staple in Elton's concert repetoire, even to this day.  &quot;Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me&quot;(#2) was an important hit record for Elton in the seventies, that he reprised in the early 1990's with hitmaker George Michael (which became even more popular the second time around, hitting #1)!<br />The majority of the songs on this suburb collection were penned solely by Elton John and his collaborator, Bernie Taupin.  There are several notable covers as well.  His version of the Beatles, &quot;Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds,&quot; is exquisite.  Elton also appeared and performed in The Who's classic rock opera &quot;Tommy.&quot;  His striking rendition of &quot;Pinball Wizard,&quot; serves as another highlight.<br />Elton's ode to Billie Jean King, &quot;Philadelphia Freedom&quot; is included.  This was a single release that only previously appeared on &quot;Greatest Hits Volume 2&quot; and &quot;To Be Continued.&quot;  This #1 classic has found its home on another CD compilation.  With frenetic intensity, he closes disc 1 with the showstopping &quot;The Bitch Is Back.&quot;<br />His #1 duet with singer Kiki Dee &quot;Don't Go Breaking My Heart,&quot; consummately begins Disc 2.  This is a bouncy pop tune that dominated the airwaves during the summer of 1976 and is one of Elton's greatest chart successes spending a month in the poll position on the charts.<br />Also included is the reflective &quot;Someone Saved My Life Tonight&quot; and what I perceive to be its counterpart, the lovely, &quot;Sorry Seems To Be The Hardest Word.&quot;  The only instrumental on the collection is the stirring &quot;Song For Guy,&quot; which graced the top 40 as Elton transitioned into the next decade.<br />Elton's popularity had its peaks and valleys in the 1980's.  Itbecame more of a challenge for him to ignite the charts in the way that his classic albums did in his 1970's heyday. Nevertheless, Elton forged onward and scored several significant and respectable chart hits.<br />Some of the hightlights from this era include &quot;I Guess That's Why They Call It The Blues,&quot; a beautiful ballad that features a great harmonica solo by another living legend, Stevie Wonder.  &quot;Sad Songs {Say So Much}&quot; kept Elton in the top 5 by the time the mid 80's rolled around.  &quot;Nikita&quot; is a fine slice of pop music that highlights Elton's stunning vocal arrangements and returned him to the top 10 in 1987(#7).<br />&quot;I'm Still Standing&quot; serves as Elton's comeback anthum.  He is reminding his listeners that he really hasn't gone away and that he is back with a vengence.  I distinctly remember when this song was released, because it was accompanied by a highly colorful and playful hit video of Elton in Venice Beach, California that was in heavy rotation in the early days of MTV/music television.  &quot;Kiss The Bride&quot; is a lesser known hit that resembles the former and has a playful energy to it as well.  By the end of the 1980's, Elton showed his resillence by topping the charts with the enduring &quot;I Don't Want To Go On With You Like That.&quot;(#2)<br />This fabulous collection also contains the radio staple, &quot;Sacrifice,&quot; a wonderful musically appealing track that appears on his studio album &quot;Sleeping With The Past&quot; and on his &quot;Love Songs&quot; compilation.<br />There are several adequate selections that don't seem to measure up to the majority of classics on this stunning set.  &quot;Part Time Love,&quot; &quot;Passengers,&quot; &quot;Song For Guy,&quot; and &quot;Easier To Walk Away&quot; are some wonderful tunes that I felt could have been tossed aside for some of Elton's more enduring classics.<br />There are several noticeable omissions that could have improved the collection even more (although this is a highly impressive collection documenting the artist): &quot;Border Song,&quot; &quot;Funeral For A Friend/Love Lies Bleeding,&quot; &quot;Levon,&quot; &quot;Tiny Dancer,&quot; &quot;Madman Across The Water,&quot; &quot;Island Girl,&quot; &quot;Mama Can't Buy You Love,&quot; &quot;Little Jeannie,&quot; &quot;Empty Garden (Hey Hey Johnny),&quot; &quot;A Word In Spanish,&quot; &quot;In Neon,&quot; &quot;Wrap Her Up,&quot; &quot;Healing Hands,&quot; and &quot;Club At The End Of The Street&quot;...to name a few!  This collection could have clearly been 3 CD's.<br />Ultimately, this a highly enjoyable listening experience.  For the most representative and eclectic mix of ballads and upbeat tunes representing 2 decades of Elton's music at the time, this is the collection. It is like 3 greatest hits compilations in one: the early seventies, the late seventies, and his eighties output. It is better than getting Greatest Hits Volume 1 and 2 combined because this collection also includes classic tunes from the 1980's.  The linear notes include the lyrics to all of the 30 songs represented on this outstanding collection.  A definite must for any pop music fan!!!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I am the first to admit that I am no Metallica fan.  I like my music much softer; Celine Dion being my favorite artist.  That being said, this is among my favorite CDs.  Metallica's raw power combined with a symphony produces a sound that is incredible in its intensity and it is a sheer joy to listen to.  The symphony will clash with Metallica, will blend, but neither overpowers the other.  My favorite songs are &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; and &quot;The Call of the Ktulu&quot;<br />Also consider the video of this CD.  It is the live preformance and it is a wonder to watch the symphony throughly enjoy themselves.<br />Even if you don't like Metallica, listen to this, it is amazing.
083351895X|5.0|I have owned Watchers from the first day it was out in book stores.  I've read it so many times that the cover and pages have become worn and faded which has caused me to buy another copy. Nora blooms in front of your eyes, Travis learns to love, Einstein finds a family and the best friends he could ever have, and the Outsider finally finds peace.  A suspensful and riveting novel sure to keep you at the edge of your seats.  Once you start you won't be able to stop.
B00003CX8J|5.0|I am a geek, however I do not bite the heads off chickens at local fairs.  The term has come to encompass quite a few meanings over the years.  In high schools it is used to describe academically inclined individuals with a slight build or those that fall outside of the &quot;in crowd&quot;.  In my time I have come to embrace these people as my own.  We are generally more interesting than the musclebound idiots that made our lives hell for those formative four years.  I don't hold grudges though.  I have actually come to appreciate the lessons I learned as a young geek.  I learned how to think myself out of uncomfortable and sometimes even dangerous situations.  I learned to use those things that seperated me from the mainstream to my advantage.  These qualities became the definition of my being all those years ago and have developed into the talents I have come to love and appreciate above all of my other attributes.  I also enjoy films with lots of action, humor and things getting blown up.  If this sounds at all like you; you too will love the X-Men.<br />This film deals with the core characters that even those who have just seen the Fox saturday morning cartoon will recognize. Storm, Rogue, Cyclops, Professor X, Jean Grey and of course... Wolverine.  Hardcore fans will undoubtedly miss their own favorite mutants, but I feel that Bryan Singer selected the best characters for the story and uses them, and their powers, beautifully.<br />Singer also realizes that the measure of heroes are the villains that they have to deal with.  Magneto and his league of evil mutants are sketched broadly, but with enough attention to the details to make them come alive and even seem sympathetic.  Fans of the comics will pick up on some very subtle nuances that Singer placed there for us while those new to the Mutantverse will enjoy the action and (very) cool effects.<br />The performances are dead on with Hugh Jackman standing out above and beyond everyone's expectations.  The long and short of it is that he just became Wolverine.  There were stories relayed from the set that he got so into his character that at one point he had actually sustained an injury while suspended in a harness and wasn't helped down for quite a while because no one knew he was actually hurt.  I am really looking forward to seeing him in other roles in the future.<br />The script was a little loose with some cheesey dialogue at times; but this is a comic book movie.  Some of that has to be expected.  Being the first film in the series the requisite broad strokes are there to set up the remaining flicks in the series.  I have to say that this was a far better set up than Phantom Menace.  If only Halle Berry had never asked &quot;Do you know what happens to a toad that gets hit by lightning?&quot;  The movie would have been perfect.<br />The suplements listed seem interesting and will include a &quot;documentary&quot; that was shown on Fox detailing Senator Kelley's political views on how to deal with the &quot;mutant menace&quot; as well as other nice little goodies.  (I am a geek you know.  I like my tech goodies)<br />At least give X-Men a rent.  I guarantee you'll be back and adding it to your cart soon.
0671722905|5.0|I took this play with me out on my morning walks this week, and I feel that at the same time I was excercising my body I was also giving my mind and my imagination a pretty good workout.<br />Like any form of excercise, reading Shakespeare isn't always easy, especially when you're just getting started.  But if you stick with it, you're apt to find that it gets easier and the benefits become more apparent.  Shakespeare's metaphorical language forces your mind to stay nimble and alert and his rich imagery gives you no other choice than to reconnect your soul to the world around you.<br />&quot;The Tempest&quot; is a lot of fun to read and it's not as weighty or ponderous as some of Shakespeare's dramas.  It's a good choice to start with if you haven't read Shaksepeare before, or if you haven't read him since high school.  The story involves Prospero, a duke who has been banished to a deserted island, along with his young daughter, Miranda.  Propsero uses his magic to shipwreck a party of ex-compatriates who were originally responsible for his ousting.  The ensuing drama deals with issues of loyalty, treachery, forgiveness, freedom, and the mind and body dichotomy.  But the best part of it all is the vivid imagery.  In the play's best moments, the words glow on the page.
0887309372|1.0|Just the thought that there could be a set number of &quot;laws&quot;, or that those laws are &quot;immutable&quot; is pathetic. The husband and wife team does a wonderful job of making it sound like they have discovered these fundamental truths about branding and the Internet. Any in-depth examination of these over simplified and sometimes-bizarre rules leave you only with an empty sense of their cleverness and no clearer idea on how to approach the challenges of branding. If you thought that you knew nothing about branding, and want some reassurance that there are people out there writing books who know even less, than definitely buy this book. Especially if you want help to try and take advantage of the clueless nature of many naive dot-coms who are susceptible to such mumbo jumbo.
B000001AKM|5.0|This is such a great album, the best song is three times a lady, especially the begin with the sentence &quot;thank you for the time that you've given me&quot; and the rest of the album is also great. Buy it, you won't regret.
0062502182|5.0|The Alchemist is best seller book. This book can give us the courage to dare our destiny and open a new doors in our life.This book made me think about my dreams and aspirations when I was young.I have three children all of them  are teenages and I recomended  the alchemist to them.
B000003TB6|5.0|This is my most beloved roots cd. The cover caught my eye, the music exactly as I imagined. I'm not really into jazz but I luv it when fused with beats and flows. If ya like A Tribe Called Quest, Gang Starr, the Jazzmatazz series, B-Boys &quot;Ill Communication&quot; ,Common.....   -you will adore this. My favourite track is &quot;Silent Treatment&quot; but it's all good.
0399146253|1.0|I am one of the legion of past Cornwell fans who are simply fed up with Scarpetta's tiresome psychological problems.  I began reading Cornwell's books because of thrilling plots and fascinating insights into forensic science.  Unfortunately, Cornwell now spends all of her time on the tortured relationships between Scarpetta, Lucy, the deceased Benton, and Marino.  If this is &quot;character development,&quot; I'll pass.  And please, enough with the Virginia Chief Medical Examiner being under constant criminal suspicion!  Ridiculous!  Unfortunately, Cornwell must not read the hundreds of negative reviews that all sound the same (or she's too rich to care), because she shows no signs of returning to the really superb writing that marked her first books.  Stay away if you liked the early Scarpetta.
B00004T8RK|5.0|Binaural is not a departure from any of Pearl Jam's other efforts. It's basically more material from who are arguably the best live act in the world today. The problem in Binaural is not the album: is that the world has outgrown Pearl Jam's music. Binaural is just more of the same. That's good news if you don't want them to change. The record has to be the more listenable since Vitalogy. Only a couple of songs I can consider filler, the rest is as good as anything Pearl Jam has ever done. Nothing as it seems: Powerful. Thin Air: Beautiful. Breakerfall: Catchy. Soon Forget: Hummable. Light Years: Solid. Insignificance: Addictive. Is a good record from a band that I believe has never release a bad one.
B00000IAU3|5.0|This is a really great CD.  I have many in my collection, but I listen to this a ton.  The best songs are 'Thank You' (Which is sampled in the Eminem song Stan), 'Here With Me' and 'Slide'.  But there isn't a single bad song on this CD flat out.  Buy it.  You won't be dissapointed.
B00004T37H|5.0|This movie is one of the best anime videos that I have ever seen. It's compelling story drew me in and the character design is flawless. This movie erned it's 5 star rating. And to the 12 year old reviewer from Texas I say that your mind must be the equvilent of that of a peice of broken glass. And 12 years old is too young to have a real boyfriend.
B0000028RR|5.0|RATM,pioneers of the rap-rock combo, make an excellent debut with this album.zack's lyrics are thought provoking and influential not to mention smart.tom morello's claim of 6 hours of guitar practice after school sure paid off.one of the best hard-rock albums ever released. all those so called rap-metal bands today cant hold a candle to RATM,the only rap-metal band you need to listen to.
0684853523|5.0|Fascinating glimpse into Stephen King's life and work. Funny, touching at times, and great common sense advice for writers! I loved every minute of it!
0440219078|5.0|I loved this book, because it made me think about how life would be like if everything wasn't the same, and there were no individuals.  READ IT -- you'll be glad you did.
B00004W50Z|5.0|The 1990 version of this CD was based on Glyn Johns' first mix, none of which was used upon the record's release in 1970.  This remastering restores the mixes that were originally used, including seven remixes by Johns and three mixes from engineer Todd Rundgren (or so the liner notes claim).  The 1990 version seemed to mix Garth Hudson's organ more to the front.  If you enjoy that CD, as I do, don't give it up when you buy this one.  This new version generally sounds great and it fixes some real problems in the earlier version, especially on the title track.  As others have pointed out, 'Stage Fright' is not nearly the accomplishment that The Band's first two albums were.  Having said that, it's still a terrific record with great singing and playing.  But The Band didn't have quite as impressive a batch of songs to record, and they spent far less time recording 'Stage Fright' than Big Pink or the eponymous record.  I would consider the majority of these tracks 'must hear'.
B00002E233|1.0|I really didn't care much for Deep Blue Sea.I've read a lot of reviews comparing it to Jaws.I won't.Even if there had never been a Jaws this would be a bad movie.I thought the acting was bad,the sharks looked bad,(the CGI ones,anyway)and director Renny Harlin has done much better.(i.e. Cliffhanger,Die Hard 2,The Long Kiss Goodnight)I think Samuel L.Jackson is a great actor,but his talent is wasted here.Saffron Burrows looks good,but her performance wasn't too great.That's about all,as there really aren't a lot of good things I can say about this movie.Of course,this is all just my own personal opinion,if you like the movie,great,but there are just so many better movies out there-so why bother with this one!
B00000JY1X|5.0|I saw the Magnetic Fields at Bumbershoot here in Seattle back over Labor Day weekend, not really knowing what I was going to see.  I had heard a couple of songs off of older albums that were entertaining, but a little too synth-y for my taste.<br />The show consisted almost entirely of songs from &quot;69 Love Songs&quot; (at least as far as I can tell) and I was completely taken in by the range of sounds, the great singing, and the humorous and introspective (if somewhat morbid) lyrics.  There are plenty of bits that stick happily in your head for weeks.  I highly recommend these albums -- there is not a weak one in the box.<br />I wish I could think of other groups to compare them with, but I can't really.  They share a slight bit of humor (and some low male singing) with Morphine, but the musical style is completely different.  I guess you'll just have to click on the various samples above to hear for yourself...
6303402348|5.0|Forrest Gump is an outstanding movie,and the best movie by director Robert Zemeckis.It's the story of a simpleminded man who manages to unwittingly get involved with most of the major events (in America)of the second half of the 20th century.(till the early 80's anyway)Tom Hanks does an excellent job as Forrest,as does Gary Sinise as Lt.Dan,and Robin Wright is outstanding as Jenny,the love of Forrest's life,who follows a different path in her life than Forrest.Sally Field is great as Forrest's loving Mama,and Mykelti Williamson does a great job as Forrest's best friend Bubba,(he met Forrest in the army)who was just as simple as Forrest.Those are just the standouts,the whole cast is very good.The music by Alan Silvestri is very good,and the rock'n'roll soundtrack is amazing.Overall,it's just a great movie.
B00004XONN|1.0|Just awful.  In past Radiohead albums one expected at least a few good songs, despite their superficial, fashionably vague and angry lyrics about modern alienation.  They've never really been very eloquent, now it's clear that they have nothing to say.  Kid A seems like an attempt to make a record like &quot;Heroes&quot; or &quot;Low&quot;, but Bowie made those after at least six great albums.  And both Bowie records have songs.  THERE ARE NO SONGS ON THIS RECORD.  So this is the future?  Please.  PiL made much  meatier, more pleasurable and humorous anti-rock records than this crap.  And why is Thom Yorke so pissed off?  Oh, how the anger and pain of being an international rock star moves me! Self-indulgence can be appreciated, if it's done with humor or good music or good lyrics. Their performance on Saturday Night Live (boy, that Thom is so mad and hurt and sensitive) and the absolutely, positively, extravagantly over-the-top godawful cover art reinforce the pretentiousness.  Just 100% awful.
B00000255F|5.0|It is next to impossible to say something fresh about \\"Born To Run\\" that has not been mentioned by the other 100 reviewers. \\"Classic,\\" \\"Masterpiece' and \\"Best of\\" are appropriate descriptions, but repeat them over and over, and they sound trite.<br />The target audience of \\"Born To Run\\" is very specific: baby-boomers. The album is by a baby-boomer, for baby-boomers and about baby-boomers. Springsteen chooses not to address the present, but the past: teenage years spent on the streets. The central character of \\"Born To Run\\" is not human, but inanimate: the car. The human characters are always in, on (as in \\"motorcycle\\") or near automobiles. The car may be a symbol of freedom, but the freedom is temporary, it's fleeting. The teenagers are doomed to a middle class life. The anger, power and frustration expressed in \\"Born To Run\\" is perhaps that of a teenaged Springsteen trapped in the dying seaside resort of Asbury Park, or the mature Springsteen (now 26 years of age) who tried in vain to break free of the past, but failed.<br />Springsteen's ability to lyrically and musically transport the listener a decade into the past is compelling. One can smell tire burning on asphalt, and exhaust fumes. One can feel the oppressive heat and humidity of an August night in New Jersey. The emotions of excitement, danger and exhilaration run through \\"Born To Run.\\" These emotions are nostalgic, exaggerated and most importantly, romanticized. One example of romanticizing is way the Springsteen presents danger. It is an aura of foreboding, not a factual account of a street fight. It is interesting to note that a \\"street fight\\" most likely would result in a bloodied lip and a torn pair of jeans. This is quite innocent (as are the other stories here) in comparison to today's city streets where gun play and death are regular occurrences.<br />The nostalgia, innocence and loss are emotionally mesmerizing, even painful. Teenage years fade quickly into adulthood where awl and hope are often replaced by cynicism and restrained responsibility. In an ill fated turn of historical events, Springsteen's characters (and the baby-boomers) do manage to \\"escape,\\" but not quite in the manner suggested by \\"Born To Run.\\" Instead of driving out of town in a sixty-seven Chevy with one's true love, escape (and \\"Growing Up\\") came quickly: it was a little thing called the Vietnam War.<br />Like the movie \\"American Graffiti,\\" \\"Born To Run\\" captures a very brief period including all the wonders of youth. Lost innocence is a romantic notion, and Bruce Springsteen is the master of teenage romance. Thanks Boss.eplaced by cynicism and restrained responsibility. In an ill fated turn of historical events, Springsteen's characters (and the baby-boomers) do manage to \\"escape,\\" but not quite in the manner suggested by \\"Born To Run.\\" Instead of driving out of town in a sixty-seven Chevy with one's true love, escape (and \\"Growing Up\\") came quickly: it was a little thing called the Vietnam War.<br />Like the movie \\"American Graffiti,\\" \\"Born To Run\\" captures a very brief period including all the wonders of youth. Lost innocence is a romantic notion, and Bruce Springsteen is the master of teenage romance. Thanks Boss.
B000002UJQ|5.0|In an earlier review someone said they couldn't see why this album has recieved some of it's prestiege. They gave the album two stars but said Paranoid Android was one of the best songs of the nineties. Ok, first of all if Paranoid Android was the ONLY song ON the album it would still be one of the best albums of all time. Secondly, to all of you thinking about buying it; every song on the album is very, very good. Sorry to all you radio fans, but if I had to name my least favorite song it would be Karma Police. It's just more standard where as the other songs expand the bounds of music and take you to different worlds. Karma Police does keep up with the overall desperate mood of the album. It's deffinitely a four star song. One note though, I only thought this album was &quot;ok&quot; the first few times of listening to it. Then I rediscovered it somehow and now I don't know what I'd do without it. It stands beside &quot;Siamese Dream&quot;  and &quot;The Wall&quot; as my favorites albums. Their new album &quot;Kid A&quot; is also extremely good. Another five+  stars for that one.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Had this album shipped from Amazon to the UK a few weeks ago after seeing Roswell High. Absolutely top album - strongly recommend.
B00003OSSL|5.0|Harrison Ford doesnt play his usual action hero role here, instead he plays a haunted and obsessed husband who wants to find out the truth at all costs about his wife's infidelity. This is an overlooked gem with a haunting adult theme that moves at its own pace while, it isnt for everyone - pays off in the end for the serious moviegoer. Kirsten Scott Thomas is the weak link as she seems to be over her head with the emotional laden part she is asked to play. Otherwise it is filmed wonderfully, has surprising depth and a wonderful score. Highly Reccomended.
B00004W3MS|4.0|this is some good stuff, not quite like anything you've heard before.  dont be put off by the fact that you can't understand a word they say on this album, the music and the pure emotion in the voices you hear speaks more than words can convey. the music is a bit darker and heavier than a few people may enjoy, especially if they've been weaned on a steady diet of popular american music
B00003CWOL|5.0|This is probably my favorite Kevin Smith movie.  I say this because it speaks a lot about faith, friendship, and the consequences of our actions.  Not to say there isn't a rubber poop monster in the film, because there is.<br />I think this film more than any of Smith's others has layers meant to be sifted through.  The dialouge is meant to entertain and educate us, at least that is what it did for me.<br />My favorite scene is with Damon and Affleck in the garage when Affleck's character has finally snapped and goes off on a rant about how mankind has forsaken God.<br />If you get the special edition, the deleted scenes are awesome including a powerful speech by Jason Lee's character about the nature of Hell and evil that is just another example of Smith's ability to write something truly meaningful.
B00004ZD69|4.0|these guys are amazing, enough said.  but since that doesnt make for much of a review, i'll just say this in addition. the music on this album is not for the impatient, though when talking about a band with tracks ranging from 16 minutes to half an hour, you could probably have figured that out for yourself.  i dont really know how to begin to describe this music except to say that this stuff isnt quite so sullen as many people make it out to be, low-key, definitely, but not extremely sad.  erik satie described something called furniture music.  you can walk around with it in the background of your life and simply have nice sounds as a background to your day, but if ever you want to, you can sit down and listen to it with your full attention and be rewarded with truly beautiful music.  i think that describes this band quite well.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Outstanding movie with a terrific ending, how many people actually noticed the subliminal Tyler's?  My buddy pointed out the one in the doctor's office, and I found the other's.  Besides the slick little tricks like that, this is an outstanding movie that's actually very subtle for being so in your face. I highly recommend it.  This is definately more of a &quot;guy&quot; movie, but it's simply unbelievable. If you hate your job, or your life in general, this movie will put in it in a whole new light.  At least rent it.  I don't think you'll regret it.
B00004SAOO|5.0|To say that this album is utterly brilliant would be an understatement. I don't think I'll ever get tired of listening to this stuff. Phenominal - almost too good to be true!
0375704027|5.0|There is something magical about this book. From the way it entered my life, the events that coincided with the reading, and of course, the story itself.  It is told with such magic and beauty you could call it dreamlike, but the characters and events feel increadibly real. At times I nearly cried, fell (more than) a little in love with Midori, and even threw the book across the room in frustration with the narrator's actions. But I would be impossible to stop reading. Really, I felt like a different person after reading this. Not many books can do that!
6302719631|5.0|I ran across this film in the 80's by pure accident.  I turned on Masterpiece Theatre, and since I felt so tired I put a tape in my VCR and promptly fell asleep - not because of the movie.  When I finally viewed the tape I watched it over and over during the next few weeks.  I am sorry to say I had not even heard of Jane Austen at the time.  Because of that movie, I have read every one of her books and seen any movie that was written from her books.  I can't be objective about the Northanger Abby movie because it was what first introduced me to Austen.  If I had read the book first, this review may have been different.  As it is, I love the movie.  It caught my fancy.  In fact, I bought the movie a few years ago, since my taped copy was wearing out from periodic watching and rewatching it over the years - especially the last scene. What a pleasure to see scenes I have never seen before!  The music - I love the music.  Music has always been able to get me in the mood of the story, and this music definitely set the scene for me.  I guess the unusualness caught my fancy.  Enough about the movie - just enjoy it with an open mind and no expectations.  Very seldom are expectation completely met.
B000002JS8|5.0|This album is on my top ten list of all time.  Not because I'm a fourteen year old,  but because i once was. This album always makes me feel like it's 1979 again.  Before Reagan, before Clinton, back when things were as complicated as &quot;will Allison Morgan ever notice I exist?&quot; It's a good thing to retain some aspects of your tormented youth. I encourage all males born between 1962 and 1970 to rediscover this great album and to go smash someone's mailbox. It will make you feel young again.
B000002UTY|5.0|From the opening bass riff of Who Do You Love, which screams out like the mating call of a large nameless creature calling upon all spirited freaky people to have fun, to the final \\"Thank you, good night\\", this song and album stirs up memories of wonderful days gone past.  If anyone out there has a time machine, I want to use it.  Take me back to the days when the music was spirited, live and jammed until the sun came up.  Take me to this show!  I wish I could have been there in person.  If you have never listened to this album, you have no idea what you are missing.  Buy this album!  Feel that thrill!
B000002OZY|4.0|I find it impossible to give an unbiased review of mano of these older albums.  For me so much depends on my reference point, and in the case of 'Tommy', it is the Ken Russell film, which I saw before I heard this 1969 recording.<br />In comparison to the film soundtrack, the original version sounds very thin, as the wonderful sleeve notes admit.  In this new remastered version, it is all beautifully clear.  Pete Townshend didn't play any piano or synthesizer on this version, and there is no orchestral backing.  So the only lead instruments we have are Townshend's (mainly acoustic) guitar and Entwistle's French Horn.<br />It needs to be heard in the context of the period and Townshend's aims.  It is an opera in the sense that it has far more to do with &quot;Godspell&quot;, &quot;Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat&quot; and &quot;Jesus Christ Superstar&quot; than it does with say. &quot;Sergeant Pepper&quot; or &quot;Let it Bleed&quot;.<br />There is more emotion in the vocal delivery of the film soundtrack, but then many of the performers were chosen for their acting ability rather than singing qualities.  And in this original version, rather like most Monty Python sketches of the time, all the parts -- even Tommy's mother -- are sung by men.<br />There are some great songs on this -- &quot;Pinball Wizard&quot;, &quot;Amazing Journey&quot;, &quot;I'm Free&quot; etc -- and the sleevenotes give a fascinating insight into the writing of some of them.<br />I would listen to the soundtrack for pleasure, and this version as a historic recording.  But that's purely because I heard the soundtrack version first.
6304097050|4.0|This biography has film clips of just about every Sugar Ray Robinson fight available, some extremely rare. However, most of the fights shown are of his middleweight contests.  These clips of Ray's bouts range from 30 seconds to 5 minutes. Brief news-clips of Robinson accepting an award or talking to reporters are also shown. Robinson himself (circa 1979, when the documentary was made) is interviewed frequently throughout the video, although his comments are sometimes a little dull. Most interesting remark is from Muhammad Ali, who freely admits that Robinson was the best boxer who ever lived.
B00004SU5J|5.0|Please experience this CD.  It will soothe your soul and help you to exit the box that you probably live in... Enjoy each note.
B000002IOW|5.0|Even though I have been listening to this album for 10 years and know every single note, rest and lyric to it, I am still amazed how fresh it sounds.  I discovered this album by chance in high school, and have listened to it a thousand times, and Still list it as my favourite album of all time.  Every song is a sonic pleasure.   While Rush did not win me friends (more like strange looks from friends), nor impress the girls, I have had this album as a constant in my life for a decade.  For years as an amateur writer, I have looked and listened to this album to keep me going and to inspire me.  Anyone who has ever liked ANY Rush song should have this essential album in their collections.
B0000019PA|5.0|It only took me two years to finally get around to hearing this album. How do I express what it has done to me? From the word go I was transported to Jeff's enchanted dream world. After the heartbreaking first track (the best song about childhood since tom waits &quot;i don't wanna grow up&quot;) I was shocked to hear the phrase &quot;I love you jesus christ&quot;. To the youth of today that is about the most punk rock thing you could say. That is the equivalent of jerry falwell hearing the new slipknot album. It just grabbed me from the start. His energy and passion are consistantly squeezed out through this entire album. This album is the real deal and yes thanks to this album i have to say. I love you jesus christ!(of course in the most non denominational spriritual way)
6302548195|5.0|Hello folks,I&quot;m trying to find this film!.Does anyone have a clue were i can find it,I would be Xtremly happy for an answer
6300208699|4.0|...but he's wrong when he says the final sketch shows &quot;a bunch of aristocrats feeding from a vat of blood and manure.&quot; There are two major misstatements here: (1) The people were not &quot;feeding&quot; from a vat of blood and manure. Instead, lured by a sign advertising &quot;Free Money&quot; they were diving after 5-pound notes that Sir Guy and Youngblood Grand had mixed into the revolting mess. (2) Since this horrific joke was set up in the middle of London, there was a fairly representative mix of economic classes wallowing in the offal, not just aristos. Be aware, though, that this is the grossest scene in the movie, but at least it's at the end. (I feel they were belaboring the point, anyway.) This movie contains some absolute gems, as good as anything the Python boys ever produced.
6303303463|5.0|Live at Wembly is Queen's best video performance.  It is that simple.  Freddie Mercury wows the crowd with his overwhelming  stage presence once more,  but this time he gives it everything,  it would seem.<br />Filmed shortly before Queen stopped touring,  this video is proof that they went out with a bang.  Their  greatest hits,  such as &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot;  and &quot;Seven Seas of Rhye,&quot;  Sombined with more recent songs such as &quot;Who Wants to Live Forever,&quot;  &quot;A Kind of Magic,&quot;  and &quot;One Vision&quot;  make this memorable to both the casual fan and the Queen veteran.<br />Quite simply,  everything about this video is great.  Were I to have any complaints,  it would be that there wasn't ernough footage.  However,  as with any live tape,  that is more or less to be expected.
B000002TLX|5.0|Being a singer myself and a songwriter it's hard to do both and Richard Marx is just a master at both. I mean if you want proof both Nsync and 98 degrees used one of his songs on their albums plus countless others. What's really great about this album in particular is that you  really do get his best. My two personal favorites are Touch of Heaven and of course my favorite love song of all time Right here waiting. So if you are a lover of music and are a romantic then get this CD you'll love it.
6302732786|5.0|Where can you find Roger Daltrey,  Metallica,  Extreme,  Annie Lennox,  David Bowie,  and so many others all in one place?  If there's another concert that brings these artists together,  I'd love to know about it.<br />The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert gather some of the greatest talent in the business together to raise AIDS awareness and pay tribute to one of the most powerfull men in music.<br />Queen's best music  is performed by the likes of Gary Cherone,  James Hetfield,  David Bowie,  and George Michael for a very power,  very emotional,  and very entertaining video.<br />Not just for fans of Queen,  this is roughly three hours of the giants of music.  The fact that they are here to pay tribute to Freddie is a nice bonus.<br />Unfortunately,  at this time,  the video is unavaiable.  Perhaps we will see a re-release soon,  as everyone should have a  chance to experience it.
080018789X|5.0|Jerry Maguire is a good movie on sports, Tom Cruise's performance was good, so was Cuba Gooding Jr.'s this was a good movie not for the little kids, to watch.....You'll like this movie.
014028902X|5.0|Ok your eleven years old and have to move from jolly old England to Greece. Ahh Greece with its meditteranean climate and diverse culture who wouldn't want to live there? Well in Mr. Durrell's book based on his experiences living on a tiny island in Greece, you get all this and more. &quot;My Family and Other Animals&quot; is a delightful and  amusing book that you just can't put down. In his book Gerald, as the naturalist wannabe in his younger days, stuffs spiders in his older brother's matchbox( you can imagine what happens when he tries to smoke)and scares his mother out of her mind with the exotic animals he brings home. He even ends up having a 'zoo' in his attic complete with snakes, owls, lizards and the occasional magpie. In conclusion, if your looking an amusing book to read that will also make you quite the intellectual (people dig others who are knowledgable about animals) than &quot;My Family and Other Animals&quot; by Gerald Durrell is the book you want.
B000002A46|5.0|I got this album in February and it hasn't left my CD player since. Her voice is just perfect for these songs. I don't think I've ever heard &quot;O Holy Night&quot; or &quot;Hark The Herald Angels Sing&quot; sound so beautiful. The choir backing her is wonderful without drowning her out. I'm not a huge Mariah Carey fan, but she has done something magical to these songs.
6305127689|5.0|Well, you can simply find every human element in this fantastic story: love, friendship, family relationship, battle, competition, lose and find, live and die, pride and honor. Maybe some other guy may say it's too straight, not complex enough, but hey, life is complex enough, why we can't come back to where our real heart is? This is the only movie I can go through again and again, and again. Great sound, great music, great script and great picture too. If I have only one DVD for collection, this would absolutely be the one!
B00004ZEQX|2.0|I would actually give this movie a 2 1/2 stars.  Out of all the recent Italian Horror movies that my friend has bought recently, this is by far the best one yet.  It does have the suspence that a good horror should have.  The makeup isn't bad either.  I would also say that parents need to review the movie for themselves, prior to letting their children watch it, as it is very grusome, and gory.  The movie portrays a couple of movies and gave them thier start.  One of those movies would be &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot;.  By the time the movie comes to an end, you are cheering for the little boy.
B00004XOWM|4.0|This CD is great, for the most part. If you listen to the whole 3 doller bill ya'lls, then this, you can see how they have grown. It is very much like S.O ( the last CD ) Some slow songs, heavy songs, rap songs, and a mix of all them. The song &quot;Rollin&quot; their first single, kinda gives an idea for the whole album, if you like both of limps other cd's, you will most likely like this one.
B000002H72|5.0|Dootlittle is 1 FINE album! I remember playing this nonstop 1 summer and never got tired of it. I refused to get into the Seattle Grundge thing but this album was loved by the grundges guys in the dorm. I was also lucky enough to see them live
078062565X|5.0|This movie is fantastic. <br />Well polished storyline impresses us with pyramid of power and terror. Savage islanders (maybe politically incorrect but I never mind) fear him by heart. Mighty dinosaurs (surely scientifically wrong but I never mind) are easily slain by him. He is King Kong, the Eighth Wonder of the World! Though I don't have particular fondness for stop motion animation, I thought visual effects are great. Essences of VFX for gigantic materials are perspective, points of view and contrast with smaller / nearer objects, and this film is filled with very clever examples of them.<br />And this movie is cruel.<br />You see, that huge ape is not responsible for disaster in New York. Totally not. He might be horrible tyrant in Skull Island, but he never hoped to visit Big Apple. All of tragedies of later part were basically done by human arrogance, and nobody in film feels sorry for poor Kong. But this selfish cruelty effected as an unplanned pathos, invited unexpected sympathy of audience and made this movie a forever masterpiece. Never miss.
0441172717|5.0|This was truly a classic Sci-fi book. Frank Herbert has created a whole new world to get lost in, and boy is it interesting. Imaginative ideas abound throughout and the plot is very tightly woven. A whole galaxy is out there involved in the conflicts the book presents and the different houses are well-portrayed. <br />My only wish is that we had more Frank herbert books in this series and less books by his son and a hack Star Wars writer.
0962477060|5.0|Fretboard Logic SE is a great book that manages to distill a vast amount of information into a very concise and usable form.  In a way, it's like a Rosetta Stone for the guitar.  As I read the book, I &quot;felt the light go on&quot; over and over as bits and pieces I'd picked up over the years clicked into place and I began to understand how they related together.  <br />It covers a method called the CAGED system, which uses barre forms of the C, A, G, E, and D chords (thus the name).  These chords are movable as a block to anywhere on the neck, the benefit being that you always know how to find a chord near where your hand is currently on the neck.  <br />Building on the CAGED system are various major and pentatonic scale forms, so that you can easily play runs - which are the basis for solo, riffs and improvising.  <br />It gives sensible explanations of music theory and how it pertains to playing the guitar.  Building upon this he shows how to form the common chord types - (major, minor, sevenths, etc) in any key.<br />It's opened up the guitar for me.  I've only been playing my acoustic guitar a couple months, and I can sit and watch a guitarist on TV now and understand what I see him doing.   I may see his hand on the fretboard and notice that his hand is making an E form, moved to the 8th fret.  Sometimes I can make out that it's a 7th by hearing it.  That's something I can reproduce immediately or later.  Or I can (slowly) improvise along with a song I hear by using the pentatonic scales I've learned.  I can hear and see the chord progressions from I to IV to V and back.  <br />You'll still need lots of practice to toughen and strengthen your fingers and hands and to make them quick and limber, but Fretboard Logic SE is a great book to start with or to brush up with if your more advanced.  It will save you a great deal of frustration and make your learning quicker and more productive.
B00004XOWM|5.0|this cd was awesome, with the big hit Rollin and My Generation, Limp Bizkit rocks with there odd titled Chocolate Starfish and the Hot dog Flavored Water??? This CD is a must have people!
B000031XCR|2.0|I've been a Celine fan for a while, but this album wasn't as great as I expected it to be.  I really like all the &quot;hits&quot; that she put on the album, but I couldn't find myself enjoying the new 7 songs that she put on it.  It just wasn't my cup of tea, although it was Celine style.  If you like Celine's hits, but not all of her songs, I wouls say that this is a good pick, because I got it only because I wanted all her hits on one album.
0060930187|5.0|Simply written but plenty wrought with that which is involved in coping with adult life.  This ironic to the prevailing suicidal theme in the novel.  The thoughts are by someone who is coming of age.  This book is a must read.  It is not only about a woman nor a suicidal person.  It is about an fallible human and her raw inner thoughts about happenings around her.  The genius is in Sylvia's objectiveness and her sharp unwitting intelligent remarks!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|OMG! This is one SPECTACULAR album! If you're a huge Savage Garden fan, it's a must get. It's different from their first album, in a good way. There are more mellow songs, which relax you, and the up tempo ones are ones that you'll enjoy tapping your feet to. The first single off the album was &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; which I thought sounded a lot like &quot;Truly Madly Deeply&quot; from their first album. That was my favourite song, so it was a good reminder to how great Savage Gargen is. I went and got the album and then I listend to &quot;Affirmation&quot;. What a brilliant song! I didn't listen to the rest of the album, cause I kept repeating &quot;Affirmation&quot;. It's THAT good. I finally decided that I should listen to more of the songs, and my next favourite song is &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; just cause it's a really cool ballad with a beat. And my ALL TIME FAVOURITE song off the album was &quot;The Animal Song&quot;, which was found on &quot;The Other Sister&quot; soundtrack. That is one heck of a song. I love listening to the beats and Darren Hayes just has a voice that mesmerizes you...for all we know, he could be singing the phone book, but he's incredible. A definite must for your CD collection.
B0000508U6|5.0|Amazing album! Chris Martin's voice just floats over the music, it sends you into another world- just great. Good album to chill with. Similar to old school Radiohead and a little David Gray.
0446525537|5.0|This was my first Nicholas Sparks novel. It was wonderful, I could not put this book down!! It was a wonderful inspirational message to all as well as one of the most touching love stories I have ever read. I have reccommended this book to many friends who love this type of story. Hats off to Sparks on this book! I can't wait to read his other books.
B00004XONN|5.0|Before hearing the music of &quot;Kid A,&quot; I had never liked anything by Radiohead.  But once I listened to &quot;Optimistic&quot; (the first single off this CD), I had to buy the album.  I was blown away by the aural brilliance of every 'song'.  But to truly appreciate this CD, it must be take in as a whole.  The collection ingeniously segues from song to song, sometimes using the extreme contrast of neighboring tracks as the segue.  After I think I have finally grasped &quot;Kid A,&quot; I will definitely get Radiohead's other albums.
B000002H3E|4.0|This is not as heavy as Tooth and Nail but it is much more polished.  If you prefer the polished sound then this disc is perfect for you.  I prefer Tooth and Nail based on the sheer crudeness of that disc.  Under Lock and Key does provide a few really quality songs starting with In My Dreams,  Lighting Strikes Again and finishing with It's Not Love and Til The Living End.  Tooth and Nail and Under Lock and Key are definatly Dokkens best two discs.  Classic.......God Bless
B00004Y2QT|5.0|lived up to the name PRINCE. was a great show and the extra features on the dvd are so cool. the first time i heard him was in 1980. ive been hooked ever since. he never lets me down, and his new views on the music biz hit head on. congrats to the MAN for his new years eve show, and keep them coming
630027120X|5.0|I have a son who is a very devout Christian, bless him.  He saw this with me when he was still at an age where he was sure that every religions issue could be reduced to black and white decisions.  At the end of this movie I asked him what he would have done.  Would he have been Jeremy Irons or Robert De Niro?  I think the power of the movie can be found in his answer, &quot; I honestly don't know which path I would have chosen.&quot;  Rather than tell you what the paths were, I strongly recommend you see the movie and then ask yourself the question.  Along the way, you can listen to Ennio Morricone's haunting soundtrack, especially the song &quot;Gabriel's Oboe&quot;.  Later you can buy the music, too.
B00003CXE7|3.0|Good movie.  Good fight scene but short and also changes angle so much that you really can't enjoy the fight scene.  Second, the female characters in Braveheart is a class above the lame duck(s) in Gladiator.  Why would an empeoror even want to bed his average looking sister when there's so many knockouts in Rome?
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit's third album &quot;Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water&quot; is just flat out awesome.  The best songs are &quot;Rollin'&quot;, &quot;My Generation&quot;, &quot;The One&quot;, &quot;My Way&quot;, and &quot;Boiler&quot;.  I see people writing about how bad Fred's lyrics are and my question is:  What are you looking for?  In &quot;Rollin'&quot;, Fred's saying that Limp Bizkit's here to stay and if you wanna compete with them you're going to have to step it up a notch.  &quot;My Generation&quot; is basically saying that the kids of this generation do deserve some respect.  Finally, &quot;My Way is saying that people need to stand up for themselves.  Yeah, Fred's excessive swearing does get old sometimes, but it only gives more emotion to the songs.  I got the CD the day it came out, and I haven't stopped listiening to it since.
0449002632|5.0|While the technique of this book is much more like Sarum than I expected, it was nevertheless very entertaining, a &quot;can't put it down&quot; read.
B00003CXDG|4.0|Seeing: Impossible -2 in theaters this past summer, the film took a long time to get out of its second  act duldrums.  Opening with a bang, the movie did slow down quite some bit into the first hour.  I also, due to my own fault, saw a rather late veiwing of the film.  This probably hindered my enjoyment factor, despite being a fan of director John Woo.          However, with the relaese of the MI-2 DVD, I have a new found appreciatiion for the piece.  The movie, although long and a bit slow at imes, delivers cinemattic action the likes of which have never been seen before.  The stunts, gimmicks and unparalelled action sequences are more than entertaining, they explode across the creen.  The John Woo stamp is obviously here.  The ballet of slow motion sequencces that Woo is known for encite such emotions as romance, drama, intensity, and desperation. Seeing MI-2 was much more entertaining this time around.        In adition to the film, the bonus materials are well delivered in their menus as well as being interesting.  As we are repeatedly convinced of Tom Cruise' willingness to put himself in danger for the sake of his work, the bonus chapters take us through some of the film's over the top action sequences.  This provides a treat to those fans of both Tom and the combination of unique stuntwork and film making.       This mission, should you choose to accept it, is one worth taking.
0449000729|5.0|This book is a wonderful survey of life in England, covering an enourmous sweep of history, and yet focusing in on individual lives and tying the pieces together in a compelling way.
6301161572|5.0|This version is possibly the greatest I've ever seen. I cannot  say it definately, because I also couldn't resist the version with Riccardo Muti.   This version is staged in a really good way too. There is one thing about it that is ultimate: the translation. I can speak some Italian, &amp; the translation is like none other than I've ever seen before. Rugerro Raimondi is absolutely perfect for the part of Don Giovanni. He has a beautiful baritone voice, he can act  really, really good, &amp; he looks exactly like what I have pictured Don Giovanni.   Jose Van Dam is great as Leporello. He is a very good bass, &amp; has good acting skills.  Kiri Te Kanawa is the best person ever for Donna Elvira. I have  loved her singing for a great long time, &amp; have wanted to see a version of Don Giovanni with her in it for a real long time.  If you're wondering who the valet in black is, he is one of the servants of Don Giovanni who doesn't run away in the dinne scene with the Commendatore, &amp; watches.  This is such a good version of Don Giovanni, &amp; you really would love to see it. If you don't know wich version of this opera to get, then take my advice, &amp; get this one.
B000006FYP|3.0|This movie was entertaining however I have always prefered the dark gothic Batman.  This movie is more like the Roger Moore Bond films.  They weren't bad per-say, but the others were better.  Worth watching to see Tommy Lee Jones as Two-face.   However this Batman lite formula did not work twice.  The follow-up film, Batman &amp; Robin was atrocious and must be avoided at all cost.  It sounds like,hopefully, the next film, Batman Year One, will go back to the Bat-basics.
0064407667|2.0|I bought this book because the jacket sounded hilarious.  Unfortunately, this was not the case.  Written for a younger audience, even youngsters with a good vocabulary would probably find this book dull and condescending, with its vocabulary lessons every page or two (if you haven't read the book, trust me, every other page there is a word that is given, along with is definition...this gets really old after the second chapter).<br />While I thought that the unfortunate events that kept happening throughout the book were funny, the book couldn't hold my interest.  I kept waiting for something more to happen.  Also, the whole notion of one's legal guardian trying to marry them really turned me off.  I thought that was quite repulsive.<br />For Dahl fans who liked the book Matilda, maybe this one will be sufficient.  However, I cannot give this book more than two stars.
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix is a very entertaining movie.  It has great martial arts sequences and John Woo inspired gun sequences.  The story of this movie is solid and very intriguing.  The dialogue is where this movie stumbles horribly.  The philosophical lines are just horrendous.  Example:  &quot;I can only show you the door, you're the one that has to walk through it.&quot;  This trite nonsense just takes away from the action.  These one-liners are sprinkled through out the movie.  You may say I have to lighten up, but great dialogue could have made this movie perfect.  The story is there, the acting is there, and the action sequences are there.  The influence of this movie can already be seen.  The wire work is extensively used in other movies, such as Charlies Angels.  I saw Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and I have to say The Matrix just doesn't cut it.  Well-worth seeing more than once, but just don't listen to what the characters are saying.
B00002NDB1|1.0|This is the worst album I never heard. I don't recognize anymore the band that made me feel the shivers with his music, with his originality, with his great playing. Steve Harris have exhausted his ideas mine. But I believe that Maiden's end is called Janick Gers and Blaze Baley.
B000001Y79|5.0|When I bought Tragic Kingdom, it was the first cd I ever bought with my own money.  Even know, a few years later, I think it's one of the best buys I've ever made.  <br />The entire album is full of songs that all leave an impression on you, and end up sticking with you long after the cd has stopped spinning.  The songs are absolute classics, with a bright rock edge.  There are no sappy lyrics written by who- knows here, it's all stuff from the heart.<br />I highly recommend this album.
6304806442|5.0|this movie is kind of its own &quot;...&quot;:  dark, dirty, humorous, and comes down hard.  Buy it and get hooked.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I bought this album the day of release, and I was thinking about it ever since I got Significant Other last summer.  I was already aware of the singles (&quot;Rollin' &amp; &quot;My Generation&quot;) but I wasn't too sure about the other tracks.  After the first couple times I listened to the entire record I wasn't really convinced that Limp did a very good job.  But it's now been almost 3 weeks, and I have not gone a day without listening to this ablum at least three times!  Over time this record grew on me even more than their previous.  So if your still kinda &quot;ify&quot; on this ablum, try it out and I'm sure it'll begin to grow on you as well. Limp Bizkit definately shows promise! You know what they say, third time's a charm.
B00004KD1L|5.0|Every track is awesome in it's own way.  buy it.
B00004X01U|3.0|This is one album that I would have to review each song individually, and average the scores:<br />1.  Music-  It shocked me the first time I heard it, but I like      its attitude and throwback to breakdance music.  4 stars.<br />2.  Impressive Instant-  I think it's a little sloppy, and that      &quot;I'm in a trance&quot; line gets on your nerves, but this song is     still an interesting experiment.  3 stars.<br />3.  Runaway Lover-  Too cliched for my tastes.  2 stars.<br />4.  Amazing-  Madonna needs to go to group therapy sessions      regarding her self-denial about repeating herself.  Still     not a bad song.  3 stars.<br />5.  I Deserve It-  A little too wistful, but I like this song     more than some of the upbeat stuff.  Those weird techno      overlayings detract a bit, but add some continuity and      depth.  4 stars.<br />6.  Nobody's Perfect-  I hate the beginning part, that sounds     like a Calgon commercial.  The rest of the song is fine.     4 stars.  <br />7.  Don't Tell Me-  It's been chosen to be the next single, so     there must be something there that is worthwhile.  The video     might make the song better, as in the case of Nothing Really     Matters from Ray of Light.  3 stars.<br />8.  What It Feels Like for a Girl-  I love the intro, and Madonna     gets to play a mother figure for Britney Spears, Christina     Aguilera, and the like.  4 stars.<br />9.  Paradise (Not for Me)-  This song is so annoying.  There are      good moments in it, but Madonna's vocal sounds like she's      been tortured for hours on end.  1 star.<br />10.  Gone-  A little too twangy for my tastes.  I dislike the      first line, &quot;Selling out is not my thing&quot;, which makes       Madonna sound like an aging hippie folk singer.  3 stars.<br />This album gets an average of 3 stars.
6304297912|5.0|this movie is its own &quot;smack&quot;:  dark, dirty, humorous, and comes down hard.  Buy it and get hooked.
B00003CX8J|4.0|The Plot: Erik Magnus Lehnsherr(Ian Mc Kellen) who`s is a different person than anyone else with a power in him. Who become an ruthless villian also known as Mangneto, he has three different powerful villians working with him, Victor Creed/Sabretooth(Tyler Mane), Mortimer Toynbee/Toad(Ray Park) and Raven Darkholme/Mystique(Rebecca Romijh-Stamos). But these people with different powers all sort of knids, also known as mutants. A man named Logan/Wolverine(Hugh Jackman in a standout performance) meets a young troubled teenage girl named Marie/Rogue(Oscar winner Anna Paquin), she can held by touching anyone and she also dangerous, once she gets held, she could kill that person. But the both person meet different warriors are good, they used thier powers for good. Dr. Jean Grey(Famke Janssen), Scott Summers/Cyclops(James Marsden), Orono Munroe/Storm(Halle Berry) and Prof. Charles Francis Xavier/Professor X(Patrick Stewart). Also known as the member of an letter X as X-men. Mangneto is planning something more than evil and death, but he needs one of good mutants to set his gold. DVD`s will have Deleted Scenes and a lot more extras on the DVD. An good original fantasy film, directed with visual style by Bryan Singer(The Usual Suspects, Apt Pupil).<br />DVD`s has strong anamorphic Widescreen(2.35:1) transer and Excellent Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround. A must for Comic Book fans. Grade:B+. Super 35.
0393314804|5.0|from the start, the reader is pulled into a world of addiction and depression.  The novel closely resembles the drug it so often mentions.  This literary &quot;smack&quot;, once read, is dark, dirty, humorous, and comes down hard.  Read it and get hooked.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|My Kind Of Christmas, is an incredible album, Christina as once again proven that she is one of the best vocalists in music today, This is the only CD that I own that has so many different styles of music, there's is Jazz, R&amp;B, Gospel, and of course Pop. Christina's vocals is what send this cd to the next level, I do wish the cd was a little bit longer, maybe add a few more traditional songs, but overall is a great indication of things to come from Christina. Dionne Warren has returned and written a new song for Christina on this cd, she's the one who wrote &quot;I turn to you&quot; and she has done it again with &quot;These are the special times&quot; a song I think could be on any album not just a christmas album. I know a lot of people will be listening to this cd, way past christmas time. :-)
B000000HZZ|4.0|One of the many virulent criticisms levelled at Japan in 1981, that they were merely riding Roxy Music's musical chariot, turns out to be this album's secret key.  It is in fact the supremely polished production job (by Roxy's one time producer) and the elegant, intricate arrangements that allow this album to successfully stand the test of time: like Roxy's &quot;Avalon&quot;, &quot;GTP&quot; can be slipped on and the listener transported to a unique, romantic otherworld.  It is an album of cooly distanced reflection and strangely personal tumult, girded by the ingenious use of technology (nobody could twist the Prophet synthesizer like these guys) and sometimes flabbergasting musicianship, especially from the rhyhm section.  Listening to how the caffinated fretless bass locks with the whiplash polyrhythms is an exercise in laughter, smiles and astonishment.  A transitional album, &quot;GTP&quot; borrows heavily from Satie for the mournsome &quot;Nightporter&quot; and it works beautifully. A collaboraton with Ruyichi Sakamoto on &quot;Taking Islands In Africa&quot; shows what a sublime worldwide phenomenon Yellow Magic orchestra could have een if they'd only had a decent singer.  Ripping Bowie for the descending chords of &quot;Burning Bridges&quot; is not quite as successful.  However, this is more than compensated for by the clever, almost winsome drive of &quot;Swing&quot; and &quot;My new Career&quot; and two tracks in particular, &quot;Methods of Dance&quot; and the title track, are classics.  the American version inserts two instrumentals from a 45 release in the middle, which breaks up the album somewhat uneccessarily but they are both lovely in a b-side sort of way.  Fans should note that one of tracks left off the album, a wonderful ballad &quot;Some Kind of Fool&quot;, is now available on David Sylvian's retrospective, &quot;Everything and Nothing.&quot;
B00003CXDG|3.0|John Woo set out to make the second in what I suspect will be a long running francise of films with modest intentions.  1) Dumb down a plot which he saw as unnecessarily intricate, 2) up the action and 3) create warm, more compasionate charcters.  And he's succeeded on all fronts, but to the detrimate of the film.  You needn't be worried about getting lost in the story because it's so simple that even a child could navigate it's way through, which in light of Congressional discoveries could've been their (Paramount's) target audience all along.  There's a good side to this though.  After all, how often do you hear a gasp followed by &quot;Plausible!&quot; instead of &quot;Cool!&quot;  The rational is that by relaxing on the plot we can justify settling in and enjoying it for what it is - a popcorn movie.  This way the director doesn't have to concern himself with the little details, like 'why does Tom Cruise put on a pair of sunglasses amidst an intense action sequence?'  The story (or what there is of it) revolves around Ethan Hunt and his beautiful accomplice (Newton) who's mostly just window-dressing, though I think she was intented to be more.  Hunt's nemisis - an Aussie baddie hot after an Ebola-like virus and it's cure, in hopes of extorting millions from a chemist who plans on unleashing the virus and cashing in on the antidote.  It's sounds deeper than it really is, as in one scene it's asked if it's that simple and a smirking Tom replys, &quot;Why not?&quot;  Why not indeed.  After all, the story's just an excuse for death-defying stunts and good old-fashioned white-knuckle action the likes of which we haven't seen since the Die Hard trilogy and that Mission: Impossible 2 has - in spades.
0804106304|4.0|The Joy Luck Club by Amy Tan, although very perplexing at times, is one of the most gratifying and heartwarming books I have ever read.  This book explores mother-daughter relationships of four Chinese families, as these women share their struggles and triumphs, their miseries and ecstasies and their regrets and hopes.<br />This story begins in China where these four families, although diverse in class and stature, share the same fear of the indefinite outcome the war against the Japanese would bring upon their families.  Trying desperately not to lose hope in America after escaping that war, Suyuan, along with the four other Chinese women, create the Joy Luck Club.  Here, the daughters of these women learn of their mothers' painful pasts, as each women tells their story, which reflects great themes and morals.<br />These themes vary from quitting to coping with men in  arranged or tough marriages to gaining repect from elders.  Along with Tan's mesmerizing themes, her juxtapositions and ironies between the stories told by each mother and daughter bring out the many conflicts and regrets each character lives through.  For instance, all stories share one specific theme that can only be uncovered by the juxtapositions and ironies used in each story: mothers want their daughters to live happier and more successful lives than themselves, however, although the mothers try to do so, the daughters always wind up becoming more or less like them.  Yet, what remains the same is that all mothers have good intentions towards their daughters.  Similarly, Tan's addition of culture into her novel also helps the reader to experience how difficult it is to live by  the &quot;rules&quot; and customs of their culture without losing the repects of their parents and loved ones.  Many of the characters suffer from arranged marriages or disrespecting their parents and by custom, are banished from the family, yet they must learn to live with it.  Equally, her writing techniques for each story can put the reader inside the shoes of that character making each story more memorable than the last.  All these themes, juxtapositions, ironies and culture, along with her unique writing style come together and result in a very powerful book for all readers with open hearts to enjoy.<br />However, this novel is quite lengthy and can also be very confusing if the reader does not keep track of the many characters involved in each of these stories.  Any reader who is willing to take the time to read this novel will realize that it is worth it!
0783241399|4.0|Playing Rubin &quot;Hurricane&quot; Carter, a real-life boxing champ who spent nearly 20 years in prison for murders he didn't commit, Washington has his richest role. And he plays it to perfection, albeit not in a showy way (aside from an awesomely chiseled set of abs). Like Tom Hanks, Washington has mastered being the still center of a film, waiting, waiting and waiting for his moment.<br />Take the scene in which a teenager (Shannon) who has taken up Carter's cause after reading his autobiography comes to see the fighter for the first time at his New Jersey prison. Carter sits quietly in a rear corner of the visitors' room and, by sheer force of will, draws the young man to him.<br />Powerful and ultimately quite moving, Hurricane dawdles a bit in getting to the heart of its story, which is the transforming relationship between Carter and the youth, who, like Carter, comes from an impoverished background.<br />Both must find resources deep within to survive. &quot;It's very important to transcend the places that hold us,&quot; Carter counsels the teen, who, along with a trio of righteous Canadians who have befriended the fighter, will discover evidence that will finally overturn Carter's conviction.<br />An important film layered with probing issues.
B00003CXB2|3.0|*Lawrence of Arabia*  is the last word on movies that take place in the desert, for now and all time.  David Lean rigorously shot the film -- you feel as if he omitted nothing . . . geographically, at least.  At times it's as if the entire Sahara was captured by the camera lens.  There's that famous wide, wide shot of the lone figure of Lawrence as a speck trudging along the razor-thin horizon of blinding sand and azure sky.  Visually, it's all very magnificent.  Thematically, it's problematical.  I'm not so sure that T.E. Lawrence needs to be so dang  &quot;mysterious&quot; -- does this personage really warrant such mythic ambivalence?  I, for one, would've liked to have known WHY this Englishman was so driven to gratuitously interfere in conflicts of which he had, in the final analysis, no business interfering in.  This subject matter demands answers, not  &quot;hey, this dude was mysterious, so YOU figure it out&quot;  laziness.  The  &quot;director's cut&quot;  issued in 1989 only added more magnificent desert waste.  (And Peter O'Toole's rather hysterical interpretation -- dancing on the boxcars and such -- doesn't help to clear things up.)  A firm interpretation would have made this movie great.  On the other hand, its imprint on popular culture has been indelible, and it still may be the most majestically beautiful movie ever made.
B00004Y62T|4.0|The Talented Mr. Ripley is about reinventing one's self, that oldest of American dreams. A shimmering thriller with more on its mind than just whether psychopathic Ripley will get away with murder, the film is based on Patricia Highsmith's 1955 novel. Director-adapter Anthony Minghella (The English Patient) displays a finely tuned appreciation for character and style, not to mention the influences of Hitchcock and writers F. Scott Fitzgerald and Theodore Dreiser.<br />Tom Ripley has committed that gravest of sins against the rich: He has ceased to amuse. &quot;You can be quite boring,&quot; wealthy American expatriate Dickie Greenleaf (Law) tells Ripley (Damon) dismissively, not fully aware of how desperately besotted Ripley has become with both Dickie and his sybaritic lifestyle in late-1950s Italy. Ripley will not be discarded so easily. Instead he will get rid of Dickie and attempt to become him.<br />Ripley's second half goes a little limp as plot mechanics clank, but the movie is fascinating, helped enormously by dazzling performances by both Damon and Law and a thoughtful one by Paltrow as Dickie's girlfriend.<br />Richly textural psychological thriller.
0060264306|5.0|The Little House Series was my favorite growing up.  I had collected the series as a child, then shared them with my oldest daughter when she was little (she is now a teen).  Recently I replaced this tattered volume with a new edition so that I could share it with my youngest daughter who is just learning to read.  We all love these books that reflect the life of a young girl and her family growing up in frontier America!  A Must Read for everyone!
078324228X|4.0|First things first, the most important feature of this movie is Denzel Washington's absolutely magnificent portrayal of Rubin Carter.  Every facial expression wrings true heartfelt emotion that just jumps off the screen.  The supporting performances are good too, particularly Rod Steiger's judge, Dan Hedaya's snarly detective Della Pesca (a fictionalized composite character) and Vicellous Reon Shannon's performance as Lesra Martin.  The movie also has an incredible story to boot, one about love, racial prejudice, incredible misfortune and the elusive dim ray of hope that maybe one day, Carter will return to the normal life he deserves.  Norman Jewison squeezes every single drop of melodrama from the story, and the result is 150 of the most captivating minutes of film you're likely to come across this year.  That said, the makers obviously took some liberties in the making of the movie, often polarizing the characters to make them seem better (Carter) or worse (Della Pesca) than in real life.  The movie never makes mention that Carter was found with a shotgun in the trunk when he was arrested for the triple murder.  It also claims that Carter spent his childhood in juvenile hall for a single stabbing incident, when the reality is that he went in on several occasions for robbery convictions.  These differences are all in the name of pure dramatic bliss, however, and although the movie is a little lacking in the humour department, I can guarantee you'll feel better when the movie is finally done.  A terrific lead performance, a terrific storyline and script, and a great movie.
B00004Y9PP|4.0|I'm the kind of person who gets excited over movies by seeing the trailers. I even get chills from trailers, and this one of those &quot;chilled&quot; movies. The plot: A group of ship-wrecked survivors fight for their lives on a planet overrun by dark loving blood-thirsty creatures. The positivities: The acting was awesome, and I was glad to see a movie full of fresh faces. They may not be new actor(resses), but they aren't widely known. But after this movie, they should all be recognized for their great acting and characterization. Especially Vin Deisel who played a convicted murder with heat censored eyes who plays the hero of the movie. The guy's intensity made his character (a top-notch murderer) very mysterious, and spontaneous. Radha Mitchell did great as our heroine and leader, and the young actress who played the girl who disguised herself as a guy were awesome additions to the cast. The suspense was kept up scale after the eclipse happened that allowed the creatures to come out of hiding. You keep asking yourself: Who's going to die next? Or when they're going to die. The negative: This isn't really a negative thing, but there are some places in the movie where you feel as if you're watching the sequel to Starship Troopers. Although the creatures are totally different and more high-tech looking, there was just something about the movie that gave me the feeling. All in all, Pitch Black is a great sci-fi/horror that is well worth seeing, and buying.
0684800713|4.0|This early peice of Hemingway's work captures the very essence of Hemingway's fame as a writer. In &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot; Hemingway utilizes a simplisitic, humble, more comprehendable method of writing. Which in my opinion is the method that gave this writer his fame. Yet, even though his writing style in this novel is simple, there is a lot if depth and meaning that lies within the words. A lot of significant symbols are captured in this novel.     This novel critically depicts the emotional power that women have over men, whether people believe it or not. Because of this one woman, Brett Ashly, the lives of such men like Jake, Robert Cohn, and Bill drastically change. This novel also relates realisticaly to &quot;real&quot; lifestyles. For instance, there is drinking (alocoholism), partying, and sexual content(namely prostitution)...all explicit aspects of real life. This book relates to me because it's content is so real, there is not the normal love story, where a woman falls in love with a man and the end. The love story is actually quite twisted, and this is what makes this novel so unique. Once again, by far Hemingway's best work. <br />Grade: B
B00000J2PH|4.0|When Tapestry was released in 1971, Carole King was really only known as songwriter of such 60's hits like &quot;The Loco-Motion&quot;. You knew she could write a good song, but what Tapestry revealed was Ms. King's vocal talents.  Her voice is sweet and comfortable like a warm cup of tea and wraps around the song.  The album basically created the 70's phenomena of the singer-songwriter and James Taylor, Cat Stevens, Harry Chapin and the like benefited from its mammoth success.  Ms. King explores real emotions from her own perspective and it gives an intimacy to songs like &quot;It's Too Late&quot;, &quot;So Far Away&quot;, &quot;Where You Lead&quot; &amp; &quot;Home Again&quot;.  &quot;Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow&quot; &amp; &quot;Natural Woman&quot; take on a new meaning from the originals as we get to hear them from the composer's point of view instead of interpretations by others.  Although she recorded and released it first on this album, she gave &quot;You've Got A Friend&quot; to good friend James Taylor as it obviously had a huge hit potential. People connected with the songs on this album and propelled it to number one. It stayed on the Billboard Top 200 album charts for over 500 weeks which was a record until Pink Floyd's Dark Side Of The Moon surpassed it.
B00001NFCY|4.0|from the beutiful song with arms wide open and the powerufll  higher this album is a wonderfull masterpiece!
B000002BUY|5.0|If you are an Incubus fan, this is the cd for you.  In my opinion this is their best cd ever.  Every track is great especially &quot;Certain Shade Of Green&quot; and Idiot Box.  So go and buy it.
B00000DBXL|5.0|On &quot;Fashion Nugget&quot; the Cake's songs never seem to go beyond the lowest degree of the musical possibilty an ordinary rock band's instruments can deliver. And here they come again, with &quot;Prolonging the Magic&quot;, their third album, still relying on the same old formula. That put you off buying it? Don't jump to conclusions: It's year 2000, and their 1998 album still sounds fresh, as thought it was put out yesterday. You'll have to listen to it time and again. They can do the best with the least. And, you know, that lasts. <br />See it for yourself. Or hear it, if you will. It will dazzle you with a plethora of heartfelt lyrics over heartfelt melody. The words get bizarre more often than you might expect. You'll bump into cross references, cleverly scattered along. Their minimalistic approach to the music they play proves to be profitable: They manage to convey a broad range of atmospheres. No picks for songs here; as I said, see it for yourself. Get puzzled with its misgiving contents.<br />It's curious to think that the Cake actually outdid their previous work by means of virtually the same musical elements. They even managed to live through having &quot;Prolonging's&quot; NEVER THERE played ad nauseum on radio stations worldwide. This creative, well woven album shows that music can be more a system than than a form. So, what you're waiting for? Jump into this system: Get it right now and give your own mind a treat!
B00003W8NM|4.0|The only flaw of this film (hence the 4 stars) is that it makes a little too long in the beginning to plunge into the meaty subject matter.  After that, this film is one of the most perfect example of cinema's ability to tap the zeitgeist that I have ever seen.  I've been depressed lately that there are so few books and movies out there these days that have anything to say to me, a 30-year-old man in an urban state.  But this film is the rare gem that manages to capture what we're thinking and reflects it back to us.  I couldn't help thinking as I watched this film how many of the characters' thoughts and actions mirrored those of myself and my acquaintances, albeit in a highly exaggerated way - the dissatisfaction with a detached, superficial culture devoid of human warmth and spiritual meaning; the desire to find transcendance and meaning in any strong emotion that's available, even if it's pain; the sense of aimlessness and desire to belong to something greater, even if you know that what you've latched on to is a lie.  I heartily recommend this film!!!
B00004Y635|2.0|Making a trilogy is always tricky proposition, and a successful attempt requires good writing, good acting, and good characterization for all three films. The whole Scream series is lacking in these areas, but Scream 3 is especially disappointing.<br />After the \\"horror\\" of Scream 2, Sidney becomes a recluse and lives in the woods, surrounded by security systems and comfortable in her anonymity. She is coaxed out of her exile when another \\"copycat killer\\" begins to murder the cast members of \\"Stab 3,\\" the third movie based on her story. Together with Detective Kincaid (Patrick Dempsey) and her old sidekicks Dewey (David Arquette) and Gale Weathers (Courtney Cox Arquette), Sidney hunts down the killer and finds out the ultimate secret about her mother's past. This same secret is responsible for the nightmare that she's been living throughout the trilogy.<br />Kevin Williamson's writing made the first two movies tolerable, if barely. Ehren Kruger diverges greatly from Williamson's style in Scream 3, breaking the continuity of the first two scripts. Kruger does manage, however, to give a convincing conclusion to the story line of Scream 1 and 2, which is what makes this film a must-see for fans of the first two installments. While Scream 3 tries to make it hard to guess whom the killer is (&quot;In the final act, all bets are off\\"), it fails in this regard, and predictability is (once again) the norm.<br />Related to this change in writers is the poor characterization we find in Scream 3. The sad truth is that not only are the characters introduced in the film deprived of any depth, but the characters that are the series' legacy are also denied any growth or expansion. There are no epiphanies, save for Sidney's apparent tranquility as the curtains fall, and her realization that \\"it's over\\" (oh please, LET IT BE OVER!).<br />Neve Campbell manages to use all three of her facial expressions in different enough combinations so that it isn't annoying. David Arquette and Courteney Cox Arquette work with the meager script they're given and deliver great performances for their characters, as they did in the first two films. Patrick Dempsey plays the part of Kincaid well, even though his appearances are minimal and his character is given no opportunities to develop. Parker Posey is mildly annoying, but mostly ignorable, as Jennifer Jolie (who plays Gale in \\"Stab 3\\").<br />Some special things to look for are the cameo by Jay and Silent Bob (from Dogma), a performance by the always-beautiful Jenny McCarthy, and an unexpected appearance by Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy), the all-knowing horror movie buff from the first film.<br />If you're going to get Scream 3, get it in DVD, simply because VHS will be dead in 3 years and you'll have to get it again anyway. The differences in video and audio quality alone should be enough to warrant the purchase of the DVD version.<br />Bringing it all together, if you're a die-hard Scream fan, get this film. It will bring the story to a close and tie many of the loose ends left by the first two episodes. If you're not a fan, or just don't care, then spend your money (and time) watching something else. Sidney is finally \\"ok\\", and Scream fans have can have closure. Rest in peace, Scream. Stay dead.urteney Cox Arquette work with the meager script they're given and deliver great performances for their characters, as they did in the first two films. Patrick Dempsey plays the part of Kincaid well, even though his appearances are minimal and his character is given no opportunities to develop. Parker Posey is mildly annoying, but mostly ignorable, as Jennifer Jolie (who plays Gale in \\"Stab 3\\").<br />Some special things to look for are the cameo by Jay and Silent Bob (from Dogma), a performance by the always-beautiful Jenny McCarthy, and an unexpected appearance by Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy), the all-knowing horror movie buff from the first film.<br />If you're going to get Scream 3, get it in DVD, simply because VHS will be dead in 3 years and you'll have to get it again anyway. The differences in video and audio quality alone should be enough to warrant the purchase of the DVD version.<br />Bringing it all together, if you're a die-hard Scream fan, get this film. It will bring the story to a close and tie many of the loose ends left by the first two episodes. If you're not a fan, or just don't care, then spend your money (and time) watching something else. Sidney is finally \\"ok\\", and Scream fans have can have closure. Rest in peace, Scream. Stay dead.
0385333846|5.0|This is fantastic! I first read this in a library when I was in college. Vonnegut is absolutely brilliant, and stands alone in his field as arguably the finest satirist in the world. I found myself laughing out loud on several occasions. This is great stuff. I read Vonnegut regularly and love it every time. Naturally, its a little depressing... but brilliant nonetheless.
6305903182|2.0|Making a trilogy is always tricky proposition, and a successful attempt requires good writing, good acting, and good characterization for all three films. The whole Scream series is lacking in these areas, but Scream 3 is especially disappointing.<br />After the \\"horror\\" of Scream 2, Sidney becomes a recluse and lives in the woods, surrounded by security systems and comfortable in her anonymity. She is coaxed out of her exile when another \\"copycat killer\\" begins to murder the cast members of \\"Stab 3,\\" the third movie based on her story. Together with Detective Kincaid (Patrick Dempsey) and her old sidekicks Dewey (David Arquette) and Gale Weathers (Courtney Cox Arquette), Sidney hunts down the killer and finds out the ultimate secret about her mother's past. This same secret is responsible for the nightmare that she's been living throughout the trilogy.<br />Kevin Williamson's writing made the first two movies tolerable, if barely. Ehren Kruger diverges greatly from Williamson's style in Scream 3, breaking the continuity of the first two scripts. Kruger does manage, however, to give a convincing conclusion to the story line of Scream 1 and 2, which is what makes this film a must-see for fans of the first two installments. While Scream 3 tries to make it hard to guess whom the killer is (&quot;In the final act, all bets are off\\"), it fails in this regard, and predictability is (once again) the norm.<br />Related to this change in writers is the poor characterization we find in Scream 3. The sad truth is that not only are the characters introduced in the film deprived of any depth, but the characters that are the series' legacy are also denied any growth or expansion. There are no epiphanies, save for Sidney's apparent tranquility as the curtains fall, and her realization that \\"it's over\\" (oh please, LET IT BE OVER!).<br />Neve Campbell manages to use all three of her facial expressions in different enough combinations so that it isn't annoying. David Arquette and Courteney Cox Arquette work with the meager script they're given and deliver great performances for their characters, as they did in the first two films. Patrick Dempsey plays the part of Kincaid well, even though his appearances are minimal and his character is given no opportunities to develop. Parker Posey is mildly annoying, but mostly ignorable, as Jennifer Jolie (who plays Gale in \\"Stab 3\\").<br />Some special things to look for are the cameo by Jay and Silent Bob (from Dogma), a performance by the always-beautiful Jenny McCarthy, and an unexpected appearance by Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy), the all-knowing horror movie buff from the first film.<br />The DVD I watched wasn't the collector's edition, but it did include several scenes that had been cut out of the film, an alternate ending, and a gag reel. If you're going to get Scream 3, get it in DVD, simply because VHS will be dead in 3 years and you'll have to get it again anyway. The differences in video and audio quality alone should be enough to warrant the purchase of the DVD version.<br />Bringing it all together, if you're a die-hard Scream fan, get this film. It will bring the story to a close and tie many of the loose ends left by the first two episodes. If you're not a fan, or just don't care, then spend your money (and time) watching something else. Sidney is finally \\"ok\\", and Scream fans have can have closure. Rest in peace, Scream. Stay dead.urteney Cox Arquette work with the meager script they're given and deliver great performances for their characters, as they did in the first two films. Patrick Dempsey plays the part of Kincaid well, even though his appearances are minimal and his character is given no opportunities to develop. Parker Posey is mildly annoying, but mostly ignorable, as Jennifer Jolie (who plays Gale in \\"Stab 3\\").<br />Some special things to look for are the cameo by Jay and Silent Bob (from Dogma), a performance by the always-beautiful Jenny McCarthy, and an unexpected appearance by Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy), the all-knowing horror movie buff from the first film.<br />The DVD I watched wasn't the collector's edition, but it did include several scenes that had been cut out of the film, an alternate ending, and a gag reel. If you're going to get Scream 3, get it in DVD, simply because VHS will be dead in 3 years and you'll have to get it again anyway. The differences in video and audio quality alone should be enough to warrant the purchase of the DVD version.<br />Bringing it all together, if you're a die-hard Scream fan, get this film. It will bring the story to a close and tie many of the loose ends left by the first two episodes. If you're not a fan, or just don't care, then spend your money (and time) watching something else. Sidney is finally \\"ok\\", and Scream fans have can have closure. Rest in peace, Scream. Stay dead.
0790729628|2.0|Bladerunner is still one of the finest cyberpunk movie ever made(Fifth Element don't even come close). When it was first aired, there were so may versions of the film. In my opinion, the European version is the best. It certainly has a lot more violence but it made the movie much clearer with Ford's narration and the happy ending that made the film less depressing than it already is. Sadly the DVD lacks all this offering us the director's vision only. Strangely the Criterion Edition LD(which offers the European version)has not made it to the DVD. This is sad considering that Ridley Scott's Legend is given a better treatment on DVD offering two versions of the  film in a Collector's Edition(the fantastic director's cut and the horrible U.S version). Hopefully, Bladerunner will be rereleased with both European version and director's cut in the near future(and possibly a 'making of' documentary as well).
0441172717|5.0|There's not much else to say about this book that hasn't already been said a million times...but if there is one word that can describe this book, I would have to say that word is &quot;WOW!&quot; The depth of characters is unbelievable, the history of the human race, the development of technologies around the spice, the Bene Geserit training and discipline, all come together with twisted plots within plots to score the highest possible marks by this reviewer.  No wonder this book is on many college lists as required reading.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Pitch Black is a great sci-fi thriller and can be compared to other bigger budget sci-fis out there. The film really shows what you can do with a small budget and yet the end result is fairly exciting and interesting. Van Diesel offers a convincing performance as both a villian and a hero at the same time. Director David Thowy succeeded in bringing the fear of the dark to it's audience with some smart directing. Even the ending of the movie is unpredictable. Pitch Black makes for a passable DVD. Picture quality is good with no signs of grain or scratch and the 5.1 audio sounds perfect and balance. The only problem to knock the film down to 4 stars is the lack of extras. There is a short featurette which lasted 5+ minutes, a video stressing about the rave of the film and 2 trailers just doesn't cut it especially for fans alike. I suggest you rent before you buy it.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|This time around, however, Lenny puts together a greatest hits record and it will be breath-taking all over again when you listen to it!
0876852630|3.0|Factotum by Charles Bukowski is about Henry Chinaski who travels through the U.S. accompanied by alcohol, sex and dead-end jobs. Chinaski is an alcoholic who has no goals in life and therefore has a state of mind that can be simply described as a sad carelessness or just indifference. Chinaski loses his jobs because he drinks or does not take any responsibility. He also drifts from one relationship into another but fails to manage to maintain a stabile one due to his egoism and lack of responsibility. This non-developing way of life is well pictured by Bukowskis simple, realistic and true style of writing but it failed to grip me and would not evoke the desire to read it again.The plot is too monotonous, there is no development in the story and one could start reading right in the middle of the book and would not miss anything important. The book ends where it starts.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I've been waiting for November 7th to come around ever since I heard the DVD was announced. Today I picked this up and was not disappointed one bit. There is a lot of material packed into this disc. Besides the movie there is about an hour of supplimental material which gets into the making of the film and how some of the action sequences were accomplished. There is also a commentary track included, which is really nothing special. As for the movie itself, Paramount did a great transfer. The audio and video are perfect, no flaws whatsoever. I won't get into the plot of the movie, as many other reviewers have done so already, but my personal take on the film is that I absolutly love it. John Woo brought his patiented style into the film which makes this movie excel. Awesome action sequences which I have never seen anything like before make this a great movie to watch over and over. Definetly a movie everyone would love to have in their collection.
0876852630|3.0|Factotum by Charles Bukowski is about Henry Chinaski who travels through the U.S. accompanied by alcohol, sex and dead-end jobs. Chinaski is an alcoholic who has no goals in life and therefore has a state of mind that can be simply described as a sad carelessness or just indifference. Chinaski loses his jobs because he drinks or does not take any responsibility. He also drifts from one relationship into another but fails to manage to maintain a stabile one due to his egoism and lack of responsibility. This non-developing way of life is well pictured by Bukowskis simple, realistic and true style of writing but it failed to grip me and would not evoke the desire to read it again.The plot is too monotonous, there is no development in the story and one could start reading right in the middle of the book and would not miss anything important. The book ends where it starts.
0553106635|5.0|Storm of Swords places Mr. Martin at the vanguard of today's fantasy writers. There may be works as well crafted (Kay, Hobb, Rohan, Tolkien) but none more so. His character development and sheer story telling abilities are without parallel.<br />You actually find yourself empathizing with characters who had well earned both your enmity and your wish that they suffer an especially greusome demise.<br />This story of king making and unmaking lets the reader slide into its chaotic, brutal and wonderful world. The series belongs on your shelf next to the other treasures you read only to re-read. Mr. Martin if you are reading: please devote yourself to finishing the next volume. Many are waiting.
0876852630|3.0|Factotum by Charles Bukowski is about Henry Chinaski who travels through the U.S. accompanied by alcohol, sex and dead-end jobs. Chinaski is an alcoholic who has no goals in life and therefore has a state of mind that can be simply described as a sad carelessness or just indifference. Chinaski loses his jobs because he drinks or does not take any responsibility. He also drifts from one relationship into another but fails to manage to maintain a stabile one due to his egoism and lack of responsibility. This non-developing way of life is well pictured by Bukowskis simple, realistic and true style of writing but it failed to grip me and would not evoke the desire to read it again.The plot is too monotonous, there is no development in the story and one could start reading right in the middle of the book and would not miss anything important. The book ends where it starts.
B00003CWTI|3.0|I don't know if I liked this movie or not, either.  The intensity of the background music and the various plots kept me on the couch watching this thing simply because I just couldn't figure out how this was going to end.  The acting was excellent and the cast is well-known.  I can say this, my husband and I talked about it for almost 2 hours after it was over - it seems to hit home somewhere in everyone who watches it.  I literally felt a physical relief when the frogs arrived.
0684800713|5.0|Most of the characters of in this book (except for Pedro and some of the other minor characters) are war veterans from WWI. The narrator of this book is Jake Barnes.  The world where Jake lives in is full of carelessness and aimless hedonist.  Their only cure from the war is endless drinking and visiting cafes, restaurants, dance halls, parties, traveling, and sexual relationships (their obsession with Lady Brett Ashley).  All the men are craving for a relationship Brett.  However, she is deeply in love with Jake.  For Jake and Brett, they are unattainable, but are emotionally dependant on each other.  Hemmingway does a good job in depicting the emotions of the characters and the atmosphere of the different events that happen in the book. (the parties, dance halls, fiestas, and bull fighting.)  Also, Hemmingway brings the characters alive through his descriptions and makes the readers almost feel as though they are a part of all the happenings in the book. This book is strongly recommended for those of you who are willing to learn about the &quot;lost generation&quot; after WWI.  Two thumbs up! :)
0790749815|5.0|This movie is quite simply one of Hitch's best, it ranks up there with 39 Steps, Vertigo, Rear Window (when is it coming to DVD?!), Psycho and The Birds. And the transfer is so good you wouldn't believe it is a forty-year-old movie (has it been that long?). The bonus materials is also quite good, the documentary is interesting (she still looks good, Eva Marie Saint) and it's always a treat to watch one of Hitch's trailers. Oh, and then there's the music-only track...wow....<br />This is a must-buy - they don't make 'em like this anymore.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Hey, I'm a fan; whatever they release, I'm going to buy.  Is this an essential release for long-time fans like me?  Probably not, unless some surprising remix/remastering has been done.  Is there other music I would like to released?  Absolutely, starting with the First Four in remixed, remastered stereo...or how about Live at the Hollywood Bowl?  How about that terrific extended alternate take of Glass Onion?  Or the mono take of Honey Pie that has the cool extended John jazz solo? Just two of the great alternate takes inexplicibly not included on Anthology.<br />So, yes, there's other stuff I'd rather see released.  But to have 27 stone classics on one disc is, when you actually ponder it, a wonder in itself.  <br />Needed Please Please me, though.<br />Buy it anyway.  It's the best music in the universe.
B000050HTO|3.0|Look, these songs are great. Everyone knows that. But if you want a real introduction to the greatest songwriter of the century, start with something larger like Biograph, then go to Bootleg Series. This collection is laughable in its attempt to &quot;represent&quot; four decades worth of music from one of the most prolific and interesting artists of this or any other time. Even if you memorize every song backwards and forwards in this collection, you will still be a pathetic novice of Dylan and his work. He deserves better than this paltry representation.
B00005176F|3.0|Its a good best of collection. It has all the best blur-songs, like, Song 2, beetlebum, The universal (a great song), and Tender, (also a great song.), Coffe and TV, (very good.), and the song parklife, which has a funny video. The song, girls and boys is silly. But i dont like the frontpicture. But this collection is good, anyway, of cause. Blur is good live, and they are a little bit underrestimated to, as a group. The best britisch bands ever is Dire Straits, U2, Depeche Mode, Manic Street Preachers, The Police, and Pink Floyd. Thats my opinion. Blur, Oasis, Supergrass, The verve, etc. , is also good, but not the greatest bands of Great Britain. And the old &quot;Competition&quot; between Blur and Oasis is stupid, cos they are both good bands, but the both bands is not the same, they are good on their own ways, so why argue about that. Oasis had a bigger sucess. This Best of Collection is the only album i need of Blur, cos im not a BIG fan of them, but they are good enough. So why buy the other records, all their really best songs appears on this CD. So...&quot;come on, come on, come on, get trough it, come on, come on, come on, loves the greatest thing...&quot; /Thanks, bye.
B00000JQFM|4.0|Very good solid rock album. Sounds are interesting. Satriani brought these legato flurries with him to the guitar scene. True masterpeace!
B00003CWL6|1.0|Here is a film in which the members of The Academy clearly jumped on the band wagon and voted it a great film without justice.  Although the movie suggest layers profund meaning (e.g. beauty in the ordinary) there isn't anything in this movie that hasn't been explored before.  Infact many of the themes have been explored to death (i.e. mid-life crises of a typical American guy).<br />In the commentary track -- available on dvd the director and producer &quot;ooh and ahhh&quot; about how great the slow pan of the camera or how cleverly they &quot;cage&quot; the protagonist (Keven Spacey) behind the spreadsheet on the computer monitor -- oh how deep!....Big deal. <br />This movie is nothing more than a made for tv movie with a made for tv story.  It's the sort of movie that a group of friends will walk out of the theatre, not knowing what to think so instead every just says how great it is...for fear of &quot;not  GETTING it&quot;.  The truth of the matter is there IS NOTHING TO it.  Don't be fooled.<br />This film is an insult to the great films that preceded it.
B00004YKUX|5.0|...because anyone near me would probably be sick of hearing this album on continuous play.  I like everything that Cash puts out, but Unchained, frankly, wasn't my favorite.  This time around I think he picked excellent songs to cover and wrote some great ones, too.  &quot;Before My Time&quot; is the Cash song that really stands out to me.  For the covers, I gotta go with &quot;I See a Darkness&quot;.  I'd never heard Todd Oldham's work before, and believe me, I'll be buying some of his stuff now.  Here's to hoping JRC keeps delivering albums like this, with carefully selected songs.  I've been telling everyone that he reclaimed great songs for us--&quot;Solitary Man&quot; and &quot;Would You Lay With Me&quot; have that sort of '70s cheese connotation, but when Johnny takes them on, they're suddenly hip again.
B0000029DD|4.0|My mom was in love with his father's (Tim Buckley) music. Friends of mine recommended that I listen to Jeff Buckley. I fell in love with the song, &quot;Last Goodbye&quot;, before buying Grace. His amazing voice, his range, the truth in his voice... Grace is a beautiful CD that I could never give up.
B0000508U6|5.0|This is an album that I ran into because of the group Travis. It all stemmed from my liking of Radiohead, which has lead me to Manic Street Preachers, which has led me to Travis, which has finally led me to Coldplay. I have enjoyed this album from the very first playing. Check out Spies, Shiver and Yellow...those are my top 3 for the album. If you like the groups I have mentioned and want to listen to some real music, go for Coldplay.
B0000062GK|5.0|OK, this is something that every guitar player should hear. Satriani uses licks which are not so commonly used and he does them well. Solos are interesting and differ from song to song. His melodies are touching and he keeps the songs &quot;short&quot;, he doesnt bore us listeners with extended soloing like some other &quot;guitar gods&quot;. A must have!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I initially found out about this album by listening to my friends Sliding Doors album and falling in love with the song, 'Thank You'. Imagine my surprise when I found out the makers of 'Roswell' had used another of Dido's tracks as its theme tune. Of course I wanted to buy the album. Unfortunately until very recently this album wasn't available in the UK, and so when I went travelling this summer to the US, I bought the album from San Diego. I spent 4 months travelling with this lone CD in my backpack and the first thing I did when I got home, was listen to it. It was worth the wait. Most people buy a CD because one song speaks to them in a way that encourages them to spend money on the artists work. It is the anticipation that all songs on the album will do the same. This is one of those rare CD's that will fulfil your expectations. <br />I have quite a CD collection but there aren't many that can rival the quality of this one. Go out and buy it, you know you want too!
078062999X|1.0|I loved Kenneth Brannagh in his &quot;Henry V.&quot; I also loved his audio version of &quot;Hamlet.&quot; I am sad to say that this is by far the worst production I have ever seen. Taking &quot;Hamlet&quot; out of it's time was a mistake. Instead of the dark backgrounds, the castles, and the beautiful scenery of Mel Gibson's version, we have garrish backgrounds. Instead of Hamlet's father portraying human sorrow, he appears as something out of a freak show. While Jacobi did well on the audio version, he makes Claudius somewhat of a drunk coward instead of the careful, shrewd, courageous, ambitious, and yet honestly remorseful character. Ophelia's insanity turns from tragedy to laughter when they use the inappropriate straight jacket. Instead of a sorrowful Fortinbras who stumbles onto fortune and feels remorse over Hamlet's death, Fortinbras comes off as a dishonest and hypocritical self server. (This is not the parallel character that Shakespeare intened!) Even the background music does not fit. But don't let my opinion of this stop you from watching Brannagh's wonderful &quot;Henry V.&quot; Get the Laurence Olivier or Mel Gibson version of &quot;Hamlet&quot; instead.
0767819594|5.0|Cruel Intentions is a wickedly sexy film. Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan Phillipe play two spiolt step siblings(Kathryn and Sebastian). They make a bet. If Kathryn succesfully makes her rival Cecile(Selma Blair) life a misery, she gets Sebastian's car. If she fails and Sebastian succesfully sleeps with the beautiful virginial headmasters daugther (Reese Witherspoon)he gets the most tempting prize of all, kathryn. The plot is racy with tactful and sarcastic phrases. The music to the film sends your pulse racing. My advice is to get this out on video!
B00004T9UF|5.0|This has to be the best Eminem CD ever. I hate rap, and never curse, but that doesn't mean I don't love this. You see, Em had enough sense to make all the songs distinctive and to appeal to all races and sexes. Even though I'm a rap hater at heart, I can't stop playing this CD, despite it's &quot;bad&quot; influence and the suggestive stuff in every lyric. I think this boy got it goin' on because he's blazing the trails(...), and doing a da- I mean, darned good job!
B00004XQP4|5.0|Dude this new cd of theirs is totally awsome, Minority their 1st single of here is the coolest! Awsome alternative band!
B00004Z459|5.0|I just got this cd the other day and i have not been able to stop listening to it. Every song has the perfect mix of screaming, wispering, singing and these awesome lyrics that will make you want to listen to the cd for the rest of your life. Anyone who likes sevendust or Incubus (or really any good music) will love this cd. BUY IT.
6304007523|5.0|&quot;Rocky&quot; is the 1st in the series of 5 motion pictures about the eternal Italian underdog Rocky Balboa, who won the hearts (and the dollars) of moviegoers worldwide.<br />Living a meaningless life in the Philadelphia ghettos, Rocky Balboa's existence is as aimless as a piece of driftwood floating down the Nile.  He earns his living as a legbreaker for a slick, suburban loan shark and is a small time pugilist fighting for dollars in sweaty, smoke filled gymnasiums.  It appears that his future will be as dreary and hopeless as his present, until the day that world heavyweight boxing champion Apollo Creed, in a wild, headline grabbing publicity stunt, declares his intention to fight an unknown in his next title bout and selects Rocky as his partner.  Supremely confident of his own ability and skeptical about Rocky's, Creed doesn't take the spar seriously.<br />But Rocky realises that not only does this grant him the opportunity to fight for the greatest sporting title in the world, but more importantly, with it will come the chance to gain love, confidence, self respect, a purpose, and a chance to rise above the bleakness which has engulfed his life thus far.  Rocky isn't aiming to defeat Creed, stating simply, &quot;All I want is to go the distance.&quot;  And in 1 of the most exciting boxing sequences ever filmed, he does just that.<br />Written in 3 days and filmed rapidly on a limited budget, this film has become 1 of the most beloved cinema classics in history.  It made a star out of Sylvester Stallone (which, depending on your viewpoint, is either a good or bad thing), earned 3 Oscars and global acclaim.  Never before or since has a movie character been so likeable or easy to identify with as Rocky Balboa.  He is a character for whom viewers will be rooting for from the film's humble beginnings to its dramatic climax!
014028902X|5.0|This book is my secret weapon against depression and the blues. I have never been able to read it without collapsing into helpless laughter (and I have lost count how many times I have read it!). In the book, GD describes his boyhood sojourn on the Greek island of Corfu and while the various animals and birds are fun, the most interesting specimens are the humans. Start with GD's own family, a wonderfully eccentric English mother, his 3 siblings with their own peculiar foibles, the innumerable friends on Corfu who add their own twists to the story and you have a bubbling cauldron indeed. The humor ranges from the tongue in cheek to the cannonball but it never lets up. The episode of the scorpions is my personal favorite but it is hard to pick a favorite when there are so many contenders. GD's descriptions of the various personages is superb and his retelling of anecdotes very good indeed. His particular gift is to make the non-human creatures interesting. Both human and non-human characters alike come alive and seem to spring from the pages. And GD's love for nature comes through in his descriptions of the surroundings; you can almost feel yourself in the story. One realizes that not only was GD a first rate naturalist, he was a very good writer as well. This book is a guaranteed pick-me-up; it will bring a smile to your face no matter how tired or sad you may be. A warning though: it is very dangerous to read this book in public. Before long you will be chuckling away to yourself as you turn the pages and people in your vicinity will start to harbor grave doubts as to your sanity!
0345350499|3.0|I recently read this book for my bookclub and enjoyed it.  The story's perspective (seen through the female characters) is inventive and refreshing.  However, the characters do not have distinct voices (despite their obvious differences) and the story does go on.  I felt the plot lagged quite a bit in the middle section but captured me again nearer the end.  <br />I think I was disappointed overall because of the high praise the book had received from friends.  With lowered expectations (this is basically a highbrow romance novel) I was able to enjoy what was good about the book.
630382790X|4.0|Pretty fair game for a space type of movie. I added a point cuz of young Miko Houghs who is like the coolest kid! He played Tom Hanks' son. Overall it was a fairly good movie though.
B00003CXDF|2.0|Somebody should have told Tom Cruise and John Woo.....the James Bond franchise is already taken. That's what this installment looks and feels like, no question. Vastly inferior to the first MI film, this popcorn movie does little to compliment the Mission: Impossible mystique. Instead we get John Woo's tired slo-mo action sequences, a ludicrous storyline and Cruise walking through the movie knowing it's critic-proof. Sure, the action stuff is fun, but I expect more out of Mission: Impossible. I expect my brain to get a workout. Not so, here. Predictable at every turn. And not a subtle frame to be found. This is a John Woo film (Brian DePalma was accused of &quot;facelessly&quot; directing the first film....EXACTLY; as this one should have been!). Woo's fingerprints are all over this thing. It's excessive to the max. Waste your money on this turkey if you must.
0451457994|5.0|The film was a visual masterpiece, though I had no idea what was happening.<br />I had always assumed that the book would be similarly baffling, but finally read it this year after a recommendation from a friend.<br />The book is a revelation!  Not only does the Odyssey make sense to me now, but the quality of the writing is excellent.<br />Clarke was a true visionary and his work with NASA was no publicity stunt.<br />It is a very easy book to read - both in terms of the writing style and its compulsion.  I read it in just over a day, and am left wondering why I waited 20 years to do so!<br />Read it and understand!
0790729644|5.0|What a perfect end to Eastwoods western career. Playing a gunman who is already a legend and drawn back into the cruel, heartless world of gunslinging. Eastwood delivers a masterfull performance with outstanding support from Hackman and Freeman. They is no good guy in this movie. Every character has his flaws and dark moments. Eastwood makes a perfect western reminding me more of The Wild Bunch than any of the other old westerns. This a definete buy if you like westerns at all
B000002LHT|3.0|this album contains some great songs. the awsome cover of paladaice park, n pet cemetary, but dee-dee is going which leaves a bad aftertaste, becuase he is a great song writer n bass player but overall this is a great album <br />cr.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The real star of this movie is director David Fincher, the editor and the screenwriter. They all should have won Oscars for the creativity and imagination apparent in this film. Norton and Pitt are very good, as usual. But the story is so well-conceived, well-paced and startling in its originality that ... well, you just have to see it.<br />The DVD is a great value. One disk is the movie, the other is bonus footage of deleted scenes, interview with actors and crew and a lot of other cool stuff. Most movies, even good ones, wouldn't merit this much bonus material. But Fight Club has attained the cult classic status that makes bonus material essential.
0679879269|2.0|Well, I loved the first two books in this trilogy, but The Amber Spyglass was slow going.  Dr. Mary Malone's story (and even more the Father Gomez bit) added very little to the book and were generally sections I just wanted to get through to get back to Will and Lyra.  In attempting to bring in so many of the characters of the last two books, Pullman only gives us brief and unsatisfactory glimpses of most of the secondary characters.  Also his substitution of Truth and the telling of stories for any sort of spiritual life seems not only forced but rather incongruous with many of the decisions his own characters make.  I kept expecting Pullman to end the book by pulling together many of his various themes and threads but instead he brought out an overly sentimental (and very false-feeling) ending.  As opposed to some of the other reviewers here, I would have had no problem with a sad and sacrificial ending if the sacrifice had seemed worth something.  Allowing the dead to lose all their individual consciousness as their molecules become one with the world sounds ultimately merely dull, and saying your &quot;dust&quot; will somehow find the dust of the others you loved in life is only more sentimental puffery substituting for a belief in some kind of existence beyond death--if you're going to challenge religious beliefs, at least have the guts to stick it out the whole way.  The dead would be better off sitting around and telling their stories to each other.
B000009HF2|1.0|I've been racking my brain to come up with an album, other than something really obvious like a Bay City Rollers record, to illustrate just how awful 70s radio music was, and what we kids had to put up with.<br />And then I remembered this.<br />To quote another shocker, Stephen Caratzas (May 10 2000) took the words right out of my mouth.
0688170528|2.0|From Tenderness to Torment:  The Story of Two Teenage Lovers<br />    Pregnancy, suicide, strained parental relationships- these were only some of the painful issues that teenage sweethearts Emily Gold and Chris Harte were dealing with in Jodi Picoult's, The Pact.  The mystery surrounding Emily's supposed suicide unravels as Chris is accused of murdering Emily, his friend and lover.  Although this novel was not in chronological order, the life history of each character was explained in depth.  So when Emily expressed sexual apprehensions, the novel flashed back to when she was raped in a restaurant bathroom, clueing the reader in on the source of her fears. Although the character depth provided was beneficial, the novel excluded some crucial information regarding the suicide itself.  For example, when Emily asked Chris to provide the gun for her suicide, Chris brought two bullets.  Whether the second bullet was for Chris to shoot Emily if the first bullet failed or for him to kill himself with was never spelled out, leaving the reader with unclear conceptions of his personality (328).  Similar to suicide, the novel touched on many other crises facing teens today but failed to go into any depth. The issues ranged from teen pregnancy to strained marital relationships and gun control, which could not possibly be fully developed in only one novel.  Though even if not fully developed, the constant sense of death and strife made way for a depressing overall tone.  For example, Emily's death was described in painful detail up until her last moments when Emily &quot;pressed his hand, and it squeezed on the trigger&quot; (373).  Overall, The Pact is a novel for a romantic with the patience follow all the conflicts that develop in two families after the death of a child.
B000008H1Y|4.0|&quot;Songs From the Wood&quot; would appear to be an appropriate title for this 1977 Tull release. Complete with Ian Anderson's gruff, devil-may-care singing, along with his incomparable flute and mandolin playing, accompanied by Martin Barre's lute strumming, the mood is reminiscent of Elizabethan-era folk songs that strongly evoke thoughts of sitting round the fire in the woods of the north of England, with Robin Hood and Maid Marian no doubt soon to appear. There are good, strong rockers too. The martial rhythm of &quot;The Whistler&quot; is unresistable, and &quot;Cup of Wonder&quot; impresses, as the strongest tracks on the album. The title track sets the tone and lets the listener know that good ol' fashioned &quot;kitchen prose and gutter rhymes&quot; are on the agenda. In fact, what sets this album apart from earlier JT albums is the lightness in tone, but the music is classic Anderson/Barre. &quot;Velvet Green&quot; is the most evocative piece, with strong English folk stylings in evidence; in other words, the fantastic mandolin/flute solo. &quot;Pibroch (Cap in Hand)&quot; is a bit annoying, too loud for the overall mood of the album, and awfully silly in content. But the final track, &quot;Fire at Midnight&quot;, is a short and poignant &quot;glad to be home after a tough day&quot; song. &quot;Hunting Girl&quot; and &quot;Ring Out, Solstice Bells&quot; are O.K., but aren't as memorable; still, they are servicable songs that keep the cohesiveness of the album intact. All in all, a nice effort free from the heaviness of early 70's Tull.
0385486804|4.0|This book shows an excellent illustration of a true, young man that comes from a well-off family facing his life after college.  Jon takes you on a wild journey all across America, from Georgia to California to the Dakotas and to Alaska.  It is a wonderful book, and falls a close second to one of the greatest books, Into Thin Air.
B00004XONN|5.0|I love this album. As a long time fan of Radiohead I can see why many other fans felt strange about Radiohead not doing the same music they were doing before. I think by not repating themselves they are able to push their fans further. Don't get me wrong the Bends and OK Computer were incredible records, but no band in recent memory has with every new record made their previous work seem old. This kind of systemitic and conscious departure has them being very creative and experimental. If you've been to a Radiohead gig recently, or downloaded anything new you know that they still can write great acoustic and melody based songs. As a musician I admire their songwriting skills and love the fact that great old records I find incredible influence them as well like Remain In Light, Low, Heroes, Future Days,IV faust LP. Great record.
038533348X|4.0|What is society?  Why does society leave behind those who influence it most?  Why are some of the firmest establishments religion?  Kurt Vonnegut dared to answer these ever-pondered questions in Cat's Cradle, a novel daring to talk about things that most men do not.  Vonnegut satirically and facetiously explains and defines society, through a story about a bomb, a midget, a clarinet player, a mad scientist, and a man who just wanted some answers.  <br /> How could Vonnegut have used these tools to explain such a large and vital factor?  That is the magic of the novel as well as his unique and intense art.  Vonnegut picked apart society's aspects and analyzed them, and then he proceeded to put them all back together, allowing one to look at the whole in a new light.  The narrator does this through meeting people and describing their place in society effectively.  However, when those characters were introduced, the author did not simply just bring them in and begin his descriptions, both physical and intellectual.  All the descriptions of the vital characters were researched and unveiled to the reader beforehand, and of course Vonnegut always had a way of slipping them into the scene.  By the time they were in the picture, the reader already knew them or knew of them.  This factor made the novel enjoyable to exponential amounts.  Vonnegut also challenged Christianity, and wondered why it was the firmest leaning post people have, especially American people.  Why wouldn't a religion like Bokonon, the religion of the narrator, with its bittersweet lies aimed only at pleasing society, surpass this main stream religion, with its harsh truthfulness.  The author's approach to this fact made the story fascinating because of the brightness and boldness of the idea.<br /> The structure of the novel, with small, neat 1 or 2 page chapters, depicts how thought is broken up into thought, just like the recollection that regular thinkers go through every day.  The chapters do refer to each other interchangeably to make the story comprehensible.  The titles of each of the chapters pertain to small details included in the text that stuck out in the narrator's mind.  Any person can relate to this type of thought, since it is involved in any recalling of any story.  The reader then flies through the novel and digests the story as any other would their own.  This novel was incredible in the fact that Vonnegut dared to challenge so that in the end, the reader could do nothing but relate to his conjectures.
6305922748|5.0|This movie is easily one of the top ten comedies of the past century. It also happens to be the directorial debut of Rob Reiner (well known to all previously as &quot;All in the Family&quot;'s Michael &quot;Meat-Head&quot; Stivic). Combining the talents of Michael McKean, Harry Shearer and Christopher Guest (all by this time Saturday Night Live alums), the movie becomes a rock &quot;mockumentary&quot;! Reiner also stars as rock journalist Chuck DiBergi, who follows the fictitious English band, Spinal Tap, through a series of mishaps and misadventures. The movie's stabs at rock musicians' behavior hit the mark consistently; all the posing, pomposity and self-importance displayed by any flock of hare-brained and hirsute rock stars are wonderfully lampooned by the trio of aging, obsolescent musicians known as Spinal Tap. The songs are all laughably insipid and full of misplaced testosterone. You'll be able to see the parallels with real rock acts: The girlfriend of David St. Hubbins (McKean) assumes a managerial position by proxy after a series of concert mishaps, mirroring the supposed meddling of Yoko Ono with the Beatles; the elaborate stage sets of Iron Maiden, which never seem to work the way they did for Maiden; the inexplicable deaths of drummers, like those that ended the careers of The Who and Led Zeppelin; and lead guitarist Nigel Tufnel's (Guest's) poke at Zep's Jimmy Page's solos by rubbing a puny fiddle against his electric axe. You'll roar with laughter at bassist Derek Smalls' (Harry Shearer's) inability to get out of a &quot;star chamber&quot; on stage, trying to play his instrument in a cramped position while stage hands frantically try to pry him out of his shell. Lines like &quot;This one goes to eleven&quot; and &quot;Hello, Cleveland!&quot; are still classics. With Tap's rapid decline ending in the ultimate nadir, having a puppet show gain first priority on a festival marquee, we're left with only one question: Will the band bow out gracefully, orcontinue to wallow in self-destruction? Enjoy this special edition of a comedy great. Also, be sure to look for such screen-comedy luminaries as Billy Crystal, Bruno Kirby, Howard Hesseman, and Dana Carvey as a mime!
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|The trailers made the move look absolutely hilarious for one reason: they showed ALL or darn near all of the funny scenes.  During the entire movie, you expect and wait for them and there is no comical pay-off; You have already seen them and know the outcome.  In between the known gags are terrible, terrible ones.  They do produce a laugh just because of their utter stupidity and gross-out factor.  Bottom line:  Haven't seen the trailer?  Rent the film.  Seen the trailer?  You've seen the movie.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I've taken the time and gone through all the reviews of this film, and for the most part, their all great.  But some are by far measures taken to be different.  Now if you didn't like the film, than fine, that's your opinion.  We're all entitled to that.  But first know what your talking about before you verbally bash something unknown to the context of your mind.<br />My review of the film is simply this:  an unmistaken masterpiece.  Why?  first off, the acting is worthy of the salaries paid, particularly Crowe, Pheniox, Richard Harris as Marcus Aurilius, and Connie Nielson as the troubled sister.  The emotion between young Commodus and Maximus is completely different, as their characters are DIFFERENT!  Hence, one will act different in given situations.<br />Second, Ridley Scott's direction is spot on perfect, balancing the importance of storytelling with eye-popping spectacle.  Some people have forgotten that this is the man who brought us THELMA &amp; LOUISE, and is only capable of ALIEN or BLADE RUNNER.  This is not true.  His use of visuals to convey an emotion put him in a category with Hollywood's greatest.<br />Third, John Mathieson's cinematography is near flawless for the effect intended.  Some reviews attack he and Scott of 'stealing' from SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, because of the look of the battle scenes.  Well, when a new form of sneaker comes onto the market, is it now safe to say that everyone who buys it 'steals' from the last.  No.  This system is called an Image Shaker, and it was also used in ANY GIVEN SUNDAY.  And resetting the shutter speed on the camera has been used for years, just not to the great effect in PRIVATE RYAN.<br />Lastly, the storytelling may not be accurate, but who the hell cares?  Really, does it bother you that much that someone has creatively changed the use of history?  History is what it is, it's not going anywhere.  Don't bash the historical accuracy of the film, if anything at all, bash the film itself.  Does the film work with what it uses?  Then let it be.  The script is tight, and taught, and chock full of emotion, never confusing the moment.<br />Oliver Reed, a character actor from the 60's and 70's, who passed away while shooting, has done some of the best work of his career here.  Yet nary a person mentions this, only daunting a film that deserves it's praise.<br />I could quote several catch phrases, but I'm not going to.  Take what you will from this, I personally loved the film, and will buy it on DVD.
0679879269|5.0|I didn't think it could be done but The Amber Spyglass is more thrilling ang gripping than the first two dark materials books. I fell into the book right away. The descriptions of emotiong on the characters wrenched at MY heart! I fell in love with the beautiful terrains of each individual world which were so intricately described I believed I could be there. The theories presented to the characters were things I- like everyone on Earth at some point in time- had questioned before. Every thought, every emotion, and every sight was right there with me as I made Lyra and Will's journey. I'm only sad that this is the last of a truelly wonderful trilogy.
B000001E7L|2.0|I really did not enjoy most of the songs in this album.  Only two songs I enjoyed is &quot;ode to my family&quot; and &quot;zombie.&quot;  But the rest of the album just drags.  There are no memorable songs that will keep you wanting to listen to the CD over and over again.  I bought it and have not listen to it in over a year.  I taped the two songs I liked to cassettes so I can listen to it in my car, but that's it.  If you considering buying this album, don't expect anything grand.  It is a slow, dreary album!!!!
0446605409|4.0|This was my first Nelson Demille novel.  I thought this book was very interesting.  John Corey is quite a character.
B00003CXDG|5.0|I think there are some negative comments regarding this movie and how there is no plot and such.  But honestly, I didn't like MI1 at all and thought the plot is too twisted and didn't make much sense.  Keeping the plot simple in this one and putting on the action pack was the key in this one all along.  I mean, the choice to use John Woo is defn gear toward that.  I think the film was worth the $$$ and I bought the DVD fresh off the press.  The car chase scene and the bike scene was very well done, some new ideas here and overall, it was what one paid for, action pack movie.
0671034065|3.0|There were things that I liked about this book very much -- gutsy heroine, dynamic hero, and an interesting storyline.  The characterizations were all quite good, and the plot moved along at rapid clip.  Howard is a very competent writer, at times inspired, and she adds some really nice humorous touches.  What I didn't like about it was the eagerness of the heroine to leap into bed with the hero so quickly.  Like, she's supposed to be smart, right?  There's nothing wrong with using raging hormones as motivation; in fact, most romance novels are based on this.  But to me a book is so much more interesting when there's more tension and when the characters keep control of themselves longer; anticipation is half the fun.  While I think it could have been better, all in all, this was an enjoyable book.
B00000HYSN|5.0|A somber heartfelt night-time winter classic.Great lyrics, great shaky voice.For some reason I think I can hear the backing musicians total belief in this project when I hear the songs.It just SOUNDS right.If you find a friend that can appreciate music of this quality, KEEP that friend.This is some special stuff.
6305776326|5.0|This is one of my favorite corny movies of all time. I can watch it again and again and again. Everytime I watch it, it gets even funnier! Give this video a chance... it's given all my friends and I a big laugh and I think it might make you giggle up a storm as well. Molly Shannon gives a great performance and so do all the rest of the characters. Very entertaining!
B00001NFCY|5.0|human clay by creed is without a doubt the best cd released in the past couple of years.  this is one of the few cds that you can put in the cd player and not having to worry about skipping a stupid song.  although all the songs are great, some of my favs include are you ready, what if, say i, w/ arms wide open, and higher to name a few.  also, all the lyrics are good too, so you dont have to worry about swearing.  all in all, buy this cd if you dont have it already.
0880796863|3.0|this deck is never right.  it tells you what is around you, but it does not tell you what you want to know.  everything comes out rude, so what you wanted to know turns into something you would rather have not known at all looking at the perspective it came by.  i didn't like it and i didn't like the pictures in it. i think it was harder to interpret.
B00004TL21|5.0|Jesus Christ, I swear this has got to be The Deftones' best CD, and the best CD I have heard since Incubus' SCIENCE album. Normally, THe Deftones have a particularly heavy sound, but on this one they go a bit softer, but lose none of their musical appeal. I think that their songs have actually gotten better. Every song on here is good. &quot;Digital Bath&quot; is one of the best Deftones songs I have heard. &quot;Street Carp&quot; is a neat little song. Its musical structure is great. &quot;Knife Prty&quot;(yes, I know it's supposed to be spelled p-a-r-t-y, but they spell it that way on the CD) is one helluva wonderful song. It had better be their next single. The way Chino sings in this song sends shivers down your backbone. However, the best song on the CD, and the (dare I say it? Yes!)best song EVER, is &quot;Change&quot;. I myself prefer metal, but when I heard this song, I was hooked. I don't care if it is mid-tempo, the song is bottled brilliance. Chino's vocals are top-notch, and so is the rest of the band. Overall, this is one CD everyone must own. If you don't go and buy it RIGHT NOW, then you're probably crazy.
0399146253|3.0|Like many dedicated Cornwell fans, I am getting very disappointed with the new Scarpetta novels she is writing.  I now think the witty, 'nail biter', I will read til its finished ( even though its 3am ) died along with Benton.  The writing is more focused Kay and her Maudlin feelings and the plot is an after thought. With all the references to Black Notice, new readers will find it a bit hard to understand, so I suggest to you, to read that first so TLP will make some sense.  TLP does fill in some of the gaps, and ties up most loose ends which is good! :) Hopefully the ending is signalling a new beginning for Kay? I certaining hope so. Please Ms. Cornwell try to find that spark once again that so many of us fans loved in your earlier works... So I guess its another year long wait til next time :)
B000001F3C|5.0|Yes, U2 finally made piece with themselves at a time they were writing War, one of their best and most interesting albums. There isn't a hint of the uncertainty of Boy or the hesitation of October, here you have hard, political-oriented dark, and sometimes scary rock (in the best sense). <BR>I won't even try to compare it with some other records that came out at that time - this was way ahead of its time. Come to think of it, it still is. You know, I could go on, but what's the point...this is for your ears, not for your eyes. Enjoy!
6300181456|4.0|This lavish film produced by Ross Hunter is a musical spoof, set in the 20s. Julie Andrews demonstrates her great acting range in this film. Julie gives a great performance and shows us a thing or two about her abilities in this amusing musical. Curiously this is the film that the brilliant film composer Elmer Bernstein won his sole Academy Award (THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN, THE GREAT ESCAPE, THE TEN COMMANDMENTS, THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN ARM, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD just didnt cut it). THOROUGHLY MODERN MILLIE is still thoroughly good.
B000001FS3|5.0|I very good album from U2. I mean A CLASSIC one. How many albums do you know that have no bad moments. Not many, right? Well this is one of those albums, that start hard and end the same way. The first three songs on the JT may as well be the greatest begining of an album. But the following minutes of music are as good as the first three songs that were major hits all over the world for U2. Good second half, and i sometimes think it's a better one. Well, get it and see for your self.
0792106989|5.0|This is a very good John Ford Western, which is untypical of Ford in many ways. It has a claustrophobic feel about it and it seems unusual that it was shot in black & white (by William Clothier) in 1962. On one hand John Ford was always concerned with Eastern vs. Western values. Most of Ford's Westerns have always been about bringing law and order to the West in which ultimately progress and not guns achieve that dream for society. Ford's vision of that dream is much darker here. In this film Ford creates a darker dream thus not allowing elements of the dream to expand into the legend.  Thus, the visual claustrophobic feel bolsters that idea and reality of an aging and wiser filmmaker.<br /><br />John Wayne quietly underplays his role. James Stewart as the idealistic Eastern lawyer who is robbed on the way West, goes to work in the town of Shinbone as a dishwasher and eventually brings law and order to the West unknowingly through the efforts of Wayne. Lee Marvin as the villainous and evil Liberty Valance is one of Ford's most violent screen incarnations. Edmond O'Brien and Ford veterans Andy Devine, John Carradine and the incomparable Woody Strode are all featured. Set designers Sam Comer and Darrell Silvera did an excellent job on the Shinbone sets, especially O'Brien's newspaper office. John Wayne, Ford's mythological hero, and his performance are for me the cornerstone of this film. As elements of an Eastern based society overtake the untamed West, the old dream comes to a conclusion and with it the mythological hero of that dream must end as well.
6305327041|3.0|This is a strange movie to talk about... Some people love it, some people hate it, and if you watch it, you'll understand why.<br />When you take each story individually, it can get cumbersome and un-entertaining.  But if you focus on Ted the Bellboy (Tim Roth), it becomes quite hilarious.  His reactions to the situations he's put it crack me up every time.  Not to mention, in the third room Antonio Banderas once again makes me say, I want to be Antonio Banderas.<br />At any rate, this is a movie that you should see at least once, because this movie defies easy recomendation.  If you just take the word of people who don't like it, you could miss out on a great movie.<br />As for the DVD itself, it is completely lacking in features and the sound is just a little off, but after the first viewing you hardly notice.<br />It loses a half star because the movie is definately one you have to be in a certain mood for, and one and a half stars because the DVD presentation is sub-par, but still overall a good movie and worth buying the DVD if you really like it.
B000002GDJ|4.0|While it lacks the musical peaks of &quot;Zenyatta Mondatta&quot; or &quot;Ghost in the Machine&quot;, Regatta de Blanc is ultimately a more consistant album than either of those. The two-chord head-bashers of the first album had already been left behind in favor of a bass-heavy (white!) reggae sound. Stewart Copeland contributes some wonderfully off-beat numbers (&quot;Contact&quot;, &quot;Does Everyone Stare&quot;, &quot;On Any Other Day&quot;), and Sting's brooding persona was starting to emerge (&quot;Bed's Too Big Without You&quot;, &quot;Bring on the Night&quot;). The songs fit together well, and on the whole, Regatta da Blanc manages to be musically adventurous while remaining more humorous and personal than much of what would follow.
0553573403|5.0|I am upset at all the people who are bashing Jordan and saying that Martin blows him away.  Martin is a great author, but let me remind everyone that Jordan's first three Wheel of Time books were amazing as well.  They didn't start slowing down until about the fourth or fith book.  Let us not pass judgement until Martin comes out with more than three books, because that is when Jordan started going down hill.  Then we can either crown Martin as the king of epic fantasy, or relize that Jordan is just as good.  By the way, to everyone who cut down Goodkind, his latest novel was great!
B00004YA66|5.0|Have you ever thought to yourself what if I did &quot;this&quot; differently in life or what if &quot;this person&quot; was still living, how could my life be now?? Well, this movie will answer your question! This is a very well done movie that all can enjoy! Also, there isn't alot of foul language to kill the movie (like many movies out there). Just when you think you have figured out what is going to happen everything changes. So it definately keeps your attention!! I can't wait to watch it again!!
6301025083|5.0|I love this movie. I've seen a lot of movies (and I'm only 18), but this one stands out. This film is a joy from the first reel to the last. This movie is an excellent introduction to Fellini and to world cinema in general. The acting is great, the black-and-white is never distracting, Guido's dreams are excellently executed, and the characters are memorable. This is a movie that one's like-minded friends must watch! This film stands as tough competition for &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; as the greatest film in history. I'm looking forward to a lifetime of enjoying this film.
0399146253|3.0|Not in keeping with Patricia Cornwell's usual succinct writing. Trying to keep up with the Kay's jumbled thought patterns was difficult and was a diversion from the plot of the book. She focused too much on jumping back and forth from one time period in Kay's very troubled life to another while trying to somehow weave the Chandonne storyline into these periods. Or could it be vice versa. I'm not sure. I lost track. Bringing Marino's emotions and feelings toward Kay into light was a nice touch. We needed to know that Pete was human instead of the gruff personality he usually bears. Overall, it was a good read. Not quite up to par with some of her other work, but a good read.
B0000073AD|4.0|Maggie Reilly shows us her voice is at the top. With the influence of Mike Oldfield (she worked with him on different projects), Maggie is giving us really deep music, a strong guitar and a magnificient voice. If you have loved Moonlight Shadow (Crises), you will surely enjoy Everytime we touch. Smoother than some of her other albums, she mixes perfectly her wonderful voice with some progressive rock music.
0783222955|5.0|One word discribes TKM...Tissues.  The film is so beautifuly done that I cry everytime I watch it.  Definately a keeper in you Universal / MCA collection
B00003CXDG|5.0|I think that &quot;M:I 2&quot; is better thn the original film. The main reason that this film is better is because of action director John Woo, nobody on the planet can direct action like this man, nobody. I  enjoyed Tom Cruise more in this movie han I did in the first, he sems so much more alive in this movie, he barely did anything in the first movie. This movie does have it's problems though, it takes way too long getting started and a few parts of it are confusing. But once the film gets going it is an acion assault. The final mortorcycle chase sequence will have you on the edge of your seat. Though it has it's problems overall &quot;M:I 2&quot; is definitly worth a look.
0375501851|5.0|&quot;White Teeth&quot; is one of the best novels I have ever read, let along being a stunning debut.  Smith's use of dialogue is smooth and un-self-conscious. Her panorama of Britain's cultural melting pot is fascinating.  A rare book that could be read twice and enjoyed twice. I can't wait for her next book.
B000001FSU|5.0|A lot of skaters like this album.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|since zach de la rocha left RATM,you can say that this is their last album.and you can also say that they went out with a bang.as in their previous albums,RATM continues to bring the rap-metal sound that you cant ignore.pretty much the whole albums is great.stand out songs are,&quot;testify&quot;,&quot;guerrilla radio&quot;,&quot;calm like a bomb&quot; and &quot;mic check&quot;. dont get me wrong,the other songs are good too but the one's i mentioned are better.
B00004T8RK|5.0|This cd was on constantly at my house for the first two weeks after I got it. I just couldn't get over how much I loved it. Breakerfall is a great rockin tune and really gets ya kinda pumped to listen to the rest of the record. I'd like to say I have a favorite on the album, but I'm just not able to decide. It would have to be some sort of tie between Light Years, Thin Air, Grievance, and Sleight of Hand, I could (and occasionally do) listen to them all day and not be sick of them still. I've heard some people say that they are dissappointed in the record because it doesn't have another song like Alive or Jeremy, but I think it's really silly to think that bands don't evolve. Of course it's not going to be the same, it's a different time, they are growing and changing all the time. And I personally think they're better for it.
B00004RFDW|1.0|I watched this movie as part of my research for a paper on &quot;whistle-blowing&quot; that I did for a graduate class last fall. I must say that the film is very unobjective and far too long. Propaganda is an apt description.  For starters, the film goes overboard in trying to portray Wiegand as a victim. It starts with him being fired from his job, but it never really explains why he was fired! The film's makers make a big point of demonizing tobacco companies, calling them &quot;bozos who never lose&quot; and rich enough &quot;to spend you to death.&quot;  But later in the movie, the companies are apparently reduced to placing &quot;bullets&quot; in Wiegand's mailbox and sending him threatening e-mails. Incidentally, an FBI agent later claimed in an affadavit that he suspected Wiegand of fabricating the threatening message. There is also the case of Wiegand claiming that coumarin was rat poison and his company was adding it to cigarettes. I confirmed that coumarin was not carcinogenic. In fact, I talked with a purchasing specialist with Brown &amp; Williamson and he told me that coumarin was basically vanilla flavoring!  I could go on and on with items of interest that I uncovered during my research and other peculiar items from the movie but my point is to say that this film is absurd. Russell Crowe, who plays the &quot;hero&quot; Jeffrey Wiegand, was on the cover of GQ magazine long before this movie's release with a cigarette in his hand! Avoid 'The Insider.'
B00003CXDG|1.0|The only reason I gave this one star is because zero is not an option. First, the plot is feeble--same old story about killer virus in the hands of the badman. Yawn, how many times are we going to be put through that one again. Second, the movie steals virtually everything from previous films. The car chase on the winding road, between the two stars in their snazzy convertibles--ring a bell from a recent Bond movie, perhaps? They stole liberally from the Matrix, and then there's that tired ending with the dead guy coming back to life and grabbing a gun--how many times have we seen that? And of course, he lays there holding it and talking, giving Tom Cruise, of course, enough time to miraculously kick a gun up from the sand and kill his adversary (by this time you're hoping that the bad guy will win).<br />Third, the &quot;mystical&quot; rock music clamoring through every action shot reminded me more of an MTV video rather than a movie. Add in doves and endless pigeon scenes, trying to give Cruise an almost God-like entrance...it's enough to make you want to gag after a while.<br />Fourth, every action scene is slow motion. While this tactic can work to highlight a scene or two, IM2 employs it constantly. Plus lots of close up faces in slow motion. I don't know, is this the new artsy-thriller genre? The best way to watch this movie is to put it on fast forward--this way you can at least see the action scenes in real time and it will also shorten this horrendously tedious movie.<br />The face mask ploys also become old very fast. Once maybe, to create a surprise, but here it was used over and over, and rather unbelievably--especially when Cruise does a switcheroo in about five seconds time. And especially since he is carrying no equipment with him...<br />It is amazing how the two IM movies could be so unbelievably bad and totally lacking in plot. This is one of the worse films of the year.
B00004XQP4|5.0|When I first heard this CD, I liked it, but it wasn't the Green Day I used to know and love. This is really great music after you get used to it, and Track 6 (Misery) is such a wicked song! I love the whole new style of Green Day but it would also be good, if they went back to being the old Green Day! But don't get me wrong, this is an awesome CD, but just not the same as the others.
B0000025OP|4.0|It's easy, in retrospect to see how this album was overlooked. Dylan had just left columbia[for this and the  before the flood album],his first tour since 1966 was starting, and there were no anthems of political dissilusionment among these songs. 1974 was not 1968,and after a number of offbeat choices,word was dylan had lost his edge.Then he and the band put together this studio gem,precursor to his next studio piece and perhaps his masterpoiece,BLOOD ON THE TRACKS.I think these two albums[discs]should be taken as one.From the brilliant forever young, to dirge to the absolutely brilliant wedding song,the cracks in dylans personal life are showing.The band is, as always, excellent,dylans singing quite clear.The two versions of forever young sound like two completly different songs.The slight scraping sound in wedding song are the buttons of dylans coat on his acoustic guitar[he did this song in one take.]I hav eheard this is monor dylan, and i greatly disagree.This is dylan on the verge of another movement,poised for the tour with the band,blood on the tracks waiting to be born.Essential recording to understand the artist.
B00000DCER|4.0|Because John Lee is with some hot friends, Santana, Bonnie Rate, etc. - this CD is bridged to be more contemporary appealing to a wider audience.
0316286443|5.0|I was absolutely amazed with the makeovers in this book! My favorite section is the celebrities section. He made up the celebrities pretty good. I had no idea that that was Gwyneth Paltrow as James Dean! :-) The best section is where there are makeovers on regular people. He motivated me to get a makeover.
B00003CWL6|5.0|In this story of American angst and family degeneration, Kevin Spacey plays Lester Burnham, father and husband, who hates his job, is getting fed up with his wife, and dislikes his life in general. One day, he snaps. He realizes how empty his life is, quits his job, and ceases to care about anything. He becomes free.<br />First, the acting is among the best dramatic work you'll ever see in a film. Kevin Spacey (one of the best actors in film right now) and Annette Bening have some excellent performances. By now, we know that characters like Lester are the perfect roles for Spacey- cynical, attitudinal, sarcastic. The way he delivers his lines and acts is very impressive: managing to drop the subtlest notes of sarcasm and irony into his voice, being cool yet so acidic at the same time, and injecting his attitude with such cynicism and repressed emotion, he shows in this film why he's one of our best. Likewise, Annette Bening shines and is almost scary in how deeply she seems involved in her character, projecting her hyper uneasiness and the sense that she knows how pointless her life is, yet still tries to hide it.<br />American Beauty discuss the image of the perfect American middle-class family, and the reality of it. In Lester's family and marriage, there is no American beauty. The film makes the case that true &quot;American beauty&quot; is probably not what you think it is- namely, not the seemingly happy family or guy with a nice job. But rather, real Beauty is to be found everywhere in life, if one simply looks for it. Lester snaps because he's intelligent: he realizes that his life holds no meaning for him, he hates his job, and his marriage is fake. Therefore, he quits, not just literally (his job), but figuratively (his former dull life), and tries to reinvigorate his life. He looks for Beauty.<br />Likewise, Wes Bentley's neighbor, who falls in love with Lester's daughter, is an interesting and ironic character- he always looks depressed and dark, and spends his day simply recording mundane events, like a plastic bag floating in the wind. He shows footage of this meek, pathetic bag being tossed around in the wind, to Lester's daughter, because in this he finds Beauty. He is comforted by the idea that all of us, like the bag, are being tossed around in life, but that it's all in God's hands.<br />I must mention how skillfully the film/script handles its teenage characters- they aren't stupid or caricatured, and they don't just mindly hate their parents for no reason, or anything like that. They are given personalities, and credibility (for we see, looking at Lester and his wife, that there may be a very good reason they don't want to be like them).<br />This is part dark comedy and part drama, and I'm glad that, at the point when Lester decides to quit and do whatever he wants to do, it doesn't become a full-blown, cheesy comedy about a guy &quot;letting it all go.&quot; The film could've easily done that and turned into a series of comedy sketches involving Lester doing silly and wacky things with his freedom, but it didn't. (There are some times when it comes close, though.) Instead, it decides to create great drama out of it.<br />This film makes a statement about American life and what it could turn into in extreme cases. It's about gaining freedom from an ugly, empty life, about appearances and the reality behind them. Take Mrs. Burnham. She's a real-estate agent, and she spends days tidying up a house in order to get a sale from someone; and when she doesn't, she breaks down. She's always busy doing something- cleaning, dusting, trimming the flowers, etc.- to keep herself occupied so that she doesn't realize the truth: that her life is empty. She never stops denying it to herself until the exciting climax. Lester, her husband, realizes it sooner; he comes to the conclusion that their marriage is simply an advertisement, a message to the world saying &quot;Hey, look at us, we're married, we're happy!&quot; And ironically, Lester's job (before he quit) was in advertising. Even his neighbor, the homophobic, strict, angry ex-colonel, has something repressed inside him. <br />I must mention the excellent direction and cinematography for this film, which are impressive, from the sweeping pans of the camera to the surreal dream sequences Lester has when fantasizing about his daughter's cheerleader friend (rose petals, which come to symbolize the passion that has left Lester's life, swirl around her whenever he thinks of her). <br />In short, the central theme of this film is &quot;look closer.&quot; If you think you see American beauty in our culture today, or if you think there is no real beauty left in the world today, look closer. Behind the advertisements, behind all the ugliness in this culture and life, look closer to find real American Beauty.
0812551508|4.0|Every year, millions children all around the United States dress up for Halloween, and many dress up as the malevolent Frankenstein's monster. But is Frankenstein's monster really evil? In today's society, it seems clear cut that someone who rips the heart out of an innocent person must be evil. However, this simply reflects our inability to look at such an event from a non-anthropocentric point of view. From the perspective of the monster, he only wanted revenge against a world that turned its back on him. Shelly does an excellent job of bringing you into all the pain and misery that the creature suffered ever since Victor Frankenstein created him.  And as for his creator, Victor Frankenstein, was he good or evil? This ambitious young scientist wanted to play the role of God, however in his intellectual quest for understanding the nature of life, he managed to destroy everything he loved. This nicely illustrated the ethical dilemma that arises when the forces of nature are tampered with.<br />Frankenstein is a great read. For those who may be put off by the publication date of 1818, stick with it because the book is well worthwhile. It's much different than the popular conception of the story, which is not surprising, considering the way it has wended its way through popular culture for almost two centuries. Shelley pulls off quite a feat with this book, and rightly deserves the fame it has brought to her.  Her attention to detail is magnificent, and her imagery was fantastic.  The action scenes were extremely suspenseful, and they forced you to read on in order to see what happened next.  Anyone in the mood for romance, suspense, agony, and action would truly love this book.
0553106635|5.0|This series gets better and better.  Martin seems to have no compunction about killing off major characters--unlike Jordan, some of whose characters hang around several novels past when you wish they would die. However, this only gives Martin's storylines a sense of urgency unequalled by any of his fantasy-writing contemporaries.  I somewhat ruined the novel for myself by first following only Arya's storyline, just because I couldn't stand the thought of her being killed.  Don't do it, Mr. Martin!  Highly recommended.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Yes, Christina's Christmas CD is a must have for this year and for Christmases to come.  Her voice really stirs your soul on the classics and her original holiday songs.  She definitely has been miss categorized, she is all soul and there is nothing pop about her.  Pop music lack depth and for holiday music lovers &quot;My Kind of Christmas&quot; moves your ear, heart and soul.  Yes I bought her CD in October and have been listening to her My Kind of Christmas since Halloween.  The duet with Dr. John, &quot;Merry Xmas Baby&quot; and &quot;Angles Have Heard On High&quot; are two of my favorites, but Christina Aguilera holiday offering is one that you can listening from beginning to end.  I have started celebrating the holidays early with Christina's Kind of Christmas.
0399146253|4.0|This is a true great work by Cornwell, of course I will never get over Benton getting killed, which is why I couldn't give this a 5 star rating.  I thought her and Lucy communicated to each other better in this book (which I have wanted all along), her distaste for Marino has become more apparent with each book (kinda sad), I was glad to see her talking to Anna (because she definetly needs a shrink).  A must read for Kay fans.
B000003TA4|2.0|Nirvana was a great band for it's time, but they only have 3 good songs by today's standards, number one, two, and five. Sure, they were good in the past but come on people, if they were a new band now they would [stink]. I hate people in my age group that just love Nirvana and old bands like them. Nevermind was their best one which was made in 1991. Nobody gives credit for Rage Against the Machine's first album that was harder than Nevermind and was only made 1 year later! And almost all the songs on that album are still great by today's standards! Now that is truly amazing!
0688002307|5.0|Of all the angst in modern life, the principal manner of thought with which we most often struggle is that of the seemingly limited choice we face between only one action(thing) or another(thing): does one marry or remain single?; does one raise a family or remain childless?; does one fight or accept peacefull compromise? Deeper still is the troubling notion that people may now more regulary unconsciously view others as either objects or subjects, rather than the multi-dimensional, holistic beings we really are.<br />Pirsig's basic tale--yet profoundly philosophical insight--about an undefined essence called &quot;quality&quot; being the true force behind all decisions of man or nature, offers a unique alternative to the way we have classically limited our attitutes to the &quot;yes or no&quot; solution. How ironic it is, also, to read Pirsig's insightful exposition of how history's renowned Greek philosophers both enlightened and elevated the western mind while trapping it, at the same time, in a cognitive subject-object division that we rely-on today.<br />The essential &quot;paradigm shift&quot; in thought and attitude suggested by &quot;Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance&quot; will become far more meaningfull in this 21 century, as people grow ever more technologically dependent, and simultaneously emotionally-isolated, from one another.<br />This book is an essential read for both the less-engaged, as well as, the deepest of thinkers among us. And like the Zen concept of Mu(that non-thing in the middle)which Pirsig speaks about, it can offer insights for all of us &quot;somewhere in the middle&quot; people, also.
B000003TAW|5.0|This album is simply great. Definately one of my all-time top 10 CDs I have ever heard. I was not the biggest fan of most alternative music of the time, but something about Weezer was different. Every track is awesome, the lyrics are great, and the guitars.....well, the guitars are monstrous. Rivers Cuomo blends catchy melodies, lyrics of teen alienation, boredom, etc.., with hellaciously distorted guitars, and it sounds beautiful.  There is only one way to listen to Weezer: LOUD. It's hard to pick the stand-out tracks. I personally love every song on the album, as well as on Pinkerton (better pick that one up too..). There are the singles : Buddy Holly (a guilty pleasure of many ), Undone ( THE definitive Weezer song, in my mind ), and Say It Ain't So ( remember the video with the hacky sack?? ). No One Else, Surf Wax USA, and In The Garage are also classics which I find myself listening to and jamming out to very regularly.  It is my goal in life to spread the word of Weezer! Geek rock will live on!
0762408480|5.0|There is something for everyone in this book.  It contains the story of a mean man who receives redemption.  Ebeneezer is able to change only with the intervention of three ghostly visitors.  They come to him and show his past, present, and future.  Throughout the journey, the reader has a chance to see possible mistakes that Scrooge made and how he has suffered from it.  This is not only a Christmas classic, but a human nature classic.
B0000057C5|5.0|rammstein's album &quot;sehnsucht&quot;(which means hunger in german) definitely sharpens your appetite. rammstein is an excellent  industrial metal band, but it would be even better if they were signed to an independent metal label.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This, I think is RHCP's 2nd best album. &quot;Around the World&quot;, &quot;Parallel Universe&quot;, Scar Tissue&quot;, &quot;Otherside&quot;, &quot;Californication&quot; and &quot;Road Trippin&quot; are probably the greatest songs on the album. Fantastic. 5 stars.
0812550706|5.0|I don't read SF.  But despite being an outsider of the genre, I heard such rave reviews that I decided to try it out myself, and see if it's an all-around classic or just a well-known work of science fiction.  When I started the first page, I didn't realize I was gripped.  I was only 'testing' or 'tasting' the feel, but chapters passed, and hours ticked by, before I resurfaced enough to realize I was hooked.  It was going to be midnight and so I attempted to be firm and put down the book so I could get some sleep.  But I wasn't just curious about what would happen to Ender, I was still living Ender's life, and I was still tied irrevocably to the book.  The light went back on and out came the book, and I didn't try to stop even as it became 2am and went onto three.  I was only satisfied when I had finished the book - and that, quite frankly, is only because necessity forced me to: I didn't have the sequel with me.   ENDER'S GAME is written in an easily readable style that can convey intensity and subtle human emotions better than the finest vocabulary.  I'm not six, nor a genius, nor ever was a boy; I'm not a SF reader, I have no military experience, I don't do simulators and computer games...In short, I have nothing in common with Ender Wiggins.  But his experiences are so real that they became a part of me, and for a short time I WAS him, and I shared his victories, defeats, despair, self-doubt, and invincibility...   I am definitely reading the sequel.  And the book after that. And the one after that.  I hear that they aren't as action-packed and hard-edged.  But those are the mere trimmings of the book and there is more truth to the story than that.  I hope you read it and I hope it's an experience you'll look back on as formative.  I think it will have a strong impact on whomever reads it.  Here's to Mr. Orson Scott Card, and may he write many many more intense, knowledgable, HUMAN books!
B000002UV1|5.0|Higher Ground and Fire ROCK! This is a great album! RHCP rock!
B000002UJQ|5.0|5 stars and 5 reasons why you should own it:<br />1. It's the best album of the 90s... I'm sorry Kurt, but your songs just don't do it for me anymore. 2. Once you're hooked, all your other music begins to sound like it should belong in a 2nd-hand CD store. 3. Paranoid Android... the Bohemian Rapsody of the 90s. 4. Every song is an absolute classic.  It will take you a while to realise it though, some songs will swallow you a bit faster than others... 5. If you hate it, you can come on here and tell 600 reviewers that they have awful taste in music and they don't know what they're talking about!
B000002UTH|5.0|&quot;Yertle the Turtle&quot; is the best song off this album! It's so funky! Woooooooooooooo!
6302548195|5.0|I am desperate to see this film somebody please help me!!
0780023013|3.0|Three different storylines in one movie In the first story Jane &amp; Peter Fonda play lovers when one dies the other begin to have a passion towards horses, this story didn`t intrest me a bit. But famous french star Alain Delon who plays William Willson(the best story of the three)a renagade Australian Soilder who has gone crazy because he is haunted by an exact duplicate of himself everytime he commits a vile act. The last story in this strange and offbeat trilogy Is called Toby Dammit,<br />played by Terence Stamp a reckless film star at the end of his rope accepts a deadly bet if he can survive a car crash of some  sort. Confusing but yet enjoyable as long you don`t think about it too much. This is certainly a film of the 60`s no chance nowaydays to pull off a film of this strange &amp; obsuere subjects.
B0000524E5|5.0|I saw this movie four times and I'll wait to buy on DVD when it is released. &quot;Coyote Ugly&quot; is a great movie with a magnificient actors: Piper Perabo, Adam Garcia, John Goodman, Maria Bello..., and a full of great songs. Go quickly to buy this film or at least rent it. &quot;Coyote Ugly&quot; will make you get up and dance every time you'll watch it. For me is a 5 stars movie.
6305075379|4.0|Mad Max is a very good movie.It's loaded with action,and it's got a good(but kind of strange)musical score that really adds to the feel of the movie.The plot is pretty good.It takes place sometime in the future(at least from when the movie was made)in Australia.The highways of Australia have become very unsafe,with biker gangs running wild.Most of the film is about a very nasty gang,led by a crazy guy called the Toecutter,that is out for revenge on a cop named Max,who they blame for the death of their friend the Nightrider.(he died in a fiery crash toward the beginning of the film,after an excellent chase)After the gang kills Max's wife and baby,he becomes the hunter,and the gang the hunted,and Max gets revenge in the end.This is a very good film,done on a very small budget.The only version I've ever seen is the American,I would love to see the Australian Sometime.This movie is followed by an excellent(and bigger budget)sequal,The Road Warrior.
0553208845|2.0|I had to read this book for a class and found different from anything else I've read. It tends to be confusing and sometimes rather troubling. I would probably not have read it unless i had to. I am not saying you shouldn't read this book but it just didn't pertain to my interests.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This brilliant masterpieces will hopefully be revered and remembered in all future ages, especially as it comes at a time where there is a huge undeniable void in music, not to mention almost every other sphere of our &quot;ingenious&quot; aristocratic society. It is a piece of work which is more aligned with not so much what is in your mind, that is clear cohesive forms, but rather attempts to touch on things more mystical like sub-conscious ideas and patterns. It is certainly a post-modern art work, even though it is probably the most innovative piece of work from the late 1990s it also cleverly borrows from Pink floyd's avant guard art rock. <br />But this album naturally almost makes Dark Side and Bowie's Low look like kindergarden, as it has benefit of hindsight, and an ability to be an eclectic piece than any of those 70s albums could have been. It is a mistake to completely compare it to another album I must say.<br />This album puts a glimmer of hope back to the music business. After all there IS a band who is willing to evolve at its own pace and parrallel with any audience who may wish to listen, not unlike early Bowie. They thus have a trendsetting ability. And they will win newer fans to their older work such as The Bends album and the pretty and innocent gem Creep -because they have something new AND unique to offer, which also happens to be quite mature and satisfying. <br />If this and Kid A transform a few musical tastes away from the mundane boring monotony, Radiohead's mission would have already be accomplished. They have so much more to offer, so with any luck, Billboards will still be around for some time yet.lol
0393317552|4.0|MacArthur fellow and UCLA evolutionary biologist Diamond takes as his theme no less than the rise of human civilizations. <br />On the whole this is an impressive achievement, with nods to the historians, anthropologists, and others who have laid the groundwork.  Diamond tells us that the impetus for the book came from a native New Guinea friend, Yali, who asked him, ``Why is it that you white people developed so much cargo and brought it to New Guinea, but we black people had little cargo of our own?''  The long and short of it, says Diamond, is biogeography. <br />It just so happened that 13,000 years ago, with the ending of the last Ice Age, there was an area of the world better endowed with the flora and fauna that would lead to the take-offtoward civilization: that valley of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers we now call the Fertile Crescent. There were found the wild stocks that became domesticated crops of wheat and barley. Flax was available for the development of cloth. There was an abundance of large mammals that could be domesticated: sheep, goats, cattle. <br />Once agriculture is born and animals domesticated, a kind of positive feedback drives the growth toward civilization. People settle down; food surpluses can be stored so population grows. And with it comes a division of labor, the rise of an elite class, the codification of rules, and language. It happened, too, in China, and later in Mesoamerica. <br />But the New World was not nearly as abundant in the good stuff. And like Africa, it is oriented North and South, resulting in different climates, which make the diffusion of agriculture and animals problematic.  <br />Funny, I didn't see this as the so-called &quot;Politically Correct&quot; (which seems to be a meaningless and trendy term used by intellectually lazy folks to dismiss what they don't agree with) thesis that some have frothed at the mouth about.  <br />It's a rationale and intelligent dialogue.  Unlike the Bell Curve, it relies upon reason and not fatally flawed statistical smoke and mirrors.<br />While you have heard many of these arguments before, Diamond has brought them together convincingly. The prose is not brilliant and there are apologies and redundancies that we could do without. But a fair answer to Yali's question this surely is, and gratifyingly, it makes clear that race is not the ultimate determinant of who does or does not develop cargo. <br />Alternative explanations are always interesting and welcomed by those with intellectual curiosity and open minds.  This book should have some appeal to these minds.
0553106635|5.0|Reading Drake, Goodkind, Jordan, Modesitt, Marco, RRMartin.  Waiting, waiting, waiting.<br />As far as the monolithic 'epic' fantasies out there right now, George RR Martin's is superior.  This third book is so very frustrating, and that makes it worth reading.  Martin's treatment of the fantasy genre, the use of fantasy-history, and the political system he has developed in A Song of Ice and Fire transcends him from the banality some of these other authors have seem to find themselves in.  The interwoven plot lines are deftly handled and I found only one of the Point of View characters leaving something to be desired.  <br />Comparison to older authors and novels is tricky at best, and I believe that Tolkien, Lewis, White, or LeGuin do not need their works watered down with commentary linked to present fantasy.  Neither does George RR Martin need his intelligent and valuable addition to fantasy fiction compared to them.  These books are simply better than much of what is being published right now, not that other authors have had inferior ideas for stories, but that this author sticks to his ideas, and doesn't waste time or pages doing it.<br />Read A Storm of Swords and its two predecessors, wait for the next installment, and be glad that there is a major addition to the genre unfolding right now.
B000002UAU|4.0|Many differences between the mono and stereo versions. See for yourself, its fun!
6305922748|5.0|All right.  I know the band has said this in interviews, but this film, while it has some great concert footage and some typically wise interviews, is a travesty of the facts.  Marty DiBergi - whoever he is - went out of his way to present the guys in the worst possible light.  So they got lost on the way to the stage in Cleveland; that could happen to anybody!  Nigel's complaints about the bread being the wrong size for the luncheon meat will be familiar to anyone who's had to deal with low-quality caterers.  When Derek got stuck inside the pod during &quot;Rock'n'Roll Creation&quot;, that wasn't funny at all, that was very serious.  He could have suffocated in there, or at least got dangerously sweaty.<br />Another thing that you probably all had a good chuckle at was the bit when Nigel's radio mike picked up the air traffic control.  Well, that scene galvanised the music industry into providing proper screening for wireless systems, which goes to show how one man's tragedy can help the whole business.  It's yin and, what's that other one, yang.  That's it.<br />The good thing about the film is that we get to see the Tap in all their concert glory, although I personally could have used more of Nigel's guitar/violin virtuosity.  (Jimmy Page was a pussy - he only used the bow.  Nigel used the whole violin.  That's imagination for you.)  But I don't think it was right to show the &quot;Stonehenge&quot; debacle.  It wasn't Nigel's fault that he doesn't know feet from inches.  If that designer had been any good, she'd have known that Stonehenge is considerably larger than even a tall dwarf.  Also, the archive stuff is great, and a reminder of how musicianly the Tap has always been, even in their early incarnations.<br />So why did I give it five stars?  Because, flawed as it is, it's still the only full-length documentary about a seminal band.  Do I mean seminal?  Is that how you spell it?  Probably.  And it's nice to see that they've stayed in the limelight, and sorted out the pod problems, and generally kept breaking like the wind.  Because pods can put you off touring, and touring is the Tap's life blood, or maybe their spinal fluid.  Yeah.  So I recommend this film to anyone who likes to boogie.  Remember - the sun never sweats.<br />But enough of my yakkin'.
0790743221|5.0|Anyone who knows the story of Katharine Hepburn knows of her triumph over that period in her life when she was known as &quot;box office poison.&quot;  This was the film which anchored that triumph.  Hepburn did not get top-billing in this fabulous comedic romp, full of pools, champagne and tangled romance, the billing went instead, to Cary Grant, who was brought in by MGM to play the ex-husband.  Hepburn had just finished playing Tracy Lord in the Broadway production when she brought the script to MGM - smart move on her part, since her striking and ever-adorable performance brought her back into favor with the public.  Cheers!
0792101448|5.0|Once Upon a Time in the West is an absolute classic.It was directed by Sergio Leone,who directed the man with no name trilogy.Charles Bronson as Harmonica,Henry Fonda as the cold blooded Frank,Jason Robards as Cheyenne,and the beautiful Claudia Cardinale as Jill McBain are some unforgettable characters.The cinematography is excellent with beautiful locations(this is the first spaghetti western filmed in America),and the musical score by Ennio Morricone is fantastic,and adds as much to this film as any musical score has to any film.The Good,the Bad,and the Ugly(also by Sergio Leone) ,The Outlaw Josey Wales,and High Plains Drifter are some of my favorite westerns,but I'd have to say Once Upon a Time in the West is my very favorite.
B000005PRX|5.0|This is my favourite batman movie. i liked the first one but i loved the second one. I guess because of the two villians up against one hero. you never seen that in any other one because it usually even. it has a dark story which i think has the best villians. Michelle Pfeiffer as Catwoman plays a much more creepier female villian than Uma Thurman as poison ivy. and danny devito is amazing as the penguin. but don't forget christopher walken as max schrek who also applies. the batman series went totally down hill after this one. batman forever had good qualities to it but it was missing the true batman, micheal keaton. batman and robin is beyond stupid. the worst. i hope if they do make a batman 5 which they probably are, that they have tim burton back as the director and keaton back as batman. tim burton does a so much better job than joel schmaeuker. so to end my review, batman returns is a must see and also check out the first one too but avoid the others at all costs!!!
6304698798|5.0|The third part in the man with no name trilogy-The Good,the Bad,and the Ugly,is one of my very favorite westerns.The story is very good about three outlaws looking for $200,000 in gold.Clint Eastwood(the good),Lee Van Cleef(the bad),and Eli Wallach(the ugly)are absolutely perfect in their roles.The cinematography is outstanding,and the locations are stunning.(fimed in Spain if I'm not mistaken.)The musical score by Ennio Morricone is awesome.It adds immeasureably to the atmosphere of the film.Overall,this is an excellent film,and one of the best westerns ever.
0345350472|5.0|Blade Runner - the book - was one of the few books that made me a sci-fi fan. I was impressed both by the author's style and ideas. Even if today one's vision of the future would be rather different than the one described in the book, it still impacts the reader. After all, a robot world is not too far away, and specialists affirm that robots will soon be better than man, which they are already in some fields.<br />I think that the subtitle of the book &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electronic Sheep&quot; reveals what the underlying subject is; namely, that human beings can kill without any emotions an android, but at the same time dream to own one -- less sophisticated and disguised a an electronic animal. And be ready to love it and to take care of it. <br />This paradox, which is the strength of the book, does not appear at all in the film &quot;Blade Runner&quot;. If the latter is a really good thriller, with good actors and a convincing screenplay (in both versions), it does not translate Philip K. Dick's fear that in the future, our emotions will be distorted to the point that a man will not be able to make the difference between real feelings and needs.
158234082X|5.0|I am a culinary professional and I can tell you, this book is the God's honest truth!  At one time in my career or another I have witnessed all the same activites.  As well as participated in more than I like to admit.  I can also add to the list of atrosities in the book but this is not the time or place.  Mr. Bourdain has carved himself a place in the history of the art along with the likes of Beard and Escoffier!  Some of my contempories label him a trator to the proffesion like a turn-coat from the American revoultion.  I disagree, these critics should thank Chef Bourdain for revealing this unseen side of our world!
0792846303|4.0|This movie is eerie, creepy, and just plain great. I enjoyed the way the movie built up to the climax.
