B000P6YNSE|3.0|I thought Lost started too late this past season and believe that was the biggest reason they lost such a large part of the audience.  People had already developed their viewing habits and then Lost came way later.  Personally, I prefer it when things are spread out over the networks so there is always something on rather than everyone running in September but Lost waited way too long.  I also never really liked the opposite either where a show runs every week for 8, 10 or more weeks in a row like 24.  I like the show (but not last year) but do like an occassional break.  The decision for Lost III to come out so late though is really annoying.  First off, if the show is starting so late, great and advertising for Christmas is great too but how about giving us all a chance to watch it again before the start of season 4 which cleary is going to be shown nearly everyweek after that?  If Lost II was ready in September last year, I don't get why the new one can't be ready the same time --- they would likely sell more too because the initial rush of buyers will still be strong and the Christmas buying will still happen too with new interest as the show will be about to start.       One really good thing though is the price ---- pretty good especially for a 7 disc set.  I of course will be buying it but now it will come after I buy quite a few others --- yet again, not such a good idea to wait.       One final complaint, more to Amazon, is the rating.  Why is a rating forced when we have not yet seen or had a chance to really see the product?  These early reviews are about the season sure, but without seeing extras, I have to give it the middle rating of 3.
0399237720|5.0|My 19 month old LOVEs this book!! She can turn the large pages herself and does not get frustrated because they do NOT stick or bend.  Additionally, the caterpillar is just the right size to \\"touch\\" each eaten hole in the book and we have turned it into a counting game....the only downfall....DON'T loose the bug!!!!
B000NVIGC0|4.0|If you love Wilco, like I do, you will love this album.  It is their most accessible album in over a decade.  Summerteeth and Foxtrot rank as my favorites, but Ghost is my least favorite, and I'm glad this is a departure from that.  Think A.M. and Being There, with a little more wisdom and professionalism.    I've grown to love this album.
6305907145|2.0|I'm glad I chose to rent this before I bought. I own many Austen romances in movie form, but I won't bother buying this one. I didn't care for the interpretation at all. The cast had decent potential, but no one really stood out. This really wasn't romantically protrayed. I also didn't appreciate the raunchy undertones that were added. Not necessary and not appropriate for a wide audience.
B00005JPFE|5.0|It was the first movie that my daughter, almost 3 years old, saw at the movie theatre. She went thought the full movie no complaining, no talking, no asking to leave... She loved it! And so we did. Another great Disney movie, for kids and grown up. I cannot wait to get the DVD.
B0001I55SS|3.0|It's supposed to be about a black hole.  It's not supposed to BE a black hole.  Produced two years after George Lucas's space opera adventure STAR WARS conquered the box office, this 1979 Disney feature was made as an answer to that film.  It was budgeted at a then staggering cost of $20 million, and boasted superior special effects as well as spooky production designs, and to this day they remain among the highest points of THE BLACK HOLE.<br /><br />Which is more than what can be said about the movie as a whole.  For a production designed to be an outer space epic, THE BLACK HOLE -- which involves a crew (accompanied by a floating and talking robot, V.I.N.CENT., voiced by an uncredited Roddy McDowall) trapped in an impressively immense vessel called the U.S.S. Cygnus perched dangerously on the edge of the titular mass -- plays out very much like Disney's own 20,000 LAEGUES UNDER THE SEA in space.  In particular, the commander of the Cygnus, played with scenery chewing glee by Maximillian Schell, is very reminiscent of James Mason's Captain Nemo from that film, only more ruthless.<br /><br />Contrary to that Disney production about the travels of the Nautilus (and, yes, Lucas's FLASH GORDON-style space romp), however, THE BLACK HOLE is narrowly devoid of many important qualities required to even make it a near classic.  The concept of exploring a terrifying force in outer space is an interesting one; however, the script handles it clumsily not only in numerous grievous errors in terms of space logic (Did any of the writers know that you CAN'T survive in outer space with no suit on?) but with the lack of a compelling or interesting narrative to drive the whole show by.  In particular, the secret revelation about the Cygnus and its captain are not hard to guess.<br /><br />Incidentally, although Disney commissioned a high-profile cast with names such as Schell, McDowell, and PSYCHO's Anthony Perkins, few turn in anything in the way of an inspired performance (Schell and McDowell fare best, but Perkins, along with his co-stars, is surprisingly stiff and lifeless).  As such, the audience does not connect with the crew or even feel more hatred for the villain, despite Schell's commanding performance.<br /><br />The only characters to rise above this exception are the robots, particularly McDowell as the heroic and kitschily named V.I.N.CENT and Schell's ominous, scarlet-colored giant dubbed, funnily enough, Maximillian.  Although much of the dialogue V.I.N.CENT spouts consists of groan-worthy one-liners, he and his companion, battered up Old B.O.B., liven up the screen with more personality than their human counterparts.  (Although there are those who found them to be pretty cloying; my real issue is that they look like Fisher-Price toys!)  Arguably more so than his master, Maximillian proves to be a frighteningly nasty and formidable villain, his prescence invoking terror to the audience.  A scene where he attacks and murders one of the crew members is still disturbing today (it's not bloody, but it's still quite intense for a Disney film).  That he doesn't say one word in the film makes him all the more menacing.<br /><br />It is widely agreed by many that the special effects I mentioned earlier are what hold THE BLACK HOLE together, although some of them reek of age, particularly some bad matte painting, but aside from that and the robots, the only other positive is the foreboding musical score provided by John Barry.  Although repetitive at times, it suits the dark tone of the film very well and is hard to forget.<br /><br />The real problem with THE BLACK HOLE is that it's droningly dull for more than two-thirds of its ninety-something minute running time.  Much of that time is spent exploring the Cygnus with the cast spouting stiff, uninspired dialogue.  Things finally pick up in the latter third, but again, there are some serious flaws in the conception of several action scenes.  Most notably ridiculous is when a giant asteroid crashes through the hull and rolls down a massive hallway.  While this sequence is very memorable, it only serves as yet another example of the incompetence of the writers' lack of knowledge about outer space.  More detrimental are the noticeable use of wires to make the cast look like they're \\"floating\\".  Apparently the Disney crew forgot to matte them out, but it's still very distracting and unintentionally humorous.  As I mentioned, too, the scenes where the crew members are exposed to the atmosphere of space WITHOUT any space suits are utterly idiotic.  I can handle the robot V.I.N.CENT. floating outside the crew's ship to repair a panel and save himself from being sucked into the hole.  He is, after all, a robot.  But the scene toward the end of the movie when a crew member is lifted by gravity off the exterior of the Cygnus and almost topples into the hole itself really should have been cut.  It is stupid, and as mentioned, only highlights the ineptness of the production staff's knowledge of space... or lack thereof.<br /><br />When everyone finally descends into the black hole itself, we get an extensively long, powerful sequence involving Heaven and Hell.  It's surreal and vaguely similar to the climax of Stanley Kubrick's 2001:  A SPACE ODYSSEY, but while it's an engrossing highlight, the whole sequence comes completely out of nowhere.  Worse still, it sadly undermines the epic premise and provides for a very baffling and frustratingly unexplained conclusion.  (The slow-motion sequence in which the crew is revolving inside their ship while hearing echoing soundbites from the cast is also very confusing; I get that it's supposed to be the surviving crew reflecting on their past experiences, but it still feels weird and very bizarre.)<br /><br />The special effects, robots, and music prevent THE BLACK HOLE from being a complete waste of time, but considering how this movie was Disney's response to STAR WARS, it's unfortunate that it fell so short of potential.  Had it been in more experienced hands, who knows how THE BLACK HOLE would have turned out?  Apparently Disney recently green lighted a remake for this film.  Hopefully the production team involved can rectify the egregious errors that this film commits.  As it is, THE BLACK HOLE is more of a curiosity than anything else.assive hallway.  While this sequence is very memorable, it only serves as yet another example of the incompetence of the writers' lack of knowledge about outer space.  More detrimental are the noticeable use of wires to make the cast look like they're \\"floating\\".  Apparently the Disney crew forgot to matte them out, but it's still very distracting and unintentionally humorous.  As I mentioned, too, the scenes where the crew members are exposed to the atmosphere of space WITHOUT any space suits are utterly idiotic.  I can handle the robot V.I.N.CENT. floating outside the crew's ship to repair a panel and save himself from being sucked into the hole.  He is, after all, a robot.  But the scene toward the end of the movie when a crew member is lifted by gravity off the exterior of the Cygnus and almost topples into the hole itself really should have been cut.  It is stupid, and as mentioned, only highlights the ineptness of the production staff's knowledge of space... or lack thereof.    When everyone finally descends into the black hole itself, we get an extensively long, powerful sequence involving Heaven and Hell.  It's surreal and vaguely similar to the climax of Stanley Kubrick's 2001:  A SPACE ODYSSEY, but while it's an engrossing highlight, the whole sequence comes completely out of nowhere.  Worse still, it sadly undermines the epic premise and provides for a very baffling and frustratingly unexplained conclusion.  (The slow-motion sequence in which the crew is revolving inside their ship while hearing echoing soundbites from the cast is also very confusing; I get that it's supposed to be the surviving crew reflecting on their past experiences, but it still feels weird and very bizarre.)    The special effects, robots, and music prevent THE BLACK HOLE from being a complete waste of time, but considering how this movie was Disney's response to STAR WARS, it's unfortunate that it fell so short of potential.  Had it been in more experienced hands, who knows how THEBLACK HOLE would have turned out?  Apparently Disney recently green lighted a remake for this film.  Hopefully the production team involved can rectify the egregious errors that this film commits.  As it is, THE BLACK HOLE is more of a curiosity than anything else.
1405208678|4.0|While much, much darker than probably anything your child has read, the Series of Unfortunate Events is still a good read for younger readers(ages 8-12) provided they are mature enough to handle some of the darker aspects of the book. There's nothing too innapropriate in the books that would make them unsuitable for children to read, but its still a much more mature read than your child might be used to, and may give them an unpleasant glimpse into the harsh realities of the real world.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Once you start watching you can't take your eyes off. It's absolutely mesmerizing! You'll love it! The clarity of Blu-Ray is definitely a neccessity!
B000002UA0|5.0|Before Pink Floyd became the ultimate 1970s prog-rock band, they were one of Britian's weirdest, most playful, and flat-out greatest psychedelic acts. Fronted by brain-frazzled acid head Syd Barrett, the Floyd's music sounded like the dreams of a gifted but sickly child, full of neon bursts of color and lush imagery. Barrett makes his guitar spit out fantasy-coated strings of sound, while keyboardist Rick Wright makes the music throb with wonky energy. Drummer Nick Mason and the bassist (some dude named Roger Waters) lend the songs an almost jazzy flourish, creating dazzling rhythms that make the proceedings flow like a river. The songs are great, too: \\"Astronomy Domine\\" is an infectious psych-pop confetion with surging bursts of melody and warbling vocals- one of the finest moments on the album is Barrett's decleration of \\"Neptune, Titan/ Stars can frighten!\\" Before the entire song slips into instrumental freak-out territory. Speaking of which, \\"Interstellar Overdrive\\" is an epic instrumental meltdown that delivers exactly what its title promises. \\"Lucifer Sam\\" is a wicked-cool strutter with some bizarro stereo panning and a slinky bassline. The dreamy flow of \\"Matilda Mother\\" and the stop-start dynamics of \\"Take Up Thy Stethoscope And Walk\\" are great as well. But really, just about everything here is fantastic- it's a shame that Barrett never managed to complete another album with the group. Fans of psychedlic rock will love this.
0618680004|1.0|It's amazing how the lowest common denominator of evangelical fanatics in the Southern Uinited States have come to represent the entire Christian theological and philosophical tradition for atheists like Dawkins, Hitchens and Dennett. This is, however, not suprising. Needless to say, the semi-literate, Bible Thumper from Arkansas represents the ultimate straw man. In the sections of the book in which Dawkins actually \\"confronts\\" the Catholic intellectual tradition his treatment is comically inadequate. A narrow-minded man of science who obviously has no training in the finer points of philosophical discourse should not even attempt serious philosophical speculation. His treatments of major issues like abortion are astoundingly superficial and once again, Dawkins focuses on the lowest common denominator (the lunatics who shoot up abortion clinics). Dawkin's \\"refutation\\" of Aquinas's five ways is truly embarassing. Apparently, he feels that 2 or 3 sentences is enough to brush aside both Aquinas and Aristotle. Aquinas's arguments are far, far more subtle than he gives them credit. Ultimately, one may agree or disagree with the \\"Five Ways\\" but at the very least offer a proper representation of your opponents position. One of the great virtues of the \\"Summa Theologica\\" is that Aquinas presents an utterly fair account of the positions of his opponents. Unfortuantely, intellectual honesty is a lost art withtin the current literature of militant \\"scientific\\" atheists. What are they afraid of?
B000E6ET1G|5.0|Originally released in 1972 as a big honkin' double LP, Nuggets: Original Artyfacts From The First Psychedelic Era, 1965-1968 is one of the greatest albums ever, a wicked-awesome guided tour through some of rock 'n' roll 's lost treasures. Although Rhino Records' four-disc box set of the same title (which includes all 27 of the tracks found here) is probably the definitive reissue of this material, this is cheaper, and it's the more concise listen. And really, how can you argue with songs like these? There's the thumping garage punk of the Count Five's \\"Psychotic Reaction,\\" the howling proto-metal of the Amboy Dukes' \\"Baby Please Don't Go,\\" and the zonked-out weirdness of the Castaways' \\"Liar Liar.\\" There's also some bozo frat rock (\\"Farmer John\\"), face melting psychedelic punk (\\"It's-A-Happening\\"), and gorgeous, Spectoresque pop confection (\\"My World Fell Down\\"). And there's more where that came from! This is nothing short of pure gold, a 27 track joy from start to finish. If you find yourself wanting even more greatness, go directly to the box set. Enjoy!
B0001I55SS|4.0|I don't care what all of the detractors of this movie say. I LIKED it. Yeah, some of the dialogue is hard to swallow, the plot is predictable, the ending was WAY too religious and there are many scenes that defy the laws of physics.    So what???    It's science FICTION, people! Give the film makers a bit of artistic license here!    Take this movie for what it is, a sci-fi adventure aimed more at kids than adults, and enjoy! There's no cursing (except for a couple of \\"hells\\" and one \\"damn\\"), the violence is mild, and the robots are cute which will undoubtedly appeal to the young'uns in the family, so EVERYONE can watch this one together.    Don't expect \\"2001: A Space Oddysey\\" or \\"Star Wars\\", 'cause this film definitely ain't them. It's cute, its fun and the special effects are dazzling!    I am glad to have this DVD in my movie library.
B000G1ALRK|5.0|I bought this album after seeing Eric Church and his band open for Bob Seger last December. Yes it's country, but it's country with a kick. Eric sings with the soul of an old man... a guy who's lived life to the fullest, loved and lost, and lived to sing about his insightful, sometimes comical experiences. The good thing: We can all relate to Eric's musings over family, friends and females. The music rocks. It touches your heart. Country fan or not, I'd recommend this album to any lover of good, lyrically powerful music.
B000TFINY6|5.0|Another great season of one of my favorite shows... glad it's on Blu-ray! Will watch it on my PS3.
B000P0I4O4|5.0|I Strongly Disagree with a Couple of the Reviews On This Page! I think some people are so used to huge commercially driven blockbusters with roman numerals at the end of the title that they dont know a good action film when they see it! This Film is a HIDDEN GEM and one of those Rare Action Films that actually has EXCELLENT ACTING In The Film! This is The Type of Film that Keeps you Guessing till the very end and Morgan Freeman actually does The Impossible, he plays a bad guy that you actually grow to like. Definatley see This Film, you cant go wrong with Freeman and Cusack!
B00001NFCY|4.0|Creed was still getting over the need to be profound when this 1999 release came out, but the results were promising. The band has its best moments when it relaxes. It manages to achieve depth better than than when darkness-cum-wisdom overshadows higher goals.<br /><br />The musical pieces were coming together for Creed in 1999, that much is true. Things had improved upon the equally promising--though from a lower starting point--MY OWN PRISON cd.<br /><br />Stapp was singing his heart out, the basis was acquiring a tight, punchy sound, and Scott Phillips drumming was just awaiting its moment to break out.<br /><br />'With Arms Wide Open' is the exception, and almost Great Leap Forward into what Creed would become by the time the subsequent WEATHERED album reached the listening public. It is a poignant attempt to articulate grace from within the confines of limited knowledge. 'Arms' greets the birth of a child with an elegance and emotion that one does not often associate with grunge bands. It is an artistic and aesthetic breakthrough of sorts for a band that would sound so good on this album's successor so as to make us almost forget that there was a time when we awaited a breakthrough.<br /><br />WEATHERED, when it came, would put it all in perspective.
038073186X|1.0|Ok, first I think that Dennis Lehane is the best writer of crime fiction ever.  Books like Darkness Take My Hand and Gone, Baby, Gone are standards by which all others should be judged.  What I previously admired about Lehane is his unflinching look at base brutality.  Mystic River marked the change for him...and not a good one.  His Gennaro/Kenzie series, remember, was written in first person...and he works with that better than anyone.  The third person simply doesn't work for Lehane; his writing has become stilted, generic and predictable.  This is an awful book.  It was a struggle to complete it, really.  I do not have the energy to list the 10 books it is similar to and worse than, but suffice to say that if anyone knows this theme, it has been done to death (throw in a few \\"codes\\" and it becomes deplorable).  Now, I understand why he is trying to break away from the series cliche of the Gennaro/Kenzie books, but he so remarkably kept those books fresh, while using the same characters, it was beauty to behold.  Maybe just returning to first-person narrative will restore the edginess for which he known.
B000003CM9|5.0|The allman brothers could do it all; Two of the best guitarist in the business, two drummers, great bass and piano.  It does not get any better than this.
B000RIHBIE|4.0|I bought this disc last night and listened to this morning on the way to work.  Best $[...] bucks I have spent this summer.  Yes it smacks of GreenDay's AI and they've always sounded a bit like Blink182 but bottom line, this is a very listen-able CD that doesn't really have a turd song on it.  So if you are the type that goes to movies to try to find holes in the plot or an obsessive fan that knows what color knickers the band was wearing on TRL last year then I'm sure you'll find something wrong with this.  If you like good music that makes the day a bit shorter, it's money well spent. This isn't Mozhart, it's not perfect but it is a good listen.
B000GYI32M|2.0|I have a theory about the OC - or at least the first 3 seasons.  The more grim and depressing it is, the darker the box gets.  The first season was packaged in sunny orange to reflect the humour and fun of the show, while season 2 was slightly more melancholy in blue...well Season 3 comes in a grey box.  What do you make of that?      I was hesitant to even buy S3 of The OC on DVD because in my memory it wasn't as good as the first two seasons, and I was proven right upon rewatching it.  My friends & I have discussed what goes wrong in this season (and the following, let's not even go there) and it's many-fold.  For one, the fact that everything eventually turns out okay is quite predictable.  Sure characters die, but they're brushed under the rug.  A second problem is the focus on secondary or minor characters as the original family focus is diminished.  All of a sudden you have episodes devoted to Marissa's little sister or Summer's dad or the school villain Taylor or Sandy's co-worker, and it becomes a lot less about the family unit created in Season 1 and torn apart in Season 2 with Sandy & Kirsten's problems.      Which leads to a third major problem, all of a sudden, Kirsten is a non-entity on the show.  She does nothing but give disapproving glares and momly advice, there are no fiery outbursts or comical musings as we saw in earlier seasons.  Did I mention the show also becomes a lot less funny?  Everything is all gloom and doom and misunderstandings abound.  But really the number one thing that I think kills this season is the fact everyone is so seperate and dealing with so many seperate (but predictable these days) storylines and small characters that you stop caring.    To recap the season briefly - if the above paragraphs haven't convinced you of its downfall - it picks up several months after the shooting incident with Marissa.  Of course, things turn out well there except Marissa & Ryan are exiled from Harbour thanks to a new Dean of Discipline and his student sidekick Taylor.  Ryan gets back in eventually after a brief stint of homeschooling (aka visiting Marissa all the time) while Marissa attends public school and befriends some surfers, Johnny and Chilly.  Eventually Johnny quite predictably falls in love with Marissa, who remains loyal to Ryan, but some disasterous results eventually tear the 3 of them apart.  Meanwhile Seth and Summer are figuring out their college plans, or lack thereof, Julie is searching for her next sugar daddy, Sandy is a corporate bigwig running the Newport Group, and Kirsten is...doing nothing.      One additional frustrating thing about this season is that a big focus is of course on senior year and college (although in theory if you watch season 1 the show started in grade 11 so season 2 was grade 11 and a 1/2 I guess).  Yet if you bother going on to S4, college is a nonentity!    In terms of special features, I haven't gotten through them all yet but there is a few \\"pass the remote\\" features, in other words, commentaries with Josh Schwartz the show's creator and various others.  The gag reel isn't quite as funny as past years, and the Subways 'making of' is kind of dumb other than to see a few of the sets in a different way.    Overall, a purchase only for the die-hard OC fan (I got mine on sale for $20).  It'll break your heart to watch the show that rocked us so much in season 1, and more or less in season 2...and don't even get me started on season 4.
0141439580|4.0|I read this book in college and I reread it every so often. Emma is a funny, light story that is more than a little touching. Emma is so busy arranging other people's lives that she neglects her own wants and needs. Emma is wealthy and a godd person, but she's not a saint and she doean't come off as one.
0618680004|2.0|The atheistic literary pantheon is currently comprised of three men: Sam Harris, Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens. All three men have written bestselling books and all three have published their most recent efforts in the past year. While I have no reason to believe that they have planned their books to coincide thematically or chronologically, their books do resemble each other in several ways. All three men believe that religion is a blight on society and all of them choose to deal most specifically with the evils of Christianity and its adherents. All three believe that religion harms far more than it hurts and all of them are angry and unwilling to be silent about all of this. Of these three, Dawkins is the most influential and we can rightly say that he is currently the most prominent atheist in the world.<br /><br />Sam Harris, the philosopher, has a kind of \\"guy next door\\" quality. Though he's clearly angry and has a bone to pick with religions and their adherents, he maintains a certain philosophical niceness and aloofness. Dawkins plays the role of the brilliant scientist and doesn't care to be nice. Christopher Hitchens, the reporter, plays the role of the curmudgeon, confidently leveling both barrels and telling his readers exactly what he believes. Where Sam Harris's book, which I recently reviewed, took the form of a Letter to a Christian Nation and was short and to the point, Dawkins's The God Delusion is more formal, verbose and sometimes rambling. Where a reader may be left wishing Harris would expand on some of his points a little, he will often wish Dawkins would just get to the point already. We'll get to Dawkins's main point momentarily.<br /><br />Dawkins begins by describing the purpose and intended audience of this book. \\"It is intended to raise consciousness--raise consciousness to the fact that to be an atheist is a realistic aspiration, and a brave and splendid one. You can be an atheist who is happy, balanced, moral, and intellectually fulfilled.\\" Shortly after he says, \\"If this book works as I intend, religious leaders who open it will be atheists when they put it down.\\" Though he admits this may be presumptuous optimism, it seems clear that he is serious. He wants to see nothing less than the eradication of religion and the conversion (or de-conversion) of religious adherents. Making it clear that it is Christians to whom he speaks more than any other, he wastes no time in sharing his opinion of God, at least as He reveals Himself in the Old Testament. \\"The God of the Old Testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction: jealous and proud of it; a petty, unjust, unforgiving control freak; a vindictive, bloodthirsty ethnic cleanser; a misogynistic, homophobic, racist, infanticidal, genocidal, filicidal, pestilential, megalomaniacal, sadomasochistic, capriciously malevolent bully.\\" Having made clear what he thinks of God, Dawkins defines what he calls the God Hypothesis. \\"There exists a superhuman, supernatural intelligence who deliberately designed and created the universe and everything in it, including us.\\" Dawkins provides an alternate view. \\"Any creative intelligence, of sufficient complexity to design anything, comes into existence only as the end product of an extended product of gradual evolution.\\" God, thus, is a delusion. Dawkins sets out to show that He is a dangerous delusion and attempts to show where He has come from.<br /><br />Dawkins admits that science cannot disprove God. However, he does feel that science makes God so improbable as to all but disprove His existence. \\"What matters is not whether God is disprovable (he isn't) but whether his existence is probable.\\" After dedicating a chapter to dealing with common arguments for God's existence (among which are the proofs offered by Thomas Aquinas, ontological arguments, arguments from beauty, experience, Scripture and even Christian scientists, and so on) he gets to the heart of the book, the argument thathe considers extremely powerful and perhaps even impossible to overcome. Turning on the familiar question of \\"Who made God?\\" he makes an argument from improbability (calling this the Ultimate Boeing 747 gambit--a phrase that will make sense to those who are familiar with Fred Hoyle's argument for proving God from design). \\"However statistically improbable the entity you seek to explain by invoking a designer, the designer himself has got to be at least as improbable.\\" For this argument to work it is important for people to understand that Darwinism teaches us to be wary of the assumption that the only alternative to chance is design. Instead, Darwinism shows that there can be \\"graded ramps of slowly increasing complexity.\\" It shows that organized complexity can arise without the hand of a designer. Thus Darwinism, according to Dawkins, is \\"the ultimate scientific consciousness-raiser.\\"<br /><br />The question Dawkins says theists are unable to answer is this one: Who designed the designer? An entity capable of designing something as improbable and complex as any number of the amazing plants and animals we see in the world would have to be far more improbable. Positing a designer simply aggravates the problem of statistical improbability, so improbable is it that there would be both design and a designer. Design, says Dawkins, is simply unable to deal with improbability. Natural selection, though, is a \\"cumulative process, which breaks the problem of improbability up into small pieces. Each of the small pieces is slightly improbable, but not prohibitively so.\\" Natural selection has the power, says Dawkins, to tame improbability. Interestingly, such an assertion goes directly against the work of Michael Behe in his recent book The Edge of Evolution where he discusses the improbability of the mutations upon which evolution depends (and yes, I realize that even mentioning Behe's name will make many people cease reading this review, so great is animosity towards him. But read my review of his book and you'll see that I'm no great fan either). Behe also plays the statistics and probability game but with very different conclusions.<br /><br />Even here, at the conclusion of Dawkins's primary argument, we are only 160 pages into this 400 page book. He goes on to discuss the roots of religion, attempting to understand how religion evolved. After all, \\"Religion is so wasteful, so extravagant; and Darwinian selection habitually targets and eliminates waste.\\" Why, then, does it persist so widely? He proposes that religion is a by-product of something else and is really just the misfiring of an underlying psychological propensity which at one time may have been useful. He then discusses morality, attempting to show that humans do not need religion to be moral, providing several reasons he feels morality can be explained through a Darwinian lens: genetic kinship, reciprocation, benefit from acquiring a reputation for a particular trait and the benefit of conspicuous generosity as a way of buying unfakeably authentic advertising. After suggesting that modern morality does not stem from or depend upon the Bible (and after mocking the biblical concept of atonement), he discusses what is wrong and harmful in religion. Two chapters remain. In the first of these he discusses children, suggesting that raising children to be religious is a form of child abuse (though he backs down from suggesting whether such abuse should be grounds for authorities to punish parents or revoke their parental rights) and in the final chapter shows, to his satisfaction, at least, that humanity has no \\"God-shaped hole,\\" no gap that religion needs to fill in individuals or in society.<br /><br />The book raised two overarching questions in my mind. I was fascinated by Dawkins's continued references to luck. Luck is necessary even to his central argument. \\"Natural selection works because it is a cumulative one-way street to improvement. It needs some luck to get started,and the 'billions of planets' anthropic principle grants it that luck.\\" But what is luck? Might it be that even an atheist realizes that even natural selection is an incomplete explanation and that there must exist some force outside of even that? How can luck be a satisfying explanation for a man of science? Is luck ultimately any more satisfying than the presence of a deity? And as for probability, is probability not relative to a person's perspective? Near the end of the book Dawkins deals quite enjoyable with perspective, showing that we, as humans, only perceive an object like a rock as being solid because of our perspective. Were we much smaller, we would see not a solid mass but the gaps between the atoms. So who are we to declare what is probable and improbable? Dawkins often accuses theists of having too narrow a perspective, of having an arrogance caused by a too-narrow perspective, yet he seems to fall into this same pit with his limited view of probability.<br /><br />While Dawkins never claimed that he would be fair, I did note that he dealt exceedingly harshly with religion. For example, the book contains multitudes of stories where Christianity is claimed to be the cause of great sins and evils. He continually shows religion in general, and Christianity in particular, at its absolute worst. Never does he pause to show how Christians have brought help and healing to the world. He shows how professed Christians carried on the slave trade, but does not show how they led to its destruction. But when it comes to atheism he provides no bad examples. Even when he discusses Stalin and Hitler he suggests that they committed atrocities not because of their atheistic ideology, but in spite of it. Religious people, it seems, do evil in the name of their faith while atheists do evil despite their lack of faith. This is hardly fair; hardly convincing.<br /><br />Then again, I don't suppose I should go looking for fairness. Dawkins made it clear that he intended that this book would drive Christians away from their faith. It certainly did nothing to rock my faith. Despite the fact that this book attempted to do harm to the One I love most, I still enjoyed reading it and would even go so far as to recommend books of this nature to discerning Christian readers. I find it interesting to see how atheist thought is evolving, especially now that atheism is becoming a more legitimate, a more respectable alternative in our society. Dawkins is, in many ways, leading this charge as one of its elder statesmen. Then again, perhaps there is little hope for me. Dawkins makes it clear that religion is the opiate of the masses of those who are not as intelligent as he is and are perhaps not quite as evolved. Throughout the book he takes jabs at those who are not intelligent enough to see that religion is vestigial, that it is just a by-product of something else and that it serves no practical purpose. He is condescending towards those who hold to religion and has a kind of pity for them. There is a sense in which he is right. If God is not real, if Jesus is not the Son of God and has not risen from the dead, Christians are to be pitied above all, for we spend our lives in the wasteful pursuit of a God who is not there.<br /><br />But my faith remains. The atheist has faith in science and mathematics, faith in pure probability and faith in his own ability to properly interpret them. The faith of the Christian lies elsewhere. We both have faith. But the Christian has hope.you'll see that I'm no great fan either). Behe also plays the statistics and probability game but with very different conclusions.    Even here, at the conclusion of Dawkins's primary argument, we are only 160 pages into this 400 page book. He goes on to discuss the roots of religion, attempting to understand how religion evolved. After all, \\"Religion is so wasteful, so extravagant; and Darwinian selection habitually targets and eliminates waste.\\" Why, then, does it persist so widely? He proposes that religion is a by-product of something else and is really just the misfiring of an underlying psychological propensity which at one time may have been useful. He then discusses morality, attempting to show that humans do not need religion to be moral, providing several reasons he feels morality can be explained through a Darwinian lens: genetic kinship, reciprocation, benefit from acquiring a reputation for a particular trait and the benefit of conspicuous generosity as a way of buying unfakeably authentic advertising. After suggesting that modern morality does not stem from or depend upon the Bible (and after mocking the biblical concept of atonement), he discusses what is wrong and harmful in religion. Two chapters remain. In the first of these he discusses children, suggesting that raising children to be religious is a form of child abuse (though he backs down from suggesting whether such abuse should be grounds for authorities to punish parents or revoke their parental rights) and in the final chapter shows, to his satisfaction, at least, that humanity has no \\"God-shaped hole,\\" no gap that religion needs to fill in individuals or in society.    The book raised two overarching questions in my mind. I was fascinated by Dawkins's continued references to luck. Luck is necessary even to his central argument. \\"Natural selection works because it is a cumulative one-way street to improvement. It needs some luck to get started, and the 'billions of planets' anthropic principle grants it that luck.\\" But what is luck? Might it be that even an atheist realizes that even natural selection is an incomplete explanation and that there must exist some force outside of even that? How can luck be a satisfying explanation for a man of science? Is luck ultimately any more satisfying than the presence of a deity? And as for probability, is probability not relative to a person's perspective? Near the end of the book Dawkins deals quite enjoyable with perspective, showing that we, as humans, only perceive an object like a rock as being solid because of our perspective. Were we much smaller, we would see not a solid mass but the gaps between the atoms. So who are we to declare what is probable and improbable? Dawkins often accuses theists of having too narrow a perspective, of having an arrogance caused by a too-narrow perspective, yet he seems to fall into this same pit with his limited view of probability.    While Dawkins never claimed that he would be fair, I did note that he dealt exceedingly harshly with religion. For example, the book contains multitudes of stories where Christianity is claimed to be the cause of great sins and evils. He continually shows religion in general, and Christianity in particular, at its absolute worst. Never does he pause to show how Christians have brought help and healing to the world. He shows how professed Christians carried on the slave trade, but does not show how they led to its destruction. But when it comes to atheism he provides no bad examples. Even when he discusses Stalin and Hitler he suggests that they committed atrocities not because of their atheistic ideology, but in spite of it. Religious people, it seems, do evil in the name of their faith while atheists do evil despite their lack of faith. This is hardly fair; hardly convincing.    Then again, I don't suppose I should go looking for fairness. Dawkins made it clear that he intended that this book would drive Christians away from their faith. It certainly did nothing to rock my faith. Despite the fact that this book attempted to do harm to the One I love most, I still enjoyed reading it and would even go so far as to recommend books of this nature to discerning Christian readers. I find it interesting to see how atheist thought is evolving, especially now that atheism is becoming a more legitimate, a more respectable alternative in our society. Dawkins is, in many ways, leading this charge as one of its elder statesmen. Then again, perhaps there is little hope for me. Dawkins makes it clear that religion is the opiate of the masses of those who are not as intelligent as he is and are perhaps not quite as evolved. Throughout the book he takes jabs at those who are not intelligent enough to see that religion is vestigial, that it is just a by-product of something else and that it serves no practical purpose. He is condescending towards those who hold to religion and has a kind of pity for them. There is a sense in which he is right. If God is not real, if Jesus is not the Son of God and has not risen from the dead, Christians are to be pitied above all, for we spend our lives in the wasteful pursuit of a God who is not there.    But my faith remains. The atheist has faith in science and mathematics, faith in pure probability and faith in his own ability to properly interpret them. The faith of the Christian lies elsewhere. We both have faith. But the Christian has hope.
6301008944|5.0|This has to be one of the funniest 80's teen comedies. A babysitter gets a call from a friend in trouble and she has to go into the city with the kids she's sitting for to pick the friend up. They have tons of hilarious challenges and mishaps along the way. My favorite parts of this movie are when they have to sing at a blues club, and they get stuck between rival gangs in a subway car. If you have never seen this movie or it's been too long, you must watch it right away!
B000RIHBIE|3.0|Disappointing...    This is Sum 41's fifth studio album and the band has changed over the years. Since the release of \\"Chuck\\", the band seems to be taking a much more serious tone. Which disappoints old school fans such as myself. Just about every song on this album has a slow feel to it. You'll be hearing a lot of acoustic guitars and slow tones. Sadly, it seems money has finally become and issue. The album feels like another band performed it. I love Sum 41 for the unique feel they have from every other mainstream band, but it seems they lost it. Now don't get me wrong, this album isn't a complete disaster. For the most part the songs are catchy and memorable. The lost of their lead guitarist doesn't help matters. For some reason, they refuse to replace him. I think it's hurting the band. Anyway, if you buy this album I guess you'll get your money's worth. But for some hardcore Sum 41 fans, I believe you'll be disappointed.
0451529308|5.0|I read this book when I was a little girl and I love it as much now as I did then. The neat thing about Little Women is how I connect more with different characters during different points in my life. Romantic Amy, Rebellious Jo, Homemaker Meg, I love them all. This is a definite must read!
0800141806|5.0|I have all of tom hanks movies on dvd and i have to say that this one is one of my top 3 favorites.
0778321606|4.0|I thought this was a wonderful book. The author did an excellent job of developing the characters in such a way that made them seem so real to me. I read it at the beach last week and could not have asked for a better read as I soaked up the sun and just relaxed. Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this book to all my friends.
B0007ZIYM4|5.0|This was a fun FOUR SEASONS. The choice of instruments gave us a different perspective than one which is fully orchestrated. It was a family affair with Ms Jansen`s family backing her up.
B00011F5DK|5.0|I bought this after I witnessed a 4 year old and a 7 year old fitting their pieces into spots that I may have needed to try physically first.  I was amazed at their ability to play this game, and thought that it can only be a good source of education for my own child.  It is good for spatial organization in your head since you don't want to give away your next move.  Its only fun to play once in a row, though.  Maybe only 3X a week.
B000P0J024|5.0|THIS IS WITHOUT A DOUBT A FIVE STAR COLLECTION.  BUT, DOES ANYONE KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO THE VINYL ISSUE THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO COME OUT?  IN THE ORIGINAL PRESS RELEASE IT SAID THAT A VINYL VERSION WITH 3 LPS WAS GOING TO BE RELEASED. THE THIRD LP WAS GOING TO CONSIST ENTIRELY OF ALTERNATE TAKES THAT WEREN'T INCLUDED ON THE 2 CD/DVD SET.  IT WAS ALSO GOING TO INCLUDE A BONUS POSTER AND BOOKLET.  THANKS.
B00006RU5B|5.0|WITH A SCORE OF 4-1/2 STARS I SEE I'M NOT ALONE IN RATING THIS ALBUM A FULL 5 STARS! I'M GETTING BACK TO MY HARD ROCK ROOTS AND AUDIOSLAVE IS A GOOOOOOD FIT.
0757302661|5.0|I read the book and took the classes for both of my babies.  I had two beautiful, natural births and my babies were both 10 pounds!  The book alone isn't meant to cover everything.  The classes were so wonderful and gave me great information too.  I read other reviews and I can tell that many women who don't like the book aren't really understanding of natural birth in the first place.  This method was great because of the fear release that is so important for a calm birth.  You have to believe in yourself - not just the method!  I loved it and I tell all I know about it!
B000OYC3J8|5.0|THE TITLE SONG LEAD ME TO THIS ALBUM. I LOVE IT! THE ENTIRE ALBUM IS GREAT. EACH SONG IS REFRESHINGLY DIFFERENT FROM THE OTHER, BUT THEY'RE ALL ROCKIN. JACK WHITE'S A VERY TALENTED SONGWRITER AND MUSICIAN. HIS SIS ON DRUMS BRINGS IT ALL TOGETHER. A REAL FAMILY AFFAIR!
B000093BDX|5.0|We loved the CD.  We had been looking for a good collection and we found it.  Loved the price too!
B000002GK1|5.0|IF YOU LOVE LISTENING TO SOUNDGARDEN YOU'LL LOVE THIS ALBUM. IF YOU'RE A HARD ROCKER YOU GOTTA HAVE SOUNDGARDEN IN YOUR COLLECTION. GO AHEAD, RE-DISCOVER THEM, OR DISCOVER THEM FOR THE FIRST TIME, WITH THIS COMPILATION OF HARD ROCKIN TUNES.
B000QFCD5O|4.0|I bought this CD mainly for a nostalgia factor, since my memories of past live albums should have kept me away from it. But it was the original band...To my surprise this is the best sounding live CD from the band so far. Wetton is much better here than Lake was in '83, and nobody wants to remember Moscow. The band seems relaxed, even in their solos, and there is a level of showmanship (which is expected), that really outshines other recordings.   I generally dislike \\"unplugged\\" versions of anything, but I was surprised that \\"Don't Cry\\" and \\"the Smile has Left Your Eyes\\" sound extraordinary in their new incarnations.  The real gem of the CD (worth the price of admission) is \\"In the Court of the Crimson King\\", a 4 1/2 minute rendition that sounds solid, with a guitar arrangement from Howe that sounds like a respectful hommage to both his own 70's work in Yes, and the intricate virtuosity of Fripp (Yes, I'm a Crimson fan).  And now, the bad news... The voice and keyboards are a bit forward on the sound mix, and unfortunately some songs have the drums buried in an ancient tomb. I think Palmer's drum sound is a bit outdated, a pity because I love his playing on most ELP recordings (including the live ones). \\"Only time will tell\\" has the worst drum mix of the CD, hi-hats and cymbals are all over the place, when you hear them; and I refuse to think  it's the drummer's fault (c'mon this guy played Prokofiev live!).  Other than that \\"Roundabout\\" should have been rehearsed a bit, it's too erratic even at the slower tempo which they chose (listen to recent Yes live in \\"The House of Yes\\" for a killer version).    The rest of the songs are fine, and I can actually confess that as a nostalgia item, it turned out be better than a lot of the stuff out there today!    AR
B000F8O35U|5.0|If you want to cross the bridge, my sweet, you've got to pay the toll.  Take a gulp, take a breath, and go ahead and sign the scroll.    Flotsam, Jetsam, now I've got her boys, the boss is on a roll!!!
0142000671|5.0|OF MICE AND MEN is one of those sadly rare, short, truly beautiful stories that stay with you forever, the sort of story that you can tell from the beginning -- if its reputation hasn't preceded it, that is -- will be terribly sad. The sort of story that depicts a cruel, unfair, appalling world in the most sensitive and loving way possible.<br /><br />In short, a classic.<br /><br />The story is of George, a small, sharp man, and his friend/protege Lennie, a huge, muscular gentle giant with dull wits, who wants nothing more than peace and quiet and little animals. His grandest dream is to someday own a farm with George, where they can have animals -- and Lennie can tend the rabbits. George and Lennie stick together, even after the unthinkable happens and Lennie's strength betrays them both. And when it does, George has to make the most difficult choice he has ever made, one that will haunt him forever -- a choice where there really is no \\"right\\" answer.<br /><br />This is a read-in-one-sitting kind of book, but don't let that fool you into thinking it's light reading. It's powerful, immensely so. It shows, all at once, the hopelessness of human hatred, the helplessness of those caught in it, and the strength that can come through even despite these things. The ending may leave you crying, but it will not leave you depressed, even though all the things that happened are tragic, even though there is no escape now from the spiral of monotony and pointlessness that rules the lives of the workers. Somehow, the author pulls it off.<br /><br />And for that, it is a classic.<br /><br />Rating: Masterpiece
B000A88EV4|5.0|Mike Leigh's dystopian, bleak London is rendered more forcefully in this film than perhaps in any of his others: a sense of hopeless nihilism pervades throughout and one is left empty, disturbed and yet somehow satisfied. None of the characters in the film is actively likeable, and yet one finds oneself rooting for the self-destructive Johnny, a misanthropic semi-fugitive whose story provides the main thrust of the film's plot, to take as many other people down with him as possible. In his subconscious quest to do just that, Johnny starts off in control, encountering and psychologically devastating a sequence of increasingly hopeless characters, each of whom is flawed in a specific way which emphasises their own mental frailty. However, as the film reaches its conclusion, Johnny finally becomes desperate as he encounters his own essential weakness and turns his attacks on himself. He is offered an olive branch: a last-minute way out, but ultimately, he refuses to accept it, preferring instead to continue his journey all the way to the bottom. French nihilism owes a debt here: one sees echoes of this film in the work of Michel Houllebecq, Gaspar No&eacute; and R&eacute;my Belvaux, among others.
0151013047|5.0|In a recent article in The Washington Post\\" (7.22.07) titled \\"ROOTS OF RAGE: \\"Why Do They Hate Us?\\", Mohsin Hamid writes about an encounter at a book signing in Texas for \\"The Reluctant Fundamentalist.\\" He was stopped cold when a man asked the subtitle question in a politely pleasant manner that put both author and reader in the \\"us\\" category. Hamid notes that he had spent almost half his life in the United States: emigrating from Lahore, Pakistan at the age of three with his father (who was accepted to a PhD program at Stanford), learning to sing \\"The Star Spangled Banner\\" before the Pakistan national anthem, playing baseball before cricket, writing English before Urdu, and other activities of a typical American kid. The question cut to the quick because in many ways he is, or it seems should be, one of us.      The Post piece goes on to lay out an autobiography which in considerable part became the plot of \\"The Reluctant Fundamentalist.\\" Hamid returned to Lahore at the age of nine, growing up there pleasurably before the city was adversely impacted economically and culturally (strict morality codes, intimidation of politicians, academics, and journalists) by American backing of Pakistan's dictator Mohammed Zia ul-Haq in exchange for Zia's support of the mujaheddin, the Afghan guerrilla group fighting the Russian occupation which later became an American holy war adversary. Like the character Changez in the novel, he returned to the United States to attend Princeton University.    How much of the remainder of the book (Changez's outstanding performance in a business evaluation firm prior to being fired in debilitating disenchantment when he recognized the havoc his work was causing in the global workplace, the American girlfriend who ultimately fails him, et cetera) is unknown. But there is enough to support the notion that fiction, well written, can often articulate more basic truth than nonfiction. And \\"The Reluctant Fundamentalist\\" is brilliantly and beautifullywritten. There is no action (no bombs, no bullets, no noisy chaos) but there is suspense, gripping suspense (the feeling that something rather awful may happen at any moment), as Changez spends an evening over dinner telling his story to an American at a restaurant at a disquieting Lahore market. We never know the American's name or anything about him (whether businessman, tourist,, government agent)) except for his excruciating fear in the exotic foreign setting in which he finds himself. All this is conveyed through the narrative voice of Changez interpreting the American's reaction as the story unfolds.    The unnamed American is a stand-in, the nervous visitor in a strange foreign land, for all of us as we ponder the ghosts and goblins of the war on terror. Uneasy and watchful in that eerie marketplace, he could be any one of us anywhere. The girl with whom Changez falls in love is also, in a sense, a prototype for an America that cannot give up the memory of a dead lover (our nostalgia for the innocent security of a time that is past) and accept Changez for what he is: a smart, well-educated, if culturally different, Muslim foreigner who longs for acceptance.     In the Post article, Hamid answers the question of why they hate us as part envy and part reaction to American foreign policy. But his answer is less convincing that the one he offers to a reverse question, Why Do They Love Us?: \\"People abroad admire Americans not because they back foreign dictators but because they believe that all men and all women are created equal. That concept does not stop at the borders of the United States. . . .     \\"The challenge that the United States faces today boils down to a choice. It can insist on its primacy as a superpower, or it can accept the primacy of its values. If it chooses the former, it will heighten the resentment of foreigners and increase the likelihood of visiting disasters upon distant populations -- and vice versa. If it chooses the latter, it will discover something it appears to have forgotten: that the world is full of potential allies.\\"    Readers of \\"The Reluctant Fundamentalist\\" will experience, at least for a few hours, some of the feelings of others across the world who are observing our fears and anxieties as we weigh the crucial choices which lie ahead. It could be time well spent.
B000QUCNP4|4.0|At 2.5 hours, this is no brief interlude.  The film attempts to cover the details of Robert Graysmith's extensively researched book on the subject of the Zodiac killer.  But it's worth going through, with some breaks now and then, to see the work of Gyllenhaal, Downey, Ruffalo, Sevigny, Hall and other stellar cast members.  It also shows how working on this case for so many years destroyed relationships among the police and journalists because of the strain and demands on their time.  The case has not been solved for sure, but Graysmith points the accusing finger quite clearly at one fellow, Arthur Leigh Allen, as the most likely of suspects.
B000OY8NII|5.0|It was easy to order, arrived in a timely manner, and enabled us to rewatch the first season right before the second season was scheduled to start.
0316067598|5.0|I never knew what goes on in the minds of combatants in a war but this book really pulled the blinders off. I guess it had an impact in the way that I see things and influenced me to be more involved and caring when i deal with others. I personally resolved to do as much as i can to work for diversity and my vision of a better world for all. The guy touched my heart.
B000T45C6E|5.0|Will and his son give an excellent performance.  An awesome story of perseverance and teeting on the brink of ruin...
B000F3TBIO|4.0|Mike Patton for once more did a great JOb! Some of the most popular names of the Music industry are included in that CD and make it lots different than the common ones (with similar music style).  I believe u should buy it!
B000T46O8O|4.0|Will Ferrell had a good performance here, enjoyed the twists that the story provided.  Despite my looking for flashes of Ricky Bobby, I really thought Will delivered a performance that will earn him additional 'serious' roles.
B000NA77YO|4.0|\\"The Dio Years\\" was released this past (April) to promote the up-coming reunion with Dio and the other members of Black Sabbath, who are simply calling themselves \\"Heaven & Hell\\" these days. Well, since I don't own  this CD, I can't really tell you about it that much, but I do have most  of the tracks on this set minus the three new ones.     Here is a list of tracks which should've been included, but were excluded  due to time constraints, and the fact that this sampling of the Dio era  of Sabbath is presented on only a single disc:    Children of the sea (studio version from HEAVEN & HELL)  Wishing Well  Sign of the southern cross   Country Girl (MOB RULES)     Computer God  Time Machine  Too Late  Master of Insanity  Letters From Earth (alternate mix) (DEHUMANIZER)    Neon Knights (LIVE)  Heaven and Hell (LIVE VERSION WITH DIO's RANT)  Slipping Away (LIVE W. DRUM SOLO)(LIVE AT HAMMERSMITH ODEON)    I don't think I'm gonna get this one, even if I can find it used.  However, I own the Re-mastered Editions of the three Sabbath/Dio albums  from the 1980's, as well as DEHUMANIZER (1992).  ... And I'm  waiting for the new Live album \\"Live from Radio City Music Hall\\" by  the Heaven & Hell Project (Iommi + Dio + Butler + Appice), which will hit the shelves on August 28th, 2007.
0060594896|5.0|It's hard to add anything  new to most of the reviews of this great book written in the classic Canfield style. It was recommended to me by my sister, and now I am \\"paying it forward\\" as we say!  I simply have taken to buying 10 copies at a time from Amazon and giving them to family, friends and colleagues when the moment is right. And the feedback I receive as they read the book, inspires me to continue giving it away.<br /><br />While it's all common sense, and much of what many of us have read in other places, it's all here in one place, well organized and ready to digest in any size bites you choose.  While I'm not a big front to back reader --- I tend to digest chapters that interest me --- I read Success Principles from front to back.  More importantly, I find myself going back to it again and again, to remind myself of a particular idea or recommmendation, e.g. Ask, Ask, Ask; or, Act As If.  I find myself reaching for my copy early in the morning, with my first cup of coffee, before anyone else is awake.  It helps get the day off to a great start.  As I tell my friends, my copy is dog-earred, highlighted, written in the margins --- and I hope their copy will be too.  Success Principles is a great guide for the most important journey of all.  I hope you enjoy it as well.
1426458975|4.0|This book was recommended by many different speakers at a conference I attended including Donald Miller, the author of Blue Like Jazz.  The author of this book is very sarcastic and at the same time is a very deep thinker.  If your like me you might need to read over each page more than once before continuing but overall it is a great book.
B000C13Y2S|2.0|Bought this to put on my teen's backpack.  Keychain arrived and new out of the package the keychain links were broken.   I fixed the links for him and within one day, one of the legs broke off.   Not at all impressed with the quality.   The full size light was great.   Keychain not worth the $$!  Gave it two stars, as the light itself is great.
B000PA9Q6E|5.0|The record provides a glimpse of the 1997 tour by Muddy Waters, Johnny Winter and James Cotton, along with a crackling blues band.     This was one of the most celebrated blues-band tours ever, a tour de force and come-back of sorts for Muddy made after his very fine sides produced by Winter for Blue Sky.  The record does not disappoint.  The three headliners take turns on vocals, so that the sides ultimately lack some of the intensity and focus of the earlier-issued Muddy \\"Missippi\\" Waters Live, which features Muddy's singing throughout. Neither Cotton nor Winter can replace the greatest bluses singer of all-time. Nonetheless with sidemen such as Cotton on harmonica,guitar players Winter and Bob Margolin or piano player Pinetop Perkins, how can you go wrong.    The record features some wicked solos, especially by Perkins and Cotton and some very tight ensemble playing.  Run right out -- or click right in -- and buy it now.
B000P2A24W|5.0|This CD is really good.  I have been a Bon Jovi fan since the beginning.  My favorite CD is still Slippery When Wet but Lost Highway is #2.
B00001PE4D|5.0|Fun Fun Fun!  This is a movie that will have you on the edge of your seat!  Great action and lots of drama!  Thrilling with each passing minute!  Hot, really hot scenes that steam up the car window if you like to watch movies on a DVD player in a car.  I would recommend watching this while eating Ben and Jerry's Ice cream!
B0002KPIQY|1.0|Just shows how the modeling industry and then hollywood loves to exploit women and treat them like objects.  Terrible in the fact that something like this also makes girls feel bad if they do not look like a model.  Shallow idiocy that is again, praised by hollywood who cannot stop making money on this woman's death.  Jolie is an actress of immense proportions (no pun intended) but I am surprised she took the role.
0440241030|4.0|This is a good book and a fast read. The story is engaging and I would recommend it!
B000OQF6N6|2.0|It was my impression that this was a software program that had recipes to be used with Pumpkins.  I tried to follow it but there is just some guy whining with a lot of buzzing noises in the background, and even at times what sounds like Zombies eating something.  This software has nothing to do with Pumpkins and the booklet does not seem to have any ingredients even listed in the instructions.  Very upset and I am returning this product immediately.
0061124265|5.0|I think we've all had a moment in our lives that we think it's not worth it to go on even if we've thought is for one split second.  I found this book really interesting and worth the read.  Paulo Coelho writes books of true life and the meaning behind them. He always has a message in his book and I enjoy reading his work because of it.  Loved the ending of this book.
0446310786|2.0|nope sorry uh uh cannot do it I cannot do it.  Making fun of people because of race and killing birds is not good.  I do not believe in that and I cannot believe they wrote a book about it.  Rather superfluous and expenentially trimacidus if you ask me.  Best read on an empty stomach with a touch of lemon, and maybe with some kool aid that is shaken, not stirred.
B000NA1Z1A|5.0|At first I was a little iffy about buying the clean version, but I couldn't even tell there was a difference between the explicit and non-explicit versions the first few times I listened to it (except \\"Me & Mr.Jones\\"), meaning, I couldn't tell straight away where they had cut out the swear words.    Music itself is top-notch. The more you listen to this CD, the better it gets, and the more you come to appreciate the singing more than the songs themselves. My favorites are \\"Tears Dry On Their Own\\" and \\"Back to Black\\".
B000H2MTUA|5.0|I've meant to read this book for years. Now, however, was the just-right time for it. I cried, despaired, railed in my head, laughed myself silly... In a voice of unflinching honesty and innocence, Frank McCourt details his life as the son of an alcoholic yet sometimes caring father from Northern Ireland and the woman he fell for fresh off the boat from Ireland, Angela Sheehan from Limerick in the south. McCourt takes the reader on a journey from death, poverty and pain in New York City to more of the same in Ireland and back again. Settled simply between the aching hunger, hacking coughs and continual dampness are many universal questions about life, both on earth and after. I am breathless having finished it.
1594489505|5.0|I'm an author myself, and this guy writes a helluva story. Kite Runner was my favorite, and this is right up with it.
B000OLGCHA|5.0|I really enjoyed this soundtrack.  It's right up there with Prisoner of Azkaban as my two favorite HP soundtracks (though I like them all).      I really felt that Nicholas Hooper captured the mood with these tracks.  There isn't a better example than \\"Professor Umbridge\\" which charicatures the snooty arrogance, pomposity and ridiculousness that is Dolores Umbridge. You can actually hear her stomping sinisterly down the halls all dressed in frilly pink outfits.     I listen to this CD at work and it's very pleasant and not distracting at all. It makes my day more enjoyable to have it in the background. If you know of any artists or albums that sound like this soundtrack (especially the Professor Umbridge track) please let me know by emailing me at [...]
0143038419|5.0|I borrowed this book from my daughter and would not return it until I bought a copy of my own from Amazon.  Not only did I buy a book for myself, but for the two women closest to me in life.  The book is written in a style that will appeal to nearly everyone.  It is a teaching, healing, funny book and is on the top of my list for best read ever.
B000286RKW|5.0|This is one of the top ten movies ever made.  I may live in VA now, but I remember the Luftansa heist from when I was growing up in Newark with Tony Soprano.  Best mob movie by far.  Beats the pants off the Godfather, which was also a great flick.
B000E1YW0E|5.0|Well I've been wanting to see RENT for about a year but have never had the chance to get from Hollywood Video or Target to get it.  I finally rented it and found myself humming the tunes the whole week!!! The reason that I finally got around to rent is that I really started liking Idina Menzel (maureen) from the soundtrack of Wicked (she plays Elphaba) and loved her voice so I decided to give RENT a try.  U all need to watch this or rent the greatest movie in the world: RENT!!
B000001F9E|5.0|So begins a hard rock piece de resistance \\"Emerald\\" yet another fantastic song written by Philip Lynott about his homeland. As the closer to Lizzy's landmark sixth LP, 'Jailbreak' (released in March 1976), \\"Emerald\\" incapsulates much if the power of one of rock's greatest bands. The guitar duel by Brian Roberston and Scott Gorham is amazing! As a follow to 'Fighting', 'Jailbreak' continued the winning streak and has generally been regarded as Thin Lizzy's most consistent record. It was by far their biggest hit, unquestionably driven home by \\"The Boys Are Back in Town\\", their most famous song. One slightly overplayed classic aside, this album also contains fan favorites such as the title track and \\"Cowboy Song\\", especially powerful on the subsequent live record (\\"Jailbreak\\" being the kickass opener then \\"Emerald\\" with \\"Boys\\" leading into \\"Cowboy Song\\" and it sends chills!). Some of the lesser known songs such as \\"Angel from the Coast\\" (just listen to the guitar interplay as the song begins..flawless), \\"Romeo and the Lonely Girl\\" (typical Lynott sad song, but beefed up by another classic lead break!)and \\"Warriors\\" make this a must buy for the budding Lizzy enthusiast. While I don't know if 'Jailbreak' is a true concept album, songs such as \\"Jailbreak\\" and \\"Boys\\" seemed to refer to the same characters if played in that sequence. I wish to God rock radio would play more from this record, or just more from Lizzy in general. as only \\"Boys\\" or \\"Jailbreak\\" seem to matter to them. These quibbles aside, Thin Lizzy was thrust into the first division after five years and six albums, if only US success could have lasted then they would be rightly regarded as rock royalty. Roll me over and turn me around...Breakout...coming to claim the Emerald!
B000MQC9H4|5.0|My husband always labels movies and he has a name for certain girl movies....Chick Flicks.  He watched it along with some other male friends I have and their wives, along with my son and his girlfriend and they enjoyed it and agreed it was worth watching.  Okay, it wasn't earth shaking or thought provoking, but was enteraining, had some words of wisdom, nice scenery, with a touch of realism.  It's still a chick flick, but the men enjoyed it too.
B000N6TX1I|1.0|One of the worst movies I have ever seen. Inane, incoherent, boring, and depressing all at the same time.
0316067598|5.0|I will not go into detail about how utterly important this book is.  I read it in 2.5 days and have not stop thinking about it since.  Marcus Luttrell is a true American hero. What him and Mikey, Danny, and Axe went through needed to be told and it was done beautifully. Every American should read this book.
B000OY8NII|5.0|Eureka is a very quirky series, which I enjoy.  It is a sort of science fiction Northern Exposure.  I would enjoy living there.
B00005JNS0|5.0|The movie is great. Some things could be improved like why McQueen has its original colors in the final race instead of having the new \\"Radiator Springs\\" colors (as it appeared at the end). My son loves it and he didn't stop seeing this movie at home since the release of the DVD.<br /><br />Only this movie and Toy Story have the revolutionary idea of thinking about the movie AND the toys. The others only have the typical \\"not-so-look-alike\\" figures or not-so-funny-to-play-with toys.<br /><br />This movie brought us the great idea of mixing the Matchbox/HotWheels collection with the movie characters. My son loves any type of toy cars like most of the boys (and many men) but he loves die-cast cars by far.<br /><br />There isn't any movie that used this option (die-cast cars) for its characters and the idea of a growing collection set. That's why I think there is innovation in this movie.<br /><br />I hope they give us a second movie (and more die-cast cars).
B00003CXGG|2.0|Jet Li stars in this movie about a policeman of Hong Kong who went to jail for covering his Father crimes in order to get his brother safely in the U.S., but when that brother is killed, he escapes from prison, takes a plane and comes to find his brother's killer.<br /><br />The rest of the movie is a very dull detective film, with coincidences all around, but some good fights where you can almost see the cables. One good point, the killer of the brother was very unexpected.
B0000DJZA5|5.0|Let It Be...Naked is a great Beatles studio album.  Every track on this CD is great.        I love The Beatles' music and I'm sure I always will but I never bought or wanted to buy the original Let It Be because I thought I'd wait until I had their better albums first.  I already had a lot of the songs on other Beatles CD's like the 1967-70 Blue Album and Past Masters Vol. 2.  The versions of these songs from Let It Be were either overproduced with the distracting girl singers and unnecessary layers of strings or they were the cold winter rooftop concert versions which is not the ideal environment to record an album in.    What is great about Let It Be...Naked is that the producers and engineers were given permission to do their jobs.  They cleaned up, edited, and EQ'd the original recordings with the tools available in professional recording studios today.  The result is what everyone expects today when a high budget major label studio album comes out.  The engineers did a great job taking windy, noisy live tracks from the rooftop concert and cleaning them up to make them sound like they were recorded in the studio.  The mix is great.  You can really hear all 4 Beatles and Billy Preston clearly.  The sound is crisp and punchy, the arrangements are flawless, the mistakes are fixed and the in between banter is edited out, just like every other Beatles album.  I believe if The Beatles continued their routine of going into the studio with George Martin to record Let It Be it would have come out more similar to this CD than the original release.      Some people prefer bootlegs and demo tapes to professionally produced music and other people get attached to the original versions of songs.  If you are one of those people you'd probably prefer the original release.  Although I love to watch the rooftop concert footage which is available on The Beatles Anthology DVD's and hopefully will be available one day in it's complete form, when I listen to a Beatles CD, I want to hear the best possible produced studio recordings.  Let It Be...Naked does that for these batch of songs.
0156027321|2.0|Let me first say, that I didn't get any sort of philosophical enlightenment out of this book, whatsoever.  In fact, I can sum up the whole thing in one sentence.  Life of Pi is about a religiously overreaching boy who is castaway with a tiger and survives to tell the tale.  Really?  How fascinating.  I'm no scholar, but I've read more complex books than this (Gravity's Rainbow, House of Leaves) and I can safely say that I saw no underlying themes in this novel.  It's not even that interesting of a book.  The bulk of it's pages see Pi aimlessly sitting in a boat sketching out survival tactics.      I will surmise, that the storytelling here is above average.  Every descriptive detail is well fleshed out.  The plot is believable.  In terms of general literary skill, Martel does a fine job of telling this story.  But to what end?  It didn't mean anything to me.  The beginning of the novel was interesting, but then it just swerves into a 200 page deluge of boring boat life.  I really didn't care.  I would have been fine with the tiger just killing him by page 200.  By the time they reached the island, I was just sick of it all.  The ending wasn't even satisfying.      Don't bother with this unless you think you're up to a modern version of The Old Man and The Sea.  That's all it is.  No meaning, just decent storytelling.  Don't believe any hype.  I don't understand it either.
B000K7VHQ4|4.0|THE ILLUSIONIST is a satisfying magic show, but not quite up to the standards I expected. One factor that was especially disappointing: any discerning viewer could easily see what the final plot twist would be long before the secret is revealed. Still, it has a certain fascination for any fan of mystery and suspense, or Gothic detective stories involving the supernatural.<br /><br />EDWARD NORTON is Eisenheim, the magician who fascinates audiences with his clever sleight of hand and amazing tricks that seem to indicate he can bring to life dead spirits.<br /><br />PAUL GIAMATTI is effective as Inspector Uhl who doggedly determines to find out just what's going on behind the illusions, as much to placate his own need to know as it is to satisfy Crown Prince Leopold (RUFUS SEWELL) who has an agenda of his own for wanting the illusionist thrown into prison. It seems that his fianc&eacute; (JESSICA BIEL) has been a childhood sweetheart of the magician.<br /><br />Rufus Sewell gives the film's strongest performance as Crown Prince Leopold, with Norton appearing a bit uneasy in the pivotal role of the man behind the illusions.<br /><br />The film's biggest flaw is the last portion of the story, which has the inspector putting the pieces of the puzzle together as a last minute fix for the story's conclusion. It doesn't strike a truthful chord since the solution is much too intricate to be solved by fleeting fragments of the inspector's mind reviewing past events. It bears comparison to another recent film, THE PRESTIGE, which handled the same sort of material in an even more striking way.<br /><br />Summing up: Interesting, lots of atmosphere, beautifully photographed to capture the period with an appropriate background score by Paul Glass that is effective in setting the mood perfectly.
0765348276|2.0|I must admit that prior to reading this book I was barely aware that 'military SF' existed as a genre. Since this book is considered by some to be a pinnacle work within the field I shall not be investigating it any further.   I have read both \\"Forever War\\" and \\"Starship Troopers\\", the books most commonly referenced, for comparison, by reviewers of this work. While this book does take some ideas wholesale from the latter, it pains me to see it compared to either of these much more substantial works. Although it is like reading a lesser work from the fifties as it has all clunkiness of mediocre old-style Hard SF. With the benefit of fifty years hindsight I would expect the author to offer something fresher. Anyone who thinks that the author has come up with an original concept, technologically or otherwise should actually read a bit more SF. I don't consider myself to be an expert but I didn't find a truly novel concept in the book.     The author uses two rather irritating devices to make his life easier: firstly it is written in the first person, allowing him to claim that the drab style of the writing is down to the character and the lack of any credible explanations of the book's many inconsistencies is because the character chooses not to give them.   Secondly, for no adequately explained reason all the people in the armed forces are recruited exclusively in America. This is pretty objectionable and leads to the dialogue between the characters being annoyingly like sales executives at a conference(\\"well gee Bob what's up with this Skip Drive thingummy?\\"...\\"Well John I'm a physicist and my theory is...\\").     To be honest the book fails to deliver in all areas. It is slow and dull at the start, then becomes violent and dull. The author seems to feel the need to describe even the most mundane events in detail while glossing over all the 'whys and wherefores' of the larger picture.   The people in the book are supposed to have 75yrs experience behind them(althoughyou would never know it from the way they talk or act)and are drawn from a wide variety of(American)backgrounds and yet nobody questions the moral or philosophical implications of what they are doing.   At one point the main character feels a bit upset about all the mindless killing he is doing but as soon as it is explained to him that this is 'normal' he shrugs his shoulders and carries on as before.   Another time a character puts the point of view that a different approach(involving the use of diplomacy)could be considered, but since he is an ex-politician, you can imagine how sympathetic his position is supposed to be. He receives his comeuppance in a heavy-handedly predictable way that is typical of the books style(of course thousands of alien are killed in retribution for the loss of this one(unpopular)human life) .   The way the troops in this book conduct themselves could be seen as a sly comment on the Iraq situation. In reality I suspect its more a case of \\"there is no need to moralise as we're killing aliens not people\\".     All the above would probably be excusable if the book supplied the excitement promised. It doesn't.   Philip F. Hamilton's work has it's flaws but he does the battle stuff(\\"Night's Dawn Trilogy\\") infinitely better when he needs to, without making it the whole story.
0609610570|5.0|I teach MBAs. Its well known in the field that MBAs are very competent in analysis but not so good in implementation. The reason for this is that most professors who teach business have never actually worked in business and are research analysts. They teach analysis because they are excellent in that area. I worked in business 10 years before becoming a professor. I teach my students about implementation and they are interested. This is a book about implementation at the CEO level. I'm thinking of using it as a supplementary executive MBA text.
0778321606|5.0|This book and the others relating to The Shop on Blossom Street, was like making new friends and escaping to that shop for just a while.Although I do not knit, almost makes you want to. Excellant
1567184855|5.0|This trilogy of books - Journey of Souls, Destiny of Souls and Life between lives represents a unique contribution to the field of hypnotherapy (many books in the field of hypnosis and hypnotherapy are a rehash of the same stuff and for that reason I have found this book very refreshing).<br /><br />Throughout my life I would occasionally see a pinpoint of light - light that radiated tremendous love and for a split second that it flashed in and out of existence it tremendously cheered me up.  This pinpoint of light would most frequently appear when I would be engaged in some selfless act or would be contemplating doing something selfless.  It felt as if it were telling me that I was on the right track or simply giving me a spiritual pat on the back.  I've met couple of other people in my life who also see similar pinpoints of light - in different colors, but it never crossed my mind before reading this book that \\"wow, this is how we all look like without physical bodies\\" - a pinpoint of light bursting with energy and consciousness.<br /><br />I have always felt spiritually guided in my life, I have always followed my heart and I do believe that each individual can find all the guidance he needs by looking into his heart and by following his heart.  It is also my experience that one can experience his Infinite Self through meditation and through boundless love for the Infinite - yet I can see how many may find going through the processes described in this book helpful, in terms of overcoming fear of death as well as discovering one's life purpose and gaining insight into purposefulness of the circumstances that may be rather challenging and to some people may seem even unfair.  Perhaps people who have a tendency to wonder \\"why me?\\" may find it easier to accept the responsibility for the circumstances they find themselves in, to accept that on some level they have agreed to go through such experiences and to ponder rather what can they learn from those situations, what strengths and qualities can they develop, and how can they use these learnings to better their lives and the lives of others.qualities can they develop, and how can they use these learnings to better their lives and the lives of others.
B0000041DF|5.0|Recorded at the time Martha would play with symphony orchestras, this recording displays her mastery of the masters.  If Peter and Serge had anybody in mind when they composed these masterpieces, it was Martha Argerich.
B00006LSM3|5.0|I love this CD it has a lot of nice songs on it. there's one bad word in Brainwashed. But it is great other than that
B000060MMI|5.0|When the Pogues broke up (Shane left) I grew so depressed, because there was nobody out there that came close to capturing that powerful Irish sound. Then came Flogging Molly and happiness returned. This band rocks! They are a little more on the rock side than the folk side, is comparison to the Pogues. Please take no offense to the title review for this CD, just to be compared to the Pogues means greatness in my book.
B0001HLVS2|5.0|There have been a few good movies made in the last few years. I think 2001-2005 was a pretty good stretch, some of the credit due to Peter Weir's \\"Master and Commander the Far Side of the World\\".    You remember those old 'tales on the high seas' brought to you on the silver screen way back in the day? Of course you don't, that was much too long ago, but thank goodness for TCM! I'm talking about movies like \\"Captain Blood\\". Now there was a good one, a classic sea faring adventure if there ever was one. Long before the days of Captain Jack and \\"Pirates of the Caribbean\\" hollywood used to really know how to give us a swashbuckling adventure. Those days have, for a short time, returned.    When you've watched \\"Master and Commander\\" you feel like you've really been there in a story told of about 120 years ago, when the French and the English we're at war, in the times of Napolean. While the foot soldier held his ground in Europe, on the far side of the world there we're battleships and Man of war's battling it out for supremacy of the seas. That's what this movie is about, just a small glimpse of the little wooden world of planks, rigging and cannon held together by Captain \\"Lucky\\" Jack Aubrey of His Majesty's Royal Navy.    Peter Weir directs this beautifully crafted work, a historical adventure of what war of the time was really like. Not just a mundane historical account you understand, this adventure explores the lives of the men on board, their stories, friendships, struggles of course, and their encounters with the French Man of war, The Acheron. Captain Jack Aubrey (Russel Crowe) has orders to sink, burn or take the Acheron a prize. In doing this he leads his crew into the unexplored waters around the southern tip of South America to the unknown Islands of the Galapagos. A really beautiful backdrop to this story. The acting is superb with Russel Crowe giving one of his top performances along side Paul Bettany as supporting actor among others. The scenery is teriffic, costumes spectacular and the web of all the little sub-stories is immaculate. Its really a joy to watch and one of my favorite movies of all time. There are just not enough movies like this around, and to be so well made makes it a true find, well not really a find since it garnered 10 nominations for Academy Awards back in 2003. The art direction is particularly good as it did manage to take home an Oscar for Cinematography that year. The music is one of the best film scores I've heard in ages, and I like how they weaved the two main players, Russel Crowe and Paul Bettany's, scenes playing the violin and bass into the actual music score (even though the playing is not actually from the two, I think the sound editors did a fine job matching it).    If I could give this film 6 stars I would. It's just that well made! So much detail could be written about this movie, but that would just be teribbly monotanous, so I'll simply say watch this movie!
0385335989|4.0|As promised in previous reviews, I will also keep this one short, sweet and to the point.     Firstly, I must state that this volume HAS to exist.    Bree and Roger have appeared in the previous books, but their links to this tale have not been forged as strongly, simply because the story had not yet required it to do so.     Well .... in this one they bring it home and finally become important players in the Outlander series.     I adore Roger - and personally, without him, Bree would be too big'a chunk to swallow sometimes. (Another itty-bitty reason this volume needed)    Again, as I have said in previous reviews - this one cannot be missed if you are intending to follow the tale to the end.     Get into it people - there is plenty more to follow.    Cheers - Jo
1878424505|5.0|Excellent!!! and that is an understatement.  Fantastic reading, great insight, and a great avenue to understanding yourself.
0743455967|5.0|When I read a King book I always read EVERYTHING from cover to cover. I find it encouraging and comforting to hear what Stephen has to say about ..........  well everything really.     He is natural and conversational ALL the time and I cannot help but feel that he is talking directly to me. That in itself is a skill.     On Writing ~ A Memoir of the Craft: was exactly that. I felt like I had a private audience with the King, and he was sharing with me all the thoughts and insights he would disclose to a friend or fellow writer embarking on the journey of storytelling.     If this is what you are looking for in a 'How to' writing book, I suggest you get this book to balance the scales. He does not promise you anything and does not lie about the good and bad - or rather 'easy and difficult' aspects of being a writer.     He tells you his story and then gives you pointers where he feels it is required. He openly states that he may not have covered everything you want to know, but he does say that he believes he has told you what he thinks the most important things to know are.     It is not a book of exercises and skill drills, it is a conversation from one writer to another - a teacher to his pupil.     I am more than glad I purchased this book, because after reading it, I had a reality check about the life of a writer and whether or not I believe I have the components to achieve what I consider to be the Job of my dreams.    Money VERY well spent.
B000QCUB8I|4.0|I got this CD on the strength of \\"D.A.N.C.E.\\" which to me, sounds like a 70s children's show has dipped it's chocolate into Jamiroquai's peanut butter (That's a compliment and a half as I think Jamiroquai's the bestest band evah!) Never heard any of Justice's other stuff. Played the CD all the way through and the songs that immediately caught me, in addition to \\"D.A.N.C.E.\\", are \\"DVNO\\" and \\"Phantom Pt. II\\" When I first heard \\"D.A.N.C.E.\\", I thought I'd found my new Bassment Jaxx. Nope. I can sit and listen to a Jaxx CD all the way through and love it all. Unfortunately, not so with this CD as of this writing. I'll give it another listen this weekend. While I can't help but compare Justice to the Jaxx, here's another comparison. With a Jaxx CD, not all of the songs sound so much alike a some of their songs sound like they could be from different albums and different artists. I can sum Cross up in one sentence: Optimus Prime with gas. I was going to give this CD three stars. But because they're French and because \\"D.A.N.C.E.\\" is a banger, I'll give it four.
0385335997|4.0|Rather than write a million page review on this book (nor any of the others for that matter) I have decided to save your eyes for the novel itself and only state a few honest points about the book, as I truly believe that is all you really want to know.     If you have read the previous two books (which I highly recommend you do if you have not) brace yourself for this one folks, as it certainly pumps the love blood back through the readers veins, allowing us - the ever devoted audience - to experience the energy between Jamie and Claire all over again.     Sure, the book is delivered at a steady pace (Diana never seems to rush these things, thankfully) allowing us time to absorb everything properly giving the story a full effect. It's big, it's detailed, but honestly - if it weren't, it would not remain true to the others, both before (Cross/Dragon) and after (Drums/Fiery/Snow).     The passion is back and the taste of adventure is in the wind.     Get it - you'll love it - and I will see you in the review section of Drums of Autumn.     Thanks for reading my review.
B00005JP5P|4.0|The cast is excellent, the visuals are spectacular, and the music fits perfectly. I am really into the exploration of space and movies like this just fascinate me. I will agree that the movie turns from a Sci-Fi thriller to another horror film in space in the last 30 minutes or so, but even that part of the film worked for me. The only thing I didn't care for was the blurry footage that was shot of a certain character towards the end. It was okay at first to add suspense, but Danny Boyle did it a little too much for my liking. I'm glad my theater got this film, because for a film that won't make a lot of money, it deserves every cent.<br /><br />4 out of 5 stars
0757302661|3.0|She has a very judgmental attitude that put me off and discouraged me from finishing the book. I.e., you're told over and over that if you do the method right, you'll feel absolutely no pain... But of course, the flip side of that argument is that if you DO feel pain, it's somehow your fault. I prefer The Birth Book by the Sears, as it's much more \\"different things work for different people; we help you find what works best for you.\\"
0425188809|5.0|This is the first book by Koontz that I ever read!  I read it when I was 13 & it scared me like nothing I'd ever read before!  That was it, I instantly became a Dean Koontz fan & have been ever since.  I find that his newer novels don't have the same intensity as his older material.  I  absolutely would recommend this book if you like thrillers!  I think you will find yourself a fan!  If you only know Koontz by his newer novels you are really missing out!  Do yourself a favor & buy some of these older books, or if you don't want to commit to a purchase just yet, check them out at the library.  You'll buy them after that.  How could you not?
B000HT3JNY|3.0|Here's a story about a guy that found a short cut to success through a universal remote that programs a lot more than his electronic equipment. Adam Sandler stars in and produced this comedy about being careful what you ask for because you may not like what you get.<br /><br />Sandler is an architect at a New York firm that wants success and a better life. He finds it when shopping for a remote he meets angel Christopher Walken, who gives him a device that not only controls his TV and stereo, it controls everything in his life.<br /><br />He soons finds he can put people and situations on hold and, better yet, fast forward through parts of life he doesn't want to waste time experiencing -- arguments, illness, speeches, promotions -- and instantly move ahead to better, more properous times. This seems great until the gadget figures out his tendencies and auto-programs his life, ensuring that our hero will inadvertantly miss months, even years, of goings on with no ability to stop it.<br /><br />Meanwhile, the film revolves around comic episodes and one liners -- some not fit for family fare -- by the star and co-stars Kate Beckinsale as the wife, Henry Winkler as dad/grandpa, Julie Kavner as mom/grandma, and David Hasselhoff as the boss. The movie seems to go in a negative direction the longer it lasts but has a happy ending that will leave most viewers smiling and happy.<br /><br />I enjoyed this at home on a mid-week evening when it was the best thing available to me. This isn't a great film in any respect but it works well generating a range of emotions from belly-busting laughter to sadness to wistfulness and more. You may not like all the lines and find the story sophomoric but it's a good bet you'll experience an emotion or two you haven't otherwise the day you watch \\"Click\\".
0618871713|5.0|Bechdel's Fun Home is an extraordinary memoir--all the more if one reflects on how much she's grown as an artist since she began Dykes to Watch Out For. This is simultaneously the story of her coming of age and her father's closeted life. It is also a highly literary memoir of reading, full of the kind of literary allusions that the wunderkind author of Special Topics in Calamity Physics tried to pull off but couldn't. Not a single reference is wasted, each allusion illustrates what it means to be shaped by a life of books, to find meaning and desire in them. And not a frame is wasted. Readers should spend time on the composition and content of each frame in the text. Don't miss this one. If you haven't yet realized what the graphic novel can be, check this one out. You'll be a convert.
0752545639|1.0|Readers may be interested to learn that State Street Press in Ann Arbor MI, owned by Borders, has a Complete Works out for $19 New which is printed on nice paper (which does not bleed through under hiliters) and weighs less than 2 lbs. Sounds impossible, but true. The page edges are even gilded and the binding is leatherette. Recommend it heartily to all readers, with 5stars.
0440238609|5.0|This trilogy while seemingly running along the same line as harry potter and other sci-fi/fantasy books, runs it own course. The deeper implications and philosophical questions which start to fully materialize in the second book, only place pullman's work to where it belongs; along-side caro, rowling, and tolkein.
B000E97HIA|5.0|YES! the Prince I know and love is back!! This is a great CD! I need to run out and buy his new one now.. What a talented artist!
B000I5X81K|5.0|In Josh Groban's tradition this CD brings new songs with the wonderful Josh's voice. If you liked his first CD, do not miss this one.
B000QUCNOK|5.0|I could almost smell everything portrayed in the film from the nasty fish market to the stones, metal and rocks. Each image made me conjure in my mind the smell. What a completely original film. The main character made me feel sympathy and hate him at the same time. Rickman was outstanding portraying the feelings of a protective father demonstrating a love for his daughter that was painful to watch because he is so worried about what will happen to her. He did a wonderful job capturing the protectiveness, vulnerability, and strength of a loving father. The main actor, playing Henri, was outstanding.   I was surprised to see Dustin Hoffman as the italian perfumer. His accent was really bad and he kept pulling me out of the movie to Dustin Hoffman the way he'd go in and out of accent. His voice was distracting. Other than that he was good portraying the has-been perfumer, silly and desperate at the same time.  What a beautiful unique bit of film art. Not enough artistry is scene in film today, it's mostly about making millions of megabucks. But this movie was something that had you riveted from the opening scene in the fish market. Weird, but so well done, appreciated for its weirdness.  There was so much visual beauty. It had me wondering whose scent Henri loved the most, which girl, was it that first with the fruits?! Cool film. Also recommended: Black Snake Moan - another well-done film which can be appreciated for its artistry, acting, music, etc.
B000OYC3J8|5.0|Very simply put...this is some of the best and most unique music out there today. This CD rocks!
0440241588|2.0|I'm not a big John Grisham fan. Way back in the day, when The Firm came out, I enjoyed it, and I liked A Time to Kill some also. After The Pelican Brief, The Chamber, and the one with the kid who witnessed the mob killing, I gave up. This latest novel, The Broker, is a prime example of why. Grisham doesn't write novels so much as he writes premises. That is, he comes up with an interesting idea (a guy who kills his daughter's rapist, a law firm which works secretly for the Mafia, a pair of Supreme Court justices getting killed over a possible court ruling) and then he just sort of lets it sit there. There's often not much of a plot to his books, and since character development, dialog, and descriptive prose aren't really his forte either, there's not a whole lot there.    In the current book, a Washington power broker has been sitting in a Federal penitentiary for six years. The current president, and incompetent idiot who's in the last days of his first, and only term, pardons him at the request of the CIA. The agency flies him to Italy where they intend to pardon him, and he then spends about 200 pages eating pasta and learning Italian.    Really.    It's this sort of thing that turned me off to Grisham in the first place, and it's rampant here. At the end of the story, it's almost as if the author decided he'd better put some plot in the story, because readers would be annoyed if nothing happened all the way through the book. As a result, the last 50 pages or so have some action, but it's all sort of anti-climactic, and rather predictable.    If you like Grisham, this might be your thing. If this is your first book by the author, I would suggest something else, A Time to Kill perhaps, which at least poses moral dilemmas. This is just boring.
B000NA28A2|5.0|Excelent to be listened to or to use it for dancing. Variety of rhythms makes it exciting.
B0000DZ3EN|5.0|I was so happy when this film was finally released on DVD a few years back.  I have such strong and fond memories of it from when I was a kid.  Like most of us, I grew up with 1939 version of Oz, which frankly annoyed me.  I liked the fantasy of it but I was not so much into the musical numbers.  After awhile, it seemed too kiddie-like.  I remember reading the book expecting it be a novelization of the movie but being blown away by how different it was.  It was a bit more trippy in parts and it was slightly darker.  There was so much that not in the movie.      Then Return to Oz came out and it was exactly as I imagined the land of Oz.  Even though it keeps one or two of the aspects from the MGM version (the silver slippers are again instead ruby slippers, \\"There's no place like home\\", dual casting), it is really its own film and should not really be considered a sequel to the classic movie.  It is less like vaudeville and more like a docu-drama that follows Dorothy on her journey.  The actors are superb, especially Fairuza Balk.  It is very easy (and common) for movies to collapse under the weight of an irritating child star (Jake Lloyd, anyone?).  But Balk is never too precocious or saccharine.  She's a little girl who has had an extraordinary thing happen to her that no one believes, and she feels isloated from the only real friends she's ever had.  It's not a deep, psychological character exploration, it's just all there in her face and eyes and voice.      Yes, it's darker and maybe a little more scary than little kids are used to, but it's not violent or bloody or anything, just kind of bizarre.  We're so used to sanitized versions of fairy tales that Disney specializes in that we've forgotten that most in their original forms are often much more disturbing and macabre than we think.      The design of the film is more like what is described in the books.  I love the look of the Tin Woodsman in particular and I wish he had more of a part.  But everything is faithful to the books, even though it's actually a combining of two different Oz books.  There was such potential for a great series of films, it's too bad Disney sabotaged it.  (Walt had bought the rights to the remaining books soon after the success of the MGM version, but nothing materialized until the 80's, just before the rights expired.  The word is that Michael Eisner wanted the film to fail so that it would reflect badly on the leadership he was just replacing.)    The effects are remarkable for their time and are still pretty realistic today.  I wish there was a special edition with cleaned up optical printing, you can really see the dusty layers of film in the scene in which Princess Mombi is changing heads.   A proper Making of documentary would be great to see!  The music is beautiful too.  One can only wonder how much more convincing Oz can be with all the technology developed since 1984.  The possible scope is certainly hinted at in Return to Oz; the end celebration scene includes many other characters from the other books like The Shaggy Man, Polychrome, the Patchwork Girl and the Frog Man.      The only real negative thing I have to say is that it does lack a certain emotional center.  The main emotions are fear and excitement, but I don't feel as invested in Dorothy's motivation.  She is simply having another adventure, and I think the theme of friendship and the fear of losing friends could have been a little more explored.  Maybe because Walter Murch is more an editor than a director, the focus is more on story and action.  But as a fantasy-adventure film, it's much more than most in the genre achieve.  And as an adaptation, it is nearly flawless, despite the liberties taken.    All in all, a classic that should be in your collection!
B000000OA6|5.0|This is a great Queen record!  I HIGHLY recommend this!  One of my personal favorites.
B00027JZ3E|4.0|This movie originally hit when I was 17 years old, and there are few times I can think of when I had more fun at the movies. THE LOST BOYS is far from a perfect movie, but it didn't have to be. Rich in atmosphere, kinetic and sexy, this is probably the most entertaining vampire flick to come around until INTERVIEW was released a decade and a half later.<br /><br />Here's the setup: Santa Clara is crawling with vampires. Missing children posters decorate the streets like some unholy Christmas arrangement. Enter Corey Haim, a young teenager just moving into town with his older brother, dog, and single mom. And if this kid thinks his grandfather is a little weird, wait until he meets the neighbors ...<br /><br />THE LOST BOYS is a study of both good and bad acting. Highlighting the film are Keifer Sutherland, Jason Patrick, Diane Wiest, the manager at the video store, and the elderly gent who plays the eccentric grandfather (who also gets the last, and best, line in the movie). Our two Coreys (that is, Haim and Feldman) are pretty bad, but at least Corey Feldman was sort of over-the-top-gloriously bad, instead of just plain bad ... that is to say, Corey Haim.<br /><br />The first hour of the movie is the better half--or at least the more frightening. As Sutherland (the main vampire) exerts a growing influence over Jason Patrick (the older brother), the movie swims in dark colors, 80's vamp rock, and punk-leather costume design. Shortly after Patrick drinks Sutherlands blood, the two Coreys take over the movie completely, and Joel Schumacher's horror movie becomes a campy, action vampire flick (think squirt guns with holy water and lines like \\"First come, first staked!\\"). Funny? Usually. But I liked the movie when it was being scary.<br /><br />Despite its flaws, I'll always be grateful for THE LOST BOYS and its influence on my own writing, but I'm still waiting for the perfect modern vampire movie. This, almost, was it.<br /><br />(This review has been posted by Marcus Damanda, author of the vampire book, \\"Teeth: a Horror Fantasy\\".)eeth: a Horror Fantasy\\".)
B00000099Y|5.0|From the opening of Stinkfist to the closing seconds of Third Eye, there is absolutely nothing that could be changed for the better. Everything just flows so well in this album I can't think of a single time I have ever skipped a track. This is the one album I would most likely recommend for any  new listeners looking for their first experience of Tool. It has some of the more recognizable radio played tracks, like Stinkfist, Eulogy, and Forty-six & 2 (personal favorite). In my opinion this has to be the best album in all of the 90's and was a ray of hope showing that not all groups were going the way of nu-metal.
0385340559|4.0|I think one of the reasons I love a Jack Reacher novel so much is the way he meeds out his revenge with the exact amount of strength and intelligence that any of would like to have in the same situations. (God forbid any of us would be in one of these situations!) I'll admit at first I was reluctant to read a Reacher story where he's one of a group, but nearly halfway through I gave over and found myself enjoying the ride. Sure there are some convenient coincidences that felt like Child was really stretching a bit. (Like a hired gunman just happening to stumble across his intended prey in the middle of LAS VEGAS!) And much of the 'villians' seem pretty stock this time with not much to set them apart fom each other. But hey, I'm not reading this for in depth character development. This to me is like a summer blockbuster movie, and I appreciate the value in pure escapist entertainment. Not the best Jack Reacher novel, but it's still alot of fun, and it might have one of the best climaxes in the series.
B003CRM6QO|5.0|One of the 80's most wonderful popcorn epics,  'Flash Gordon' explodes with colour and energy in HD.<br /><br />This gem wasn't the blockbuster the producers hoped for at the time, but over the years has become a cult classic. And rightly so, it's great fun all the way.<br /><br />It's main weaknesses are the in the unknown leads cast (Sam Jones fails to really cut it as Flash) and some dodgy special effects that were ropey even for the time.<br /><br />But these are minor carps thanks to the powerhouse supporting cast who lavish their roles with tremendous charisma, gusto and wit. None more so than Max Von Sydow as Ming, he's simply sensational, given mellifluous support by Peter Wyngarde, wonderfully funny and menacing as Ming's creepy henchman Klytus.<br /><br />And has there ever been a sexier space vixen than Ornella Muti as Ming's daughter? Roaringly hot!!<br /><br />For the good guys, the wonderfully kinetic Topol is fantastic as Dr Hans Zarkov, and boisterously charismatic Brian Blessed was born to play Vultan, Prince of the Hawkmen. And it's hard not to think of Errol Flynn while watching the younger Timothy Dalton in action as Prince Baron, he's a perfectly assured swashbuckler.<br /><br />The design of the movie is eye popping. Then of course there's Queen's rousing score to add to the elation of this soaring piece of 80's feel good cinema. 'Flash Gordon' entertains in grandly absurdist style.
039472903X|5.0|An amazing book from a true master. If you're interested in advertising at all, this book will give you such a great perspective. Ogilvy is blunt and true all the way through. He's one of the greats and he knows it... but he points out the errors of his illustrious career as well. WOW! READ IT.    Tips, samples, amazing anecdotes. It has everything and is worth every penny.
0060578793|5.0|This is a very interesting book to read and has lots of great illustrations.<br /><br />If you enjoy watching Bear Grylls on Man vs. Wild, you'll enjoy this book a great deal (and Bear's book which is sold @ Amazon UK called 'Born Survivor).<br /><br />Note that this book is not about the SAS, just survival skills and it is well worth reading.
B000LXHK2C|4.0|MAN does not live by bread alone...wine is much better. Russell Crowe stars as a brash, arrogant, ruthless and obnoxious financial Trader in the 'City' in London. He lives only for 'bread' (hippie lingo for money), that is money and more money! Actually, his life is cold and meaningless but he does not realise it until he goes to Provence to a winery, his beloved Uncle Henry (played superbly by Albert Finney), has left him on his demise. He recalls his idyllic childhood there and falls in love with a beautiful French lady played by Marion Cotillard who owns a restaurant. A ravishing actress who also stars with immense success as Edith Piaf in 'La vie en rose' where you see her incredibly transformed into a haggard, hunchbacked 47 year old Edith Piaf. Her expressive eyes and charming French finesse steals the show here as well. Moments of comedy are a bit contrived, especially where Russell falls in the disused swimming pool. However, the half sister of Russell's character is also very attractive. Those who love wine and Provence like I do will love this movie. Provence is magical and when I was there recently in my capacity as The Travelling Gourmet, a Travel, Food and Wine Writer, my friend Rachel brought me to so many superb wineries like Domaine Grangeneuve and M. Chapoutier. Provence has a shimmering etheral beauty that tranfixes and tranforms you somehow. This happens to Russell's character in this movie. he becomes a much better and nicer person. He finally tells his boss, who knows only materialism and will never achieve 'nirvana' or understand that there are many things that money simply cannot buy, simply that you can keep your promotion, I have something better to go to. I saw this movie flying to Amsterdam on a nice KLM Boeing 777 flight enroute to sunny Italy, you guessed it, to study, taste and tour more wineries.<br />The love of a beautiful woman, the taste of good wines from Provence and Rhone-Alpes on your palate, the sight of the cool early morning mist in the gardens of Maison Pic in Valance, the flavours of Anne Pic's extraordinary cuisine in her restaurant (3 Michelin stars), all these are things money simply can never buy. What money cannot buy, no one can ever take from you. Yes, man does not live by bread alone A votre sante! {:-)st in the gardens of Maison Pic in Valance, the flavours of Anne Pic's extraordinary cuisine in her restaurant (3 Michelin stars), all these are things money simply can never buy. What money cannot buy, no one can ever take from you. Yes, man does not live by bread alone A votre sante! {:-)
B000PY52EU|4.0|A wonderful story that is emotionally impacting.  I found it to be a wonderfully moralistic story that everyone could learn from.
B000PKG6TE|5.0|This CD is awesome, as are all QOTSA cds, but definitely different. I can't believe it is getting bad reviews because it is a different style, just give it a chance, it takes a few listens to get used to it, but it gets better with each listen. People apparently just wanted this cd to sound exactly like earlier QOTSA releases, but that's one thing I love about QOTSA, is the fact that all the CDs sound different.    So just give it a chance, listen to it more than one time before you decide you hate it. I love this CD, and if you're a QOTSA fan, you probably will too.
B000M341QO|4.0|Entertaining and suspenseful from beginning to end.  I would recommend it.  It is not for the faint of heart.  But if you want entertainment it's great.
B00004YRQA|5.0|Amazon.com asks me how much fun is this game but a Memory Card is NOT a game and it's not fun. A Memory Card is a GREAT piece of hardware for your PS2. A Memory Card works great all it does is save your games and thats its job. I have had my 2 Memory Cards ever since I got my first PS2 a long time ago. Memory Cards are tough and do not break easily unlike my first PS2. If you own a PS2 and don't have a Memory Card then you need to buy one NOW. I just wish the price would go down especially with the release of the PS3.
B000088E77|5.0|my dad raised me up on his music, which I like very much. Our cassettes don't play very good anymore so I was really excited to get this one for my dad and me.
B00005JPLW|5.0|300 is one of the best movies based on a comic. The effects are terrific and truly believable. If you haven't seen 300 I suggest you get it now because it is one of the best films of 2007. I also suggest you don't watch it with children because there is lots of action and violence. 300 is AWESOME!!!
B00021LMTU|5.0|If you're looking for an epic, this book is a must read and you won't be able to put it down until the end... which leaves one craving for more!  Beautifully written.  Marion Zimmer Bradley is one of the best writers of all time and the Mists of Avalon is a classic!
0743517822|2.0|The entire presentation is about living under your means as a way to build wealth. This goes without saying. It does not offer strategies or techniques in doing so and really applies only to the upper class who can build wealth by living frugally. After listening to it you think, \\"ok, yeah that makes sense\\" but then you say, \\"ok, what do I do next\\"? Everybody already knows to save money. Simply not worth it.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|My subject line says it all...  Get this CD!  You'll be more-than-glad you did!  :-)
B000J103X4|3.0|I remember Game's name floating around before he even dropped a single, and when his album The Documentary came around, a lot of people claimed it was the greatest album to have come out in a long time. But then there were other people like me, who didn't praise the album as much not because it was wack, but because all Game basically did was name-drop other rappers. And he continues this with Doctor's Advocate.<br /><br />As everyone knows by now, Game was in the G-Unit camp for a time (which in turn meant that he was on Aftermath), and Dr. Dre was set to produce his new album. But after a highly publicized beef with 50 Cent, Game left the label and instead released the album on Geffen. But you'd never know that he isn't still on Aftermath because not only does the album's title refer to Dre, but he mentions Dre's name at least twice in every song except \\"Wouldn't Get Far\\" and \\"Scream on `Em\\". He even brings up Dre in songs that otherwise have nothing to do with other rappers (a rarity for Game), like on the filler track \\"Ol' English\\". And Scott Storch's beat on \\"Let's Ride\\", although good, feels Dre-inspired.<br /><br />If you can look past all that, there are some good selections to be found, like \\"Remedy\\" as well as the creative subject matter in the aforementioned \\"Wouldn't Get Far\\" (could that song be about Karrine Steffans?). But what could be the best track is the posse cut \\"California Vacation\\", where Snoop and Xzibit help tear it up like it was the Up in Smoke tour all over again. However, immediately following that track is \\"Bang\\" with Daz and Kurupt. Daz sounds fine, Game is tolerable, and Kurupt's style feels more dated than classic.<br /><br />There are also a few more errors. Some songs are ruined by the choruses, like the continuous repetition of \\"gangsta boogie\\" in \\"Compton\\"; but worse is the two-in-a-row of \\"Scream on `Em\\" and \\"One Night\\". The former's chorus is boring screaming over various DMX samples (way to go, Swizz), while the latter is an otherwise decent song that falters by a terrible interpolation of the Deele's \\"Two Occasions\\". And the nine-minute album closer \\"Why You Hate the Game\\" (featuring Nas and Marsha Ambrosius) feels better suited for a concert performance, especially since producer Just Blaze spends the last four minutes of the song giving shout-outs. Also, only the third verse is about haters while the first and second verses aren't really about anything; but the third verse also ends with Game saying \\"I ain't Pac\\", which contradicts what he said earlier on the album in \\"It's Okay (One Blood)\\".<br /><br />And that song is also what stretched the album out to 73 minutes. While Doctor's Advocate isn't a bad album per se, to me it just shows that Game is a little too cocky for someone who does a lot of name-dropping and not much else. People that liked his first album will probably also like THIS, but I prefer a little more substance over style.<br /><br />Anthony Rupertfalters by a terrible interpolation of the Deele's \\"Two Occasions\\". And the nine-minute album closer \\"Why You Hate the Game\\" (featuring Nas and Marsha Ambrosius) feels better suited for a concert performance, especially since producer Just Blaze spends the last four minutes of the song giving shout-outs. Also, only the third verse is about haters while the first and second verses aren't really about anything; but the third verse also ends with Game saying \\"I ain't Pac\\", which contradicts what he said earlier on the album in \\"It's Okay (One Blood)\\".    And that song is also what stretched the album out to 73 minutes. While Doctor's Advocate isn't a bad album per se, to me it just shows that Game is a little too cocky for someone who does a lot of name-dropping and not much else. People that liked his first album will probably also like THIS, but I prefer a little more substance over style.    Anthony Rupert
0060578793|4.0|I like this book because it is a \\"one stop\\" reference book.  For an overall outlook, the Tom Brown series is stronger.  However, this one book should reside in your automobile and keep another copy handy for review.  Very concise and easy to understand.
1563890119|3.0|This was the beginning of one of the great comic series of recent decades, which became one of the best-selling graphic novel series as well. It's not Gaiman's best, not by a long shot, nor is the art even up to the quality of the script, but you can see what's coming down the road. The first few chapters detail the capture and imprisonment of the Sandman, the Dream Maker, the lord of the world of imagination, and one of the Endless -- a pantheon of Gaiman's own devising, but based on a variety of classical mythological threads. The artwork, though, can't help but remind you of the Crypt-Keeper in the old EC Comics. Which is interesting for us old-timers, but dated. What's most jarring, though, is the intersection of the Dreamer's quest to recover his possessions with characters from the Justice League comics. Later volumes in the series will snap that bond, fortunately.
1594489505|4.0|A somewhat slow beginning but once it got going was hard to put down. All-in-all a lovely book.
B000059GEH|3.0|The name of an outfit modeled in the film's fashion show sequence, my title might be the best way of explaining 20th-Century Fox's attitude towards this famous 1953 picture, the first ever made (though the second actually released) in CinemaScope. The film begins (for reasons never explicitly explained) with the head of Fox's music department, Alfred Newman, conducting his celebrated orchestral suite \\"Street Scene\\" to show off the screen aspect size and the sound quality of this new film process; then the rest of the film takes full advantage of the new screen size to show off the fashions of and the beautiful Sutton place apartment rented by Lauren Bacall, Betty Grable, and Marilyn Monroe in their quest to marry rich men. We are also treated to enormous vistas of the pine-strewn winter slopes of Maine, the George Washington Bridge, the Queen Mary, and a TWA airliner taking off for reasons that have little to do with the intrinsic logic of the story, which doesn't make much sense anyway. It's best to enjoy this film as a product of its time than as a sophisticated comedy of the sexes. Monroe is very funny as the nearsighted Pola; her bumping into walls and furniture shouldn't be so funny as often as it is but she makes it work every time. Betty Grable is also very likable and charming, although she's  probably a little too old for her role as Loco, the earthiest of the trio. Lauren Bacall, however, drains all humor and charm out of the part of Schatze Page, the most determined of the three women. Constantly barking out commands and snarling at suitors, she seems to be auditioning for the role of Pope Julius II in THE AGONY AND THE ECSTACY. It seems impossible to understand what the zillionaire disguised as a gas pump jockey (Cameron Mitchell) who doggedly pursues her might see in her--although she does look her best in the swank New Look gowns of Travilla. With David Wayne, unfunny as a tax evader; William Powell, lovable as ever as a kind Dallas cattleman; and theoverripely handsome Rory Calhoun as a forest ranger.
1594489505|5.0|It's difficult to know where to begin in expressing the thoughts bursting from my heart and head about Mr. Hosseini's second book.  I guess I will start by saying that, as much as I was impressed by The Kite Runner, I loved this story and these characters even more.  The author has a true talent for creating characters--and especially relationships between characters--that the reader can come to care about so deeply by the end of his books.  He even finds a way to make me feel for characters who are not particularly positive--like Jalil in this book--and that is not an easy thing to do.<br /><br />Another skill of the author's is bringing to the world through his writing a close-up look at the violence and heartbreak that have taken place in Afghanistan and how these events have turned lives upside down and created a people who have lived through more sadness and death than anyone should ever have to experience.<br /><br />The coworker who loaned me her copy of A Thousand Splendid Suns and who, like me, had read and loved The Kite Runner, warned me that if I thought there was \\"too much sad stuff\\" in The Kite Runner, I better brace myself for even more in A Thousand Splendid Suns.  I will admit that her warning gave me pause, but not enough to keep me from this book.  And, now that I have finished it (and have shed the inevitable tears), I would not have skipped this experience for anything.<br /><br />Mr. Hosseini...as an amateur writer myself, I was so envious (okay, JEALOUS!) of you when I read The Kite Runner...that you had written such a marvelous story as your first published novel.  I could not imagine that your second book would be nearly as good...so imagine my surprise when it was even better than the first.  I'm not jealous anymore.  I'm just glad that you're a part of my world.
B000002NJS|5.0|This is one of the best Madonna albums ever. You don't hear the raunchy, sexual lyrics. You only hear lyrics that are meant to enlighten, and change you. Most of the songs are encouraging, and some are heartfelt. A must have for any Madonna fan.
0743289684|5.0|What a powerful story about a courageous woman! It took me a little longer than some (about 30 or 40 pages) to get into the book but from there on I was hooked. Most difficult for me to comprehend, coming from a Western mindset, was the resignation that so many people in that part of the world have for their lives because of the belief in \\"destiny\\" that they can't change anything about their lives. Even after moving to the West (Europe) to be unable to shed that type of thinking, which Ayaan was able to do. This will book will open your eyes to what is invading our culture and help you to understand it.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|This is a difficult movie to watch by any standards, I think.  As a lifelong fan of oddball, disturbing and surreal films of all variety, I would say this ranks in the top ten in terms of sheer unpleasantness.  And that's saying a lot. I remember hearing about this movie quite a bit<br />when it was released and writing it off as another \\"Basketball Diaries\\", and that's what I expected when I popped it in my DVD player.  Wow, was I wrong.<br /><br />But the unpleasantness is not gratuitous; in fact, Arofonsky has done everyone a service by translating Shelby's book into film in such a visceral and brutal manner. The performances are appropriately desperate and the actors themselves mean a lot less than what they are intended to represent: surrender, through different means, to the forces of self-destruction, narcissism, and ultimate disintegration.  One thing, though; Jennifer Connelly's character Marion would not be looking as good as she does at the end of the film at all if she was such a fervent heroin user.<br /><br />Otherwise, there is not one false note in this hellish descent into the pits of human degradation and nothing is too extreme.  Anyone who has experienced addiction in their lives will recognize from the first scene in which Harry boosts his mother's television set that while a lot of the Kafkaesque and bleakly surreal are employed here, it is all too real.  For better or worse, I will never forget this movie, and it stands as one of the most successfully realized films I have ever seen.
B00006IU73|5.0|I love Dream Theater, Opeth, and many other older progressive bands. As I have gotten older my love for progressive music just continues to rise. I have read about Porcupine Tree quite a bit but never went and bought anything from them for fear I wouldn't like it or would have to \\"try\\" to like it. A friend of mine who always gives good recommendations told me to buy this cd. I did and after 5 listens and some time to get to know it, I can honestly say this is a masterpiece in writing. There is so much brilliance here I don't even know where to begin. I will just tell you to buy it and experience it for yourself. Then you will know. I knew I was going to like it after one listen, but after a few listens I began to love it. Highly recommmended for complex, creative writing and an effortless listen. I can't wait to check some of their other stuff out.
B000OPOANE|5.0|I have been a Rush fan for some time, but my passion was renewed with their new album Snakes and Arrows: absolutely worth buying as it shows Rush at their best! If you are a Rush fan, go and buy it!
0446677450|5.0|This is the book that seems to change it all for folks that read it.  Robert instills in us through life stories the intrinsic value of \\"minding your own business\\".  I believe that almost everyone in Michigan's Premier Real Estate Investors Association, The REia of Macomb, have all read this book.<br /><br />You should also.
B000UD0ESA|5.0|Due for re-release in December, this motion picture is one of the finest science fiction films of the 20th century. Part of this is because it projects a future that could be - the earth as a place with a ruined environment populated by people that couldn't or wouldn't make the jump to one of the more habitable off-world colonies. The other part is because the film questions what it means to be human, and explores the possibly unsatisfactory answers you might get if you could, like the replicants, hunt down your maker and ask him Why am I here? Why must my life end? I'll pretty much let Warner's press release do the talking from this point forward. Basically you have your choice of three different sets - 2-disc, 4-disc, and 5-disc. The discs are described as follows:<br /><br />Disc 1 - Ridley Scott's All-New \\"Final Cut\\" Version of the film - Restored and remastered with added & extended scenes, added lines, new and cleaner special effects and all new 5.1 Dolby Digital Audio. Also included is commentary by Ridley Scott and a host of others that worked behind the camera.<br /><br />Disc 2 - Documentary - Dangerous Days: Making of Blade Runner - A feature-length documentary revealing all the elements that shaped this cinema landmark. Cast, crew, critics and colleagues give a behind-the-scenes, in-depth look at the film from its literary roots and inception through casting, production, visuals and special effects to its legacy.<br /><br />Disc 3 - 1982 Theatrical Version - The original that contains Deckard's narration and has Deckard and Rachel's (Sean Young) \\"happy ending\\" escape scene.<br /><br />1982 International Version - Also used on U.S. home video, laserdisc and cable releases up to 1992. This version is not rated, and contains some extended action scenes in contrast to the Theatrical Version.<br /><br />1992 Director's Cut - Omits Deckard's voiceover narration and removes the \\"happy ending\\" finale. It adds the famous \\"unicorn\\" sequence, a vision that Deckard has which suggests that he, too, may be a replicant.<br /><br />Disc 4 - BONUS Disc \\"Enhancement Archive\\" - Eight featurettes, image galleries, radio interview with the author, and screen tests for the part of Rachel.<br /><br />Disc 5 - Workprint Version - This rare version of the film is considered by some to be the most radically different of all the Blade Runner cuts. It includes an altered opening scene, no Deckard narration until the final scenes, no \\"unicorn\\" sequence, no Deckard/Rachel \\"happy ending,\\" altered lines between Rutger Hauer and his creator Tyrell (Joe Turkell), alternate music and much more.<br /><br />Also included is commentary by Paul M. Sammon, author of Future Noir: The Making of Blade Runner and a featurette - \\"All Our Variant Futures: From Workprint to Final Cut\\".<br /><br />2 Disc Edition : Discs 1-2<br />4 Disc Edition : Discs 1-4<br />5 Disc Edition : Discs 1-5<br /><br />The downside of this 2-disc version is that you are only getting the Final Cut version of the film and the documentary disc. You won't get the bonus disc of featurettes, the disc of past releases, and the workprint version of the film. The upside is that the 5-disc version of the film has some expensive packaging and promotional material included that seems to really raise the price of the entire package.y be a replicant.     Disc 4 - BONUS Disc \\"Enhancement Archive\\" - Eight featurettes, image galleries, radio interview with the author, and screen tests for the part of Rachel.     Disc 5 - Workprint Version - This rare version of the film is considered by some to be the most radically different of all the Blade Runner cuts. It includes an altered opening scene, no Deckard narration until the final scenes, no \\"unicorn\\" sequence, no Deckard/Rachel \\"happy ending,\\" altered lines between Rutger Hauer and his creator Tyrell (Joe Turkell), alternate music and much more.     Also included is commentary by Paul M. Sammon, author of Future Noir: The Making of Blade Runner and a featurette - \\"All Our Variant Futures: From Workprint to Final Cut\\".     2 Disc Edition : Discs 1-2   4 Disc Edition : Discs 1-4   5 Disc Edition : Discs 1-5     The downside of this 2-disc version is that you are only getting the Final Cut version of the film and the documentary disc. You won't get the bonus disc of featurettes, the disc of past releases, and the workprint version of the film. The upside is that the 5-disc version of the film has some expensive packaging and promotional material included that seems to really raise the price of the entire package.
B000O77RL4|5.0|Finally saw this film, and was blown away. I'm not averse to sub-titles, and  the simple screenplay gets the point across. It's always healthy to get a different viewpoint, and understanding the futility of the Japanese faction was very well displayed. No one is spared; the Japs and Americans alike were guilty of brutality. There have been other films that have presented war from the other side (\\"The Bridge\\", Germany, 1960, and \\"Ballad of a Soldier\\", USSR, 1961, and others I'm sure...), but by virtue of Mr. Eastwood's participation, this is a very American film. It's good to know that a smart American has made a film to show the passion, heartaches and love that is left behind in time of war without issue.The acting is outstanding. Ken Watanabe is the most well-known and has garnered the most attention, but there are fine performances from Tsuyoshi Ihara (as Nishi, the former Olympian), and especially Kazunari Ninomiya as Saigo, the real star. He is wonderful, and covers every corner of every emotion. The single-disc DVD has absolutely NO extras, and I was disappointed.It is a fine, thoughtful anti-war film that is worthy of everyone's attention...if you take the time to absorb. Previous reviewers were bored, but the film demands attention; giving it that attention will give you a very fine film experience. Just another big feather in Mr. Eastwood's cap.
0375423966|5.0|I have read several books about women's lives in Iran.  Marjane Satrapi expresses so much with a few words and her amazing drawings.  I was amazed at the understanding that she conveys though her \\"diary\\".  I would recommend this set of boxes to anyone interested in Muslim women and how they live.
B000PFUA9G|3.0|Brad returns with another great set. There are some great tracks on here, but there are a couple of weak ones too. But only a couple. The opening track, \\"All I Wanted Was a Car\\" has No 1 single written all over it - and it shows the uninitiated that Country music isn't about dead dogs at all. The next track is the lead single, \\"Ticks\\" - a great melody and good lyrics, but is let down slightly by the image of Brad checking his girl for ticks in a field. \\"Online\\", the second single, is a great track - a desevered hit - with typical Paisley-humour lyrics, though it could do without the marching band finale.    Next up is \\"Letter to Me\\" - this album's \\"Waitin' On a Woman\\" - and Brad ponders what it would be like if he could send a letter to himself at seventeen (\\"Don't worry - these are nowhere near the best years of your life\\"). \\"I'm Still a Guy\\" is a typical Brad song - but nothing special, really - thought the lyrics are witty. \\"Some Mistakes\\" is another good track and \\"It Did\\" - a rare occasion with a song he didn't write or co-write - tries to squeeze your emotional sponge as hard as it can but falls short because of the simplicity of the words \\"it did\\" - but others might like it BECAUSE of it's simplicity.    \\"Mr Policeman\\" is an uptempo ditty about Brad getting chased by car and by foot by a policeman - a nice song with endearing innocence and fun. \\"If Love Was a Plane\\" however, is a different story. Maybe it's because I've got sixteen tracks to sit through, but I just didn't have time for his one.    \\"Oh Love\\" features Carrie Underwood. A good track, one Brad didn't write. The verses are very short so Carrie only gets to sing for two lines. \\"Better than This\\" is a great song - an uptempo number about where Brad and his mates are camping out with a fire and a few beers, but insists that camping out is good, but if a coach full of \\"really good lookin' women\\" stopped by, or if Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard came to visit then it would be a lot better. OK, when it's summarised i doesn't sound as good but, trust me, it is.    \\"With You, Without You\\" is a great emotonal song where Brad tells his woman that even though she's left him, he can still be in love with her without her. He can just pretend she's out of town for a while.    And then we reach the \\"Kung Poa Buggaroo\\" part. \\"Previously\\" isn't a song, by the way, it's just a few lines of chat. \\"Bigger Fish to Fry\\" as the Bugaroos playing and everything is then toned down to a more relaxing pace with the hym/standard \\"When We All Get to Heaven\\". The instrumental, \\"Throtteneck\\", closes things.    In all, a very good album, worthy of three stars and just as good as his previous efforts.    Brad Paisley will go down in history as one of the all-time Country greats.
0312330537|5.0|Anyone looking for a novel that is fiction but reads like real life will enjoy this book. Robert's scatters his ideology through out the book and poses some interesting questions.  I recommend this to anyone looking for a good book for the beach or long winter's nights.
0316067598|5.0|This is an excellent book.  Incredibly revealing about the training Seal's receive and the situations they are put into.  Reveals the truth about the politician's stupidity on the war and what they do when they stick their nose in where they shouldn't be.  Also reveals the problem with the media in reporting the war from the enemy's point of view instead of what is really happening.<br />Makes me proud of our young men that put their lives on the line for what they believe in.  Great book!!!
B00004ZESV|3.0|The sound is lousy, AM radio quality, but this is worth buying just the same. Such a great performance. Kid Creole is a great songwriter and his performances are great live acts.  The visual part of his performances is so fun and powerful, I can't understand how it is possible that this is the only Kid Creole DVD available in the market at this moment!!!  Producers should check out their vaults for Kid Creole tapes...  But please, with a decent sound!!!
1582701709|3.0|I saw the video, I didn't read the book and it is a fantastic infomercial, with all the cheasy hard sell statements and manipulation inherent in an infomercial.  Kind of like the infomercial for a better mop, when you try and mop with a real mop all the water spills and your foot gets caught in the bucket and your heair gets all frazzled, well who has that much trouble mopping right?  Same with this \\"Secret\\" everyone who doesn't have it gets parking tickets, and evicted and possessions reposessed, but those who do magically have bicycles appear at their doorstep and sought after gold jewelry bestowed upon them.    Ok, thinking about a necklace you want won't make it magically appear on your neck, but this philosophy taken with a grain of salt may just change your life.  Its cheesey and at times downright ridiculous, but I tried to employ the basic principals inherent in the dvd and something amazing happened, no I didn't have my long sought after BMW in the driveway and I didn't win the lottery, but I was sure a heck of a lot happier.  As a long time sufferer of extreme anxiety ot the point of medication that I deplore I finally found a way to overcome it.  My life is very filled, with a full time job weekend nights, 40 hours in 3 days, 3 kids I raise during the week, a charity I have started, and school 4 nights a week for 5 hours I am over worked and mostly over stressed.  Taking the philosphy of this book and simply applying the basics changed my life.    People told me forver, think positive and bring about positive energy, and no matter how many times I heard it, for some reason, watching this over cheesed, really stupid video made me actually believe I should at least try it.  So I did, and now everytime I get anxious, I stop and think of something I am grateful for, or I stop and think of something happy, and I feel it, and I am happy.  I picture that dream car in my driveway, instead of saying someday I will have it, I see it there, imagine it right there, and the stress of one day trying to achieve it is gone, instead I enjoy having it there, and I am happy.  Stupid and silly and down right insane, yes, but damnit, it works.    So if you can take this, and strip off the hubub and idiocracy, put aside the super cheese and silliness, and just try the basic underyling principals of applying positivity to all things in your life through the suggestions they offer, it may just change your life.  That or you will laugh your butt off at how totally infomerically the dvd is.
B000FL7CAK|5.0|It is so difficult to find good stuff on tv these days! Thankfully, the second season of Veronica Mars does not disappoint. Every episode is engaging, and picks up where season one left off without missing a beat. The ending is shocking, to say the least, and well thought out. Viewers may need to watch more than once to pick up all of the extra details they may have missed first go round, but that is no chore, as this is one of the best shows to appear on tv in years.
0553350102|4.0|Classic Christie abounds in this Hercule Poirot mystery.  Sex, violence, wealth and murder all hidden behind a veneer of civility at the tranquil English seaside getaway the Jolly Roger.  The usual suspects abound; a beautiful, egocentric, enchanting woman, another woman's husband who's enamored with her, a frustrated, jealous wife, the adoring husband who seems oblivious to his wife's naughty behavior and the step daughter who loathes her.  Throw this dangerous cocktail together with some eccentric secondary characters and the result is murder.  Only Hercule Poirot can solve this one, because nothing is as it really seems.  The \\"little gray cells\\" do not disappoint with a particularly unseen twist  that satisfies and shocks readers once again proving that Agatha Christie is the queen of mystery.
B0000691U1|5.0|Remarkable album, indeed!<br />Duke Ellington, a great classical (but always explorative) pianist, composer, arranger and band leader is teamd up with two of the best modernist players, Charles Mingus and Max Roach and, as opposed to occasions where artists modify theri style to conform to one of the players, this is a true fight, a clash of the musical titans who respect and challenge each other.<br /><br />Not all the numbers are equally enjoyable for me, but this is still, I believe one of the best albums I have ever heard (although it's not one of my favorites).
0143037757|4.0|Caution: this book is not for the faint of heart or the faint of butt. It looks long, and is actually even longer: the text is packed in very densely, with very small margins and thin paper. However, it is fascinating enough to overcome the initial \\"it'll take me years to finish this!\\" gut reaction. Very informative, very meaty.
B000EE7ZUK|5.0|This Videocassette contains previously unreleased theatrical material:  The explosively familiar \\"HELL HOLE\\" video (as seen on MTV)!  Plus 'HEAVY METAL MEMORIES\\", the unforgettable greatest-hits commercial that could not be suppressed!    \\"One of the brightest, funniest American parodies to come along since 'AIRPLANE'.\\"     -- Vincent Canby, NEW YORK TIMES    \\"PERFECT . . . EVERY DETAIL IS A ZINGER.\\"     -- Sheila Benson, LOS ANGELES TIMES    \\"HILARIOUS . . . witty, mischievous satire.\\"    -- Janet Maslin, NEW YORK TIMES    \\"One of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time.\\"   -- Roger Ebert, AT THE MOVIES
1400063515|4.0|Most people who read this book will think that the book is only about the rare events that can have a devastating impact on life as we 'think' we know it. There are actually many more pearls of wisdom laced throughout the book if one will take the time to notice them.<br /><br />  As just one example, Nassim talks about how we are biologically 'wired' to look for corroboration of our thoughts and beliefs. If you and I look at the same data, but I am in favor of an issue and your are against that same issue, we will usually only find the information within the data that supports our own position. When we look at the world, we have a great tendency to only see those actions, events and information that support our preconceived notions and beliefs.<br /><br />  This bias often prevents us from seeing newer, different, and perhaps even better ways that we might deal with a problem or opportunity. Not only does this bias prevent us from seeing potential Black Swans, it also gets in the way of being able to maximize our more daily grind in Mediocristan.<br /><br />  Is this book easy to read? No. Does it contain information that can be useful to living our daily lives? Maybe. But, like anything else, you have to work harder and dig deeper to find the real gems. Get the book and read it two or three times. Only then will you appreciate the more subtle ideas that tend to impact our daily, non-Black Swan existence.
B00005JPSL|3.0|The trailer portrays a sophisticated romantic comedy and focuses on the romance and the high anxiety of chef Kate (Catherine Zeta Jones), the kitchen terror of the restaurant \\"22 Bleeker St\\". Moviegoers expect to see the beautiful Zeta Jones act like Gordon Ramsay of TV's \\"Hell's Kitchen\\", only to be tamed by fellow chef Nick Palmer (Aaron Eckhart).<br /><br />In reality, the film, which I screened last weekend, is more of a sad family film of loss and redemption, with some light comedic touches. And while I did enjoy it at the theater, overall, it is a forgettable movie.<br /><br />A remake of the German \\"Mostly Martha\\", the film has executive chef Kate anticipating a visit from her sister and niece, when the sister is killed in a traffic accident. Niece Zoe (Abigail Breslin, the moppet from \\"Little Miss Sunshine\\") survives the crash and is brought to live in Kate's somewhat ascetic existence. She is overwhelmingly sad and disconnected from her new life.<br /><br />While trying to juggle sudden motherhood with career, Kate is forced to put up with a newly hired sous chef, Nick. Nick brightens the kitchen with his costumes, his love of all things Italian, his opera, his willingness to put up with sulky Kate. It is Nick who bonds quickly with Zoe, and acts as a catalyst between the two ladies. What saves \\"No Reservations\\" is the insouciance of Eckhart's character, and his chemistry with Breslin. But for a sizeable portion of the film, the prevailing feeling is sadness, for the plight of young Zoe and the cold containment of Kate in dealing with the situation.  Zeta Jones plays her character frosty, cool, and with little ability to empathize with the plight of Zoe. Even her apologies, when she forgets to pick Zoe up at school, etc., seem forced.<br /><br />And it is this character vacuum that causes the movie to be something less than it might have been. With some spark and volatility, combined with the slickness of Kate's kitchen, the endearing qualities of both Zoe and Nick, the film could have been a winner. Let's say, with Kyra Sedgewick, in the Kate role, the film would have been<br />far more engaging. Zeta Jones continues her reign as one of the screen's most beautiful leading ladies, and we know she has depth (proving it as Velma in \\"Chicago\\" and with her cameo in \\"Traffic\\"), but this genre of films doesn't bring it out, and she is ultimately responsible for the movie being one where I would recommend:<br /><br />\\"Wait for the DVD\\"ve been a winner. Let's say, with Kyra Sedgewick, in the Kate role, the film would have been   far more engaging. Zeta Jones continues her reign as one of the screen's most beautiful leading ladies, and we know she has depth (proving it as Velma in \\"Chicago\\" and with her cameo in \\"Traffic\\"), but this genre of films doesn't bring it out, and she is ultimately responsible for the movie being one where I would recommend:     \\"Wait for the DVD\\"
B000P0I4O4|2.0|I realize I must suspend disbelief some when I watch a movie but this movie was just too unbelievable even for a movie.  People in serious car wrecks and escape without a scratch, 3 men in a helicopter crash that destroyed the helicopter and they all walk away.  A guy doing precision shooting out of a bouncing helicopter. I couldn't even finish.  Goes to show that two great stars can make a lemon movie.
0722533942|5.0|There's a lot of wisdom and truth presented here in this book. The question is, will you or can you understand it? I admit that several places in the book, I would go back and have to reread something, and still not totally get it. But a little further and BAM! -This beautiful piece of writing would pop out and be clear as can be. I am thinking that what you get out of this book most likely depends on several things, like how open minded you are, where you are in your life and where you are spiritually. It's a metaphor people! (to those reviewers who didn't get it so they wrote negative things about it, which makes me think of how a lot of times we [some/most?] are quick to condemn that which we do not understand?) The things that you don't conciously understand, you most likely (hopefully anyway) sub-conciously get. Get it? - Course that may not be the case for all.<br /><br />Book club choice? This book would make for interesting group discussion between the right people, -an open minded group who's not so quick to judge by skimming the surface. I think open discussions about this could bring a lot of hidden meanings out in the open because for example, one part that I didn't get could be clear as a bell to somebody else.<br /><br />I loved this and am planning to read it again. And I feel sure that I'll probably read it several times throughout my life. That's the kind of book this is.<br /><br />So, if you read it and don't understand, maybe it's not the right time for you? So many times, I have been drawn to exactly the books I needed for what I was going thru at that time. This proved that to me, once again.
B0000549B0|5.0|HARVEY is a well acted and very funny classic film.  James Stewart is Elwood P. Dowd a nice looking, well off, friendly and polite man in his forties with a tendency to drink too much and one little oddity.  Almost everywhere Elwood goes his dear friend,Harvey, a six foot three and a half inch invisible (to most people) rabbit goes with him.  Elwood's snobbish older sister decides he and Harvey are ruining her and her husband hunting daughter's social life and tries to have him committed to a sanitarium and misunderstandings and hilarity ensue. James Stewart is very good as mild mannered Elwood and Josephine Hull is excellent playing his older sister the part she created on the Broadway stage.   Jesse White who is immediately recognizable both from his long role as the lonely Maytag repairman and from many character parts on sitcoms is a scene stealer as a sanitarium employee and the whole film is excellently cast.  The set and costumes are authentic looking and the \\"fashionable\\" older ladies' fussy hats, furs and hairstyles remind me of the way elderly women were still dressing for special occasions when I was a child growing up in the 60's and 70's.  In the film Elwood states his mother always said you have to be either smart or pleasant and he recommends pleasant.  I recommend this pleasant movie that is also quite smart.
B000FP2OPY|5.0|So, I'd been blissfully unaware of what I was missing until I attended Mediawest back in May.  Then I happened to mention that I'd never seen it before.  Well, my ignorance ended on Saturday night, as a friend who'd brought her copy of the DVDs to the con introduced me to my madness.  By 1/2 way through the premiere episode I was H.O.O.K.E.D!!!!  I watched the first 4 episodes that night.  After I returned from MWC and recovered from my annual \\"fandom feast\\" I ordered this set.<br /><br />OH MY!<br /><br />The set is wonderful, from the artwork of the cover to the gag reel (which I've almost memorized!)  The qualoity of the episodes is wonderful as well, and the acting is wonderful!  JA and JP have an incredible chemistry that is so incredible to watch.  They might not have been born brothers, but they should have been!  I so enjoy the \\"bitch\\" \\"jerk\\" and \\"no chick flick moments\\" exchanges.  The episodes... okay there are a couple that I could live without, but only because they creep me out.  The concept of taking urban legends and twisting them to fit into this alternate universe (or is it?) where they aren't legends anymore is so much fun!  Amongst the fans I've met, there's a controversy about Papa John and how he raised his sons, but I find his character intriguing.  I can't imagine what it would be like to *know* that there are boogy men and monsters in the closet (and giving your 9 year old a gun to confront it) and being confronted with raising 2 babies in that world.  WHOA!  Well, I love the character of John Winchester, almost as much as I love his \\"sons\\" :)  The guest stars, semiregulars, etc. are wonderful as well.  I especially love watching Bobby and Jo, and would love to see more of them.  I've heard rumors that there might be some new, female, characters in season 3.  I don't know why they should bring in new characters, why not show more Jo and Ellen?  To me, THAT would be the better move.  Ah, well, that's just me.<br /><br />Anyway, if you want to become possessed by a DVD set, I'd highly recommend this one!!a DVD set, I'd highly recommend this one!!
B000PY52EU|5.0|This was one of my \\"Blockbuster\\" online movies that I got delivered to my house, so I went into watching the movie with no great expectation--BUT---WOW-what a flick!!!!! This amazing movie kept me in my seat for the 2 hours it played.<br />A little bit about the movie:  Ray--nympho with serious childhood sexual abuse trauma meets Lazarus (Jackson) bible thumping, borderline alcoholic, wife left him, electric quitar picking farmer.  Laz. has a new project: make Ray right.....<br />The drama and script AND energy that these two actors displayed with one another requires a standup ovation from me.<br />I don't want to give the movie and all it's subplots away, so just rent it, you won't be disappointed.<br />Negatives: lots of swearing and sexual content.
B000P0J024|5.0|I admit it, I discounted George as the lesser talent of all the Beatles, but I was sadly mistaken,and missed appreciating his talent for collaboration and production until now.  He showcases the fine talents of Petty, Orbison,and Dylan with his own and with his and Lynn's talent as songwriters.  This remastering has the truly finest sound ever to grace my premium auto sound system.
B000002UAU|3.0|apparently they were recording this album for 6 months...so you would have expected something truly amazing.but in my opinion it is no where near the best beatles album.abbey road is so much better.the 30 seconds in the middle of \\"a day in the life\\"(p macartney sings) is worth the money on its own.
0736063684|5.0|I found out about Strength Training Anatomy, by Frederic Delavier while taking an Anatomy class in preparation for becoming a paramedic firefighter.  I used to play college football, and am still not in bad shape, but recently, I've been making it a priority to get back into peak form. When our Anatomy class began discussing the muscular system and the skeletal system, our teacher shared this book with us.  Within the first minute I knew I needed a copy of my own.    This is a great book!  It can be used as an excellent resource for one looking to modify their workout to more effectively accomplish their goals, or for someone who is interested in the relationship between muscloskeletal anatomy and weight lifting.  Its got great pictures, provides tips on how to overcome or manage injuries, and is well organized.      If you're interested in understanding the anatomy of your workouts AT ALL, want a resource to help you guide your fitness training, or aren't even really interested in working out, but are interested in musculoskeletal anatomy, this book is well worth the price.
B000002UB3|4.0|i wanted to give this 5 stars but octopus`s garden and maxwells silver hammer are the only negative tracks.\\"something\\" is incredible (john lennon at his best).but i have to take my hat off to paul macartney for what is on side b.\\"golden slumbers\\" and \\"carry that weight\\" are class...\\"mean mr mustard and polythene pam\\" are brilliant,but \\"you never give me your money\\" is in my opinion the best beatle track.it was the first time i had heard a song go in so many different directions but just come together so well.
0740748475|5.0|An excellent set of books for the price.  They were a birthday present for my brother.  I thought he was going to cry when he opened the package and saw the books. Sure enough, he did.  It is a beautiful set of books.  Everyone sat around reading and laughing for hours that day.
B0000AKOVJ|4.0|Now, it's a common misconception that Beggars Banquet was the first great Stones album. That's not true. This, their debut, is the first great Stones album. It's not perfect, but it's certainly a worthy addition to any Rolling Stones collection.<br />This is mostly made up of covers, but they make the covers raw. The first line of the first song, Not Fade Away, reads like a demand, almost like a threat, coming from Mick. \\"I'm gonna tell you how it's gonna be/You're gonna give your love to me\\" sounds like \\"love me or I break your heart, and maybe a couple bones while I'm at it\\", you know? To say nothing of the totally raunchy songs, both blues covers: if you had any doubt of the meaning of Muddy Waters' I Just Want to Make Love to You (in which case you're probably too naive to be listening to the Stones in the first place) or Slim Harpo's I'm a King Bee, these takes should clear all your doubts up. And it's not just Mick that makes these songs so awesome: Keith and Brian play superb blues licks (and, in the latter's case, blues harp) to back him up. Bill's bass holds down a steady groove, and Charlie's drumming adds interest. Especially on their version of Can I Get a Witness, which sounds even earthier than Marvin Gaye's original - almost like a church-basement gospel revival, in fact. They also take a song you'd never expect to rock - Route 66 - and make it do just that. It goes from this pleasant semi-jazz thing that I'm sure a lot of frustrated, anti-rock parents were listening to at the time to a raunchy, bluesy rocker. I think it's the best song on the album. Either that or Chuck Berry's Carol. It's hard to say if this beats the original, the best song by the REAL king of rock 'n' roll - it sticks pretty close to the original. Then again, Chuck had touched on perfection with Carol, so why mess with it?<br />Not many originals here, and only one of them is really thought out, but that one's Tell Me, a sullen folk-pop-gospel song that's quite strong. Little By Little is decent, and it's a lot of fun; the instrumental Now I've Got a Witness is one of the few losers. Other songs that go in the \\"loser\\" pile are the stupid novelty Walkin' the Dog (the original is MUCH better), an overwrought Honest I Do, and the frankly annoying self-help song You Can Make it If You Try. Eight winners of twelve, though. When compared to the uneven debuts by future heavyweights such as the Beatles, the Who and Dylan, not bad, and it works well judged on its own terms. This probably makes my Stones top ten.s decent, and it's a lot of fun; the instrumental Now I've Got a Witness is one of the few losers. Other songs that go in the \\"loser\\" pile are the stupid novelty Walkin' the Dog (the original is MUCH better), an overwrought Honest I Do, and the frankly annoying self-help song You Can Make it If You Try. Eight winners of twelve, though. When compared to the uneven debuts by future heavyweights such as the Beatles, the Who and Dylan, not bad, and it works well judged on its own terms. This probably makes my Stones top ten.
B000002R0P|5.0|Design is hands down my favorite Gentle Giant song...and I have all the albums. Yes, it's as weird as it gets, but that's why I like GG...their weird.
B000003BEM|5.0|Okay, let's clear up an urban legend here, the one that goes \\"Beggars Banquet was the first good Stones album\\". The first good Stones album was, in fact, England's Newest Hit Makers (I desperately need to edit my review of that, by the way). With that done, let's get to the review.<br />This album contains three of the Rolling Stones' more controversial (for the time, anyway) songs. The first of which is Sympathy for the Devil. You may know this song. It kicks butt, doesn't it? Of course, it also attracted controversy because of its title, but I could spend multiple paragraphs telling people that this \\"Devil\\" is, in fact, mankind, not Satan. Lyrics aside, it's also an excellently arranged song, merging elements of Latin, African, blues and hard rock. Cool!<br />The second of the three is Street Fighting Men. This one was controversial because it supposedly encouraged rioting - presumably attacked by the same people who thought Dancing in the Streets was about rioting. Really though, Mick takes on a neutral position. And again, it's not the controversy that makes this song so great. It's the drive, the riff, the clever use of Indian instruments, and the chorus. That's why it's still a radio favorite today, see?<br />Now Stray Cat Blues actually deserved the controversy it attracted - a country-blues about an \\"encounter\\" with a fifteen-year-old groupie. The song's lyrics are so over-the-top that it just screams out, \\"THIS IS AN IRONIC SONG!\\", though, so take it with a grain of salt. Or just listen to, once again, Keith's leads - he plays a lot of leads on this album, what with Brian stoned beyond all possible use.<br />Brian does lend a fine slide part to No Expectations, though. This mournful ballad is yet another one of my favorites, with powerful lyrics about a breakup. It's probably the best song on the album other than Sympathy for the Devil. Another winner of a ballad is Salt of the Earth, with a gospel choir and Keith's first lead vocal with the Rolling Stones. Another song where Brian plays a good slide is Jig-Saw Puzzle, with interesting Dylan-esque lyrics. I can't believe this managed to slip into the Stones back pages!<br />Then there's some blues. What Stones album would be complete without blues? The stomping Parachute Woman is another sex song, and Mick plays a mean harmonica on it. Prodigal Son is a surprisingly authentic acoustic blues cover - Mick actually manages to sound like an old bluesman, rather than a white British guy trying to sound like an old bluesman (for an example of that, see the borderline-racist introduction to Led Zeppelin's Bring it on Home).<br />There are a couple of country songs here, and while neither are anything special, I like them both. Dear Doctor is an otherwise average song lifted by Mick's hilarious Southern accent; and Factory Girl is an otherwise average song lifted by (once again) Mick's vocals. I like the mandolin on it, too. I don't like the fiddle, though. Country hoedowns (I can just picture Mick and Marianne Faithfull square-dancing during the instrumental break and Keith screaming out, \\"Yee-Ha!\\") are not the Stones' strong point, but at least they never tried one again. Besides, like I said before, I kind of like Factory Girl. It's not bad. It's just the weakest song on an unbeatable album.<br />This is awesome. Any self-respecting Stones fan should have it. It's that simple.here Brian plays a good slide is Jig-Saw Puzzle, with interesting Dylan-esque lyrics. I can't believe this managed to slip into the Stones back pages!  Then there's some blues. What Stones album would be complete without blues? The stomping Parachute Woman is another sex song, and Mick plays a mean harmonica on it. Prodigal Son is a surprisingly authentic acoustic blues cover - Mick actually manages to sound like an old bluesman, rather than a white British guy trying to sound like an old bluesman (for an example of that, see the borderline-racist introduction to Led Zeppelin's Bring it on Home).  There are a couple of country songs here, and while neither are anything special, I like them both. Dear Doctor is an otherwise average song lifted by Mick's hilarious Southern accent; and Factory Girl is an otherwise average song lifted by (once again) Mick's vocals. I like the mandolin on it, too. I don't like the fiddle, though. Country hoedowns (I can just picture Mick and Marianne Faithfull square-dancing during the instrumental break and Keith screaming out, \\"Yee-Ha!\\") are not the Stones' strong point, but at least they never tried one again. Besides, like I said before, I kind of like Factory Girl. It's not bad. It's just the weakest song on an unbeatable album.   This is awesome. Any self-respecting Stones fan should have it. It's that simple.
006054094X|5.0|Gavin Menzies takes what usually puts most of us to sleep or causes us to change the channel, and makes it a page turner. The book is so well written and researched, and comes from an author with impeccable credentials that there is little one can think of to question this work. Truly a work of genius!
1569242739|5.0|And that's why they're taking over.  For anyone who's been nervous about taking the vegan plunge because they don't want to be stuck with exclusively \\"healthy\\"-tasting food, this book will open new worlds to you.  As you go through the most exciting recipes and then start to mix and match frostings and cupcakes, you'll find yourself inspired to take some of the techniques into other recipes as well.  I actually don't know how I lived before I found this recipe for vegan pastry cream.<br /><br />I have had this cookbook for just a little bit over two weeks, and I've already made six or seven batches of cupcakes, and when I haven't been making cupcakes, I've been making \\"muffins.\\"  I can't tell you which I liked more, but the Classic Vanilla with Chocolate Frosting is probably tied with Pistachio Rosewater and Rosewater Frosting.  Not that I don't love Boston-Brooklyn Cream Pie or my green tea variation on Chai Latte cupcakes- I can't wait to get my hands on pure matcha powder- and how can I forget to mention the Cookies and Cream Cupcakes?  It's like choosing which of your children you love more.<br /><br />Sadly, I do have to say there is one small flaw here.  In her recipe for Sexy Low Fat Vanilla Cupcakes, the authors include applesauce.  I'm all about applesauce for cutting down on fat, but you *must* strain it, either in a fine-mesh strainer or on a paper towel- really, it works.  Let about one-third of the volume of applesauce drain off in liquid before you add it in.  You'll find that this gives you a much better mouth feel than when you just add it in straight.<br /><br />But that's it- otherwise, this is the most perfect cookbook I've ever met.
B000PTYP5C|5.0|This new release of the band is a clear demonstration of how talented these guys are.  The music is powerful and the vocals are also great.  I am please to own this one. Very hot !
1594489505|5.0|Well to start with this book has been long and anxiously awaited after the tremendous efforts of the 'Kite Runner'. And needless to say that despite the wait.. I was extremely pleased with 'A thousand splendid suns'. The book itself is very well written and the story flows from page to page with tremendous fluidity. This story like that of the first book is set in Afghanistan and portrays the life of a young girl that matures to adulthood under extreme circumstances. It is not hard to imagine that this story represents the life of a typical 'girl child' or 'young woman' in Afghani society but one must reflect on the historical times the story is set in and thus it is not hard to empathize with how difficult a womans life and how restricted their freedoms were in not so recent times. Without giving too much of the story away it is clear that some of the main themes touched in the book are that of hope, hopelessness, struggle, faith and ultimately salvation! A well recommended read... and I am already anxiously awaiting  Hosseini's next book!!!
B000002JEV|4.0|I was very please to hear this double cd which include classics of the band.  It is really cool to hear other versions of theses songs.  My choices of highlights would be  \\"You shook me\\", \\"I can't quit you baby\\", \\"What is and what shoud never be\\", \\"Hearthbreaker\\", \\"Since I've been loving you\\", \\"Black dog\\", \\"Stairway to heaven\\", \\"Going to California\\" and \\"Thank you\\".  At last, we have these precious recording of the band with a good sound.
0060527978|5.0|As a young man, I found Warrior of the Light to be truly amazing. It didn't present many new ideas, but delivered the same messages in a way that was extremely accessible for me. Coelho uses the setting of a warrior on his personal journey to share his lessons on life. While most spiritual messages seem to encourage suppression of male energy, Coelho uses the warrior archetype and taps into the primal spirit of man, telling us it is okay to let the warrior out. This really spoke to me and integrated two parts of myself that hadn't seen eye to eye. Obviously this book isn't for everyone, but for the right audience it is a grand-slam.
B000R9J3X4|5.0|Open the book and you will discover the wonders of Garbage; and then so ends the chapter when Garbage puts away their tools for electronica sounds and beats, and puts up the best they had since the beginning of 1995. We were blessed 11 years ago with sounds of sarcasm mixed in a bowl of angst and the voice topped the cake with melachonic soundscapes. You start off with the very first single off of their self-titled debut - \\"Vow\\", and end with the latest tear-jerker with a twist \\"It's All Over But The Crying\\". Not to mention the newest edition to Garbage's tracklist - the Chrissie Hynde inspired \\"Tell Me Where It Hurts\\". The songs sound remastered - Shirley's voice is clear as a whistle and the music sounds sharper than ever. Not to mention you also get the remix's most people haven't heard of.     All in all - if you are looking for the best of the best from Garbage, this CD is for you. It will make you reminisce the golden times when you were an angsty teen looking for a band or song that you related to. You can remember those times when you felt alone and the only thing you felt and heard at the time was the golden sound of Shirley crooning to you - as the boys (Butch Vig, Duke Erikson, Steve Marker) play the super-sonic sounds to mesh the vocals together.    For the everyday Garbage collecter: This album is for you. For the people who haven't heard of them: This is also the CD for you. Even to those who liked a few songs, this is also the CD to add to your collection. The money spent on this as well as the single and DVD is WELL worth the money. You will not regret the purchase. Garbage may have closed the chapter with this album - but do come back for Chapter 2 when Garbage comes back in 2008; it is ALWAYS worth the wait. As the book closes it's chapter, a new page emerges, and we will be blessed with more music from a band who paved the way for so many. A band who took their time making music for US. For the people who really needed that extra push - Garbage has helped the Alternative movement become glamorous, and we thank them each day for giving us the music that we so desperately love.
0312330529|5.0|I'd gotten off reading for a bit - but this book brought me back - and I'm glad. Love the book, having grown up in Bombay and now living in the US - I can personally identify with so much (none of the mafia stuff) but time spent at Leopold's, other parts of Bombay, the stay at the village, an outsider's view of Bombay, etc.
B000RJO578|5.0|I find it hard to really describe this film in a fitting manner. It is hillarious, that's for sure. The dialogue, the acting, the editing, the music. It's all good, nay, dare I say it: great.     This film is simply one of the funniest films in recent years. It's not only the spot on comedic timing with which all the lines are delivered, nor is it the just the way these characters, so absolutely stereotypical and yet, well, absolutely bonkers, are written, nor the plot that, on one side is just about as predictable as you'd expect and yet every so often will put a broad smile on your face saying \\"I didn't see that coming\\". It's the lot put together.     The amount of details. It's astonishing really. You've got hillarious cameos by Steeve Coogan and Bill Nighy, about a hundred references in dialogue as well as action to films that the writers like and then there's the brilliant use of music throughout the film. Just the right song for the right moment.     On a sidenote I'd like to add, that although I'm not a fan of Timothy Dalton, I must confess that his performance in \\"Hot Fuzz\\" is brilliant. But then again, all the performances are good. All that coupled together with editing ala Guy Ritchie sort of thing, makes \\"Hot Fuzz\\", well Hot.         Absolutely highest possible recommendation.
0060882611|5.0|This is the same book you read as a child but in a hard cover, with giant print.  I am really happy with the high quality of this book.
B0001VV1GK|4.0|My sons, 3 and 18 mos, have both enjoyed this garage.  It was fairly easy to assemble, and has held up better than the plastic one we had originally bought.  It has this neat elevator that carries the cars up and down.  One note: I was under the impression that several little wooden cars came with the garage, but in fact, only one was included.  However, my kids use their other Hot Wheels and Matchbox cars on it without any problem.  I'm considering looking into other products from this manufacturer.
B00011RPB0|5.0|I must say, the first time I watched this movie, I hated it.  My husband and I had rented it for the night and were expecting a film that moved along a little more quickly.  After all, don't most films do that these days?  It's unusual to have a film that unfolds slowly and deliberately, and if you're not in the right mood for that kind of movie at that moment, you're going to hate it.  I hated this movie (with a passion) the first time I saw it.  My husband and I rolled our eyes at each other when it was done, as if saying, \\"Can we get those 2 hours back?!\\"      The next time this movie was on the movie channel, I watched it again.  I began to appreciate the actors' performances, as well as the glimpses into the culture of Tokyo.      The unspoken romantic feelings between Bob and Charlotte are wonderful, and it was refreshing to have a movie that convincingly portrayed a bond between two characters without having them rip their clothes off.  We can see that they're attracted to each other, but they also know that they have other obligations.  Heartbreaking, but beautiful.
B000001BX0|5.0|First time I bought this Cd was back in Sep 97, after a friend from highschool played a couple of songs I thought \\"I gotta have this!\\". Unfortunately my Mom didn't think the same and the Cd \\"dissapeared\\" after a year or so. The second time I bought it was in 2001 and had the same \\"mysterious\\" destiny, desapeared after a few months...Now that I have my own house I can be sure to buy it one more time and I'm pretty sure this time it will stay with me for a long time.<br /><br />About the Cd I just can say if you're up to laugh and have a few \\"rebel melodies\\" this is the perfect cd for you. And if you're a Molotov's fan you oughta have this!
0316067598|5.0|This book evokes intense pride and gratitude for our military heroes and the sacrifices they and their families are making every day.  Let this be a wake-up call to those that do not understand, or want to, the dire threat to our country and the world by people that want to destroy what we hold dear and that we can't continue to put our heroes at a severe risk in the fight against terrorism with the current rules of engagement.  This book will make you take inventory of your priorities.  It will evoke pride for our soldiers absolute committment and professionalism, tears at the losses experienced by them and their families, anger at the policies of engagement and a renewal of faith and value of community.  A must read.
B000RJO578|5.0|If only we had something like this made here instead of the \\"comedic\\" garbage that are the Scary Movie series where the jokes are about throwing up and other disgusting bodily fluids!     I went to see this because my friends told me they'd seen \\"Shaun of the Dead\\" and enjoyed it, so I went. It was so good! The humor was non-stop, well paced, satire of the action flick genre. It was better the action flicks I've seen this year!     So if you want something well written, well acted and actually funny, get this! I guarantee you'll like it better then the stuff out in thetres. I'll want to use some explosives too if we get another film like \\"Epic Movie\\"!
B00080Z53O|5.0|Best movie I have seen in a very long time, higly recommended. Strong and crude topic treated with an amazing sensitivity. Wondefully directed and Javier Barden act is amazing.  Don't miss it
B000000WI4|4.0|If you are going to give an opinion about a John Lee Hooker's record, you must have present that your talking about one of the most important bluesmen of all times and this is not easy.  Hooker has a very extensive discography. In my opinion he has records on several levels, but most of them are on a high level. This 'Mr. Lucky'  is really good and even more if you take into account the contributions of his companions (Johnnie Johnson, Robert Cray, Albert Collins, Van Morrison, John Hammond, Carlos Santana, Johnny Winter, Keith Richards). All the songs are good, although I am partial to \\"I want to hug you\\" with Johnnie Johnson playing piano, \\"Mr.  Lucky\\", \\"Backstabbers\\", \\"Stripped me naked\\", with Robert Cray, the impressive Albert Collins and Carlos Santana starting a row with their guitars (and in the case of Cray also with his extraordinary voice), \\"Susie\\" with an electrifying Johnny Winter's guitar solo, and closing this good LP \\"Father was a jockey\\" with the magnificent Jonh Hammond on guitar and harmonica. As a whole, a great disk. I recommend and I give it 4 stars.
0060730552|2.0|i am sorry but i was so disappointed with this book! -i read this book after seeing all the great reviews and i do not understand all the hype- i think the only reason there are so many great reviews is that climbers stick together and have a reverence for eachother so perhaps they don't want to \\"pan\\" joe simpson's book- but as far as i am concerned, this book was very poorly written, so slow, so boring, way too technical and such a chore to get through- i didn't understand what all the terms meant and even when looking them up, i still couldn't get a clear picture of what was happening to him- even the photos were of no help- if you are not a climber you will have the same problem- and if you are a climber, you will still find it as i described above less the terminology problems- i didn't find it enjoyable at all- i expected to find it rivetting and interesting and heart wrenching but it was none of the above- and his friend simon yates was so despicable in this book that you just can't believe that joe even talks to him let alone includes his version of events in this book and dedicates the book to him? huh?- it just made no sense- but,   if you do want the greatest true adventure survival story EVER WRITTEN then you ABSOLUTELY MUST read \\"ADRIFT\\"- it is BY FAR the greatest true survival story ever written- it is superbly written and you don't have to be a sailor to understand his plight- your heart aches and you feel you are there as he literally drifts across the atlantic in a sinking dinghy for 76 days waiting to be rescued- but he realizes no one is coming to rescue him, so therefore, he must save himself- UNBELIEVABLE- he is an amazing man- now this is an amazing story of survival- i am shocked that touching the void was even put to pen to be honest- this may sound unkind but while i was reading it i kept thinking, \\"why was a book written about this?\\" -didn't seem worth writing a book over- (sorry joe- glad you are alive though of course)- i encourage you allto skip this one and read \\"ADRIFT\\" instead-  UPDATE: i decided to rent the movie \\"touching the void\\" from the library to see if the movie made for a more interesting story- well yes it did- it wasn't the best adventure survival movie i have ever seen but it was still infinitely better than the book- and it was nice to see the real joe tell the story- he really lets us into his soul i find and one could see how much this experience has affected him- tears were never far from his eyes- i came away liking the guy- you will not get the same feeling from simon yates, however- if you read his excerpts in the book and watch him in the movie, you will see he is a cold person, a friend you wouldn't want to have- a friend who would leave you to die when you needed him- with friends like that who needs enemies? glad you are safe joe! and i must say it was brave of simon to show his face in the movie- at least he is not denying his role (or lack thereof) in this adventure- to you readers, my advice is to watch the movie over the book-
0618680004|5.0|This is one of my favorite books, the one that sits on the shelf of books that I continually re-read. It has helped me greatly in explaining myself to religious people who don't understand (or don't want to understand) why I have changed to an atheist. Hopefully, some of these folks can read this book and understand why many of us are switching to atheism - even if they don't want to do so themselves.
074356619X|5.0|I think everyone should have a copy of this.  I listen to it every day while I am driving, and I have bought a head set to bring it into the house to listen to it before I go to bed at night:)
0345440900|5.0|This book was great and really helped me to learn my babies ques, especially his sleep ques. I reccomend it as a great first book to read. Hopefully before your child comes home, but also very helpful in the first few months too.
0738711500|5.0|I purchased this set a few months ago and am really enjoying both the book and the deck.  I have numerous decks that I have collected over the years, one or two of which I have consistently gone back to as they have felt most comfortable for me.  However, since receiving this set I very rarely use any of my other decks - I simply love the artwork of the Ciro Marchetti deck and really connect with the images.      In addition, although I've been reading for many years, I enjoy exploring others' interpretations of the cards as I feel I am often able to gain additional perspectives and insights into the images, and I believe that really understanding and connecting with tarot is an ongoing, ever-expanding journey. Josie has done a wonderful job of explaining the cards' imagery, interpretations, and inter-relationships, as well as covering other very important topics that can really benefit those students new to tarot, as well as those of us looking to deepen our knowledge.    This book has definitely reignited my enthusiasm for and connection with the cards.  Many thanks to Josie and Ciro!
B000BCKFWK|5.0|This is one extended edition dvd worth purchasing. Unlike other \\"double dips\\" that are marketed as special/collector's/limited/extended edition, this is a release that truly delivers. Not only does this dvd contain the extended edition of each story presented in the film, it also contains the original theatrical edition. The Marv and Hartigan storylines have the most material added to them, you can hardly notice the additions to the Dwight storyline. One of the bonus features explains the chronology of the events in the film, for those who were/are confused.  If you don't own the movie, buy this edition. If your a fan buy this edition and sell your single disk release.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|The interesting concept of this Showtime series makes it reason enough to check it out.  Michael C. Hall (Six Feet Under) plays the title character, who works in forensics for the Florida police by day, and is a serial killer at night.  Because of his job and upbringing by a police officer foster father (James Remar), Dexter knows how to cover his tracks while wearing his mask of humanity by day.  Slowly though, things start to take a turn when another serial killer with connections to Dexter's own mysterious past rears his head, and soon enough our title character is caught in a bloody game of cat and mouse.  What makes Dexter so good is the approach taken to the theme of the series by the creators and Hall himself.  What could have easily flopped and failed miserably instead evolves episode by episode as we attempt to see what makes Dexter tick.  The rest of the cast is excellent as well to say the least.  Julie Benz (the vampiric Darla from Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel) is superb as Rita: Dexter's rape victim girlfriend whom he keeps around so he doesn't have to bother with sex, HBO's Oz veterans Lauren Velez and David Zayas as fellow cops, and hottie Jennifer Carpenter as Dexter's sister.  Not since Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer has there been an interesting and above all chilling glimpse into the mind of a madman that walks among us.  Spectacular, and definitely worth picking up even if you never caught the show on Showtime during it's first season run.
0316666343|2.0|The two most obnoxious things in the world to me...a poor ending to a story/movie and the dark, lack of closure it leaves with you for days.      The book started out strong, but it fizzled completely in the middle.  Sebold kept giving hints of a great story, but fell short with endless, boring, inconsequential details and a lack of detail when it really mattered.  Call me unimaginative, but I don't like when a writer leaves important details to the readers imagination.  Spell it out for me.  I'm paying for your book and I'm wasting valuable time reading it when I could be doing something else - do me the honor of including details involving the mystery part of the story.  I can honestly say it was the first time in my life, I found myself skimming a story.  She went on and on about inconsequential (to the murder/murderer) details, and I kept screaming in my heat, \\"to get to the point, get to the story\\"!    Being an avid mystery/horror story lover, and reading my fair share of books regarding the \\"great beyond\\", I didn't get the feeling she had enough knowledge to adequately write about such topics.  Her clues and climaxes went nowhere and it left me with more questions than answers.  She would draw me in with these little details I thought she's expand on, and never did.  I read the book in three days, staying up until 3am (when the kids were sleeping) to try to find out if there would be closure for \\"Suzie's\\" family and her murder would be solved.      If you're the type of person that likes closure at the end of the story, don't read this book.  If you're looking for a wonderful view of heaven and the \\"great beyond\\", don't read the book.  It was the greatest waste of time I've had this summer.
B00005JPFC|5.0|I entered the theater for \\"Ratatouille\\" hungry. Yeah, my stomach sort of was craving that buttery, salty, hydrogenated fatty taste of popcorn. But aside that--I was hungry for a fantastic animated film that has been absolutely raved upon by distinguished critics and average moviegoers alike. Hungry just like a food critic is about fine French cuisine.    Mmm, and did I leave the theater full of what I wanted (not only the popcorn!) Quite bluntly, \\"Ratatouille\\" is one of the most original films I've seen in recent memory, and also one of the best movies so far of 2007.    The film deals with a rat named Remey living in the French suburbs. Remey isn't any ordinary rat...unlike the tastes of garbage which his family and friends crave, Remey wants REAL food...human food, as he initially calls it. When he and his family are kicked out of this quaint town, Remey finds himself in Paris, with a new friend called Linguini, a human, who is the pimply-faced teenaged janitor for a highly regarded classy 5-star French restaurant.    The problem is, Linguini wants to be a chef. And since Remey knows how to cook (and damn well) he teams with Linguini by hiding under his chef hat, controlling his actions (by pulling on his hair) to create the best food in Paris.    Hilarity ensues. Truly, I expected nothing less from master filmmaker Brad Bird, who brought us The Incredibles, and some of the early days of The Simpsons. The directing is very well-done, the screenplay is superior, and the voice talent is absolutely BRILLIANT. Peter O'Toole plays the hungry, evil, most cynical food critic around and executes the role seamlessly (and painfully funny too, if you're familiar with his other work as I am!) Sometimes absolutely hysterical, sometimes the \\"awwwh\\" moment of feeling sorry for someone, sometimes downright absurd--like fine food, it's got something for everyone. I saw it with my little brother, who happens to be six years old, and the movie was silly enough to keep him entertained and sophisticated enough to keep me and my dad laughing throughout.    Ratatouille is indeed worth all the hype it's collected in the month it's been released. See it on the big screen before it leaves theaters for good--and then you'll see this one at the Academy Awards!       4.5-Stars (rounded to 5)
0385522401|4.0|A good story, well told right up to its unfeasable ending. It beggars belief that this couple, with their history and love for each other, would not try again or even see each other ever again, simply because of what occurred and was said on their wedding night. A sorry ending in more ways than one.
B0001US8EO|2.0|Admirable as this attempt was the movie Tombstone was a much better picture. Val Kilmer was awesome as Doc Holliday and Quaids performance is strained and hammy in comparison. The entire cast was excellent and the film had a better quality troughout.
B000L212HC|4.0|The Prestige is a wonderful film that even though you take their warning and \\"watch closely\\" you will still want to watch it again and again.  So many films that have a \\"twist\\" usually end up being a one-trick-pony and aren't worth watching again, but The Prestige is not among those films.  With repeat viewings I get something new out of it, and of course it has wonderful acting by Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale and Sir Michael Caine you don't want to take your eyes off of it.  Plus the fact Christopher Nolan is quickly becoming one of my favorite directors, this was a no-brainer for me to own.I must say, this was a great film to see in the theatre, The Prestige was really made for the big screen.  However since it has run the course and is now available for home video, Blu-ray is the way to go for this title.  The imagery really \\"pops\\" in high-def, and the sound is crystal clear making for some wonderful home cinematic moments especially whenever they are performing magic.  You must see this film!
B000QUCNP4|4.0|David Fincher has proven himself to be nothing less than a master of the moody, star filled thriller, and Zodiac is no different.  Fincher's first since taking a long break after Panic Room, Zodiac revolves around a trio of characters who all do their own work as the Zodiac killer both terrorizes and puzzles them.  The first department that Zodiac succeeds in is with the casting, which includes Jake Gyllenhaal as Robert Graysmith (the cartoonist who wrote the book the film is derived from), the great Robert Downey Jr. as crime writer Paul Avery, and Mark Ruffalo as cop David Toschi; all of whom find themselves brought together as the body count rises.  The rest of the cast features Chloe Sevigny, Brian Cox, Elias Koteas, Donal Logue, and Dermot Mulroney; all of whom in smaller but nevertheless pivotal roles that could have been wasted by any other actors.  Fincher himself is in fine form as his look of the film is grimy and reflective of the era without being dated, and the cinematography and art direction are simply brilliant.  The only real flaw with Zodiac is that the film is overlong and has no real ending (then again, anyone familiar with the crimes should take this as no surprise), but in every other department, Zodiac is a winner.  All in all, Zodiac is a mainstream serial killer film unlike that of which you may have seen before, and for fans of true crime or Fincher, it is definitely worth checking out.
032147404X|5.0|Kelby's book is a great start if you are new to the world of digital photography. The book is divided into topical sections which covers each of the major issues surrounding photography in general and digital photography in specific. This book is not a lengthy technical exposition of optics and camera hardware; rather, it is a hands-on guide that helps us both compose and capture the best photographs we can from even our sometimes diminutive and inexpensive cameras.<br /><br />Although the book is aimed at novices, there are some nice tricks and tips that even seasoned photographers may not have considered. But its main audience is the novice or mid-range user who simply wants to make sense out of the process photographers use to take great photographs. For example, we learn about aperture, shutter speed, and exposure, and how these three are related on to another. But more importantly, we learn what effect CHANGING aperture and/or shutter speed will have on the resulting photo. We learn about how to take sharp, crisply-focused photos, and what it means to say a photo is \\"tack sharp.\\" We learn about some basic and inexpensive add-on hardware that can completely alter the quality of most any digital camera (some costing as little as three dollars), and as a person who as actually tried most of these suggestions, I can say that knowing and learning these things really can move your photos into an area of quality that is surprisingly good. Kelby's suggestions are born out of years of experience, and his ability to explain exactly what does and doesn't work is clearly demonstrated on most every page.<br /><br />The introduction of digital technology to the analog camera has revolutionized how we view and take photographs. I, for one, could never get \\"into\\" photography while it was in its film variant, the process being too cumbersome and intricate (and expensive) for me to wish to pursue it to any degree. When Sony introduced the CCD sensor in the mid 1990's and made digital photography available for the average guy, I, like millions of others, started experimenting with photography for the first time. That means that there are millions of people walking around with relatively sophisticated digital cameras who don't know a whit about how to leverage them to take the best photographs. Kelby's book admirably fits the bill for those people, demystifying the process of simple composition, explaining basic concepts and controls, and then giving us those added tips and tricks that can really serve well on photographing expositions. To boot, the book is beautifully illustrated with full-color photographs and is reasonably priced. Use this book as a stepping stone into the larger world of photography. You might be surprised just how good a result you can achieve with a sub $200 camera using some of these useful strategies.hy available for the average guy, I, like millions of others, started experimenting with photography for the first time. That means that there are millions of people walking around with relatively sophisticated digital cameras who don't know a whit about how to leverage them to take the best photographs. Kelby's book admirably fits the bill for those people, demystifying the process of simple composition, explaining basic concepts and controls, and then giving us those added tips and tricks that can really serve well on photographing expositions. To boot, the book is beautifully illustrated with full-color photographs and is reasonably priced. Use this book as a stepping stone into the larger world of photography. You might be surprised just how good a result you can achieve with a sub $200 camera using some of these useful strategies.
1400063515|5.0|This is a very important book for decision makers - it helps explain fallacies of common thought, and suggests ways to avoid these problems.  It's written in a style that highlights the achievements of doers over false philosophers and thinkers who encourage this mistaken style of thinking.  Fooled by Randomness teaches us the importants of understanding the impact of random events.  The Black Swan teaches us not to be fooled by attempts to measure them.    2 big core concepts drive the book:  - Where models (mental or computer based) are used, people too often resort to using \\"Bell Curve\\" based models, which dramatically underestimate the occurance of extreme events.  - Even if the right model is used, many events simply aren't able to be modelled.  The biggest extreme events aren't contained in the model's parameters or output.    There are several complaints levelled against the book:  - Practioners at least know about #1 - and in the financial markets they don't trust the bell curve.  The author would likely admit to this, and takes more issue with academics wedded to the bell curve.  - The author is too pompous and arrogant - It is hard to make a book about mathematical modelling interesting.  I suspect with a flatter tone, none of us would have even heard of the book.    - It's too long.  All in, it's much more than just a 1 idea concept book like \\"The Long Tail\\" or \\"Blink\\" - it explores the ideas further, and demonstrates them across many fields.      The book is easy reading, but not to be taken all in one sitting.  Mulling over a chapter or so a day will leave the reader understanding some powerful concepts.
9562911640|1.0|Product did not work. Returned.<br />Also took longer to get than other products I've order from Amazon.
B000002UAO|3.0|But then how good is a [...]memory? I dunno. It just didn't resonate like the old days. A handful of greats like MICHELLE, but mostly songs that are forgettable.
B000QFAJ7S|4.0|Yes, Kelly Clarkson's new album is darker than her last two.  I think we've all heard that about a dozen times since Clarkson's widely-covered spat with Clive Davis hit the presses.  But that doesn't mean it isn't just as good.  Songs like One Minute, Don't Waste Your Time, and Never Again are just as much fun to sing along to as Walk Away or Gone.  Clarkson even stretches her wings with the beautiful acoustic Be Still and the cryptic Irvine.  I would agree that the songs aren't quite as catchy on first listen as previous work, but what they lack in mainstream appeal, they make up for with penetrating lyrics and more interesting arrangements.  No, this album isn't a good pick for your 10-year-old, but for Kelly's more mature listening audience, her powerful voice will sound just as good as ever.
0205313426|5.0|This little book is considered classic and timeless by many professors and students. I find it very helpful. It inspired me to write my own book about English.<br /><br />Brandon Simpson
B000GNOM78|5.0|Watching this historical film in HD-DVD is amazing!  The colors pop, the clarity is magnificent!  I saw this film several times as a teenager in the movie theaters when it first came out.  I've bought it on VHS and later on DVD over the years.  But it never had the impact it did on the big screen from actual FILM.  But this copy is amazing, it recaptures the genuine magic the film had on the big screen.  If you're a Bruce Lee fan, you HAVE to get this HD-DVD!  The extras are also pretty spectacular.  Brenda's interview clips are very nice, especially since they were done for this HD-DVD, and are not simply repeats of other interviews us fans have already seen a million times.  She gives new info I didn't know, and I'm the biggest Bruce Lee fan on the planet!
B000Y7U98W|1.0|Why is Sunshine so godforsaken awful? For starters, so much emphasis was placed on the artfully done, but gruesome, violence that it was annoying. While at the same time there was zero sex or romantic interest between the characters.<br /><br />Next, ALL the laws of physics are completely thrown out the window, making it so ridiculous, it will boggle your mind: A 2001, Hal-like supercomputer falls apart like butter. Human beings can travel through outer space with nothing more than strips of aluminum wrapped around their body, and by holding their breath. Our sun is dying so a really big bomb can create another sun, on and on, ad nauseum!<br /><br />Somewhere along the line an evil mutant creature joins the party. He wants to destroy the world in order to send everyone to heaven! How nice! He waltzes in out of the blue. But he is not invisible, but he must be because no one saw him until they discovered he was breathing! (No, I'm not kidding!)<br /><br />In a way, this story is actually an extremely poorly written murder mystery under the guise of Science Fiction. It tries to create a foreboding mood, which ends up being about the only thing it creates! In some ways, Sunshine attempts to be a cross between Stanislaw Lem's \\"Solaris\\" (the Sun's alive, instead of a planet) and \\"Ten Little Indians\\" (knocking off those poor astronauts one-by-one).\\" Both films, are at least, a 100 times better movie than this rotten piece of celluloid! So save yourself a lot of aggravation, and rent, or purchase, one of them instead!<br /><br />See: [[ASIN:0618319387 The Nature of Science: An A-Z Guide to the Laws and Principles Governing Our Universe]]
B00092ZL80|5.0|I have seen EWF in concert 3 different times beginning in 1979. I saw Chicago 16 in 1985(their last concert with Peter Cetera). Whoever put these two great bands together had one of he best ideas in music ever. The energy that is given off by the music is absolutely breathtaking. I wish we had more great bands like these two still in their prime. Chicago is a little past theirs but EWF is still going strong. I still think these two band are two of the best all time.  You won't be dissapointed with this DVD.
1416523359|2.0|As in many other King stories, Lisey's Story is about writing.  In fact, it is kind of an inversion of the set-up for Bag of Bones.  The earlier novel deals with a famous writer dealing with the death of his wife.  In Lisey's Story, it is the wife who lives, and her famous husband has passed on.  It has actually been two years since Scott Landon's death, and Lisa (\\"Lisey\\") Landon has done most of her grieving, but a couple of events will bring Scott back.  Or is he just a voice in Lisey's head?    For one thing, her sister Amanda, never the most stable of women, is getting crazier and crazier and will soon lapse into what may be irreversible catatonia.  Secondly, Lisey is getting threats from a man calling himself Zack McCool:  either she turns over her husband's papers to a specific university or she will be hurt severely.  For Lisey, the answers to these problems will be found by delving into Scott's tormented past, in particular an evil that seemed to infect his relatives and an alternate universe he can visit that offers both hope and nightmares.    Superficially, the knowledgeable King reader may wonder about parallels between Lisey and King's own wife, Tabitha.  Both the Kings and Landons have had long marriages, and both the husbands have been tormented by personal demons (King discusses his drug problems in his memoir, On Writing).  Although King says that Lisey isn't Tabitha in his afterword, one can still wonder if there isn't something slightly autobiographical here.  Of course, Tabitha is a semi-successful writer and a mother, something Lisey isn't; in fact, Lisey isn't much of anything.  She has allowed herself to be almost completely defined as Mrs. Scott Landon.    Although I am a King fan, I'm also willing to admit he's had his share of bad novels.  Lisey's Story, however, is not so much bad as it is boring, which may even be a greater sin.  Part of the problem is that this is mostly an internal story with only intermittent action.  King doesn't write these stories often, and he's not that good at them.  In addition, King's use of slang, which often seems to enhance his novels, here seems overdone; it even seems at times that it is almost a parody of King's writing than the real thing.  And there's the villain:  compared to some of the truly nasty figures that King has given us in the past, Zack McCool is just a pale shadow.    The good news is that the story does pick up towards the last third of the book, but that's still a long four hundred page slog to get to that point.  And even bad King has its merits.  I suppose if you've never read King before, this book may not be as disappointing, but for those who have (and my guess is that 95% or more of the readers will not be first-time King readers), Lisey's Story will be below average, a high two-stars at best.
1592402038|4.0|This book was a joy to read for me, and it was also research at the same time. I never realized how many punctuation errors people make. Some of these errors drive me crazy, too. I can't stand when people confuse their, there, and they're. This book was good research for me because I wrote my own book about English grammar, but only one chapter deals with punctuation.<br /><br />The humor in this book is dry. So if you're not a grammar nut, you're definitely not going to like this book.<br /><br />Brandon Simpson
0385495323|5.0|This book is one of the best books i have read in a while. it explains everything you want to know about cryptography and how to break the codes. This author knows his stuff. If you want to get started in learning about cryptography, this is a good place to start.
B000OVLBFI|5.0|Their service was prompt and the product was as advertised , very nice folks to do business with.
B000F3UAFC|5.0|A realistic drama about a mother who willing to sacrafice her own future and happpiness to trade or save her daughter's life. The love Is so humongous and noble that people need to write some more stories of human relationship's sacrifices. Sometimes people needs a wake up call to realise how much fortunated they have each others, but never considerer it as a blessing.
B00005JPLW|4.0|This was an interesting, if not entirely accurate, testosterone-loaded look at the Battle of Thermopylae, one of history's most lopsided and impressive battles, as 300 Spartan elite soldiers, supported by others, held back the Persian invasion forces for days, allowing Greece to prepare its greater forces to repel the invasion. It's light, if gory, action fare, and I found it enjoyable, and it also inspired me to hours of refreshing my recollections of the Greek and Persian Wars, which were very interesting to me when I was much younger.
B0008KLVG4|5.0|With JAWS, Steven Spielberg burst upon the Hollywood scene, coincidentally inventing the summer blockbuster (for a while it was the highest-grossing film in history, breaking the $100 million mark), and laying the predicate for a whole series of wildly successful science fiction/adventure films that dominated the late 1970s and early 1980s, films like the STAR WARS trilogy, the STAR TREK series, CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND, E.T., RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK and its sequels, a slew of uneven remakes of 1950s classics, and a host of less-than-memorable gadget-monster knock-offs.<br /><br />Lest you wonder, JAWS is sci-fi: A trio of intrepid explorers/monster hunters (Quint, Hooper and the Chief) travel to an alien world (the ocean) to take on a supernormal sentient beast (the shark) which has been threatening Earth (in this case, the fictional Amity Island).<br /><br />Just as trivia: JAWS the novel takes place on the South Shore of Long Island in a town called Amity; this brought notoriety to the real South Shore town of Amityville, notoriety which was confirmed with THE AMITYVILLE HORROR a few years later.<br /><br />Luckily for Spielberg, JAWS was and still is a wonderful entertainment experience, belieing its history of horrendous cost overruns and production problems, a history which would have sunk Spielberg's career before it ever started, had JAWS been less successful.<br /><br />We never get to see the shark until the third reel; however, John Williams' classic \\"Da-dum da-dum da-dum\\" theme is familiar enough a part of popular culture to make swimmers look around nervously 'til today. It's a character in itself.<br /><br />Robert Shaw turns in a masterful performance as Quint, the salty, snarly, obscene Ancient Mariner come to life. Richard Dreyfus plays Matt Hooper, a college-boy ichyologist caught up in a hilarious contest of machismo with the barnacled Quint, in which the two crush beer cans (Quint) and styrofoam cups (Hooper), trade barbs (literally and figuratively) as the hunt goes on, and eventually bond in their shared Ahabian quest against the shark. The Buddy Film quality of JAWS is immortal.<br /><br />Roy Scheider plays Chief Brody, the seafearing New York cop who always wants a bigger boat. Every sailor knows the scat dialogue, \\"Get away from that radio!\\" never actually shouted by Quint as he smashes his marine radio to bits after the nervous, completely-out-of-his-element Brody calls mayday after just seeing the shark for the first time.<br /><br />Murray Hamilton turns in the best performance of his career as the gregarious, disbelieving Mayor Larry Vaughan, who refuses to accept that his town has become a seafood buffet, albeit from the wet side of the tide line. His doubt nearly consumes him. It DOES consume several of his constituents.<br /><br />Quite possibly one of the ten best films of all time, JAWS entertains immensely even a third of a century later.and eventually bond in their shared Ahabian quest against the shark. The Buddy Film quality of JAWS is immortal.           Roy Scheider plays Chief Brody, the seafearing New York cop who always wants a bigger boat. Every sailor knows the scat dialogue, \\"Get away from that radio!\\" never actually shouted by Quint as he smashes his marine radio to bits after the nervous, completely-out-of-his-element Brody calls mayday after just seeing the shark for the first time.     Murray Hamilton turns in the best performance of his career as the gregarious, disbelieving Mayor Larry Vaughan, who refuses to accept that his town has become a seafood buffet, albeit from the wet side of the tide line. His doubt nearly consumes him. It DOES consume several of his constituents.     Quite possibly one of the ten best films of all time, JAWS entertains immensely even a third of a century later.
B000O76TA4|4.0|It's fight club, the best movie of all time. I wouldn't recomend spending the extra money on this versioun though, because all that is different (as far as I can tell) from the previously released 2 disc version is the case. I did not own the old 2 disc version, so I could be wrong, all I had was the cheap 1 disc version that i got from walmart for $10, but if you have never seen this, or must have all things Fight Club it is worth getting.
B000PHX4VA|4.0|It is hard to believe that a band can become a Hall of Fame band with just five studio albums to their name, but the Police are such a band.   This is an honor that the Police are most worthy of. The Police were sort of an off-shoot of the Punk Rock movement of the late 1970s.  The band would eventually encompass other influences - namely Classic Rock, Reggae, Jazz, Dance, and even Folk.   For the most part, it is fair to say there was a Punk Rock and Reggae influence on the band for their first two albums\\" - \\"Outlandos D'Amour\\" and \\"Regatta de Blanc\\".   Both of these albums were terrific efforts - mostly because The Police used applied their unique style to a formula that worked.  The Police would soon transform their sound to a more Classic Rock sound.  With each successive album (\\"Zenyatta Mondatta\\", \\"Ghost in the Machine\\", and \\"Synchronicity\\"), the Police would continue to grow as a band and incorporate a variety of genres into their sound.    In 1986, the Police officially disbanded and it wouldn't be until 2007 when they would officially reunite for a reunion tour.  To build some momentum for the tour, the Police would release a two CD greatest hits collection entitled \\"The Police\\".   This compilation does provide a good portfolio of the band's classic tracks.    \\"The Police\\" takes tracks from each of the band's five albums.  Six tracks from \\"Outlandos D'Amour\\" (\\"Can't Stand Losing You\\", \\"Next to You\\", \\"Roxanne\\", \\"Truth Hits Everybody\\", \\"Hole in My Life\\", \\"So Lonely\\");  Four tracks from \\"Regatta De Blanc\\" (\\"Message in a Bottle\\", \\"Regatta De Blanc\\", \\"Bring on the Night\\", \\"Walking on the Moon\\");  Five tracks from \\"Zenyatta Mondatta\\" (\\"Don't Stand So Close to Me\\", \\"Driven to Tears\\", \\"Canary in a Coalmine\\", \\"De Do Do Do, De Da Da Da\\", \\"Voices Inside My Head\\"); Four tracks from \\"Ghost in the Machine\\" (\\"Invisible Sun\\", \\"Every Little Thing She Does is Magic\\", \\"Spirits in the Material World\\", \\"Demolition Man\\"); Eight tracks from \\"Synchronicity\\" (\\"Every Breath You Take\\", \\"Synchronicity I\\", \\"Wrapped Around Your Finger\\", \\"Walking In Your Footsteps\\", \\"Synchronicity II\\", \\"King of Pain\\", \\"Murder By Numbers\\", \\"Tea in the Sahara\\").  This collection also includes the band's debut single - not released on the five studio albums - \\"Fallout\\".   There is an import version of this collection that includes two addition tracks - \\"The Bed's Too Big Without You\\" (from \\"Regatta De Blanc\\") and \\"Rehumanize Yourself\\" (from \\"Ghost in the Machine\\").  My big argument is that this collection tends to go too heavy on \\"Synchronicity\\" - with eight of the eleven tracks from that album on this collection.   One can also make the argument not enough was taken from \\"Regatta De Blanc\\" or \\"Ghost in the Machine\\".  For the most part, this compilation does a good job at taking the essential tracks from the Police's music portfolio.    One strength of this collection is that the tracks are chronologically arranged by the studio album they released.  This allows you to see how a band has progressed over time.  In the case of the Police, this is essential because I think it is important to hear how their sound evolved.    When considering a greatest hits compilation, it is important to know that bands often release several flavors of compilations.    \\"Every Breath You Take - The Singles\\": This was a compilation released in 1986.  It only includes twelve tracks.  It contains an updated version of \\"Don't Stand So Close to Me\\" called \\"Don't Stand So Close to Me '86\\").  All of the tracks on this collection are found on \\"The Police\\" 2 CD compilation. For the most part, this collection preserves the chronological ordering of the band.    \\"Every Breath You Take - The Classics\\": An Updated Version of \\"Every Breath You Take - The Singles\\".  It includes both versions of \\"Don't Stand So Close to Me\\" and an additional version of \\"Message in a Bottle\\" (that version is not found on \\"The Police\\" 2 CD compilation). For the most part, this collection preserves the chronological ordering of the band.    \\"The Very Best of Sting and The Police\\":  This provides a mix of Sting's solo work with some of the Police's best hits.  There are two versions of this collection - one from 1997 and one from 2002 with the latter one being more complete.  These compilations do not preserve the chronological ordering of the band.    \\"Message in a Box: The Complete Recordings\\": This is exactly as advertised.  It includes every song from each of the five studio albums as well as some B side songs, live tracks, and songs not originally found on CD.  These songs are arranged in chronological order on four CDs.  It also includes the \\"Don't Stand So Close to Me '86\\" version.    It is worth noting that \\"The Police\\" 2 CD compilation is very good.  If you are looking for a greatest hits collection by the Police, this stands up much stronger than the two \\"Every Breath You Take\\" compilations.  It also provides more depth from the Police perspective than the two versions of \\"The Very Best of Sting and The Police\\".   However, if one is considering a greatest hits collection, I would easily opt for the \\"Message in a Box\\" collection over this 2 CD compilation.  You are going to get so much more for your money.   You also get the benefits of a boxed set (including a very good booklet).  Every song on this 2 CD compilation is going to be found on the \\"Message in a Box\\" collection.  My recommendation would be to go for the \\"Message in a Box\\" collection over this 2 CD compilation.
B0009UC7QQ|4.0|The Truman show was filmed in beautiful Seaside, Florida.  Great place to visit if you get a chance.    The movie is a pretty obvious metaphor for religion.  A lot of people live their lives believing that their version of \\"God\\" created them, and in a sense watches over their lives the way Christoph (coincidence about the controlling character's name? I think not) does Truman's life.    Truman realizes something ain't right several times.  In the end, he stands at a door cleverly hidden in what he has always thought is his reality.  The door is marked \\"Exit\\".      The message is that it's OK to exit your religion.  You can still believe in \\"God\\" in your own way, but there's a complete reality waiting for you that isn't defined by your life long religious belief.    It's up to Truman (and you) whether to continue in the relatively safe, but maybe fake reality, or find a true reality outside of \\"The Truman show\\" or religion.    I suspect \\"hell\\" doesn't lie at the other side of that exit door.
0307346609|4.0|I got this book from a friend for my birthday. After a week or so I finally got the chance to crack it open, to see what Mr. Brooks had for me. And let me tell you it was a \\"thumping good read\\". Brooks combines short stories, interviews told by the survivors of the \\"Z\\" war. He details each undead account highly and throughly. Good work can't wait for more ^_^
B000NA1XSA|3.0|It's always of interest to me when someone who hadn't lived through  the Swingin' Sixties attempts to do an historical expose on the proceedings thereof. As a Beatles fanatic, with the emphasis on fanatic, Beatles music is as much a part of me as my own physiology. As a child of the '60s, forgotten or otherwise swept aside facts and anecdotes by later generations of journalists are still within my memory. The price of Here, There and Everywhere; My Life Recording the Music of the Beatles is not prohibitive,so I'll probably pick it up, but I'm predisposed to taking the narrative with more than a grain of salt. When McCartney gets into his  St. Pauli pose(as the title would imply, one of Paul's lovely ballads),  He reminds me of Jerry Lewis' posthumous documentary of the Martin & Lewis  Years and their aftermath; It could have been subtitled, \\"It Wasn't My Fault,\\" Buy the book, but use a more reliable tome like Michael Lewissohn's magnificent diary of all the Beatles' recording sessions.
0723257639|5.0|This is a beautifully presented set of books.  Great gift for a child - for the parents / grandparents to read to them.  Highly recommeded.
B0000027I6|4.0|This is my second copy - I lost the first - Liked it enough to replace it.
B00005JPAO|1.0|From start to finish, this was hype and propaganda.  Bravo - mission accomplished as the subjects have all bowed low in obeisance here.    Actually, in spite of my belief that this was tale-spinning and track-covering, I have great respect for the crown and realize that they do RULE the world.  The Isles have controlled everything in the world, and there IS a reason for that.  Canadians understand that they are subjects.  Americans believe that they are \\"free\\".  LOLOL.       Long live the Union Jack!
B00005JNS0|5.0|Great movie for kids.  We loved this one--would buy again if we broke this one.
B000MXPE7O|5.0|This is the story of espionage and how the OSS - later to be known as the CIA - came to be. Matt Damon, plays the lead role of Edward Wilson, a shy young man with little to say for himself who becomes a member of the secret society known as Skull & Bones whilst a student at Yale.   Wilson loves poetry and developes a special relationship with his tutor (Michael Gambon) whom he eventually betrays when he is made aware that the tutor is a Nazi Spy.This betrayal sets the pattern of what is to become Edward Wilson's life,a man who totally subjagates his own emotions in order to put his country first.   He marries a woman (Angelina Jolie,in a minor role) he does not love as she is expecting his child, and unbeknownst to her, he requests to be sent on an OSS overseas mission,which he leaves to go to the day after his marriage.   He lives in a world without any real human contact, unable to trust any of his colleagues, and his wife and son at home are strangers to him.  Joe Pesci plays Joseph Palmi, an underworld figure very reminiscent of Carlos Marcello in a book I've just finished reading (Mafia King Fish), when Cuban gambling casinos are shut down by Fidel Castro costing the Mafia millions in lost revenue.   This of course later leads to mob involvement in the Bay of Pigs and the attempted assassination of Castro.  The cast is full of top names and great performances, especially from Damon,DeNiro, Joe Pesci,Tammy Blanchard,Michael Gambon and William Hurt.  The film is very long (168 minutes) and is slow moving, unlike most movies made today, and it requires concentration, patience, and an appreciation of actors absorbed in their roles. This is a film bereft of physical violence,or indeed special effects of any kind.   It requires one's grey matter (brains) to be used,understanding the tension and mind games that are occurring, and becoming involved in what is a gripping and fascinating psycholgical drama at it's best.
B00000JR29|5.0|songs from the big chair is a classic. the songs everybody wants to rule the world and shout hit #1,head over heels hit#3,and mother's talk hit the top 30. other good songs are i blieve,the working hour,broken,and listening. i love this album,you will too. ed wilson
B000MXPE7Y|3.0|I had some mixed feelings about this one.  It was obviously intended as a \\"serious\\" movie, and certainly pulls that off credibly.  On the plus side was the all-star cast, including Matt Damon, Angelina Jolie, Robert DeNiro (who also produced the film), Alec Baldwin, and William Hurt, among others.  Even Joe Pesci makes an appearance toward the end.  However, Jolie's and DeNiro's roles were a bit marginalized for actors who are accustomed to being the star.  Also, Damon seemed (in my humble opinion) to be miscast for the role of Edward Wilson.  He simply looked too young to be believable as a middle-aged man with a twenty-something son, and the birth-control glasses and fedora weren't able to compensate adequately.<br /><br />As to the story itself, I saw it as tracing not only the birth of the CIA, but the dehumanization of Edward Wilson, which culminated in the closing scene with the revelation of his father's secret.  As a spy drama, it is predictably full of intrigue, deception and betrayal.  Wilson is told over and over by other spies that he can trust no one, yet ultimately it is a lesson he must learn through hard experience.  All the while, the viewer watches with a vague sympathy as Wilson's life slips further and further away, as he is dragged ever deeper into the dark web of Cold War espionage.  Yet he is a willing captive.<br /><br />Damon's role was at once central yet maddeningly flat, with relatively little dialogue and a lot of silent, intense staring.  The storyline bounced back and forth between the main tale of exposing a mole who leaked the plans for the Bay of Pigs operation, and tracing Wilson's biography as a college student turned OSS operative in WW2, and later CIA counterintelligence officer.  One must read the subtitles at the beginning of each scene to keep track of the chronology, but even with that aid it can be very difficult to track this subtle and often highly nuanced narrative.  An example is the meeting between Wilson and Modin regarding Edward Jr.'s fiance.  One must read carefully between the lines of their dialogue to appreciate the subsequent scenes involving the young lady's \\"mishap.\\"<br /><br />In short, this movie is worth seeing once -- maybe twice if you really want to be able to understand better some of the more subtle plot twists.  However, I found it to be too long, a bit dry, and not especially entertaining.  I personally wouldn't waste the time on a second viewing..'s fiance.  One must read carefully between the lines of their dialogue to appreciate the subsequent scenes involving the young lady's \\"mishap.\\"    In short, this movie is worth seeing once -- maybe twice if you really want to be able to understand better some of the more subtle plot twists.  However, I found it to be too long, a bit dry, and not especially entertaining.  I personally wouldn't waste the time on a second viewing.
1416523359|1.0|As a Stephen King fan, I kept reading and hoping that this story would get interesting... I gave up at page 100.  The story is slow, unrealistic, and sappy.  It never works for me when a male author writes from a woman's point of view.  I can buy that a woman would mourn for 2 yrs for her husband after his death, but not that she's so disoriented, can't keep a thought in her head, and has gone stupid.  For 100 pages, that's the gist of the story. Very, very disappointed in Stephen King this time.  This one was a sleeper for me... zzzzzzzzz.....
0205313426|5.0|If you didn't buy this one in high school, grab yourself a copy now. This baby is the bible of good writing basics. Don't know the difference between and m-dash and an n-dash? Not sure where to use that semi-colon? Strunk & White has the answer. As a professional writer, I've found it invaluable. But it's equally worthwhile for anyone who regualarly communicates via the written word.
B00000J2PH|5.0|Carol King's album, Tapestry, is a spiritual journey through time. I used the song, You've Got a Friend, to devote to my husband during our wedding and it has always been my favorite song. It really tells the truth about life and how love from someone can get us through the difficulties of life. If You Lead I Will Follow, is a personal song from me to someone I love very much as is, I Feel the Earth Move Under My Feet. The lyrics are timeless and classic. James Taylor totally agrees with me!!!
9626343346|5.0|Timson is an able interpreter of these beloved tales.  Each character has individuality and the overall tone is faithful to Conan Doyle.  The musical interludes are used sparingly and effectivley lending a heightened sense of atmosphere.  Naxos is to be commended for putting the entire Holmes canon before an admiring public in these fine new editions.
0887307280|5.0|The first time I read this book, I knew I was on to something. I've always believed processes and training are the key to creating a well-running business--and he shows you how to make it happen. Sure, some people complain he follows the franchise model a bit too closely, but there's still tons of value to be had in this book. And it's perfect for the entrepreneur who feels overwhelmed by handling all the day to day details of running a business on top of doing what they love.<br /><br />Michael shows you a simple way to get your business organized. And he also shows you how to prepare for future growth. I highly recommend this book to any entrepreneur.
B00005JNS0|2.0|My kids liked it but honestly I thought it was predictable and boring. If you've seen Doc Hollywood, you've seen this movie.
0751532711|5.0|This is the book that first made me realize my ideas on getting rich were not crazy! Kiyosaki puts money management, and more importantly money mentality, in a whole new perspective. He explains the difference between good debt and bad debt (a critical distinction most of us, myself included, don't get unless you've read this).<br /><br />This is the kind of book everyone should read. In fact, I think it should be mandatory reading for all high school students. Anyone who owns their own business, or has ever thought about owning their own business, or buying real estate, or getting rich, would benefit from reading this.
B000N4SHOE|5.0|Miss Potter starring Renee Zellweger is a rich, beautiful, and serene film about the author of Peter Rabbit, Beatrix Potter. I loved this film, Zellweger turns in another strong performance, she is flawless from start to finish. I highly recommend giving the life of Miss Potter a chance. You won't regret it. Enjoy!
1853751960|5.0|A true classic, Ogilvy on Advertising is one of the best known books on what really works in advertising. And it's written by one of the best known and most successful ad men of the 20th century. In it, Ogilvy gives you his critique of many of the most successful ads ever written--plus you see a few that didn't fare so well.<br /><br />Though some of the ads may seem a bit dated, you can easily see how the same concepts can be tweaked and updated to work just as well today. If you plan on doing any advertising at all, do yourself a favor and buy and study this book.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I love this series. The 10 minute extra clips (Planet Earth \\"Diaries\\") for each episode are cool and give you the kind of insight into the filming that you'd be curious about without dragging on and on. But if you are really into DVD extras than you may find them too short. I'm not so I was satisfied.      If you are interested in nature, beauty, evolution or the earth, then the decision is clear: buy this series. I've watched every episode multiple times.       A more specific note to those already in the know or who have only seen a few episodes: Caves is by far the coolest episode because it shows you things that are very strange and sometimes only exist in 1 or two places in the entire world. A species that only exists in cave waterfalls? I mean come on, that's crazy.  Deserts and Mountains are tied for second, but all the episodes are interesting and beautiful.
B000OY8NII|4.0|Eureka is witty and entertaining.  The first season on DVD could have included a few more \\"extras\\" in the package, but is still well worth the investment.  Fans will enjoy it.
B000I5YCCO|5.0|I purchased this CD mainly because my kids and I will be seeing Taylor in concert(who is on tour with Brad Paisley) so we would know her songs. Little did I know I would be SO blown away! This girl is talented without a doubt! To write/co-write every single song on a debut CD is AMAZING to me! Taylor is going far....I know that for a fact!!!
B00004R9A4|3.0|I have two little kids now (8 mo's and 3 1/2yrs) and I'm scouring the reviews for good movies to get them that they can watch over and over.  The average reviews for this movie rated it a 4 1/2 and the comments were pretty good.      For me the movie was slow, more like a stage performance than a movie.  The character development didn't seem to click well with all of the kids and the songs didn't bring you into the movie as well as some of the other Disney movies.    We loved Pete's Dragon and my little girl would keep asking where is Elliot and singing the music.  She didn't do that for this movie.
B000PFUA9G|5.0|WOW is the first thing that comes to mind. Brad Paisley has done nothing but impress me from the beginning. He is a very talented vocalist/guitarist!!!! Even my husband, who is in no way a country music fan is impressed! I really LOVE his sense of humor that he includes with some of his music. Brad is one in a million...that is for sure. This album really shows how talented he is. :) My Mom, kids(ages 9 and 5) and I will be seeing Brad in concert for the first time at the end of August and we all CANNOT WAIT!!!!!!   Brad: KEEP THE AWESOME MUSIC COMING!!!!!
1594489505|5.0|A Thousand Splendid Suns was a book that I could not put down. Getting caught up in the lives of the characters left me sad to leave them upon my completion of the book.<br />However, I read a critique of the book by Ann Marlowe in The Weekly Standard magazine that questioned its Afghan cultural authenticiy, stating that Hosseini \\"is largely imagining a culture he lived in for eight of his first 11 years.\\" It is a tale of a society, according to Morrow, that is more wishful and westernized than it is in reality.<br />This does not take away, to my mind (although I was glad to have read the critique), that it is a good read.
B000E5KJD4|5.0|After experiencing the A.L.Webber play production, seeing the movie in the theater and watching it on SD-DVD, my wife and I were Still Awe Struck at the supreme quality of the HD-DVD Video and Audio Quality...simply, AMAZING!!! I currently have 50 Great HD-DVD movies and this \\"Phantom of the Opera\\" is overall, hands-down, the Best Eye\Ear Candy to show off our excellent Home Theater!      BTW, We really love the A.L.W production itself...can't compare it to Any of the World Class play productions, but just Enjoy it Tremendously for what it is...A Great Movie that we can experience any time in our Own Theater!!!
014118213X|5.0|Most of Forster's oeuvre examines the confrontation between \\"old England\\" and \\"new England,\\" but none does the job so well as \\"Howards End.\\" Tradition and modernity, wealth and poverty, honor and honesty, the rule of men and the rights of women--the Edwardian age brought these conflicts to the fore, and here Forster portrays the battle through the prism of class warfare.<br /><br />The members of the nouveau riche Wilcox family have borrowed their ideals of privilege and duty from the aristocratic class to which they aspire--but those adopted principles are sorely tested by the bookish liberalism of the comfortably middle-class Schlegel sisters, Margaret and Helen, daughters of a German immigrant. The \\"stiff upper lip\\" of Henry Wilcox has long been immune to the virtuousness of his ailing wife and the insufferable dim-wittedness of his pampered children, but his world is torn asunder by the twin assault of Margaret's reasonable worldliness (\\"a practical little woman\\") and Helen's romantic idealism.<br /><br />A third household--the impoverished, unmarried Leonard and Jacky Bast--represents an underclass dispensable to the likes of the Wilcoxes, who regard them as little more than erstwhile labor (or, we discover, as far worse). For the Schlegel sisters, the hapless couple serves as the beneficiary of their \\"schemes of Social Reform.\\" Although the presence of Leonard Bast at first seems peripheral to the story, his position as \\"protege\\" to Helen's charitable impulses brings the conflict between the two wealthier families to a head when Helen blames Henry Wilcox and her own inference for Leonard's misfortune--and expects them both to make good. \\"How wide the gulf between Henry as he was and Henry as Helen thought he ought to be!\\" That gulf becomes a chasm that threatens to swallow all three families whole.<br /><br />The battle, in Lionel Trilling's phrase, is over \\"who shall inherit England,\\" and Forster's startling ending and even more unexpected epilogue serve as both warning and prediction. Yet Forster's memorable witticisms and gripping intrigues keep the social message from ever becoming heavy-handed (although, granted, the finale depends on a melodramatic, if horrific, twist of fate). For those who have never read Forster, this novel is the place to start.on. Yet Forster's memorable witticisms and gripping intrigues keep the social message from ever becoming heavy-handed (although, granted, the finale depends on a melodramatic, if horrific, twist of fate). For those who have never read Forster, this novel is the place to start.
B00005JPRT|5.0|Just saw this movie and went straight to the store and bought the soundtrack. It is such an amazing movie and just shows that you don't need millions to make a wonderful movie (or Julia Roberts)! It really is an impressive production. It is only playing in our small Art House theater so I don't know if it is in wide release but it deserves to be.
B0000252YK|5.0|I bought the original vinyl back in 1986, this album is one of the best Ozzy has released.
B000NA28I4|2.0|I have read both \\"Eragon\\" and \\"Eldest\\" and I am looking forward to the third novel in the Inheritance Trilogy. However, I am NOT looking forward to the next movie in the series. I doubt that another movie will even be made after the creation of this debacle.     Peter Buchman, the screenwriter for this film, should have actually read the books before he turned \\"Eragon\\" into a movie. I can't believe Christopher Paolini signed off on this! It wasn't even made clear that there were three races of people living in Alagaesia. I had to tell my wife, who hasn't read the books, that Arya was an elf! If you can't make it clear in an hour and a half that there are different races in the world, than you have a problem.    The costumes, camera work, and the special effects were not even that good! The Urgals just looked like humans with bad makeup jobs. During one of the panoramic shots, I swear I saw a \\"modern-day\\" road in the background. Saphira looked good, but obviously the budget for this film was too small to do justice to the magic and mystery portrayed by Paolini. I think that in a few years, this film will be fodder for such shows as Mystery Science Theater 3000.    If you have read the books, do yourself a favor and wait until the DVD comes to your local library. If you haven't read the books, do so and then refuse to see the movie.    I am sorry to be so blunt, but ugh.....it was bad. It was just that bad.
B0000A118M|5.0|When John Coltrane recorded this album in 1964, he intended it to be a tribte to God; the record is an epic four-part suite, with each of its sections representing a stage in the struggle for spiritual unity with the supreme being. The music is full of passion and power, bulging with internal conflict and meditative grace. 'Trane's playing here is incredible- it's as lyrical as anything Miles Davis ever did, a virtuoso display of emotional resonance and controlled chaos. The rest of the players aren't so shabby themselves: The rhythm section of bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Elvin Jones lend the proceedings a surging, driving intensity, while pianist McCoy Tyner radiates angelic slabs of pure melody.    Just listen to the band moving through those four sections! \\"Acknowledgement\\" wastes no time in setting the tone for the rest of the suite. It's a mini-masterpiece in and of itself, boiling over with passion and intensity. There's pain in Coltrane's playing, but there's also hope and power- he shoots forth whirlwinds of pure, goreous sound, filling the room with pure electricified magic. \\"Resolution\\" builds on the template set by \\"Acknowledgement,\\" which sees the band improvising on a rugged, bluesy theme. This section has an almost film-noir feel to it, thanks to the heavy tension in Coltrane's playing. Next up is the harrowing \\"Pursuance,\\" which features a volcanic drum solo from Jones. The heavenly, meditative \\"Psalm\\" is an ideal conlusion to the record.    Simply put, this is one of the greatest albums (jazz or otherwise) ever recorded. No collection is complete without it.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|Set in a gritty north England industrial town this excellent four-hour BBC mini-series adaptation of Elizabeth Gaskell's 1854 novel is nonetheless an outstanding period romance.<br /><br />Margaret Hale, the protagonist, is forced to move with her parents from an idyllic country parsonage of Helstone to the gritty industrial town of Milton after her father leaves the ministry. There Margaret meets one of the leading men of the city, the mill owner Mr. Thornton.  This first meeting shows the hot tempered side of Thornton and sets up a Pride and Prejudice style misunderstanding.  It is good to remember that this is not a miniseries about the Victorian era; it is a largely faithful adaptation of a Victorian novel.  Elizabeth Gaskell was Victorian and she was writing about Victorians.  These people were more reserved, at least in public, than we are today.<br /><br />Recommendation: North and South is indeed a first-rate Victorian romance in the spirit of [[ASIN:B00005MP58 Pride and Prejudice - The Special Edition (A&E, 1996)]].  I heartily recommend this and [[ASIN:B000GIXLUC Wives and Daughters]] based on her last novel. Five Stars for both!<br /><br />Kyle Pratt
B000005JA8|3.0|I give this album three stars, but that's only to indulge Amazon (they don't let you review a product unless you give it a rating). Specifially, I chose to give it three stars because after about a year and a half of listening to this thing, I've yet to develop anything resembling a consistent opinion on it. My feelings towards Trout Mask Replica change with the wind; some days, it's a work of surreal, poetic genius the likes of which the world has never seen. On other days, it's a pretentious, repetative headache of a reord, an unfortunate product of the ultra-freaked-out late 60s. On still other days, it's just another experimental album, a smattering of weird noise that's usually interesting and eventually boring. The album has held every rating from one to five, so it seems fair to give it the average- three stars.    Now, before I get into a proper review (if such a thing is even possible) of this disc, I should probably discuss my credentials: I liked Ornette Coleman's Free Jazz album the first time I heard it. I like the early Velvet Underground (and the later period, too), Coletrane's \\"spiritual\\" phase (and all his other phases), and the 20th century composition of Steve Reich and Terry Riley. I like to listen to my favorite songs backwards, just for the fun of it. I once simultaneously played the Velvet Underground's \\"Sister Ray\\" and Iron Butterfly's \\"In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida\\" at excruciatingly high volumes, in order to unwind. I like Lou Reed's Metal Machine Music. My point is, I'm no stranger experimental sounds, and I'm not adversed to pure noise. I am not, in any sense of the word, squemish.    And in reality, Trout Mask Replica doesn't offend me- it does, on occasion, alienate me. I often find myself getting bored. Rarely do I make it past track 11 (\\"China Pig\\"), and I can't think of too many occasions on which I've actually listend to the whole thing in one sitting. The music, so utterly fascinating at first, gets exhausting after a while. Sure, it sounds great if you're paying attention, focusing your noggin on the infinate nuances of the album's cubist musical sentiments, nerve-twisting lyrics, and the bluesy sirens' scream of Beefheart's voice, but rarely do I have the energy to follow Trout Mask Replica all the way down this singularly wigged-out rabbit's hole. Which is a shame, because close, repeated listenings do reveal some truly good stuff: There's the scorched-earth call for brotherhood \\"Dachau Blues,\\" an inverted peace-and-love anthem by the name of \\"Frownland,\\" the raw delta(-esque) blues of \\"China Pig,\\" and the blood-boiling a capalla gospel of \\"Well.\\" And you don't even have to listen all that hard to appreciate the electrified apocalypse of \\"Moonlight On Vermont\\" or the shattered-mirror country-funk-metal of \\"Veteran's Day Poppy.\\" But it's not an easy album to listen to. Even the record's greatest moments can be downright offensive if listened to in the wrong mood or atmosphere (I've played this album while driving, going to bed, and studying, and didn't exactly get awesome results).     But enough of my rambling. You probably want to know if this is worth your hard-earned cash. That really varies from person to person (as a rule, it's a pretty love-it-or-hate-it affair), but I will say this: I'm glad that I bought it. When I'm sick and tired of the music in my regular rotation, this album usually manages to hit the spot. Plus, this is a great album to pull out when you're in a bad mood (the afformentioned \\"Moonlight On Vermont\\" is particularly cathartic). So, if you want to go on a very, very new musical journey, pick this puppy up. And as always, happy listening!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Planet Earth is a EXCELLENCE documentation about our mother earth.  I want to make this review short and sweet so you don't have to waste any more of your time reading it instead of buying this series.    If you're a human and living on this planet earth, you will greatly enjoy this series.  Period.    The Blu-Ray outputed at 1080p is super!  Extremely clear and beautiful.  There are only 4 DVD's in this series.  As other people complaining about this for lacking of the fifth DVD (summary of the making).  My take is that if you enjoy the top-notch video image quality on 1080p, buy this series with 4 DVD.  You won't lose much for not having the fifth one.    Now, go and buy it.
1400063515|5.0|I found the Black Swan to be a very clever book. The author clearly lays out what he intends to accomplish by writing the book, and then does so.<br />Curious? I hope you pick it up and have a fine mental meal.
B000FIUPA2|5.0|This is a cd on and a dvd-audio disc. Depends on which side you play it on. This is not a limited edition, but a product who where a try release.
B00000K3D4|5.0|Fun for the family.  Funny, great stuff and keeps you on your sofa for the next scene.
1594489505|5.0|Although I don't understand a lot of the history behind the Taliban and the war, this book offered some explanation and information to what is going on in the country.  With or without the historical data, this book is excellent.  Excellent, excellent, excellent.  A tribute to women's strength and courage.
B00000251N|5.0|We had an old record of this - scratches. Love the music. Sounds great. Glad we purchased
1570428654|5.0|2 coworkers recommended this book to me. and i just passed it to another coworker after finishing it. This man is hysterical. I read this book every day on the train and laughed out loud. I've never laughed from reading before. People looked at me funny lol. I loved it and getting more books by him. He talks about everything from growing up with his crazy family, to having funny pet stories, to school experiences, riding the subway, and of course a turd story.
B000Q3648S|5.0|When daydream nation came out it was a revolution...sort of. Indeed, SonicYouth had been on the radar of anyone interested in alternative music for a few years. Indeed, while all their early records had moments of greatness, sonically it did not allways gel. The sound was allways murky and the songs somewhat sloppily structured. Here, they manage to come over completely focused in a way that remains refreshing. While some of their previous work has strangely improved over time (quite rare) this remains their definitive recors. It is the one that has the most traditional song structures while till being recognizable as classic Sonic Youth. While more melodic than previously the dissonant guitar sounds are still present. All this makes Daydream Nation such a special work. Overall it has not aged. Also to some degree it is the one record that does also not completely sound as any other SY record since it has a more traditional approach at the same time. Indeed one personal criticism against SY is that , especially recently, all thier records sound the same in some way: this is not the case here. Here you get the original record as well as a second CD with live recordings. While these deluxe editins are sometimes a bore, this is an exceptional package. Apparently there is also a beautiful vinyl version of it available.
B000N3AWDE|5.0|Those who are just used to listening to Celine in English and are doubtful about listening to songs they may not understand, fear not!  This is a great CD and it is very soothing and exhilarating.  It's wonderful to hear Celine's beautiful voice in her native tongue.  It has passion and beauty.  It's simply great.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|This is a great CD.  I saw the movie and like many others ordered the CD.  Marketa Irglova has an incredible voice.  I highly recommend this CD.
0375836675|5.0|Ed Kennedy is a nineteen-year-old cab driver who is kind of a nobody! He hasn't achieved anything great, isn't a genius, his mom despises him, and his dad died of alcoholism. The only real thing that he has is his dog, named the Doorman, who everyone says desperately needs a bath. And, he's in love with Audrey, a girl from a bad neighborhood, just like him, who also happens to be one of his best friends since forever. The thing is, Audrey doesn't know that Ed is in love with her, and worse yet, she says she doesn't believe in love.<br /><br />One day, Ed and his friend stop at a local bank, but a robbery begins while they are in line. And Ed stops the guy.<br /><br />So then he becomes a local hero. He is just trying to live a normal life, and then he gets a playing card in the mail with three addresses and times on it. Ed doesn't know what to do. Should he just throw the card away, like his friends instruct, or should he go to the first address to see what this is all about?<br /><br />This book would be a good recommendation for fans of [[ASIN:1400079179 The Da Vinci Code]] and the movie [[ASIN:B00005JN5E National Treasure (Widescreen Edition)]].<br /><br />Ed is such a cool character! He seems like such a normal guy, who does things that normal guys do, and lives a very ordinary life. Until he gets the card in the mail, and he's not so ordinary anymore.<br /><br />Reviewed by:  Taylor Rector
0812580346|5.0|Heard about this book on a Lost forum and was interested so I looked it up and ordered it.  I finished the book in only a couple of days.  Once I started reading I didn't want to stop.  I also let my brother borrow the book when I was done and he read it within a couple days as well.  Highly recommended.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|The more I listen to the cd, the better it gets.  Her voice holds up and the songs are interesting and catchy.  A winner!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This documentary covers the beauty of nature such as flowers blooming in the grasslands.  They must have left the cameras running at the same place for days to get that footage.  Of course the eye popping footage of animals is the main attraction, although this documentary covers how animal life is tied to the terrain.  I've seen most discovery channel documentaries about Africa but this still added more information.  It was also amazing that the crew was able to capture lions hunting a full grown elephant.  It took the large pride's 30 or so members to bring it down.  I thought that prides will usually break up once their numbers be come large, but this one is the largest I've heard of.  It also details the effect of global warming on the ecosystem.  Polar bears are already having a hard time since there isn't enough ice for them to hunt seals.
0753820250|5.0|I found this book by accident and ended up staying up all of last night to read it. It was one of the better books that I have read recently and I thought the characters were fascinating. Certainly, it does get a bit complicated at certain points and I found myself going back to remind myself of earlier events and characters. But it was wonderful and I was truly sad when I finished it. Just a really good read.
B00007LTIC|4.0|I've tried to buy this CD twice now and both copies were defective.  I see I'm not the only one who's had this problem.  Time to think about a recall, Rhino.  I'd love to hear this CD someday.  Oh, well.  You've been warned!
B000B8QF00|5.0|The perfection of Alanis, need I say more. She does her own thing her own way and speaks to my heart and my head. This collection gave me all the bits and pieces I was searching for plus many of the 'best of.'
074356619X|5.0|I love this CD-collection. I live my life according to the law of attractions. Great listening material. It is a life changing experinces. Create your life the way you wanted to be. I listen while driving, working on my computer and before going to sleep with my I-Pod.
B000OQF6N6|3.0|Musically, Zeitgeist is pretty good, a return to form (Gish, Siamese Dream, Mellon Collie).    The problem is with the weak singing.  I'm not one of those who ever had a problem with Corgan's voice.  I don't mind the nasality/whininess, in fact on those earlier albums I loved the great variety and expressiveness of his voice -- from quiet singing to screaming, occasionally sneering, pleading, sometimes flat and emotionless, defiant, hopeful...    But on this album for the most part his voice just sounds very weak.  Like he's tired, struggling just to get the breath to sing.  ???  This might be intentional, I don't know.  But to me it comes across -- rightly or wrongly -- as not having conviction, with the music or the lyrics.  The weak singing makes it sound like he doesn't really fully believe what he's singing, and to me that really detracts from many of the songs.  I just listened to Mellon Collie again the other day (still one of my faves of all time, and I've got 300+ albums), and I totally believe that he believes every word he says on that amazing album.    Even given all that, Zeitgest is still a decent album, but it loses a full star for the singing.  Chamberlin still whales away strongly and effectively, often brilliantly, I'd like it if his drums were a little stronger in the mix even (but maybe they had to be pushed back a bit for fear of completely overwhelming Corgan's voice).  Corgan still rocks on the guitars.  Maybe it's time to bring in another singer?  Somehow I don't see Corgan going for that!
6304765789|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite movies. A rich man is given a gift that changes his life. There are many twists and turns here, but it's one of those movies you can watch again and again. Sure, there are somethings that couldn't happen in real life, but it's a movie! If you haven't seen this, just do yourself a favor and watch it.
0316018953|3.0|I am a great fan of Michael Connolly and have read all of his books.  I loved Echo Park and thought that it was his best ever.  I couldn't wait to read the Overlook.  In fact, I didn't follow my usual pattern and wait until it came out in paperback, but rather, bought the hardcover.  I should have waited.    First, Connelly's skill as a wordsmith is just as evident in this book as it has been in past books.  His writing, as it always is, is a joy to read.    One of Connelly's strengths is that he has reinvented Harry Bosch several times to keep his story line fresh.  He's done it again in this book, perhaps a bit too soon.  However, in spite of the reincarnation of Harry, the story line suffers.  I think the problem is that it started out as a serial and he then tried to expand it into a full length novel.  It still reads too much like a serial.  It's a good beach read but it isn't the page turner that Echo Park was.  Unlike most of Connelly's books, this one doesn't end with a twist.  Rather, by the time you are 200 pages into it, you've guessed the ending.  Unfortunately, it also ends 25 pages later.  This is another problem - it's much too short.    My advice to Connelly.  Put Harry back in the cold case unit.  You haven't exhausted that story line yet.  Besides, Harry doesn't quite fit in the elite detectives unit.  It's not his style.  It's also time to drop Rachel Walling and give him a new love interest.  Also, the Harry vs. the FBI angle is getting a bit old.
B00000K3D4|2.0|I got this movie as a gift, as it was recommended from the other movies on my wish list.  I was SO disappointed.  The plot is lacking in any suspence, the songs have no \\"umph\\", and the acting was lack-luster.  I was expecting something of the quality of \\"The Neverending Story\\" or \\"Flight of the Navigator\\", but it seemed merely a movie to showcase Bowie and the muppets.  Others seemed to have really liked it, so rent it before buying.
6305364648|5.0|All of James Cameron's films have a sense of seriousness to them, even with a little humor now and then. From the wonder of the Abyss to the technology-run-rampant theme of the Terminator films, it's interesting watching True Lies and you keep wondering whether this is the same guy. But rather than a less-than-stellar flirting with an action und comedy (gotta love Simpsons references), True Lies is actually a really fun film to watch and although it may not have the cultural staying power of Terminator 2 or Titanic, it's still quite a good ride.    Harry Tasker is a boring IT salesman; well that's what he wants people to think as he really is a government spy helping to bring down terrorists and their organizations. But like a lot of spies, he doesn't bring his work home, leaving his wife Helen and daughter Dana unaware of his \\"real\\" job. But when a terrorist group planning to bring a nuclear weapon onto US soil, Helen inadvertenly gets involved and Harry has to come clean to his family...oh and save the country too.    Cameron is one of the few directors who knows how to shoot action sequences and have them be exciting and make sense, unlike someone like say, Michael Bay, who uses quick editing to mask his ineptitudes as a directors. Some scenes with highlights involving a rescue mission on a bridge, a chase scene with a horse and another scene involving a Harrier jet are fun but we also care for the characters involved in the scenes and they're not just action figures doing crazy stuff.    It's funny to say this is probably one of Arnold's better performances who manages to use his action hero persona as well as comedic workings yet both work together unlike say Junior where it was just...bad. Then of course we have Jamie Lee Curtis and Tom Arnold who manage to be funny without that sort of annoying \\"comic relief\\" character. The one weak link, and really it's not an acting thing, is Bill Paxton. Playing a swarmy car salesmen who lies to bed women, he plays it as he should be but it's probably the most unnecessary role. It strengthens Harry's devotion for Helen and he also realizes how safe her life has been but Paxton's character doesn't really do anything better writing could've done without him.    Either he's busy getting Avatar off the ground or he just doesn't want to but it's sad this film doesn't have a special edition. Granted it's not as popular as Terminator 2 or massively well-known as Titanic but you'd think we'd have had something by now. As of now, this is incredibly bare bones and it would've been great to have some insight look and even a commentary but who knows when that'll be.    Interestingly, 2 of my favorite directors (one being Cameron, the other being David Fincher) lead similar careers. For every great movie they make, they have one that somehow slipped through the cracks. In that sense, True Lies is like Fincher's the Game: they're both good movies that for some reason people just kind of forgot about except for diehard fans. I wouldn't call myself a \\"diehard\\" fan but True Lies is just a fun movie in the end so that's good enough.
0786838655|5.0|my kids 8 - 5 loved this book.  It's a fast paced book that kept my oldest reading day and night.  There are many greek god references which offered my kids the chance to do some extra research about that topic as well.    If your kids enjoy reading this books is a great place to start.
B000A7Q2DM|4.0|Well first of all try to understand my bad english (I'm italian). This album is a better project that the first 30 seconds to mars ones, lyrics and music are very well connected and structured, every song is really enjoyable. Over all the voice of jared leto is better than in the other album, less experimental and more warm and rich, with various emotional blending. The kill is one the best songs of the album with really intense concept. Listen all the album, it's a really good job.
B00005NKKY|4.0|This is the first Simon and Garfunkel album I've ever bought, although I've heard them alot on the oldies stations.  I must say, this album is a very good introduction to S&G.<br /><br />The album is somewhat of a concept album, at least for the first half.  Growing older, feeling lost, questioning life are all themes explored by Paul Simon during the first half of the album.  The classic \\"America\\" as well as \\"Old Friends\\" are highlights.  The montage \\"Voices of Old People\\" is surprisingly poignant, as is the song \\"Overs.\\"  The first side of the album is soft spoken, thoughtful, introspective.<br /><br />As the album progresses to the second half, it loses it's \\"concept\\" a bit, though it doesn't lose the great songwriting.  \\"Fakin' It\\" and their smash hit \\"Mrs. Robinson\\" are here, as well as many more toe-tapping fun songs.  \\"Punky's Dilemma\\" always makes me smile, and \\"At the Zoo\\" is another catchy tune.  The album is short but sweet and leaves me wanting more.<br /><br />While the songs are very good, one big thing detracts from the album as a whole for me, and that is that the album seems to begin as a concept album but then doesn't stick with it.  Perhaps I made up the idea that this album was intended in any way as a concept album, but the first few tracks definitely seem thematically linked, especially \\"Voices of Old People,\\" \\"Overs,\\" \\"Old Friends,\\" and \\"Bookends.\\"  However, most of the rest of the album doesn't seem to have anything to do with the first half, its more like a collection of random songs.  This might not bother most people, but I like albums to be internally coherent and not just a collection of random songs.  Especially if the album starts off as though it's going to be internally coherent.  But, it's a small complaint.  And I'm not even sure if Paul Simon intended for it to be a concept album.  But it sure looks like it starts off as one.<br /><br />Overall the albums good points outweigh its bad points.  I would highly recommend this album to anyone and everyone.
B000HEWEJO|5.0|In Frank Capra's film imagination and ideal sentimental outlook of post WW2 America, Bedford Falls is the small town American dream. Looking back as a child this world was the \\"real\\" America or at least the way we all thought and felt it should be.<br /><br />I remember seeing this film at the young age of six or seven, in my pyjamas sprawled in front of the black and white TV set with my two younger sisters, though it was in the middle of July, before it became a \\"Christmas Tradition\\", the entire family sat attentive, watching George Bailey (Jimmy Stewart) grow and become something of the true \\"good\\" man: sensitive, loving, caring and loyal.<br /><br />Mary Hatch Bailey (Donna Reed) is simply stunning and so innocent, beautiful and loved George with all her heart.<br /><br />George and Mary's wedding night is so Irish, small town, simple and lovely to watch as they come to terms with that broken-down \\"house\\" which had become a symbol of their respective dreams. Even as a small child, the old guy outside their window on their wedding night, singing lyrics of love felt to me to be true. We loved these two people because they were really in love and at bottom, we all want that love.<br /><br />Love becomes reality when the children arrive and making a living, a family, is important.<br /><br />George Bailey had always dreams of travelling the world. Even to the end, he kept old \\"tourist\\" pamphlets and books of far away places but something, people and basic life obligations always somehow prevented that dream.<br /><br />The villain of the film is Mr. Potter, (Lionel Barrymore) a Dickensian-like character, a true Capitalist without heart, pushed hard to turn Bedford Falls into a \\"Las Vegas\\", though it was little George Bailey, caring and deeply aware of the \\"worker\\" the \\"little man\\" who staved the ugly and evil Mr. Potter off from attaining his selfish goals.<br /><br />How this turn in the plot occurs, however, is pure fantasy, because as George Bailey stresses, having lost money ( by the stupidity of Uncle Billy) owed to the tyrant, is about to do a willing free-fall into the river, Clarence, an apprentice angel, prevents George from his self-destructive action, and talks Bailey into trying life again. The way the angel does this is true wisdom combined with loving magic.<br /><br />How would life be if you had never been born?<br /><br />Clarence the bumbling angel takes George through Bedford as though he never existed. George discovers that his life did have an affect on the town and the many lives he would have come in contact with. In a few words, without George, Bedford did indeed become a \\"Las Vegas\\" and his friends, particularly Mary, were lost.<br /><br />George comes back to reality and the entire community give back to George who has done so much for them, (the money Uncle Billy had lost) on Christmas Eve.<br /><br />A little bell rings which signifies an angel has moved up and finally attained their \\"wings\\". As an angel, Clarence, has turned a good man from self destruction, and now can move upward...and fly.<br /><br />This Frank Capra film written by Philip Van Doren Stern (story) and Francis Goodrich, et al., has somehow taught us that giving is one of the truest virtues of them all.<br /><br />A splendid film.to the tyrant, is about to do a willing free-fall into the river, Clarence, an apprentice angel, prevents George from his self-destructive action, and talks Bailey into trying life again. The way the angel does this is true wisdom combined with loving magic.     How would life be if you had never been born?     Clarence the bumbling angel takes George through Bedford as though he never existed. George discovers that his life did have an affect on the town and the many lives he would have come in contact with. In a few words, without George, Bedford did indeed become a \\"Las Vegas\\" and his friends, particularly Mary, were lost.     George comes back to reality and the entire community give back to George who has done so much for them, (the money Uncle Billy had lost) on Christmas Eve.     A little bell rings which signifies an angel has moved up and finally attained their \\"wings\\". As an angel, Clarence, has turned a good man from self destruction, and now can move upward...and fly.    This Frank Capra film written by Philip Van Doren Stern (story) and Francis Goodrich, et al., has somehow taught us that giving is one of the truest virtues of them all.    A splendid film.
B00005JP5P|2.0|I just saw Danny Boyle's SUNSHINE in the theaters and I'm offering a review ** with spoilers ** before the DVD is available as a warning.<br /><br />Believe me, you've seen this film before in all the scifi films that take place in space or in the ocean depths since Kubrick's 2001. Only, it was better and fresher in those other films.<br /><br />Chaotic direction (by Danny Boyle) and set design owes alot to ALIEN, but Ridley Scott had a worthwhile story.<br /><br />This script by Alex Garland must be a leading contender for 'Ludicruous Story of the Year': the cooling sun needs a boost, so something called a \\"stellar bomb\\" is sent to sun. Rather than use robotics, a small human crew accompanies the payload -- just so that nothing goes right. Incredibly, in a pivotal scene, one person alone attempts to maneuver the spaceship. From then on, decibel levels surge as everything goes to hell. Then towards the end, an old new-twist.<br /><br />Lovely Rose Byrne is kinda lost in these small actiony roles -- like in 28 WEEKS LATER. However, Michelle Yeoh's personality manages to rise above the din.<br /><br />Many foreign actors with good American accents here. Even in the accented roles, Malaysian-born Yeoh and Japanese-born Hiroyuki Sanada have very slight accents to my ears. However, if these actors wanted to demonstrate they're skills with dialects, they might have picked a movie that the viewing public would want to see.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I don't have a TV, but after hearing about this series over and over from people I had to check it out.  Everybody kept talking about how amazing some of the shots were and how much of what BBC captured was just fascinating.  Well, as a kid who grew up watching the Discovery channel and ended up snagging a B.S., this sounded like a definite purchase.  I haven't been disappointed.  The only odd thing about it is if you watch several of them in a row - every episode there are one or two things that are spoken of as the Biggest, the Largest, the Farthest, the Longest, the Deepest, etc.  I don't doubt that each of these are true, but when you start hearing that five times in two hours you start thinking, \\"Wait a minute.  Didn't he just say the lowest spot on the earth was somewhere else?  Oh, no.  That was the deepest spot on earth.\\"
6304696566|2.0|I wonder where this movie would stand in list of the best Westerns ever made -- if the voters were American Indians. I'm American Indian and I'm puzzled by the high regard that film is held in.<br /><br />Is it because Wayne's character undergoes some sort of transformation? From racist to what? He forgives his white niece for being forced to sleep with an Indian -- after slaughtering a bunch of them thar sperm producers. There's no sign of a conversion. No epiphany. There's no logic to it. It just happens. Just like the positive feelings towards this movie.<br /><br />With those ugly and demeaning scenes with the young man's Indian bride presented as comedy, I long for the days when Indians were just cardboard villians, trotted out to fill a role in a \\"good guys, bad guys\\" scenario. Those don't bother me half as much.<br /><br />I may watch the scene where Ken Curtis sings a few bars of \\"Skip to My Lou\\". I may respect the fine visuals. While I have almost always been bothered by Wayne's awkward way with a line of dialog, that hasn't put me off from his other movies. This one, tho, offends me.
0967175429|5.0|I own one of Vianna's previous books, Go up and Work with God, and I've got to say this one is more than \\"expanded\\" as the title suggests. This is a whole new book, organized with way more flow and chalked full of 'extra' information and detail.  I personally use the technique taught in this book and learned it directly from the book. I took no course, just read the book and followed the instructions, it's that easy! I can feel tremendous energy and am having fantastic results!  Out of all the energy medicine books I've read this is the best. It's a hands on technique, little theory with a whole lot of practical.  Highly recommended for the beginner, novice and expert practitioner.
0060589469|5.0|I love it that I can find used books at a great price, fair shipping price, plus they show up in a timely manner in wonderful shape! Thanks!
B00008DYQA|5.0|I loved this movie from the start. The way a young woman feels at that age is portrayed brilliantly by Maggie. The sexual tension that builds throughout the movie is a turn on. This movie relives my fairytales at finding true love and lust as a young woman. Absolutley my favorite movie
B000NVIXDW|5.0|I love this CD.  Michael Buble' has such a smooth voice.  I can't get enough.  It's easy listening, good for dancing, romantic. and I cannot say enough about the music.
0316067598|5.0|We as Americans are indebted to Marcus Luttrell and his ilk.  We all know that.  Read this book and you'll understand why.  It is a great story and it's well told.  Do yourself a favor - read this book.
B00003CX9E|5.0|I got this DVD for my mother's 80th birthday and she was thrilled.  The DVD was exactly as advertised and was promptly shipped.  I will continue with Amazon.
B000N6U0E2|5.0|Will and Jaden Smith do a lovely job here, with the former playing against type and the latter making a nice debut in a very natural, unprecocious way.  I could have done without some of the more obvious, in-your-face stuff about pursuing happiness and the haves versus have-nots, but these are minor quibbles.  You really feel for Chris Gardner as he tries to make enough money to keep his son in day care, feed himself, and still train as an investment intern.<br />  Wow...you know you've really hit rock bottom if you and your kid have to sleep on t.p. on the floor of a bathroom in a subway station.  So sad.  I would have cried too.
0385733577|5.0|\\"The Elders had known the twins were coming, \\"the two that is one, the one that is all.\\" One to save the world, one to destroy it. But which one is which?\\"<br /><br />Sophie and Josh  Newman are average 15 year old fraternal twins. They enjoy music and  talking on the phone to their widespread friends, they get into movies and random books, they hold down summer jobs in California while their archaeologist parents spend their summer on a dig elsewhere. Sophie has a job at a coffee shop while Josh has a job across the street at a book store working under a couple named Nick and Perry Fleming. But one day a customer darkens the doorway and Nick and Perry are revealed to be more than they seem.<br /><br />John Dee, the stranger, destroys the store by exercising something that Josh can only explain as being magic. He sends forth a few golem mudmen to do the dirty work for him, stealing two things that Nick finds most precious; a rare and ancient book of magic called the Codex (penned millennium before by Abraham the Mage) and Perry. Before he gets away though Josh manages to steal two pages from the book which prove to be the \\"final summoning\\" spell that Dee was longing for. After the drama Nick reveals to the siblings that he is actually Nicholas Flamel, born in Paris in 1330 and his wife, Perenelle, are immortal thanks to the Codex. Nicholas was, and is, a noted Alchemyst. Without the Codex Nicholas lost his ability to brew the potion of immortality and will die. But the book speaks of something else, a pair of twins destined to save the world, or destroy it.<br /><br />Testing the twins abilities through their auras Nicholas decides that they are, indeed, the children of the prophecy. He enlists the help of the Elders, including a 2,000 year old Scottish warrior woman (who resembles a teenager) named Scathach, the Ancient Greek Goddess Hekate, and Scathach's grandmother, the Witch of Endor (from the Hebrew bible) to awaken their powers. The problem is that Dee has enlisted the help of a few nasty characters himself, including  the Irish Crow Goddess Morrigan, an army of the dead, golems, a sphinx, and (of course) Egyptian Cat Goddess Bastat.  With all of their respective minions in tow. Naturally.<br /><br />To defeat the enemy and get back the Codex Sophie and Josh must cope with challenges the likes of which they have never seen. But how will two ordinary teenagers deal with things that have up until now been viewed as impossible mythology?<br /><br />\\"She stopped in the middle of the street, and her tone abruptly changed. She looked at her brother and the tears she had no idea were there started to leak from her eyes.<br /><br />\\"It's just too much, Josh.  It's just too much. I feel sick and my head is pounding, my eyes hurt, my ears ache, my throat is raw. \\"<br /><br />Josh awkwardly tried to put his arms around his  sister to hug her, but she pushed him away. \\"Please don't touch me. I can't bear it.\\"<br /><br />Josh struggled to find words to respond. But there was nothing he could say or do. He felt so helpless. Sophie was always so strong, always in control; she was the person he went to when he was in trouble. She always had the answer.<br /><br />Until now.\\"<br /><br />I read this book entirely too fast. I will have to read it again, slower, and much less grasping than before. The trouble is that the story is so gripping and rich that you have a hard time not reading it at breakneck pace. I am so excited that there is a new series out there that exhilarates me. The idea that there will be five more books in the future, plus at least one film of the first book, excites me to my core. This is one of those series that will now be known as \\"the new Harry Potter\\"... and with good reason. I can't wait for the next book.a few nasty characters himself, including  the Irish Crow Goddess Morrigan, an army of the dead, golems, a sphinx, and (of course) Egyptian Cat Goddess Bastat.  With all of their respective minions in tow. Naturally.    To defeat the enemy and get back the Codex Sophie and Josh must cope with challenges the likes of which they have never seen. But how will two ordinary teenagers deal with things that have up until now been viewed as impossible mythology?        \\"She stopped in the middle of the street, and her tone abruptly changed. She looked at her brother and the tears she had no idea were there started to leak from her eyes.     \\"It's just too much, Josh.  It's just too much. I feel sick and my head is pounding, my eyes hurt, my ears ache, my throat is raw. \\"    Josh awkwardly tried to put his arms around his  sister to hug her, but she pushed him away. \\"Please don't touch me. I can't bear it.\\"    Josh struggled to find words to respond. But there was nothing he could say or do. He felt so helpless. Sophie was always so strong, always in control; she was the person he went to when he was in trouble. She always had the answer.     Until now.\\"        I read this book entirely too fast. I will have to read it again, slower, and much less grasping than before. The trouble is that the story is so gripping and rich that you have a hard time not reading it at breakneck pace. I am so excited that there is a new series out there that exhilarates me. The idea that there will be five more books in the future, plus at least one film of the first book, excites me to my core. This is one of those series that will now be known as \\"the new Harry Potter\\"... and with good reason. I can't wait for the next book.
B000H6SXLU|5.0|The movie is boring but that is not the reason to watch the film. Astaire and Rogers are about the dancing and wonderful music they introduced. All of Fred & Ginger's dances are \\"must see\\" but the enthusiasm and chemistry in \\"Hard to Handle\\" is a highlight in film- the joy of youth is on display here. Ginger has stated the fun they had in making this movie and the laughs are real in \\"Hard to Handle\\". Fred has said \\"Smoke Gets In Your Eyes\\" was a favorite of his. Watch Fred play the piano and solo dance in \\"I Won't Dance\\"- maybe his best as a musician. How about Fred's rapport with his \\"Band\\". All fantastic moments. The chemistry of Fred & Ginger was never better- not yet superstars and it shows- they were a \\"team\\". IMO all the RKO movies represent Fred's vision as choreographer as opposed to him \\"performing\\" in the MGM movies. The RKO team of Mark Sanders, Pan Berman,Hermes Pan, Astaire & Rogers, Berlin & Gershwin & Porter all peaked   at the same time- creating their own version of a musical with unique precision. Fred & Ginger were \\"super stars\\" soon after and although more polished,the early energy is gone by \\"Shall We Dance\\". All of their music and dancing has it own special place- the two had different complimentary talents and were incapable of anything less when paired. Ginger & Judy Garland & Bing Crosby brought out the best in Fred. Rita & Cyd were great but not quite the confidence. Watch all the Astaire-Rogers, Easter Parade with Judy, Holiday Inn with Bing, and Bandwagon with Cyd Charisse. And get his TV specials \\"An Evening With Fred Astaire\\".
B000063V8T|5.0|A wonderful series and not to be disappointed.  Purchased every season through 7 and are thrilled to be able to watch these again at our pace--on our schedule.
B00001OH82|5.0|This is an unfairly maligned album.  I've always really liked it.  I think it's one of David's best albums, certainly one of the best from the 1980's.  It's raw, angry, powerful, and passionate.  It feels real.  It's not fake, and it's not Bowie trying to act like an angry young man.  He's an angry middle aged man here, and he really kicks it.  Reeve Gabriels and the Sales Brothers (sons of Soupy Sales) are a great backing band for Bowie.  He's written some of his best material here.  The title track, Crack City, and Under the God are all bonafide classics.  The energy of the band is really cool.  I really like Bowie's cover of Working Class Hero here.  I think it's as good (if not better) than Lennon's original.  I recently listened to the godawful Lennon tribute CD Save Dafur, and Green Day (who I've never really liked anyway) butchered the song.  Bowie makes the song his own and respects the original too.  I get annoyed at people putting down this album, which is as good as anything Bowie has put out.  So it isn't like his 70's work.  It's still valid, and it rocks.
B000005IU2|5.0|I know this for a fact because Jack White and Anthony Bourdain both said so......who's going to argue with them????
B000GG4KTU|5.0|You can't go wrong if you purchase this cd.  Diana Krall at her best!!!
0446679089|2.0|Longer than it needed to be. The reason for the murders was explained over and over by the main character. ( We get it, already! ) Cardboard characters I cared little about, with an obnoxious main character. Very llittle to recommend.
0586091718|5.0|This book is AWESOME!!!    Actually, it was recommended to me by a physicist friend and I'm not even finished but I love this book so much that I wanted to comment.  As a person grounded in everyday business-world reality and someone who has a graduate degree in a practical thing like Management from MIT I find this book incredibly enlightening and intriguing.   It may become my new bible.  For those of you like me who think that science falls short in explaining so many things in this world from deja vu to coincidences to many aspects of the paranormal this book is for you.  Talbot does a phenomenal job in connecting science with the spiritual realm using so many examples and references they of course can't be shared here.  Even if you may doubt some of his bibliography as some of the reviewers here do - I still do believe that so many other examples will stand up to scrutiny.  (I haven't had time to research the validity of Talbot's bibliography - but it is impressive and extensive nonetheless).    Just one of his ideas - that dreams are connections with the greater consciousness - the \\"infinite subway\\" is fascinating and the examples he provides in this section are enough to keep me wondering for years.    Anyhow - do yourself a favor - buy this book and spend an evening reading it.   You'll be so glad you did.
0765315246|4.0|John Perry enlists in the army on his 75th birthday.  You see in the future, the elderly are the best source for enlistee's to fight interstellar battles.  The interstellar army wins because it gets fresh bodies, and the enlistee wins because he gets a whole new body.  Mysterious high technology allows the army to translate the consciousness of people into genetically and biologically enhanced \\"super soldiers.\\"  However, only one third of the enlistees can expect to make it through their 10 year term.    John Scalzi has created something unique here.  There are many fresh ideas on technology and genetics.  Where he falters is in the overall character development apart from John Perry himself, who is a likeable and relatively well defined individual.  The descriptions of the aliens are also extremely imaginitive, which I think is necessary to setting a book apart in the military science fiction genre in which to many stories are a repeat of the man vs martian story we have been hearing for 50 years.  One drawback is that the actual conflict itself in the story is somewhat forgetable even if the aliens themselves are not.      The setting is a little dubious as Future stellar politics has the earth seemingly a tucked away crib for an infantlike mankind, while the interstellar military fights world ending battles outside of Earths comfortable womb.    Apart from the unconvincing setting and shallow characterization, Old man's war is provocative and interesting.  John Perry is a compelling character, and the perspective on technology, physics and future warfare is interesting enough to make this among the genre's better installments.  For what it is and what it is trying to be, Old Man's War is entertaining.
0312954468|4.0|I'm not really a big fan of audiobooks because I get distracted too easily to pay attention to the reading. I listened to River God while I was at work and it is the only book I've ever finished through audiobook format. This is first the book I've ever \\"read\\" by Wilbur Smith and I'm looking forward to reading all his other books.<br /><br />Although the story is historically inaccurate as everyone has already mentioned, his writing style and descriptions are absolutely amazing!  I could not stop listening to the audio book even though they're not really my thing.  I had to listen to it at work, in the car, at home and get very into the story.  Smith's descriptions are very vivid and I felt immersed in the story.  It's a wonderful, exciting, creative adventure with a good balance between romance and violence. I feel fascinated by this book because there aren't very many stories based on Ancient Egypt.<br /><br />The main character is an Egyptian eunuch who is in love with the pharaoh's daughter who is in love with the eunuch's student. Somewhere in the third chapter he starts talking about how the pharaoh \\"likes\\" boys. It also describes a scene where the main character gets his bits cut off in great, graphic depth. These are only some of the many interesting parts of the book.<br /><br />The only thing I have a problem with is how the main character seems to be some kind of a genius, always coming up with brilliant ideas to solve every single problem.  It a little hard to believe that one person would be able to come up with so many inventive solutions.  However, this little annoyance can be easy to overlook.  This book is completely worth the price and time spent reading.
0061186422|5.0|Oh, please, give the G-man a break.  This collection isn't meant for hardcore fans; it's for elementary school and junior high kids who have never read any of his stuff before.  (Let's face it; many of the stories in \\"Fragile Things\\" and \\"Smoke And Mirrors\\" aren't exactly kid friendly.)<br /><br />And I think it's a great idea. Now that \\"Coraline\\" and \\"Stardust\\" movies are coming out, there will be a lot of parents (and aunts and uncles, and grandparents...) who will be glad to give their kids an introduction to stories like \\"Sunbird\\", \\"Chivalry\\" and \\"The Case of The Four And Twenty Blackbirds\\", without worrying about the munchkins stumbling on anything too adult or upsetting.  For the grown-ups, there's \\"Interworld\\" and \\"The Eternals\\" already out, so let the curtain climbers enjoy this curtain raiser.
B000OY8NII|4.0|Eureka--Season 1 is an excellent addition to any TV on DVD collection. The show is witty, sexy, and an attribute to the science fiction genre.
B000E6EGXM|5.0|Whoever \\"OperaOnlineUs\\" may be, she/he is a total idiot and completely have no taste of 20th Century music!---which by itself is not a terrible defect of a human being, but, why came here and wrote something to show your ignorance?
1861975643|4.0|There are many books the shelves for the seasoned executive wanting to enhance his or her skills, but very few for the new executive crop.   Mark McCormack gives straightforward, no nonsense advise on the subtly of business that is not taught in ANY business school. The reader gets invaluable insights into the world of \\"the street smart executive\\" and how to immediately improve their people skills. While some of McCormack's \\"notes\\" may seem obvious to an experienced executive, the lessons are great examples of how interpersonal dealings can either make or break a business relationship. I highly recommend this book to anyone that wants to save the pain of trial by fire as they make their way through the corporate world. This is a must read for anyone wanting to be a \\"street smart executive\\".
B000P2A24W|5.0|I love bon jovi and this cd even though it was a little more country .. i am not much of a country fan, still the cd is great and good songs
B00000IL67|4.0|there is a lot of not so good stuff on here; however, I'm not going to pan this thing because of that. This is supposed to be a career-spanning box set and I don't think some of you get that. A lot of you have been panning it because it doesn't have that much of the early stuff but to be honest, it has a sufficient amount of that stuff. I mean, look at it realistically, his glory years was from the mid-late 70's and if you think of how long he's been around, that's a small percentage. So I don't think they short changed you on the Alice Cooper band days.<br /><br />Now, with that said there is a lot of stuff on here I'm not big on. A lot of the covers that's on here are just either awful or don't make sense as far as Alice performing them. And then there's just the songs off some of his infamous cds that are terrible. I don't think I even need to go in depth here. You know what I'm talking about. Everyone knows there was a period of time where Alice had some major alcohol issues which resulted in less than inspired music from the king of shock. However, the final disc is a bit of a true return, not as much as his material after this box but it is good. It's after this disc with Brutal Planet, Dragonworld and the incredible Dirty Diamonds that Alice was able to make good albums again.<br /><br />This set outside of the music is just plain cool. Awesome design and a great booklet that has various quotes from other artists, some of whom are quite surprising as far as being fans of Alice like Elton John for instance. Bottom line, if you're an Alice Cooper fan, get this but I probably wouldn't recommend it to new comers. For new comers I would suggest the best of alice cooper: Mascara and Monsters because that cd really is the best of Alice Cooper if you really want to know what Alice is all about.
B000002JB3|3.0|When Phil Collins left GENESIS in early 1996, the music world was shocked at his decision to (just) pursue his continuing solo career, while his former band-mates recruited, Ray Wilson, on vocals the following year. GENESIS would record \\"Calling All Stations,\\" while Mr. Collins worked on his sixth solo album entitled \\"Dance Into the Light.\\"    I have to say that while it's not his (best release), it's still got a few tracks on it that have become some of my favourite songs by the man.  \\"The Same Moon\\" - \\"It's in Your Eyes\\" - \\"That's What You Said\\"  \\"Just Another Story\\" - \\"Oughta Know By Now\\" - \\"Love Police\\" and  \\"Dance into the Light\\" are great tracks, while the rest are basically  filler at best. Like his previous release, \\"Both Sides\\" , this CD  has never been fully appreciated by music critics, as well as fans  of the albums that Phil Collins put out in the 1980's with GENESIS  and on his own.    It wouldn't be long until Phil would make a return to the charts with  the hit \\"You'll Be in My Heart\\" from the Tarzan Movie Soundtrack.  This singles was actually his first hit in five years, since the  single \\"Everyday\\" from \\"Both Sides\\" had moderate success in the winter  of 1993/1994. In the ten years since \\"Dance Into the Light\\" was first  released, Phil has re-joined his fellow band-mates in GENESIS for a world-wide reunion tour, and has released one more solo disc in \\"Testify,\\" which has a few good tracks on it as well.     If you're looking for the pop-oriented sounds of \\"Face Value\\" and \\"No Jacket ...\\" you may not like this CD that much, but if you enjoyed  \\"Both Sides\\" and \\"Testify,\\" then you're sure to like at least half of  what this CD has to offer.
B000K15VSA|5.0|Most idiots who fell for a masterful marketing ploy are clueless. BLADE RUNNER, original/International Cut is my preference. So many who diss the narration and 'happy ending' are just tools. BLADE RUNNER was made pretty much the way Ridley Scott wanted it. If you hadn't seen the newer versions, no one would have known the difference;  Warner Bros played you as fools...and made a killing. Just the way they planned it. Also most who diss the narration, have had the benefit of viewing it, first, and KNOW the story line. So like sheep , they can now dispense with that version; Again, probably 90% of the situation is a marketing ploy, and many fell for it hook, line and sinker; Show the DC to a stranger to the film and they will lose out on a deeper understanding of what is going on. Like George Lucas, who tried to modernize Star Wars and worse THX 1138, who claims the newest is the best. The new versions of BR are simply a way to get you to buy the Blu Ray all over again. Ive read everything there is to read on the subject, and I read articles, back in 1982, where Scott was asked if the &#34;narration&#34; was forced on him. He denied it quite fervently. He is revising his statements, going along with the marketing campaign. I also am wondering if the Blu Ray is really significantly better than the 2007 DVD. With an OPPO 103 player, I'm wonder about the urge to buy even a few things all over again. A-B ing the combo DVD/BR editions of OBLIVION, PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK, etc-I can see little or no difference-comparing them. The 1080 upscaling of the DVD...makes it seem redundant to buy my DVDs all over again. Maybe if you have a HUGE screen it may make a difference-I have a 40&#34;; Again people are too easily led into the NEW! BETTER! MORE! dumb consumer philosophy. The only disc i will buy over again are discs are favorites transferred before 2005, or SEs that are restored in 4k. I have the new (2015) 1959 restored, 4k version of JOURNEY TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH, and it is stunning. End of discussion
B0000VCZKM|5.0|My five year old daughter loves this movie. Or should I say LOVES this movie. Before we owned it she asked to rent it from the video store constantly. Now we can watch it whenever she wants!
1554072840|4.0|this isn't my daughter's favorite potty book.  She prefers reading \\"Everyone Poops\\" actually.  There are alot of words to read to her in this book.  She can't quite make it through everything I'm trying to read before turning the page.  But, she's only 15 mos. old so I'm sure she'll enjoy it more as she gets older.  Having been raised on Prudence myself (and so were my sibling & cousins), I love the story.  I love that it shows the poop in the potty.  My husband's a physician, both of my parents are physicians, and I'm going to be one eventually.  We don't believe in using polite words instead of the real ones and definitely don't feel embarrassed at pictures of poop in places where it belongs.  This book does not push any lines for me; actually, I can't stand the potty books that beat around the bush and don't even show that there is supposed to be poop & pee in the potty when you're done.  At least this book tells it like it is even if it uses one too many words.
B0000041WV|2.0|Dvorak's symphonies are known for their depth of orchestration.  These renditions lack any brilliance or exuberance.  They are stodgy and dull.  I expected better of the London Sympnony Orchestra.
B000OYC3J8|5.0|Thumpin' rock. Thumpin' bluesPunkRock. Entwines and overlaps genres and that bass drum never disappoints. Even includes the bagpipe (Prickly Thorn). Reminiscent of old Stones and The Black Crowes (You Don't Know What Love is). Political (title track). Well worth the price. Will *not* sing you to sleep.
B000BISBDY|5.0|This one's got it all practically. Great stuff. Cash's \\"Man in Black\\" anthem. Funny ditty-type songs like \\"One Piece at a Time,\\" \\"Boy Named Sue,\\" and \\"Jackson.\\" My two favorites are \\"Highwayman\\" and \\"The Wanderer.\\"  These two tracks are appropriately located right next one another on the disc. \\"The Wanderer\\" (done with U2) is a meditation on the one body/one soul search for rest/love/G-d. \\"Highwayman,\\" done with Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings, and Kris Kristofferson, is about one soul in many bodies (an Old West robber, a sailor, a dam-builder, and an astronaut) i.e. reincarnation and the eternity of the soul. So soon after Cash's passing I wonder what his next incarnation might be.  Speaking of Kristofferson, he penned \\"Sunday Morning Coming Down\\" (and Cash sings it like no one else). That song alone is reason enough to buy this disc.
B000002A3T|5.0|Enough of these reviews with \\"Roger Waters\\" this and  \\"Roger Waters\\" that. Enough with the, \\"well it just isn't the same Pink Floyd, it isn't as good as it used to be in the (insert Floyd era here).\\" Enough of the hate because it's not exactly the same band.    When David Gilmour came to Pink Floyd he added that final element that the band needed to kickstart themselves into super stardom and it shows in The Division Bell. The album starts with two mediocre songs in \\"Cluster One\\" and \\"What Do You Want from Me,\\" with cluster still being a decent song to sit back and relax to. Next comes \\"Poles Apart\\" which is the first really good song on the album. It is mellow for the most part but has a nice tune and a good vocal preformance from David. Following this is a 2nd instrumental in \\"Marooned\\" which might kind of remind you of the early guitar in \\"Shine On You Crazy Diamond Parts I-IV.\\" Not as good as Shine but still a good listen. \\"A Great Day for Freedom\\" is next which grows on you as does the next song \\"Wearing the Inside Out\\" which isn't your normal Floyd but its something different. After these two songs we really get into the heart of the album as the final 5 songs are just amazing. \\"Take It Back\\" is a fun upbeat song that really starts to show that the band still has it together and can produce solid songs. After this comes \\"Coming Back to Life\\" which is one of the gems of this album. The musical composition is great and the lyrics compliment the song well. Following this is \\"Keep Talking\\" which is a really weird song that makes you wonder what Gilmour was on when he wrote it. However, once you get past this you are onto what I believe are two of the best Pink Floyd songs to date. \\"Lost for Words\\" is just insane. The music is again amazing with Gilmour's guitar really shining here. And the lyrics. WOW. They are some of my favorite lyrics ever. I consider it to be one of Floyd's best songs. And to think there is still one more song; and quite a song it is. \\"High Hopes,\\" the final song on the album brings back memories of the old Floyd. A very different yet powerful tune again with some amazing lyrics and music. Another song I'd consider to be one of Floyd's best. It really ends things well.    In all I'd rate this as my 2nd Favorite Pink Floyd album just because of the collection of great songs. If you are truely a fan of Pink Floyd you'd do yourself a favor by getting over your pride for Waters and pick up this album because it holds a lot of good stuff. 5/5
B000PFUA9G|5.0|Brad Paisley is a class act. You just can't go wrong if you get any of his albums.
B0000DJZA5|3.0|First,kudos to Paul McCartney for enter HIS entry in the \\"Let It Be\\"/\\"Get Back\\" album \\"contest\\".Granted,it's Spector-less,sonic wise it's as clean as it can be and the new order is okay.True,it IS the better album,BUT...it's been over thirty years.A clean version of \\"IMM\\" and \\"TLAWR\\" came out on \\"Anthology 3\\" in 1996 and a clean version of \\"ATU\\" came out earlier that year on \\"Anthology 2\\".<br />What I'm trying to say is despite the fact that \\"LIBN\\" is the better sounding album,people are used to the original...and I don't think most people are willing to part with it.<br /><br />P.S.\\" How 'bout \\"Let It Be\\" the movie.When is THAT coming out?
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|Obviously a master lyricist as well as singer as the words in these songs written by Kelly are exceptional.  Listen to it all the time - especially like the bonus track at the end - recommend A+++
B00009V7T2|5.0|Seriously, you need this album.  I've tried several other Mars Volta albums and none come close to me... the orchestration, spacy-intergalactic noise madness, heavenly guitar, unmistakable vocals, and \\"I don't know what you mean but I kind of do and it's really way cool\\" lyrics... it all makes for an unbelievable synergy.  There's a good mix of upbeat, almost thrashing moments intermixed with some mellow interludes and one entirely acoustic song.<br /><br />Listen to it, buy it...
0140544518|5.0|I bought this for my grandchildren, a boy who is eight and a girl who is seven.  They like books so I was curious about their reaction.  They both liked the story and the pictures.  Their mother was particularly impressed.  The humor is appropriate for children and for adults so I would recommend this for any age.  It will make you smile.
B0000DBJDM|5.0|This is the mecca for Floyd fans as far as I'm concerned.  The whole idea is insane... recording in an empty ancient stadium in Pompeii?  Freakin' wicked!<br /><br />There is some killer footage of recording Dark Side of the Moon, foootage of everyday Floyd (the scene at the diner is quite memorable), and of course comedic cynicism whenever feasible.  This is not to say there are not large sections of time where no one's talking... there's phenomenal shots of volcanoes and ruins and the whole notion of Pompeii.<br /><br />Bottom line, if you're a real Floyd fan you already have it.  Don't be a pretender...
B000P0J02E|5.0|Almost as fabulous as Johnny Depp:) Best of the 3 soundtracks but then again I felt this was the best 3 movies as well. The score is inventive and the first track still gives me chills.
B000JJRIP2|5.0|it is nice to have all that greatest live albums in a box. now i just waiting for ALIVE DVD BOX.
B000E1YVZU|5.0|This film is terrifically made and represent the original rock opera very well. It's a great way to see the show for someone who can't make it to New York.
1582701709|5.0|I can't even remember how many copies of this book I have purchased. All my sons,my daughter-in-law and my friends have received a copy from me. This is the book-guide I have waited for for years. I read it often.
1401308201|5.0|I recommend purchasing this book after the seeing the play. It's the perfect way to remember the award-winning musical. Buying it off amazon is a much better bargain then buying it on location!
0743496728|4.0|I really enjoyed this latest book but was a bit disappointed with the ending. And as usual Jodi Picoult has done her research and seems to have walked in all of her charector's shoes.
0767903862|3.0|I purchased Sunburned after reading a couple of others by Bryson.  While Sunburned is a relaxing read, I was ultimately disappointed.  One glaring omission is the lack of witty character development so prominent in other Bryson books.  Further, Sunburned is long - 300 pages of what seemed like 8 point type - and painfully slow at times.  All in all, it seemed like Bryson was uncharacteristically straining to come up with things to write about.  If you are new to Bill Bryson, I suggest going with A Walk in the Woods instead.
B000000OAN|5.0|I'm not a Queen fan because Mercury's style sometimes rubs me the wrong way.  Sometimes his vocal range quickly rears off in a completely different direction while singing what appears to be a straight-forward vocal melody, and it's hard for me to adjust to that style.  However, I really like A Night at the Opera.  Everybody knows \\"Bohemian Rhapsody\\".  It's been played over and over a million times on classic rock radio.  It's been played so many times for a very good reason- it's a great song.  Any complaints I might have with Freddy disappear whenever this song comes on.  A lot of people mention the rocking section as being their particular favorite moment.  I agree!    I really like \\"39\\".  Very demanding beat to a very pleasant vocal melody.  That's what the song is all about.  \\"You're My Best Friend\\" is another highlight.  An innocent, yet highly memorable little tune.  \\"I'm In Love With My Car\\" always reminded me of Roger Daltrey from the Who.  I kept wondering \\"Why can't I find this lost Who song on a search engine?\\"  It's because the song is by Queen!  \\"Death on Two Legs\\" is another memorable track that many people probably don't even realize they do in fact know the song, and know it well.      Overall, there's no problems with this album.  It's a really solid album.
B000OPOANE|5.0|By far one of the best albums ever by Rush....    Love the extras on this MVI    Buy it... You won't regret it....
B00005JPAO|5.0|HELEN MIRREN is, of course, the focal point in THE QUEEN, but MICHAEL SHEEN as Tony Blair certainly more than matches her in the role of Britain's youngest prime minister. The two of them give towering performances that will remain indelibly impressed on your mind after viewing the film. Mirren is all crisp elegance and Sheen is a charmer who knows how to use his powers of persuasion. Both of them are ideally cast in roles they seem to inhabit with consummate ease.<br /><br />The screenplay deals with the unpleasant private events unfolding at the palace while the public mourning was obviously so great that it had to be acknowledged. The Queen preferred keeping tight-lipped and dignified, obviously not a woman who was pleased with Diana's conduct. Nor was her husband Prince Philip (JAMES CROMWELL) or Prince Charles (ALEX JENNINGS) who at least reminded his mother that Diana loved her children dearly.<br /><br />Handsomely photographed with newsreel footage of the crowds that began swelling shortly after Diana's demise in that tragic accident, it's dialog is convincing throughout, concise and to the point without any frills whatsoever. The only weakness in the casting would seem to be SYLVIA SYMS as the Queen Mother who somehow doesn't look the role.<br /><br />The original background score by Alexandre Desplat is worthy of note, always appropriate and sometimes majestic. The scene with The Queen seeing the stag on the hillside while waiting for her car to be repaired is a standout, beautifully played.<br /><br />Summing up: A rare treat, and a slice of history well worth remembering with the shift from the old monarchy to the modernized ideas of a young Prime Minister emphasized in the script.
B00005JPQT|4.0|Once again BRUCE WILLIS, in the guise of John McClane, saves the world from professional hackers out to disrupt the U.S. government and shut down the financial structure completely--an act of revenge by a former insider (TIMOTHY OLYPHANT) whose warnings went unheeded by those in charge. Willis back and tougher than ever.<br /><br />And the action is practically non-stop, with one big stunt sequence after another. Midway through the film I was wondering how they would top the last big explosion, but the screenwriter never ran out of even more dangerous stunts to come. This has got to be one of the most physically demanding roles Willis (and his stuntman) ever played.<br /><br />Amid all the tension there's a nice sense of humor going on between Willis and his young Hacker friend (JUSTIN LONG), with the banter never missing a clever exchange of lines as they join forces to fight the villain out to destroy America. At the end, of course, there's plenty of guts and glory for both of them who manage to survive all the attempts to destroy them at terrific odds.<br /><br />While preposterous, the screenplay does make you think twice about what might happen if our dependence on computers went totally haywire. It's this aspect of the story that gives it that much needed adrenalin rush for today's movie fans.<br /><br />Summing up: The franchise is alive and kicking with some astonishing action stunts and some really better than average work from Willis and his sidekick Long. A welcome summer blockbuster.
B000PFUA9G|5.0|This is a fantastic CD.  My favorite is still Brad's \\"Mud on the Tires\\" but this is a close second.  Brad Paisley has a great voice, great songs, and amazing guitar solos.
0393317552|5.0|Wow.  Jared Diamond is a genius.  Well thought out, eye-opening explanation of western civilization's \\"superiority.\\"    Only potential criticism is that the book becomes a bit repetitive, especially towards the end.
B000MRAAJM|3.0|I should have read other reviews before getting this one. They also mention the poor quality, grainy pictures, etc.  I wanted to see this awesome effort in the best quality possible but was totally disappointed.  Several scenes are just garbage with artifacts, noise, etc.  What's worse is the \\"good\\" scenes are outstanding then you are switched to a \\"grainy\\" scene and the difference is immediate, like from 1080p to 480i stretched in the blink of an eye. Apparently not all of this was shot in high def and it shows (badly). I'd say rent it and don't use it to show off your system.
B000CNE092|5.0|Some of the most beautiful animation and backgrounds in recent history are a central ingredient of \\"Anastasia\\", a charming full-length feature based on the famous title character and set against the period of the Russian revolution. Expert vocal work by Angela Lansbury (Dowager Empress), Meg Ryan (Anastasia), John Kusack (Dimitri) and many others, make the characters seem more dimensional than in most animated features. Particularly Dimitri and Anastasia, whose love-hate relationship seems startlingly real given the superb animation.<br /><br />The score is studded with some Oscar-nominated music and the sinister moments have the kind of villain you love to hate (Rasputin). Some of the scenes might be too intense for small children--as well as a realistic railway scene on a runaway car--but all in all, should delight young and old. Angela Lansbury's voice is especially effective as the Empress. The art of animation doesn't get any better than this! This Don Bluth/Gary Goldman production is as good as anything Disney might have attempted.
B000F8O2PG|5.0|For the fan, it's great to watch the entire series in order! Helps a bunch on keeping the space soap opera going in the right direction ya know.
B0000VD04M|5.0|Absolutely brilliant film on the bizarre and quirky cross-dressing filmmaker Ed Wood, played with boyish enthusiasm by JOHNNY DEPP in one of his most offbeat roles. He's the anchor who grounds the film in all its believable foolishness.<br /><br />Equally skillful are all the surrounding performances, including MARTIN LANDAU (who deservedly won a Supporting Role Oscar), BILL MURRAY, who does amazing things with an underwritten role as a man eager to change his gender, JEFFREY JONES as Criswell, the Magician, and VINCENT D'ONOFRIO as Orson Welles.<br /><br />But it's the caring relationship between Depp and Landau that defines the comic genius of the film and gives it heart. Both are extremely moving and adept at showing the respect and regard they had for each other when their world seemed to be falling apart. The story doesn't flinch in showing Lugosi's fall from grace with his addiction to morphine and other drugs that eventually took his life.<br /><br />A near perfect recreation of the '50s Hollywood scene with its low budget studio settings, wisely photographed in the B&W manner of most of the Lugosi thrillers. Entertaining and genuinely funny, moving and absorbing all the way through.<br /><br />Summing up: One of Tim Burton's best directing jobs. Highest recommendation.
B000053V7O|4.0|Jazz enthusiasts will want to watch this flick over and over again. Dexter Gordon, in the lead role, is amazing.
1594489505|5.0|This book was chosen for my book club.  I was nervous to begin the story because I was the only one in the group who hadn't read Khaled Hosseini's first novel, The Kite Runner.  My background knowledge of Afghanistan is weak and I didn't want to struggle through it.    As soon as I began the book it became apparent that it wouldn't be a struggle to read.  As I read the first couple of chapters I noticed a theme; waiting.  The characters were waiting and so was I.  I continued to wait for something positive to happen to them.  About half way through, I stopped waiting and accepted that this wasn't a fairy tale.  This was a way of life.  The heartbreaking and weakly rewarding story of these two women will inspire many emotions in the reader.  I found myself enthralled in these womens' lives.  I too was waiting, hoping and finally, dreading their outcome.  The authors' writing style grips the reader to the point that you feel that you know the characters.  At times you love them, hate them and want the world to change for them.      This book was an eye-opening, learning experience for me.  I feel very grateful for the country that I live in, the home that I share with my husband and our regard for the way in which we are able to raise our children.
0691126887|4.0|Great to have all the non-passerine birds (non-songbirds) together in one booklet, for the most bird-rich continent in the world. Especially handy for those countries that still don't have good field guides, but also handy for comparing species across country boundaries.   The paintings are very nice, and the birds have their natural pose, something we are missing in the latest field guides. The distribution maps are bit small, but still adequate.  For any lover of Southamerican birds, the quality of the paintings alone is worth the purchase of this book, with 1300 species.
0312360266|5.0|This mom & daughter team is a winning combination! P.C. and Kristin Cast had me spellbound from the first chapter.  I've read lots of vampire fiction, lots of Young Adult fiction, lots of supernatural fiction...NOTHING compares to \\"Marked.\\"<br />The characters are 3 dimentional and the story is totally new.  A finishing school for vampires! Who would have thought?!?<br />The heroine is strong, and yet \\"human.\\"  The secondary characters are unique and don't fit the stereotypical mold.<br />I am completely in love. The only problem I have is that the next book isn't released yet!<br />Read this book-- you won't be sorry.
630529142X|5.0|This is an oddball comedy that is very unique and funny.  Kathy Bates is hilarious as his mother and it was good to see Henry Winkler doing a comedy again too.  Overall a hilarious comedy, but I was a bit irritated that they gratuitously stuck an f-bomb in one scene.  Im no prude, but it was out of place, didn't make the scene or movie any better and I believe was only done to make sure the movie got a more mature rating thereby causing more teens to want to see it when released in theatres.  I see a lot of that movies though unfortunately.  Without that one scene its actually not a bad movie to watch with your kids as long as they are teens or near teens.
B000J10EQU|2.0|The storyline goes that Superman has been missing in action for over five years. You assume he had been around before that for quite some time. Yet the actor playing Superman doesn't look any older than Tom Whatshisname from \\"Smallville\\". Both actors don't have much charisma.  The actress playing Lois Lane is totally wrong. She too looks barely out of her teens and she doesn't evoke the appearance, demeanor, or sound of the character of Lois Lane.  Both actors seemed to have been picked from lowest-common-denominator box-office considerations.  The basic plot idea had merits but it was only meekly developed in the film. The film makers showed absolutely no guts, let alone imagination in this abomination of a movie.
B0000024JN|5.0|listen to licensed to ill and...party! there are lots of party classics on this album.(you've gotta)fight for your right (to party),brass monkey,no sleep 'til brooklyn,girls,hlod it now hit it,she's crafty,and time to get ill still sound good and funny today. so check out this album,party,and laugh. ed wilson
1594489505|5.0|The book has received rave reviews which it truly deserves.  The writing is clear and clean, the characters are believeable, and the setting becomes alive.  I loved the Kite Runner and was afraid this wouldn't measure up -- it does and then some.      If you love fiction set in a realistic world, this is it; however, be forewarned that world is a troubled and troubling world.
B000NVIXFK|5.0|Another Must-Have album for all Rush lovers & appreciated rock music alike. Just as good wine, these guys are geting better with the time. Looking forward for their live concert in Europe!  Naftali.
0743289684|5.0|If you are concerned about what is going on in Iraq and want to know why the radical Muslims are out to destroy us, this book will give you some insignts. Ayaan Hirsi Ali was a very devoted and strict Muslim until she began asking questions of her Islamic teachers that went unanswered. She asked if Allah is good, why does HE permit men to beat their wives? She paints a vivid picture of why Islam can not be viewed as a peaceful religion.
B0007Y89ZM|5.0|Yes this is a must have, incredible audio and exellent video coverage,a great concert dvd. I watch this on my computer in it`s DTS format piped through a Klipsch promedia 5.1 surround system, and the acoustics and vocals are amazing, nothing is missed. I think truly some of the best of the best of the Eagles to be seen and heard!
8489367116|5.0|Read, better yet, experience this book--more than once I was moved to tears.  I was filled with gratitude at the author's sharing of his soul with me.
0316067598|5.0|I have never promoted a book to other people as much as I have the \\"Lone Survivor\\".  It is inspirational and any time that I am feeling down or feel sorry for myself, I think of the sacrifices that these men went through.  It also gave me a different insight about the comflict.  The American public need to hear more of what is really going on and about the men and womern who protect us.    Thank you Marcus!
0385512058|5.0|I found this book as I was perusing the aisles of my local bookstore and have recommended this book to all of my friends who are interested in becoming better or sharpen their \\"networking\\" (I prefer the word \\"connecting\\") abilities. As a recent college graduate who is just starting out my career, I feel that his book is extremely helpful by providing a solid outline of specific tools and tips for those just starting out and even for those well-seasoned careerists.    In addition, I enjoyed how he wrote the book in a way where both extroverts and introverts could benefit from reading the book. I liked how he used personal examples in his book (which uses his tip of having a certain level vulnerability when communicating with others) which really opens him up to his readers.    Finally, I would highly recommend people to either attend one of his seminars (if possible) or simply watch the short clips of Keith Ferrazzi readily available on YouTube.
B000RW3YYA|5.0|This was a Excellent season as always, very good jobs on all parts i thought they really brought out a lot of the characters like they said , even Joe Flanigan's character John Sheppard , but only problem i have is with the  cover art for the box set , it just looks so ugly i can't believe they are using it wow, anyway they are suppose to be a production company better then regular people and this what they give us it looks horrible  they first one was just fine
B0000VCZKW|1.0|About half way through the movie, the movie stops and stalls..you can not watch it any further. I am very disappointed in it.  I would not order any movies from this site.  Sue Y.
B000Q6GUTI|4.0|I understand. Because I love dogs too.<br /><br />Shooter was exactly what I expected, an exciting, action packed story about an expert marksman who is framed for a political assassination. Along the way to proving his innocence, Gunnery Sergeant Bob Lee Swaggert has to enlist the help of an FBI agent, the ex-wife of his former spotter, and a crooked US Senator.<br /><br />I didn't expect much from this film, and I wasn't disappointed. I'm also pleased to say that I was pleasantly surprised by how engaging and entertaining this movie was. I'm all for vengeance in the name of man's best friend. Really. They shouldn't have killed his dog.
B0002EQ7E2|5.0|Several years ago I purchased Graceland as a Cassette Tape and have since lost it. It was after Simon's induction in the Gershwin hall of fame program on TV that I realized how great the music of Graceland was. We have \\"Surprise\\" and, although I love the lyrics, the melodies don't stay with me as much as Graceland. I then purchased the CD of Graceland. When I want to be in a good mood, I play it.
0385338902|5.0|Doug Parker is a widower. A beautiful, slim, sad man who is obsessed with mourning his wife and being consumed with grief. A year after his wife's death in a plane crash, Doug finds himself unwilling to move on. His job as a magazine writer affords him the sort of solitary lifestyle wherein he doesn't need to even leave his house to go to work. He can sit at home, drown his sorrows in Jack Daniels, avoid phone calls from his friends and family, and mourn. Because what else is a 29-year-old widower supposed to do?<br /><br />Enter Doug's twin sister, Claire. Claire, notorious for her potty mouth and unwillingness to take no for an answer, is determined that Doug get himself back on the market, the first step of which is to get him laid. Temporarily moving in with him, Claire sets out to find Doug a companion among the rich, suburban divorcees in his neighborhood. Along with Claire comes Doug's stepson, Russ. Since his mother's death, Russ has been getting into more and more trouble at school, smoking pot, and getting tattoos. Though Doug has semi-washed his hands of the situation (he isn't really Russ's stepfather anymore, is he?), he can't help but feel partially responsible as he watches the boy falling apart. Together, these three learn to navigate the twists and turns of grief, familial obligation, and moving on.<br /><br />When the book starts out Doug is one of the saddest, most broken characters I've ever read, but his wit, self-deprecating charm, and fierce love for his wife make him the sort of man who you just want to put back together again. My heart broke for the shattered remnants of his happiness and, over the course of the novel as I watched him slowly rebuild what he'd lost, I only became more emotionally involved with the story. The supporting characters, most notably Russ and Claire, are also richly drawn and entertaining in a way that makes me appreciate my own dysfunctional family.<br /><br />Jonathan Tropper's newest novel isn't just a story about grief, though the undertone is there. It's not simply a story about loss, though to discredit its place in the story would be a lie. It's, in the truest sense of the term, a love story. One that broke my heart and threatens to do so again and again because, though I am not a person who rereads books, I already can't wait until enough time has passed that I can read this story again and get lost in the characters, the emotions, and the sense of utter fulfillment I felt when I finished it. This book isn't just good, it's spectacular. It's of a caliber that I would, and will, hand it out as gifts for birthdays and Christmas because it's the type of thing that you just have to pay forward. I don't give out five-star reviews like candy at Halloween, and I don't gush about books just for the sake of doing it, hopefully after reading this review you'll understand what an exceptional book this was and be tempted to try it for yourself.ertone is there. It's not simply a story about loss, though to discredit its place in the story would be a lie. It's, in the truest sense of the term, a love story. One that broke my heart and threatens to do so again and again because, though I am not a person who rereads books, I already can't wait until enough time has passed that I can read this story again and get lost in the characters, the emotions, and the sense of utter fulfillment I felt when I finished it. This book isn't just good, it's spectacular. It's of a caliber that I would, and will, hand it out as gifts for birthdays and Christmas because it's the type of thing that you just have to pay forward. I don't give out five-star reviews like candy at Halloween, and I don't gush about books just for the sake of doing it, hopefully after reading this review you'll understand what an exceptional book this was and be tempted to try it for yourself.
B00005Y6YB|1.0|Don't buy this DVD,the rat S.O.B's left out about two hours of the original.To save money,I'm sure.It would've cost them another disk.<br />One P.O'd fan.
B00004RFFS|5.0|It's no exaggeration.<br /><br />A careful observation of previous reviews will show that I labeled Bram Stoker's \\"Dracula\\" as the vampire masterpiece, and I stand by that, as far as books go; however, comparing \\"Interview\\" the movie with Coppola's \\"Bram Stoker's Dracula\\" (or other, infinitely worse, adaptations) is an entirely different goblet of blood. This is due, in part, to the fact the \\"Dracula\\" is just more suited to reading. But it's also true that Rice wrote one monster of a story that Neil Jordan absolutely nailed on film, and that Tom Cruise was incredible as Lestat.<br /><br />Interestingly, Rice initially objected to the casting of Cruise, preferring someone more like Rutger Hauer in his youth. She recanted after she saw the movie--and so did I, having harbored similar \\"Top Gun\\"-based misgivings. And so did the academy, nominating Cruise for a well-merited Oscar that he should have won. It's as though, in defiance of all common sense, a film was carried by its least-likely leading man.<br /><br />Others are terrific as well, including Brad Pitt, Kirsten Dunst, and Antonio Bandaras--but Lestat, as delivered by Cruise, does the difficult trick: that is, he becomes the sympathetic character, the one we relate to, when he has no conscience about killing whatever. We begin to feel contempt for Pitt's simpering vampire, thinking, \\"You're a vampire, for crying out loud! Go suck someone's neck and shut up!\\"<br /><br />And Neil Jordan was the perfect choice for director. Unlike others who came before him--several who did a decent job--Jordan never forgets that vampires are not simply COOL; they're scary as all get-out, and mystical, magical, and tragic. There's also a high degree of eroticism in the movie, but I've got to throw that back to Rice, the lord mistress of that genre ...<br /><br />Brilliant!<br /><br />(This review has been posted by Marcus Damanda, author of the vampire novel, \\"Teeth: A Horror Fantasy.\\")
B000PT6OY2|4.0|Bravo for Daniel Craig and Judi Dench! Hope to see many, many more Bond films with these two together.
0767817664|4.0|If you're into 80s horror movies--especially vampires ones, once you've had enough of Freddy and Jason--then FRIGHT NIGHT needs to go on your required viewing list. Like its younger brother, THE LOST BOYS, this movie is campy as often as scary (which is a minor critique, but a critique nonetheless), but it is also far more traditional.<br /><br />Rather than the contemporary pack-o-vampires motif so prevalent today (see \\"TEETH\\", by yours truly, if you don't mind another gratuitous plug), FRIGHT NIGHT comes back to the single domestic vampire with a servant or two, a motif established by Bram Stoker and, more recently, revisited by Stephen King. So, what you have, basically, is a classic tale in modern dressings, decent special effects, and pretty good acting all around. The standout in this movie is Roddy McDowell, who plays Peter Vincent, the vampire killer. Somewhere out there, Buffy's got to be giving this man his props (or at least laying roses and garlic on his grave).<br /><br />My only lament for this, and its 80s brother in vamping, is the \\"safeness\\" of the tone. There's so much comedy in both, you often forget to be really scared. Fun stuff, but easy to watch with the lights on or off.<br /><br />(This review has been posted by Marcus Damanda, author of the afore-mentioned vampire novel, \\"Teeth: A Horror Fantasy.\\")
B000NA28I4|1.0|While my hat is off to Paolini for writing 3 books at such a young age, Eragon did read like \\"Lord of the Rings Lite,\\" with a touch of \\"Star Wars\\" ... something other reviewers have commented on.<br /><br />The book was basic. This movie butchered it. They had a fairly strong cast ... and did nothing with it.<br /><br />I'd suggest skipping this one.
B000DWMN2S|4.0|I have not read the book that is the source of this movie and I probably won't.  However, I suspect that the ideas laid out in this movie are more richly developed there.  And I suspect that this movie is not for everyone.  It is purposefully strange because one of the points of the movie is to disturb the commonplaces of what makes up reality.  Much of the movie is in Russian (or is Ukrainian, I wouldn't know) with subtitles - because it takes place in the Ukraine.  And what English there is between Jonathan (Elijah Wood plays him with a very buttoned down surface with a deep and probably torrential inner being) and his America-crazed, English-mangling translator, Alex (marvelously performed by Eugene Hutz).<br /><br />While I don't want to give anything away, because unraveling the story is the point, but the large sweep of it one can get right away - by the ages of the grandparents and so forth.  Elijah Wood's character, Jonathan, is and always been a collector.  Not in the sense of someone who collects rare items of value, but because the items he collects are valuable ways of holding on to his reality - his life - and the people and events that slip away into memory and risk being forgotten.  This isn't discussed at length in the movie, and by the time he says a sentence about it, you will probably have figured this out.<br /><br />Based on a couple of artifacts he acquires, but denied an explanation for, he decides to begin a journey to discover their true source and meaning.  He engages a Ukrainian company called Heritage Tours that specializes in bringing rich Jews to their homeland or their parents' and grandparents' homeland.  The usually find out that everyone is dead or gone.  Still, it is a trip that must be done.  Jonathan engages this strange little, angry, and obliquely deranged family company.  And, being a road film, things have to start off badly between the parties involved.  Here we have a grandfather (Boris Leskin) who claims he is blind (but isn't).  He is the driver.  And his seeing eye dog (they use the female name for dog in the movie) is named Sammy Davis Jr. Jr. because it is named after grandfather's favorite singer, Sammy Davis Jr..<br /><br />Grandfather, the dog, and Alex as translator take Jonathan on a journey to find Trachimbrod.  A village (shtetl) that Jonathan thinks will illuminate the past and the context for the items he is trying to understand.  Of course, they have to have reversals and learning experiences along the way.  The payoff is quite worth the journey and the movie takes a couple of steps up at that point.<br /><br />I absolutely and utterly reject the choice made for the grandfather by the author, however.  Yes, I understand the reason for him making that choice, but it is far too immoral or amoral to be the payoff for the blessing he received.  Still, I can forgive the movie this, because the main points of the story remain true.  Our history does illuminate everything and ride beside us in our lives, whether we are aware of it or not.  And understanding it, embracing it, and accepting our true reality, no matter how horrible, does heal us and bring us understanding.<br /><br />Very good.e driver.  And his seeing eye dog (they use the female name for dog in the movie) is named Sammy Davis Jr. Jr. because it is named after grandfather's favorite singer, Sammy Davis Jr..    Grandfather, the dog, and Alex as translator take Jonathan on a journey to find Trachimbrod.  A village (shtetl) that Jonathan thinks will illuminate the past and the context for the items he is trying to understand.  Of course, they have to have reversals and learning experiences along the way.  The payoff is quite worth the journey and the movie takes a couple of steps up at that point.    I absolutely and utterly reject the choice made for the grandfather by the author, however.  Yes, I understand the reason for him making that choice, but it is far too immoral or amoral to be the payoff for the blessing he received.  Still, I can forgive the movie this, because the main points of the story remain true.  Our history does illuminate everything and ride beside us in our lives, whether we are aware of it or not.  And understanding it, embracing it, and accepting our true reality, no matter how horrible, does heal us and bring us understanding.     Very good.
0316067598|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this story and read the book in its entirety in 2 days. The action was constant, the emotions flow as you read about the family's initial reaction (back home in TX) when the liberal news media prematurely concluded that there were no survivor's of \\"Murphy's Ridge.\\"  Overall this book is highly recommended for modern war and special ops enthusiasts.
B000001GQR|5.0|The \\"Great C Major\\" Symphony of Franz Schubert was always too long and repetitious for my tastes, and too often monotonous. Furtwngler, in this fine-sounding mono recording from 1952, does as fine a job as any in wringing the last ounce of drama, joy, and excitement out of it. His judgement in shifting tempos and dynamics works particularly well in the lengthy First and Second Movements of this nearly hour-long work; the tunes still sound great, momentum isn't lost and monotony is never allowed to settle in. For the first time in my admittedly limited experience with it, I'm hearing this often unwieldy work performed with some interpretive panache! The orchestra sounds weighty and powerful, even in mono.     The coupling is one of my favorites, a stately and noble reading of Haydn's Symphony No. 88. I never tire of No. 88 -- 'nuff said.
B00005JPSL|3.0|The idea of having two characters come together despite their obvious personality conflicts is as old as the silver screen itself. However, with the help of a strong, intelligent script the familiar can be overlooked and the situation can seem fresh. \\"Something New\\" is a prime, recent example of this story done right. \\"No Reservations\\", on the other hand, misses the mark as it is familiar to a fault. The script exists sans edge or excitement, and we know exactly where it is going every step of the way. Catherine Zeta Jones plays Kate, the type of woman I work very hard to avoid in my daily life, she is driven, righteous, and anal retentive. To her, that mean, nasty disposition is just a byproduct of being one of the most respected chefs in all of Manhattan. She has no time for love or fun or life because, by golly, she needs to perfect her safran sauce and quail (gag me). But since she is stuck in a Hollywood movie her life must throw her a curveball, in this case it comes in the form of a car crash which kills her sister and saddles her with her 9 year old niece Zoe.<br /><br />So will Zoe soften Kate's outlook on life, showing her that there is more to it than careerism for the sake of careerism? Will Kate find some ideal studmuffin who will teach her the virtue of love? Let's just say that this film never met a risk worth taking. Said ideal studmuffin is played by Aaron Eckhart who steals the movie and provides enough charm to almost make the whole experience worthwhile. Catherine Zeta Jones, not nearly as young or pretty as her publicist has led her to believe, sleepwalks through the movie giving me further proof that \\"Chicago\\" will forever stand as her one good performance. I liked the scenes with Kate and Zoe because while they were lightweight they were also spiked with realism. Kate is so clueless that she serves Zoe fish for dinner, complete with eyeballs. I'm sure she saw this as perfectly acceptable because if it is good enough for her fans on Bleeker Street then it must be good enough for anybody. But for most of the film we are left to stare at dead air as pretty yet pretty uninteresting characters pat themselves on the back over what good cooks they are.<br /><br />After \\"Waitress\\" and \\"Ratatouille\\" earlier this summer this is the third film that caters to food snobs. Which is fine, they are trendy nowadays and all, but we can hardly call these movies realistic portraits of the restaurant business. Hairnets don't mesh well with movie stars so they just go without. I've also never worked in a restaurant where the whole staff gets together and eats a meal together before work as though they are some sort of family. Maybe it exists but it is not the norm. At least \\"Waiting...\\", crude as it was, kept it real. Meanwhile my hobby, film snobbery, is nothing more than a joke to film producers. In the past five years the only two movies to touch it have been \\"Cinemania\\" (great, great movie) and \\"Film Geek\\", both which showed my people in the most unflattering light imaginable. But that aside, this film is far too predictable for its own good. Providing fairy tales to the people is what movies do best, but here they couldn't even be bothered to mildly tweak an old one. **3/4it must be good enough for anybody. But for most of the film we are left to stare at dead air as pretty yet pretty uninteresting characters pat themselves on the back over what good cooks they are.     After \\"Waitress\\" and \\"Ratatouille\\" earlier this summer this is the third film that caters to food snobs. Which is fine, they are trendy nowadays and all, but we can hardly call these movies realistic portraits of the restaurant business. Hairnets don't mesh well with movie stars so they just go without. I've also never worked in a restaurant where the whole staff gets together and eats a meal together before work as though they are some sort of family. Maybe it exists but it is not the norm. At least \\"Waiting...\\", crude as it was, kept it real. Meanwhile my hobby, film snobbery, is nothing more than a joke to film producers. In the past five years the only two movies to touch it have been \\"Cinemania\\" (great, great movie) and \\"Film Geek\\", both which showed my people in the most unflattering light imaginable. But that aside, this film is far too predictable for its own good. Providing fairy tales to the people is what movies do best, but here they couldn't even be bothered to mildly tweak an old one. **3/4
B000000WA4|5.0|this is one of the most perfect compilations of songs, melody and lyrics that someone could create. is an item that everybody should have as a treasure
B000NHG7BG|5.0|It's a superb movie -- one of the best depicting the true picture and psyche of the mafia. Johnny Depp is oustanding and Al Pacino gives one of his best performances ever in this movie.
B000006NPY|5.0|imagine you entering a whole different world...thats waht happen when this record is playing! the most perfect and amazing thing ever written
0316018953|4.0|I always look forward to reading a Harry Bosch novel.<br /><br />This story takes place a few months after Echo Park. Bosch is in a new department, \\"LAPD Homicide Special Unit\\" and he has a new partner, Iggy Ferras.  Harry is at home awake late at night when the call comes in about the murder.  It was almost like he was sitting home waiting for it.  This will be his first case with the new division and he tackles it like he always has.  Focus on the murder, do anything you can to get the bad guy.  And like any other case Harry has been involved in, there is always something or someone to make getting the bad guy difficult.  In this case, it's the FBI.  Enter Rachel Walling.  A familiar character to Bosch fans.  They have a history, professional as well as romantic.  The FBI involvement takes the case off track and Harry does anything he can to bring it back on.<br /><br />It is classic Bosch when he walks that fine line between the straight and narrow and the Harry Bosch way of solving a case.  Harry likes to take control and do everything it takes to solve a murder.  Even if it means putting his job in jeopardy.  Ferras gets a taste of what it's like to be partnered with Harry, like every partner before him.<br /><br />This is the 13th Harry Bosch novel.  I think this is one of the best mystery series out there.  Connelly has developed Harry so well, I have a vivid picture in my mind of what Harry actually looks like.  If you haven't tried Bosch, this is one of the series where I think you need to start from the beginning.  The progression of Bosch can't be appreciated unless you have read the earlier works.  That may be the only negative of the Bosch series.
B000L45YEW|5.0|I commend Jackie Chan and am so glad that he's been so successful these many years. For him to do a movie like this, shows that he is flexible to any role that people give him. I also admire him for doing his own stunts, help write the script. Think about that, thats some tough stuff! Plus, you gotta love the bloopers that he includes at the end of his movies as well. This movie is so awesome that I was touched at how well it moved from situation to situation. There are fair shares of comedy, fighting, and sentimental parts. I believe that it is very well written and the actors are all very talented. Once again I am taken away with Jackie Chan's performance. I think he is very talented and man, he's 52 and still moves like a rabbit? WOW!
B000K7VHQE|5.0|\\"Little Miss Sunshine\\" is a spectacular movie about the hilarious but dysfunctional Hooper family. The parents, Richard and Sheryl (Greg Kinnear and Toni Collette), constantly bicker about Richard's futile efforts to become a self-help guru. Sheryl's teenage son Dwayne (Paul Dano) refuses to speak to anyone due to the teachings of Friedrich Nietzsche. Frank (Steve Carell) is Sheryl's brother who recently attempted suicide, and Grandpa (Alan Arkin) is basically a dirty old man. The whole crazy family comes together when it's time for seven-year-old Olive (Abigail Breslin) to compete in the Little Miss Sunshine pageant, and everyone piles into a clunky old VW van for the long weekend trip. Despite several bumps in the road, including the untimely death of one of their own, the Hoopers remain focused on their goal of getting Olive to the pageant on time. Unfortunately for Olive, she really isn't pageant material...in other words, she's normal. Things at the pageant don't exactly go as planned, but all of the Hoopers come out as \\"winners\\" in the end (except for poor Grandpa).<br /><br />I really enjoyed this fun, quirky little movie. The cast is excellent, but I was especially impressed with Arkin, whose foul-mouthed comments steal the show; Carell, who proves that he can handle a serious role; and the adorable Breslin, who is a delight to watch. I thought the ending of the film was a little abrupt (apparently there are a bunch of alternate endings included on the DVD, but I didn't see them). Other than that, though, this is a great movie about the family ties that bind: definitely worth watching.
B000J4QWMC|1.0|I remember watching Miami Vice, the television show, when it first came out.  It was groundbreaking stuff.  Beautifully shot, awesome music, excellent acting.  Unfortunately, Michael Mann, the creator of the Miami Vice television show, decided to remake the show for the big screen and the resulting movie is far inferior.    Unfortunately, even Collin Ferrell and Jamie Foxx cannot save this movie.  For some bizarre reason, the producers chose not to use any of the original music or to even re-do the original music.  The Miami Vice theme song was a top ten Billboard hit when the show first aired, and is still considered one of the best instrumental rock songs of all time.  Jan Hammer's haunting music was one of the great things about the original series.  Unfortunately, the only musical reference to the original series is a poorly done remake of Phil Collin's \\"In the Air Tonight\\".    The use of pastel colors, one of the trademarks of the original series, gives way to a much darker atmosphere.  There is some nice cinematography, but even that goes on for far too long, especially because the music is not interesting enough to make the visuals intersting enough for the length of the shot.  The plot is muddy and takes unexplained turns, leaving the viewer scratching their head.    Do not waste your time watching this movie.  Rent or buy the original television series on DVD because twenty years later, the television series is STILL better than this inferior remake, even if Michael Mann is still involved.
1591841666|4.0|Godin's premise is simple yet hard to know if it applies to you: successful people escape from dead ends quickly while staying focused and motivated when faced with temporary set-backs. What makes this even more interesting, is that Godin argues that worthwhile tasks always have what he calls the dip - a low point where progress is no longer being made, and fun is hard to find. In fact the worse the dip, the more one is forced to produce exceptional work to just survive. Once through a severe dip, a person or company emerges stronger and often with a lot less competition (many others quit in the dip and end up as losers). The hard part, and it is not so clear from Godin's book, is to determine whether you are really in a severe dip or a well defined rut that you are afraid to get out of. To help sort this out, Godin distinguishes between quitting a tactic and quitting a strategy. To be successful, one must quit many tactics while remaining focused on a strong (and ultimately successful) strategy. Finally, he gives three questions to ask prior to quitting: 1) Am I panicking?; 2) Who am I trying to influence? and 3)What sort of measurable progress am I making?    This book, like Godin's others is definitely thought provoking, especially for entrepreneurs gutting their way through tough times. This will become a new reference in my business library.
1594489505|5.0|This is an eye opening novel..it gives us a small hint as to what the nation of Afghanistan has been through and is going through, focusing on the women in this society...a real page turner...hard to put down and impossible to forget
0440234743|5.0|Considerable imagination went into creating the generally reprehensible family members and greedy attorneys in this Grisham novel.  This was balanced by the benevelont missionary and eventual \\"good guy\\" attorney.  I was disappointed in the ending, which was not quite \\"they lived happily ever after.\\"  But, this is classic Grisham.
0385338694|5.0|I really liked this book.  I thought it was really well written and totally adorable.  I loved the underlying message that there is more to life than running yourself ragged for your career and that we all need to take time to enjoy life around you.  Also that money and status doesn't always buy happiness.  Nat is a dreamboat.
0385340540|5.0|As someone who was a Washington lobbyist and has visited Italy, I can say with some authority that Grisham has written another masterpiece.  He describes rather accurately how things get done in Washington.  His account of the chase through northern Italy was also well done.  The intrigue keeps you in suspense until the very end.  The only disappointment is the usual Grisham ploy of leaving to the reader the completion of the story line.
0385339100|5.0|A great airplane read.  Sure it is fanatasy and a bit over the top.  But, so are Spiderman and Superman.  A very fast read that requires little mental effort.  If you want to be entertained, this is a good book for you.
B00007LTIL|5.0|A classic.  I only wish there were more albums in the world like this (Workingman's Dead is close).  Great melodies, unforced harmonies, cool subject matter.  I've given this album to so many people who thought they hated the Dead and they all loved this album.
140010422X|5.0|It's always fun to hear a great mystery, and in the future with a great off-world scenario made it even better.
B0001CCXZW|5.0|We discovered the Gilmore Girls and were anxious to go back and watch the earlier episodes.This series allowed us the opportunity to watch them as a family, without commercials.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend. This is the most incredible nature film made.  I would recommend this for anyone who loves our planet. It is something you will watch again and again for many years.
B000O77RLE|5.0|This movie has great video and audio transfer quality. The story line is slightly dark, but refreshing and moving. It is a good film that offers an alternative angle view of the battle event.
B00005JPRT|5.0|this movie is exactly that!  It's been said more than a dozen times already in these comments but yes, the best movie I've seen in years.  I'm not sentimental, and I almost didn't go see the movie that was described to me as a \\"romantic musical.\\"  I'll just say it again:    This is the best movie I have seen in years.
B000PY52EU|5.0|A great movie about the chains of sin and the power of salvation! A must watch!
B000P0I4O4|1.0|This film is boring predictable and unrealistic.  The script was dreadful as was some of the acting from the minor roles.  Cussack and Freeman fail to pull this weak story off i bet you they wished they had never done it in the first place.  DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY IN BUYING OR RENTING THIS MOVIE YOU WILL BE DISSAPOINTED.  It really was one of the worst films i have ever watched.
B0007LXPBI|4.0|I am sure the reason \\"The Parent Trap\\" is airing on cable television today is not because of Lindsay Lohan's arrest this past week but more because this past Friday \\"I Know Who Killed Me\\" opened.  So you have to appreciate that they are showing Lohan's first movie on television the same weekend that what may well be her last movie is opening in theaters.  It is hard to watch this 1998 remake of the 1961 Haley Miles [[ASIN:B00005RRG9 film]] of the same name, which is an American version of the German story \\"Das Doppelte Lottchen\\" by Erich K&auml;stner filmed in 1950, and not wonder what happened to sweet little Lindsay Lohan.  Watching this version again I kept thinking of Rob Schneider's joke on \\"The Tonight Show\\" about Lohan being worried about losing jobs to the English chick that played opposite her in \\"The Parent Trap\\" (Erin Mackey was the acting double, but that is not who he mean), but the basic situation is way too sentimental to be caustic and cynical for too long when watching this movie again.<br /><br />My problem with this movie is neither Lohan nor her performance, but rather the parents and the premise.  I am tempted to review \\"The Parent Trap\\" as a horror film.  You have these two people, Nick Parker (Dennis Quaid) and Elizabeth James (Natasha Richardson), who get married and after the birth of twin girls not only get a divorce but decide that to guarantee they never have to see each other ever again they will each take one of their infant daughters and go their separate ways, she to London, England and he to Napa Valley, California.  The fact that the roots of this story go back a half-century to post-war Germany makes a lot of sense to me because I can see circumstances warranting such a separation making a lot more sense than a mother deciding she hates her husband enough to give away one of her children.  I mean, come on, when Solomon offered his 50-50 deal way back when it was not a serious proposition (I want to ask what sort of parents break up immediately following the birth of their children, but Kevin Federline can now go for the hat trick on that score).<br /><br />Fortunately, we only have to deal with the interaction of the parents in the third act of this film and as a general rule of thumb if there is not at least one Lindsay Lohan in a scene in this film, it tends not to work as well.  The first act finds Hallie Parker and Annie James both arriving at the same Summer Camp (sending your kid to Summer Camp in another country across an entire ocean strikes me as being rather bizarre parental behavior, but it is a necessary plot device in this film).  Eventually the girls will figure out the connection between them, which leads to the second act where they switch places to meet the parent they have never met.  But before that they terrorize each other in an escalating series of camp hijinks that suggest they are forces to be reckoned with individually, so imagine what they can do if they team up.<br /><br />The second act is far and away the best part of this film because it is pretty much impossible not to be moved when each girl finally gets to meet their other parent and when the parents finally realize what is going on (although my favorite moment is when Annie reveals her true identity to Lisa Ann Walter's Chessy).  Coming clean is mandated because Annie, pretending to be Hallie, learns that their dad is going to marry Meredith Blake (Elaine Hendrix), apparently because he is the only one who cannot tell she is a money-hungry ice queen.  So it is up to the twins to set things right, or at least set their parents up so they can do the right thing.  One of the things that I think are required in a romance is what I call the \\"grand gesture,\\" and when Nick takes Elizabeth down to his private wine cellar that is exactly what we get.  The two-fold problem is that it does not work and that this particular grand gesture begs the question that needs to be asked of both parents as to why they never bothered to track down their other child.  Part of me thinks that the twins would be better off with Chessy and Martin (Simon Kunz).  If you can suspend your disbelief with regards to the stupidity of Nick and Elizabeth and the horrible thing they did to their daughters, then you can enjoy this film and the Lindsay Lohan that was.child.   Part of me thinks that the twins would be better off with Chessy and Martin (Simon Kunz).  If you can suspend your disbelief with regards to the stupidity of Nick and Elizabeth and the horrible thing they did to their daughters, then you can enjoy this film and the Lindsay Lohan that was.
B000OVLBEO|5.0|Great movie. Best I've seen in months.
B000BW7QX6|4.0|The special effects were cool and the characters believable. Who doesn't want to rescue a check and learn she's a tough cookie?
1596002433|3.0|Not much can save the book itself, which in my opinion isn't all that good.  But this is a very nice cast (especially for an audio book production) that doesn't try to overdo accents, inflections, etc., beyond what is clearly called for.  I'd rank this well above the version that is read by Joe Mantegna.     My biggest gripe centers on the packaging.  Brillance Audio (like many publishers) uses a small package for the CDs which is nice, but the CDs themselves are housed in individual envelopes...very inconvenient and hard to keep in order.
1594489505|5.0|Hosseini proved once again he is a wonderful, pragmatic writer.  I think this book may have been tougher to write because it is through the perspective of Afghanistani women - voices we rarely hear from in the media.  No book except this and She's Come Undone have truly impressed me where a male author is able to take on the voice of a woman.  I laughed, I cried (although cried more than laughed) - this book is excellent.  Really gives you a look into the life of Afghanistani women and their day to day struggles.  It is also a book about overcoming huge obstacles especially when the government and your husband are involved.  This book really made me appreciate the freedom women have in the US and taught me to be aware that you cannot compare struggles unless you put them in context.  A definite must read!
B00030590I|5.0|This movie was showing with no sound on a TV in a Chinese antique store.  I was turned to stone.  Every single frame, for as long as I stood there, could be framed and hung on the wall.  It is that beautiful.  So I don't need to know about the story at all.  Of course, I bought it immediately.
B000EQ47HC|4.0|I was a Boston fan right out of the blocks. I saw them in concert twice in the hazy 70s right after the first Boston album. When Don't Look Back came along I didn't think it measured up. I still don't but  still bought it last year when I realized just how great a song the lead track was. I'd catch myself getting fired up every time I heard it on the radio and I'd wonder why I didn't the CD so it was available to me anytime, rather than having to wait to hear it every once in awhile on the radio. The rest of the album isn't altogether unlistenable, it just doesn't have the same strength as the lead track. I've always wondered why Don't Look Back (the song) wasn't on the first album. It really should have been.    Oh, I'd be remiss writing about Boston and not mentioning how sad I've been since Brad Delp left this earth. His soaring vocals were as pure, clean and strong as any rock and roll has ever produced. I miss you Brad and wish there would have been another way for you to ease your pain.
B000PMGNK4|5.0|Aside from some quirks in the translation, this is a very well done package. Tasteful, a whole DVD with bonus stuff you may never get around to watching, and to top it off, the soundtrack.    For those who've come to expect great things of the GiTS SAC franchise, you will not be disappointed with this flick. It's a non-stop roller coaster ride that will have you on the edge of your seat.    In my book, a must-have. Having Yoko Kanno do the score doesn't hurt either! -_^ b
B000P0J024|5.0|The best CD I've bought in a long while.  You can't get any better that 5 of the best singer/musicians of our/any time, coming together and complementing each other perfectly.
B000OLGCHA|1.0|Compared to the other Harry Potter Soundracks, this is just a huge sequence of orchestral chords with some crescendos and diminuendos, but nothing to do with the tradition of music in Harry Potter films. It has no powerful melodies, which were a main characteristic in the previous soundtracks, specially those made by Williams. I say a good melody is the one people can easily remember and even sing, and this soundtrack can be easily forgotten!    We have to accept it's hard to make a soundtrack as good as John William's. And I don't say this just because I like him as a composer, but because of the experience he has on film music making. But Patrick Doyle made something real good with the Goblet of Fire soundtrack (previous to this), a bit far from William's work, but definetely fitting in the movie. But this Hooper made just amazingly weak music for this movie. The peaks on tho movie just don't have peaks in the music.
630469654X|5.0|I've been looking for this for years!   The photography and story are wonderful, It didn't fail to please.   If anything needs changed or re-edited it's the soundtrack, but I can put up with it. Ruter Hauer at his best, Michele Phieffer is beautiful and Matthew Broderick at the beginning of a successful career.
B000LE1FAY|4.0|Belinda sounds so much sexier and mysterious in French than when she sings in English.  Really liked this.
072325804X|5.0|I bought this for my wife after we viewed the Miss Potter DVD.  She loves it.  We don't have children, but we read the tales to our Borzoi.  She is in the Marin Humane Society SHARE program.  As a therapy dog, Lara is eligible to enter the child reading program.  In that program, children read to dogs if they have a learning problem.  The dogs listen attentively, and there is no peer derision from other children.
B0002IQNAG|5.0|Originally, I thought I might simply buy a regular copy of this film.  However, I decided to purchase the ultimate edition instead and was not disappointed.  Upon receiving and opening it you quickly realize you possess much more than just the different movie editions (which are great also).  In addition, you have extras, trailers, and other features that make this the complete package deal.    My friends were big fans of the 2004 remake of Dawn of the Dead.  When I told them they needed to see Romero's 1978 original version they were worried the time gap might affect the movie quality.  Quite the contrary, we watched it on a digital projector and they enjoyed every minute of it.    If you are a true fan of the Dead Series then this is the edition you both want and need.
B0002KQNJU|5.0|My husband and I have always loved this movie and I am glad to have it in DVD! The special effects are great!
055358894X|4.0|This is an interestingly conceived world with believable characters--thus the four stars--but I didn't finish the book, which is very unusual for me. I can't truly explain why, but I suspect that it was because all of the characters were so foreign to me, aptly realized or not. I never felt connected and thus was easily distracted by moving on to another book. Nevertheless, it is an exceptionally well written novel and you should see what you think for yourself.
B0000AMRJD|5.0|A very good movie, so good it has been stolen from me and I have to order another copy.
B000003S5H|5.0|When I only have space for a few albums, this in one that I take.  I don't get tired of it.
0784011710|5.0|I don't think anyone who has actually felt this movie in their hearts would ever be able to pass judgement upon any of the characters. I can not imagine the personal struggle that Sophie felt, not only with her newfound friends, but more impotantly, her family she left behind. How do you make that choice? Sophie did what she had to do to survive. I hope and pray that I will never have to choose between my children, because I would most likely..... choose to end my life.    We are so fortunate that we live in a free country, free from tyrannical, biblical, economic, oh, wait who am I kidding????? I am still proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm free!!!!
B00005NVDF|4.0|Here is another early Woody Allen social commentary heavily dependent on his long time love affair with film noir and its characters, in this case the legendary tough guy/romantic figure Humphrey Bogart, aka Rick of Rick's American Cafe in Casablanca. Now this may be a film that seems dated compared to today's new sensibilities around the `woman' question. It is not clear that it would be politically correct to ask advice of the legendary Bogart on the woman question today.     Bogie cinematically, except in the case of Lauren Bacall, was rough on his lady friends (or for the politically incorrect `dames'). But not to worry Woody is the same old bungling ball of nerves and anxieties as he is in most of his films. The real surprise here is that such a cerebral actor/ comedian/ director uses so many sight gags in his repertoire. Does the woman question get resolved here for poor Woody? Well watch the film and find out. You will be glad you did.
0316010669|4.0|I came across this book after reading an article about intuition in Scientific American, and then conducting an online search of the subject.  This book is not exactly what it states it is, but interesting enough and well-written.  I think a point that Gladwell discusses, but not profoundly enough, is the essense of the book, \\"experience\\".  Gary Klein's \\"Sources of Power...\\" hits more on the subject matter in a straightforward manner, where Gladwell is more articulate and sensationalistic.  Ultimately, I want to learn or benefit from reading a book.  Like a cookbook, I find it valuable if ONLY one recipe is successful - two is a bonus.  Hence, the question for me is, \\"Did I enjoy a benefit from the purchase of this book.\\"  Personally, I did.  It gave me many ideas.  Also, much of the referenced material is very useful - I've already followed-up (one thing leads to another). In layman's terms, this book helps me to understand why I do certain things, or react in certain manners.  Gladwell is not an authority - he simply compiles experiences from his resources and their studies, and writes them nicer than the professionals he interviewed...
080701429X|4.0|This is a must read for everyone!  It is a look at the day to day experience of the Nazi death camps and it is soul grabbing.  Frankl allows us to feel his experience and he shows how he and how we can choose to cope with suffering.  You walk away with the proof that your choices make the quality of your life.  We all suffer on some level.  How we choose to experience the suffering and what we do with it when it has ended is what will make the difference in our  lives today.
0143038419|5.0|Thank you, Elizabeth Gilbert, for taking me along. I listened to the audio version of this book each morning as I took my walk and thought about her experiences and insights throughout the day. Hearing the author read her own words made it even better. The self-deprecating wit and her sincere wonder were both captured and shared with the listener.   ***SPOILER ***  I don't agree with the reader who concluded that the ending, in which Liz discovers love with Philipe, means she has slipped back into a pattern of linking her value to having a man in her life. She never set out to become a nun who rejects physical pleasures. Her aim thoroughout this search was to find a balance, and clearly she is meeting this new love on her own terms.
B000H0MKOC|4.0|In a given day, consumers are barraged with the struggle between greed and ethics. It might be an astroturf website, a non-peer reviewed paper from a think tank, or a television commercial about a company which is being investigated for causing harm. The movie, \\"Thank You for Smoking\\", glances at  the multi-billion dollar industry that came to be as a result of increasing access to information about the record of companies who purport to care despite the damage being done.     Enter the Nailer, a master of spin who can take the most horrific impact a business has upon a consumer and cast doubt upon responsibility. Always ready to speak up, even without being asked, his loyalty to an employer allows the definition of truth to erode into who speaks the loudest argument for the longest amount of time. He is the stylized version of the rather unkempt crew of firms like the Center for Consumer Freedom and the audience is treated to seeing the lowest common denominator and how much the consumer trusts them.    Though the cinematography leaves something to be desired, this well cast film set in the mid-1990's is a non-stop joke laid thickly over a pretty sour subject. Such is the bitter sweet experience of watching a third party manipulate perceptions of reality.
0440241030|5.0|I just discovered this series and read all but the most recent this summer. He keeps getting better. I love his disinterest in possessions and the change in setting in each story. Makes for a one-of-a-kind hero who never fails to surprise.
B000A2RRF4|1.0|This concert is fantastic but whoever recorded this keeps showing the audience and you miss little bits of Michael performing. I have seen this same concert on tv where they do not do this and it is much much better that way.
B000N4SHOE|1.0|Me, my mom and sister were all thinking what the hell do the critics see in this movie?! They always think a movie is good when its garbage and when a movie is actually good they don't like it. I just recently saw this movie and was expecting a really nice, romantic love story (from the reviews that I read) like the notebook. But it was so boring. There was no chemistry between the two main characters. There was no romance. Even the drama (where her fiance dies) is not emotional. I usually cry over everything. But not in this movie. Renee Zellweger does not act good in this movie. I saw nothing amazing in any of the performances. She just came across wierd and loopy. I would not recommend this film to anyone. I thought it was a waste of time.
B000B8IA2G|5.0|If you like Star TRek Voyager - you will love this. Very creative storyline and lots of humour - which is definetely one up on Star trek.
0440241413|1.0|Well, I guess I'm the rebel here, but.... I could not get into this book. It wasn't the authors' style of writing that I didn't like; it was the main character Becky that I couldn't bring myself to care about. I stopped at page 170. Hopefully, she got some scruples by the end.<br /><br />The main character Becky was a very shallow, manipulative, immoral, two-faced person, not to mention a compulsive liar. A few examples from the book: when she sits by a man on public transportation she comments on his wearing very old 501s and white tennis shoes and how disgusting it is (get a life!), she wouldn't be seen in a certain department store brand, when she dated a man with religious beliefs about not having premarital sex- he wouldn't take advantage of her and later she makes fun of him to her friend, she lies to most anyone she meets about anything and everything. All through the book she is constantly thinking about herself and whenever anyone else speaks to her she doesn't pay any attention to them and just makes up things to tell them. She was so dislikable to me that I just couldn't read the rest of the book.
8489367116|4.0|Excellent stories, an amazing life.  I lost some of the meaning in the never-ending, blockbusterness of it all, but appreciated it all the same.
0345494768|5.0|I cannot say enough wonderful things about this book. I thought over the last 30+ years I have seen all the behind the scene photos, video and related available material and read all the trivia that has saturated the galaxy from STAR WARS. Well - I was wrong! - my eyes opened to more photos, more trivia, more details than I could possibly imagine - own this book and take your \\"FIRST STEP INTO A LARGER WORLD\\"<br /><br />I love seeing all the behind scenes photos, candid shots, shots of production and movie magic in the making !  Another book goes into my Star Wars collection, and I am sure it will not be my only one...<br /><br />\\"NO There is another!\\"<br /><br />The Making of The Empire Strikes Back  ~ and I will own that as well.
B000K7VHQ4|5.0|This is a masterful piece of storytelling!  The plot, photography, acting, sets, visual effects, all stunning!  There's only been a handful of films lately that as soon as they are over I want to see again.  This is one of them.  Treat yourself and watch this!
B000RJO57I|5.0|This movie is hilarious - a real satire on the whole Bad Boys/ Point Break Comedy action movies. Lots of references to other movies which makes it a fun watch.    It is a tight script, but is enhanced by superb camera work and sound track which brings the whole thing to life. Enhanced sounds make every action dramatic - but the subject is so laughably small that is really stands out.    This is Constable Nicholas Angel, top cop at the Met (London) who is moved out because his arrest rate is 400% more than anyone elses and he is making them all look bad. So he ends up in a tiny village in Gloucester (Sandford) which ahs won best village of the year for many years running. But all is not well in the village, luckily the neighbourhood watch are there keeping an eye on things - meaning Nicholas angel has time to follow up on missing swans in the neighbourhood.    Unfortunately there are a series of murders which the police force there are calling 'accidents' - Angel sees different and tries to investigate only to come up against brick walls. His research reveals a stunningly complicated link between all of them which makes sense - but when he confronts them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.     It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffinated coffee again without laughing.    Truly brilliant, hilarious, comic-action fun!    The extras are pretty good - I liked the subtitled choice which meant you could watch the movie and get an idea of the references - including the police references in this (including the fact that Sandford is a fictional village used by the British police for all their role-playing and tests) There are outakes, but I didn't think much of them - they seemed banal by comparison. Story baords and much more    This is full of all the cream of British film - Great oily turn by ex-James Bond, Timothy Dalton as the Supermarket owner. Jim Broadbent is superb too.     A top watch.
B00004W48G|5.0|This is the European release of \\"The Legend of 1900\\" and is an absolute must see movie.  Trust me, this is something you have to OWN because it's compulsive viewing that requires watching over and over again and be delighted to find new things each time afresh.    This is not a romantic love story that some reviewers had us believed.  The strength of the story lies in the human journey of life, the poetic script and the delivery of lines, the hauntingly beautiful music and cinematography, the strong acting of a fine cast, the thoughtful production and vision of the director- all the elements we come to appreciate in European films as opposed to the pedestrian Hollywood box office stuff.  It's an Italian production directed by Giuseppe Tornatore and made in Rome.    Tim Roth shines.  Don't miss his stunning performance.    The story begins with the touching scene of Max, a down and out talented musician selling his trumpet at a pawn shop for next to nothing to buy a decent meal.  He begged to play his trumpet one last time and began to play the music created by a \\"nameless\\" pianist known as 1900.  The indifferent pawnbroker was at once moved by the music and curious about the story behind.    Max reminisced the past on how he got to know 1900 when he played on the luxurious ocean liner, Virginian.  His first meeting with 1900 is absolutely mesmerising.  He was so sea sick that 1900 showed him the way to cure his misery- the now famous piano ride scene- with 1900 playing magical music on a moving grand piano(with brakes taken off).  It's an amazingly breathtaking scene that completely captivates the audience with the piano surging backward and forward to the rhythm of the rough sea, crashing everything in the way and landing them in trouble with the ship captain.  While being punished to shovel coal in the engine room, 1900's story was told.    He was a newborn foundling in a lemon box on top of a grand piano in the first class cabin discovered by an engine room coalstoker.  Hardship and harshness of life had not diminished his kindness of heart and yearning for love so he raised the boy to avoid the boy's doomed fate of an orphanage.    Audience will be moved and enjoy how 1900 still talked about people would be locked up in an orphanage if they don't have children as his adoptive father told him once in jest when he was little. This is 1900's own quiet way of coping with his private grief and keeping his adoptive father's memory alive.    He was born to make music on the piano with magical fingers which impressed the ship captain and others so much that he was allowed to stay on board to entertain after his adoptive father died in an engine room accident and was adored by all.  But there would be lonely moments when he and his music were left abandoned by the adoring crowd after the ship docked and passengers flocked ashore to their respective lives and then he was all alone again with his piano.    1900 knew little beyond the confines of the ship and was innocent and naive of the ways of the world.  His communication and interaction with people were through his music which he created instinctively to express himself and in response to his immediate environment through his keen observations of people and the world around him.    Through some lovely and thoughtful piano recital scenes for both first and third class passengers, the director shows us how unaffected 1900 was and how he was totally comfortable mixing with the rich and the poor unconscious of class distinction. He was as relaxed with the rich in his tailed tuxedo in the first class cabin as with the poor immigrants in third class who would utter some incomprehensible notes and asked 1900 to play a tune that reminded them of the home they left behind.  1900 would make magical music just on hearing a tune once, to the delight of the crowd.    The three landmark episodes of his life were played out in the following poignant scenes:-    1) His humble response to the ostentatious King of Jazz's bully and challenge to a piano duel.  Watch out for how they use a cigarette to prove who has the lightest butterfly fingers whilst making the most earth shattering music and how he plays as if he had two pairs of hands.    2)  His gentle, brief yet profound encounter with the girl, a third class passenger, the power of which lies with the director's deliberate intent to leave an indelible mark on the audience through the unsaid, the unspoken and the unrequited love.    3)  His trust and friendhip with Max culminating to the bittersweet ending of the story through his most endearing and enduring soliloquy about his fear of life not so much because of what he saw but what he didn't see- \\"Where the whole thing came to an end....how do you just choose one woman, one house, one piece of land to call your own, one landscape to look at.....one way to die.....You don't even know where it all comes to an end......it's a voyage too long, perfume too strong...I can't get off the ship(his reality); at best, I can step off my life...\\"  This is some powerful stuff that could easily be uttered by anyone of us in our eternal search for our reality and the meaning of life.    This sums up the tragedy that's his and ours.
B000MCH5P4|5.0|Babel is three individual stories very loosely related. Each story takes place in a separate part of the world. The border between Southern California and Mexico is the setting for the story about two American children and their undocumented Mexican care-giver. Morocco is the setting for the story about a Moroccan boy and his siblings, as well as the setting for the story about two American tourists reviving their marriage (perhaps) through unexpected violence. Japan is the setting for a story about a deaf girl exploring her teenage sexuality and desperately seeking intimacy and physical affection.<br /><br />The film is not easy. It is not a light-hearted romp or an adventure movie. Babel is an art house flick. Some people will not like it. In fact, some scenes are physically upsetting. In the same way the climax of Requiem for a Dream provoked nausea in some, Babel's Japanese rave club scenes could cause an epileptic seizure in some people. I don't mean to say the images are split into four and shown all at once in a visual and aural overdose like in Requiem. Quite the opposite. Babel splits the images up with sections of silence and pieces of blackness, giving the audience bursts of fullness contrasted with longing and hunger, forcing the audience to physically, not just emotionally, empathize with the character and her story.<br /><br />While each individual story is told chronologically, all the stories are told at once so that there is some jumping back and forth between time and space. Some audience members were confused by this and thought the plot had gaps though it didn't. I like this type of storytelling because it's more real to me. It's the way real people tell stories, jumping around from place to place and back and forth through time. It's the way human character is revealed naturally through conversation and events. We learn about each other in these flashes of insight, not in building blocks.<br /><br />I left the film feeling like I hadn't completely done what it asked, \\"If You Want to be Understood...Listen.\\" I had listened, and loved the soundtrack by the way, but I didn't completely understand the movie. I'd have to watch it a dozen more times to feel like I really \\"got\\" it. Babel is one of those highly nuanced films that's like an onion: you can peel away the layers upon layers, but there may not be a true core. It's not the kind of movie that has a message. It's the kind of movie that gives you a tiny glimpse into someone else's life, a sort of superficial understanding.If You Want to be Understood...Listen.\\" I had listened, and loved the soundtrack by the way, but I didn't completely understand the movie. I'd have to watch it a dozen more times to feel like I really \\"got\\" it. Babel is one of those highly nuanced films that's like an onion: you can peel away the layers upon layers, but there may not be a true core. It's not the kind of movie that has a message. It's the kind of movie that gives you a tiny glimpse into someone else's life, a sort of superficial understanding.
B00004R99U|3.0|Alright here's what I think. The film only had two decent songs: \\"Where Do I Go From Here\\" and my favorite, \\"Between Two Worlds\\". That London song was crap. The thing most people seem to be mad about is that Pocahontas ended up with John Rolfe instead of Smith. And I don't blame any of yall one bit. The sequel totally dashes all of the imagination and magic of the first film because of this. Disney wasn't concerned with historical accuracy in the first film. Why bother with it in the second? Disney should have never made Pocahontas and Smith fall in love in the first place if they were so concerned with adhering to history. If you're gonna lie, complete the lie. Finish the lie so that it makes sense. Don't cut it off before it is told. The reason why Disney screwed up is because they started of with a lie and then tried to reverse it by telling the truth. Not a good idea. They should have told the truth from the beginning if that was the case. Pocahontas should have ended up with John Smith, historically accurate or not. As some of you previously mentioned, it's Disney, not history.
B0000028RR|5.0|I am not generally a fan of this type of music but I love this album.  Sure some of the lyrics are a little silly but it sounds great cranked up in the car.
B0006G89HE|5.0|its a great album with the best culture club and boy george songs ever. the best songs are here, and if you miss this one, you're missing out. a true flashback to the eighties with our beautiful boy, and a great band!
B000RJO578|5.0|This movie is hilarious - a real satire on the whole Bad Boys/ Point Break Comedy action movies. Lots of references to other movies which makes it a fun watch.     It is a tight script, but is enhanced by superb camera work and sound track which brings the whole thing to life. Enhanced sounds make every action dramatic - but the subject is so laughably small that is really stands out.     This is Constable Nicholas Angel, top cop at the Met (London) who is moved out because his arrest rate is 400% more than anyone elses and he is making them all look bad. So he ends up in a tiny village in Gloucester (Sandford) which ahs won best village of the year for many years running. But all is not well in the village, luckily the neighbourhood watch are there keeping an eye on things - meaning Nicholas angel has time to follow up on missing swans in the neighbourhood.     Unfortunately there are a series of murders which the police force there are calling 'accidents' - Angel sees different and tries to investigate only to come up against brick walls. His research reveals a stunningly complicated link between all of them which makes sense - but when he confronts them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.     It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffinated coffee again without laughing.     Truly brilliant, hilarious, comic-action fun!     The extras are pretty good - I liked the subtitled choice which meant you could watch the movie and get an idea of the references - including the police references in this (including the fact that Sandford is a fictional village used by the British police for all their role-playing and tests) There are outakes, but I didn't think much of them - they seemed banal by comparison. Story baords and much more     This is full of all the cream of British film - Great oily turn by ex-James Bond, Timothy Dalton as the Supermarket owner. Jim Broadbent is superb too.     A top watch.
0517147688|5.0|Wow! This is an unbelievably beautiful bound collection.  It's almost too beautiful to use. It's an excellent price for the quality of the product. Imagine to cost of each book. I am looking forward to purchasing other collections of my favorite authors if the presentation is the same.  Extremely fast delivery.  Well worth It.
B000BVQ9JO|2.0|Their first album was almost perfect. The second was worth getting for about half the tracks. The appeal of this one is mostly lost on me.
1582701709|5.0|I essentially believe in the ideas presented in this book and am willing to recommend it to members of my family and friends.
B000002UZ6|3.0|The songs on this in my opinion are not Tina's best songs. They are just ok.
0321200683|5.0|I've been using the patterns in this book for several years now.  These patterns help me to focus on the problems my customers need solved rather than what technology to use.  This has helped to produce numerous successful systems and these patterns have consequently become the basis for many architecural redesign efforts at my company.
B000RJO58M|5.0|This movie is hilarious - a real satire on the whole Bad Boys/ Point Break Comedy action movies. Lots of references to other movies which makes it a fun watch.     It is a tight script, but is enhanced by superb camera work and sound track which brings the whole thing to life. Enhanced sounds make every action dramatic - but the subject is so laughably small that is really stands out.     This is Constable Nicholas Angel, top cop at the Met (London) who is moved out because his arrest rate is 400% more than anyone elses and he is making them all look bad. So he ends up in a tiny village in Gloucester (Sandford) which ahs won best village of the year for many years running. But all is not well in the village, luckily the neighbourhood watch are there keeping an eye on things - meaning Nicholas angel has time to follow up on missing swans in the neighbourhood.     Unfortunately there are a series of murders which the police force there are calling 'accidents' - Angel sees different and tries to investigate only to come up against brick walls. His research reveals a stunningly complicated link between all of them which makes sense - but when he confronts them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.     It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffinated coffee again without laughing.     Truly brilliant, hilarious, comic-action fun!     The extras are pretty good - I liked the subtitled choice which meant you could watch the movie and get an idea of the references - including the police references in this (including the fact that Sandford is a fictional village used by the British police for all their role-playing and tests) There are outakes, but I didn't think much of them - they seemed banal by comparison. Story baords and much more     This is full of all the cream of British film - Great oily turn by ex-James Bond, Timothy Dalton as the Supermarket owner. Jim Broadbent is superb too.     A top watch.
0385720920|1.0|I liked Fight club, the way it progressed and the metaphorical ambiguity, I even liked the characters and the voice, but Choke was really dissapointing, at least for me. First off, the characters are extremely flat and uninteresting; there are books out there where characters are flat and it works to some larger effect, i.e. Less Than Zero, but Choke's flatness is just dumb and boring. I don't care about a single character in this book, and there plot lines are as simple as a game of connect the dots. Second, this book has no literary value. Palahnuik's anti-capitalism/consumerism/materialism sentiments are kindergarden; this dude might know about anatomy and medicine, but he doesn't seem to know anything about politics or economics. Palahnuik has no style, either; just because his characters are depraved doesn't mean the story should go without style, look at Nabakov's Lolita; the characters in Lolita were almost all despicable, but the prose style was absolutely brilliant. And third, this book is not a worthy satire. Behind satire is a logical, coherenet message, i.e. Swift's A Modest Proposal. But the \\"intellectual argument\\" latent in Choke is just another BS opinion. This dude needs to go back to school and grow up.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|All I can say is Wow! Best Documentary Ever! Each disk on the set is amazing. One great visual journey.
B00000GAIW|5.0|This album is great. Could do with out the talking at the end of the album though.
B00007KWI9|5.0|The first and the best hands down. Buy the first two albums you won't be disappointed.
B000M341QE|5.0|This is a movie about an inside investigation into the mob in Boston.  In the process involving corrupt cops along the way.  This is an all star cast that you should not miss.<br /><br />This is a R rated movie and I would say a HARD R movie.  Extreme blood, violence and language.  Also stay with the movie leaving the room or looking away for any length of time you may loose what is going on from moment to moment.  This is action packed from start to finish.
B000005JPL|2.0|I WONDER IF THAT REVIEWER ERIC ANDREWS KNOWS THAT THE BEATLES WERE STILL A GROUP WHEN RINGO RECORDED THIS ALBUM.HE SHOULD GET HIS FACTS STRAIGHT.BEATLES ALWAYS DABBED IN SOLO WORKS WHILE THEY WERE A BAND DATING BACK TO WHEN JOHN WROTE BOOKS AS A SIDELINE AND PAUL DID MUSIC SOUNDTRACKS LIKE THE FAMILY WAY,AND GEORGE FOR THE MOVIE WONDERWALL.RINGO SOUNDS BETTER SINGING COUNTRY SONGS.ITS HARD ENOUGH FOR MOST SINGERS TO SING THESE SONGS LET ALONE RINGO.HE DOES A GOOD JOB ON MOST OF THEM.BUT NOT ALL.AND I THINK HE COULD HAVE SUNG THE TITLE SONG SENTIMENTAL JOURNEY BETTER.HIS VOICE HAS KIND OF A TWANG TO IT WHEN HE SINGS IT.AND HE SHOULDNT HAVE SUNG IT LIKE THAT.HE DIDNT SING GOODNIGHT OFF THE WHITE ALBUM LIKE THAT.ALTHOUGH I THINK THE ANTHOLOGY EARLY TAKE OF GOODNIGHT IS WAY BETTER THAN THE WHITE ALBUM VERSION.I ALSO RECOMMEND RINGO'S VERSION OF DON'T PASS ME BY ON THE VH1 STORYTELLERS CD.THAT IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN THE WHITE ALBUM VERSION.I KNOW ANYONE WHO HAS HEARD IT WILL AGREE.I'D ALSO LIKE TO SAY IT WAS NICE THAT GEORGE AND JOHN AND PAUL WROTE AND COMPOSED SONGS FOR RINGO TO SING LIKE IT DON'T COME EASY AND IM THE GREATEST AND PHOTOGRAPH.
0743496728|4.0|I enjoy Jodi Picoult books, if only for the thought provoking subject matter.  I thought she did a fairly good job with this book, delving into the characters, with a few interesting twists and really captured the bullying and social \\"climbing\\" that has gone on in schools, probably forever.  I also was surprised that her legal friends who probably reviewed this for her allowed her to keep the judge on the case for so long, she almost seemed to be purposefully forgetting that the judge knew Peter and had been friends with his mom.  There is another legal twist at the end I found somewhat unbelievable, but won't give away here.  She did a nice job of making Peter a believable and sympathetic character.  I don't think she was as on target with Josie, who was expressing some very mature thoughts as a 16 year old, although I think she was astute in capturing the confusion and angst that many teenagers feel over their social situations.  However, my one quibble, and it is with the three books of hers which I read, is that she includes some sort of side story or stories that really distracts from the whole thought provoking nature of the story.  Here it is the \\"twist\\" ending--the entire idea of a seemingly ordinary kid deciding one day to seek revenge on his classmates, is intriguing enough without this ending.  In the Pact, the entire book was ruined for me by the scene in the bathroom--again, the story idea is already compelling without adding this extraneous piece of information.  In My Sister's Keeper, I thought the relationship between the laywer and GAL was totally unnecessary, added nothing to again, a very thought provoking concept.  Still, I will read more of her books because I find the subject matter fascinating and do believe she has the ability to tell a story and make the characters seem real.
006112429X|3.0|I'm really in the beginning but i just had to say it's not an easy read. Does this author really have to prove that she knows every word in the english language???? Im an avid reader, i feel on some level educated :)) im starting to wonder if her words are even in WEBSTER!!!!  ITS almost funny.  But i do plan on finishing the book albeit suffering quite abit as i go.
0316067598|3.0|This is a great story that needs to be told and I am thankful for people like Marcus and other Navy Seals. The service of people like Marcus is undeniably incredible and without comparison. I can only hope to have the same courage and perseverance. Great story somewhat repetitive given the nature and context of the text and the fact it is really about PEOPLE it is difficult to review this story sitting in my dinning room and knowing that there are men and women defending my freedom! thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, THANK YOU!!!!!!!
B000PMFS2I|5.0|\\"Instant camp classic,\\" giggled The New York Times about Showgirls. And how! It's been well noted that writer Joe Eszterhas lifted the plot of Showgirls from All About Eve, 42nd Street and Flashdance. It should also be pointed out that Showgirls owes a major debt to Valley of the Dolls.<br /><br />What Eszterhas has done is combine the four femmes from Dolls into just two gals--with schizo results. Elizabeth Berkley behaves like both a nice newcomer seduced by her boss and a self-destructive, psychotic...well, you know; costar Gina Gershon is both a sweet showgirl and a seen-it-all, show-biz monster. Even the stars we hear the filmmakers wanted for the Berkley and Gershon roles, Drew Barrymore and Madonna, couldn't have pulled off playing such split personalities. With two glassy-eyed doorstops in the leads, Showgirls is unadulterated farce from the get-go.<br /><br />Our show begins when tough, young hitchhiker Berkley gets a lift from hunky sociopath Dewey Weber, who generously drives her to Las Vegas, then steals her suitcase (what does he think is inside?). Down-and-out Berkley moves in with dim-bulb waitress Gina Ravera and soon Berkley's got a gig as a cheesy stripper, but when she gets a look at the Big Time at the hotel Ravera works at, she witnesses a real Vegas show starring Gershon (who, despite the rhinestones glued to her [...]., is indistinguishable from any of the other dancers). A coked-up Gershon turns up at Berkley's strip joint with her hotel boss/lover Kyle MacLachlan, and pays Berkley $500 for a nude lap dance, during which Berkley, in a fit of originality, licks her own -- (no ...you gotta see it.) Whereupon Gershon encourages Berkley to audition for the hotel show.<br /><br />Surveying the line of hopefuls, snide show producer Alan Rachins snarls at the first, \\"What are these, watermelons? This is a stage, babe, not a patch!\\" Berkley is hired and proceeds to witness the dog-eat-dog world of showgirls: one chorine growls at seamstress Ravera, \\"You're gonna see a smilin' sn--ch if you don't fix this G-string.\\" Well, maybe it's more dog-eat-dog-food: over lunch Gershon tells Berkley, \\"I've had dog food. I used to love Doggie Chow,\\" and Berkley gushes, \\"I used to love Doggie Chow, too!\\" The brief bonding over pet food experiences ends when Gershon comes on to Berkley and Berkley rejects her, sneering, \\"B-tch!\\"<br /><br />Berkley is visited in her new, \\"classier\\" digs by her old strip-club pals. Flush with success, Berkley goes after druggy McLachlan. Naked in his pool, they have a whiplash-like imitation of sex which resembles nothing so much as an epileptic fit. (You'll want to throw in your laundry and add detergent!) Then, having stolen Gershon's guy, she shoves Gershon down a staircase, and that night she takes Gershon's place in the show and becomes a star (although she, like Gershon, blends right into the chorus). Her triumph is spoiled when pal Ravera is gang-raped by a rock star and his friends. Suddenly, Showgirls veers off into Cleopatra Jones/Coffy territory, with Berkley becoming a martial-arts super-heroine--Ninja Showgirl?--who kicks the rocker senseless. After French-kissing Gershon farewell, an older, wiser Berkley blows town, hitching a ride with, yep, luggage thief Weber. The duo heads for L.A.--to work, we hope, for Zalman King in a sexy cable TV series lifted from their roles here: each week, a little lap-dancing, a little crime-fighting. We'd lap it up.lin' sn--ch if you don't fix this G-string.\\" Well, maybe it's more dog-eat-dog-food: over lunch Gershon tells Berkley, \\"I've had dog food. I used to love Doggie Chow,\\" and Berkley gushes, \\"I used to love Doggie Chow, too!\\" The brief bonding over pet food experiences ends when Gershon comes on to Berkley and Berkley rejects her, sneering, \\"B-tch!\\"     Berkley is visited in her new, \\"classier\\" digs by her old strip-club pals. Flush with success, Berkley goes after druggy McLachlan. Naked in his pool, they have a whiplash-like imitation of sex which resembles nothing so much as an epileptic fit. (You'll want to throw in your laundry and add detergent!) Then, having stolen Gershon's guy, she shoves Gershon down a staircase, and that night she takes Gershon's place in the show and becomes a star (although she, like Gershon, blends right into the chorus). Her triumph is spoiled when pal Ravera is gang-raped by a rock star and his friends. Suddenly, Showgirls veers off into Cleopatra Jones/Coffy territory, with Berkley becoming a martial-arts super-heroine--Ninja Showgirl?--who kicks the rocker senseless. After French-kissing Gershon farewell, an older, wiser Berkley blows town, hitching a ride with, yep, luggage thief Weber. The duo heads for L.A.--to work, we hope, for Zalman King in a sexy cable TV series lifted from their roles here: each week, a little lap-dancing, a little crime-fighting. We'd lap it up.
0679720200|5.0|I have never studied (or even once read about) existentialism and I read this book purely for pleasure.  Without being in search of existentialist thought, like many frustrated students who gave this book a bad review may have been, I found it to be immensely well-written and simply a perfect little novel.  Camus used fantastic sentence composition disguised by Meursault's (or perhaps translator Matthew Ward's) drollery while the simplicity of the events hid the absurdity of the story.  I now consider the book a necessity of my own literary knowledge, especially being such a pleasantly quick read.
0143038419|1.0|I am trying to figure out why so many people found this \\"delightful\\" and \\"insightful\\". It was boring. I've just finished the part on Italy, a country I have been to twice and absolutely adore, and could barely get through it. Her characters, who are real people, are not even brought to life by her writing style and I honestly don't even feel sorry for her trials and tribulations. She had a heinous divorce because she no longer wanted to be married. Hardly the stuff soul searching is made of.<br />And I guess because it is so fresh in my mind, I dispute her interpretation of why Italy has never been a world power. Hello, what about the Roman Empire, probably once of the greatest empires of all times!
0975991477|5.0|As a layman, this book explains cellular biology in a way that you can understand and even enjoy.  His sense of humor is refreshing.  If my high school and college biology teachers had made their classes this fun and easy to learn, I would have made A's.
B000QUCNP4|3.0|Once again, just like it happened with Mission Impossible 3, Paramount Home Video puts out a terrible DVD video transfer. The image is full of rippling and jaggies and shimmering artifacts!. The video is sharp but looks like the older transfers before the days of progressive anamorphic encoding. This is not acceptable by 2007 DVD standards. I am hoping the studio is planning a High Definition release which hopefully will be a clean transfer of this absolutely fantasctic suspense thriller. One of the best films of the year!!!
B000N3SRRC|5.0|I am a long-standing Clutch fan.  Every song they've ever put out impresses me in its own way.  This album is simply the latest and greatest.  It's not the heaviest music they've put out, if that's what you're looking for, but it's certainly the smartest and most progressive.  These guys are definitely growing up.
0440236304|5.0|This is one of the best war books I've ever read. It is a first hand account of a 101st Airborne soldier telling when he parachuted into Normandy on D-Day.The Author did a really good job putting everything into detail from training to combat and the horrors of war. He talks about people being blown to pieces and mg42 machine guns almost tearin soldiers in two. He talks about a bayonet charge they did on the Germans. This is an excellent book full of intense action. You can't do a whole bunch better than this. I can't wait to read his sequals,Road to Arnhem A Screaming Eagle In Holland,Seven Roads to Hell A Screaming Eagle In Bastogne,and Beyond The Rhine A Screaming Eagle In Germany. I'm Sure these are great books to. If you like world war 2 books buy this. You won't be sorry
0316018953|3.0|Michael Connelly is extremely gifted at writing crime mysteries, and has enthralled readers everywhere with his detective series which follows the character Harry Bosch. While I have thoroughly enjoyed Connelly's Harry Bosch series, this recent addition was not quite the best in the bunch (although it wasn't overly disappointing either).<br /><br />\\"The Overlook\\" has Harry Bosch recovering from his most recent escapade in [[ASIN:044661646X Echo Park (Harry Bosch)]] -- starting fresh with a new partner, but the same old surly rebel attitude. Bosch finds himself in charge of an investigation into the murder of a local doctor, which was carried out on a remote overlook of L.A. Bosch soon finds himself in the added tangle of a Federal investigation when it's discovered that the victim was an unfortunate casualty of a terrorist organization set to target the U.S. with a dirty bomb full of radioactive material. With the FBI mucking around in his murder investigation, it isn't long before Bosch begins to resort to his rebellious ways (if there's one thing he hates, it's getting pushed around by the Feds).<br /><br />I was actually entertained by this book (as I am with the entire Bosch series), but I felt this particular novel was a little bogged down with the beauracratic lingo and explanations. The majority of the book (and it was actually one of the smaller ones) was taken up by lengthy explanations about the mechanics of the relationship and differences between the FBI and the LAPD (which of course annoys Bosch to no end). Bosch wanted to focus on the actual murder case -- in his mind, if you find the murderer, you'll find the terrorists. The Feds, however, were less concerned with solving the murder, and more concerned with tracking down the stolen radioactive material (which of course poses a more immediate threat to U.S. citizens). The whole book is pretty much about how the two mindsets clash and cause problems and friction.<br /><br />Like I said, it's not a bad book, but I feel a bit on the fence about it. I would have rather skipped most of the formulaic beauracratic explanations and gone straight for the good stuff -- but, Michael Connelly rarely let's me down, and I *was* mostly entertained (which is kind of the point of a book), so while I can't give it a rave review of 4 or 5 stars, I'm more than happy to give it a decent 3 star rating.n the fence about it. I would have rather skipped most of the formulaic beauracratic explanations and gone straight for the good stuff -- but, Michael Connelly rarely let's me down, and I *was* mostly entertained (which is kind of the point of a book), so while I can't give it a rave review of 4 or 5 stars, I'm more than happy to give it a decent 3 star rating.
B000O77RLE|4.0|I enjoyed the movie, as it did a good job of balancing story and action, as well as showing the Japanese perspective without being anti-American (in my opinion), though some will claim otherwise (if you are looking for \\"anti-American\\" scenes, you will find them, but you will also find scenes sympathetic to the Americans to balance).  The reality is that it is war - on both sides there was cruelty/hate, but what this movie does a good job of is show the common element of humanity.  We have seen the US WWII movies depicting our soldiers humanity, but this helps to demonstrate the other side, which I think was part of the purpose of the movie.<br /><br />On that note, I found myself wondering what my grandfather would have thought of the movie (he has passed, but he was a WWII veteran who fought against the Japanese on Okinawa with the Marines).  I concluded that he would not have liked the movie, judging that it portrayed the Japanese in too good of a light, and the Americans in a negative one.  Understandably, from his experience he had a disdain for how the Japanese treated his fellow comrades (POWs, for example), as well as from all the friends he lost to the war, which he would have felt was downplayed by the movie.
0307165485|5.0|I grew up reading this book.  I loved it so much that I had to buy a new copy for myself.  Such a great book to get a friend who is expecting.
B00005NTNM|4.0|This is one of my least favorites in the series. I rate this right behind \\"The Dead Pool\\" The third installment gives \\"Harry\\" yet another partner,this time it's Tyne Daly(Cagney & Lacy)(Judging Amy)and the movie has that 70's TV movie feel once again. I am a fan of the entire series and I do like this film, but it just seemed like it didn't have much new to add to the series. This is one of the shortest films in the \\"Dirty Harry\\" franchise, but it didn't seem like it. It is by all means a very good and worthy installment and should not be missed. The DVD transfer is very good and the disc has some extras.
B00005YUNY|5.0|I usually shy away from any \\"symphonic\\" renditions of rock music, but this DVD is just brilliant. The musical performance is powerful, soaring and fun, while the camerawork and editing is just about perfect. I wholeheartedly recommend this dvd to any Yes fan.
B000K7VHQ4|5.0|The story weaves its way through the essence of deception and illusion, asking central quesions regarding justice, ethics and our view of how both fit together to serve our individual needs.  Each of the characters is well played as they face their own illusions.  Illusions that lead to a final deception?  The film is well-paced, beautifully photographed and, while the outcome may be obvious to some, the conclusion remains satisfying and thought provoking.
B00004VVN9|4.0|Watching \\"Brainstorm\\" you can't help to think what might have been.  Natalie Wood's untimely death in 1981 had more of an effect on the finished product than you would think.  The film's release was delayed for reshoots and rewrites and it's good but it could have been better.  Director Douglas Trumbull posits an intriguing idea about the possibilities of sharing another person's feelings and experiences.  When in the right hands the possibilities are wonderful.  When in the wrong hands the whole concept is corrupted and evil is evident.  The problem I have here is Trumbull has evil represented by big corporation and big government.  Cliff Robertson is fine as the face of soulless big business.  Big goverment here, however, is represented by cliched non-descript baddies.  The ending here, too, feels abrupt.  The death experience is represented by a psychedelic lightshow that Kubrick would have rejected in the sixties.  I think it's here that Wood's death probably effected the film.  There's enough here to recommend, though.  The film is eminently watchable and engaging.  The acting on the whole is superb.  Wood at least has a decent vehicle for her final film.  Christopher Walken, eschewing the mannerisms that we have come to know and love, is solid as the scientist trying to protect the purity of his work.  Louise Fletcher probably comes off best as Walken's chainsmoking colleague who takes the malevolent interference of her work a little to much to heart.  I give \\"Brainstorm\\" a qualified recommendation because of it's ambitions despite falling short in execution.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|I love this version of the Jane Austin novel.  I have watched it over ten times to date and the only movie I prefer more is Pride and Prejudice the A&E version.
B00005JNJV|3.0|I personally found this one a bit of a yawner. The \\"origin\\" story is painfully long for something everyone but a 5-year-old knows already, no matter how they remix it. They spend too much time on a sullen, easily influenced Batman who seems to care what other people say an awful lot for the Dark Knight. I wish they actually left time for the villain characters instead of having them there for 5-second action sequences once in awhile. I like Tim Burton's vision of Gotham far more as well. The only good thing is with the pointless reworking of Batman's history out of the way, the next movie should be able to focus on more interesting stuff.
B0009R1T7M|4.0|The songs are very nice and original.  I love the variety of instrumentals on this CD.  I am from Illinois, so I like it even more because some of the songs are Illinois related.
B0000024YL|5.0|Thanks for always have the old music I grew up with. I can not find most of this music at Cat's Music, but you have everything I need.
B00006EXDM|5.0|This sonically enhanced two-CD set provides seven years worth of vintage Stones from their peak period. Compare these delectable tracks to the rock music of today and one wonders where things went wrong in the mainstream. Melodic, meaningful, powerful and innovative, these Stones songs represent everything that is special about rock music.<br /><br />Although there's not one mediocre track here, my favorites include the bluesy Time Is On My Side, Heart Of Stone, Wild Horses and Ruby Tuesday (covered by Melanie Safka among others), the raucous rock of Satisfaction, Get Off My Cloud, Street Fighting Man and Brown Sugar, with songs of social comment (Mother's Little Helper, 19th Nervous Breakdown), and beautiful ballads: As Tears Go By (covered by inter alia Marianne Faithfull), Play With Fire and Paint It Black.<br /><br />The Stones must be the ultimate rock band, more influential than the Beatles in their 4 decades plus consistency and their exploration of the wilder side of life. This is an absolute masterpiece. If an alien came down and asked me to recommend some quality rock music, this album will top my list. It deserves 7 stars!
B00006J9OT|5.0|....this one would get them. I've written a couple of other five star reviews of Diana's records, and talked about the great material, and beautifully seductive voice. I even discussed the [limited] commercial value of sexy album jackets. It's all true.....<br /><br />....but this trumps it. Diana in the studio is fabulous, but Diana live, connecting with the audience and her band, goes way beyond that. You can feel the magic. Some singers live don't measure up [no names]. Others, like our dear Carly Simon, have to overcome massive stage fright. [Carly has only one live album, great as it is]... I have no idea how much stage fright Diana has [and stage fright is real; been there, done that. I'm lucky that I actually enjoy the feeling]. Some fortunate singers are actually improved by a real audience. Whatever Diana's feelings, she gives the audience [and us] her all. I've not heard Diana in person, but on this recording we can get the electricity of a special experience.<br /><br />Diana Krall is a treasure in earthen vessel....a beautiful girl, with a voice for the ages. If you're not familiar with her music, I'm sorry. If you only know her studio recordings, you've GOT to hear this.
B000OYC3J8|1.0|Hello World,<br />  Get some sun and get some lessons you two. Get out and go for a hike or a fishing trip. You two \\"winners\\" look like vampire zombies, who's songs interchange with songs from before. My God, Romero will be calling any day now! Anywho, onto the music... nice hooks but overused chords might pay to get some lessons from \\"better\\" guitarists. Dont be so vein Jacko... the likes of Derek Trucks and Dan Auerbach should help ya out, maybe? And to Miss White, sexual frustration shouldn't lead to killing a bass drum sweetie. WE HEAR IT ALREADY! Maybe Janet Weiss could help ya out with that one huh? The White Stripes is an understatement!!!!! These two are \\"The Ivory Barcodes\\" huh now thats fitting!!!!!!!!!!<br />  Enjoy Junk! (note:im nut rezpunsible fer n e mispellings)
B000Q79HS8|4.0|I enjoyed this movie even though I am not a huge fan of straight up action movies.  The camera work takes some getting used to.  After the first 10 minutes I thought I might get sick, but I got used to it.  This movie has a transitional feel to it- think Back to the Future 2 and the second Lord of the Rings movie etc.  There is an even better chase sequence in this film than in the first Bourne movie.  Matt Damon is good, Joan Allen is excellent as usual, and Julia Stiles has a very small part.
630521610X|4.0|If you have never seen this movie you have missed a good one.  Though it is not especially \\"scary\\" it is definitely addictive, bloody, captivating, fun, and innovative.  I believe that is why the movie has been such a classic for so long.  But what else would you expect from Wes Craven.  Easily the best slasher since Halloween.  A must have in any movie collection!
B000I2JDEY|5.0|Its by no means an easy movie to watch.  Its emotionally raw, amazingly gritty and at time just tasteless, but Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton show why they are stars in this movie.      Although on the surface this seems to be a movie about a self-distructive couples drug and alcohol endused night of terror with a second couple added for the mix, it ends up being so much more, it ends up be truely a love story.  One that might be unconventional and one I hope no one must endore in real life, but at the end this is a beautiful display of how two people can love each other some much that it becomes hatred and distructive.  To me its one of the greatest movies ever made.  You will need a nap after, trust me its not a fluff movie, but it one everyone should have in their collection just for the sheer genius of Elizabeth Taylor.  I hope you enjoy it and do not take this movie at its words but look deeper at what it is truely showing.
0938045695|4.0|Pavel's work is a real eye opener, easy to follow and humourous. I have spent a fortune on exercise equipment and sports clubs over the years but nothing compares to the strength and overall conditioning gains that I have made with kettlebells.   Minus points, there are more than 6 pages of Pavel adverts at the back of the book - Message to Pavel - \\"Comrade, we bought your book for the exercises and your knowledge not the adverts\\"
0316067598|5.0|This first person account gives a little glimpse into the world of our elite warrior class.  So long as there are violent forces of evil, there will need to be violent, and superior, forces of good.  Here we see the cutting-edge of what some patriots have called a high and holy calling.  Some may think the spiritual dimension in an operation like \\"Redwing\\" is a mistaken, after the fact justification.  But it is not.  It is at the heart of the discipline, dedication and goodness of men like Marcus Luttrell and his compatriots.  I speak from personal knowledge of one of those who gave all in the ultimately successful recovery of Marcus.  We salute you, sir!
B000PFUA9G|5.0|First - not typical trucks, drunken break-ups, sex-filled derogatory-ness!         I LOVED the \\"sneakiness\\" displayed in \\"Ticks\\" - - ;>)    Brad Paisley!  You ROCK!  aaaaaaand your Grandfather would be VERY tickled for you, Kim & Huck - - -    I thank God for you & your freshness!                              JJ
B000HEWEDK|5.0|I got this dc set for my husband's birthady as it is his favorite movie of all time. He loves having it in CD now and especially likes the special 2 disc edition.
B000065BPB|5.0|I use these for recording bass and guitar tracks, and they are outstanding. The bass is so rich and full, even at the lowest tones. These are ideal when playing a guitar through a Line6 effect Pod, you can really have some fun and you don't have to wake up your neighbors, or your wife.
0784011176|5.0|I had not seen this movie until now.  I now see Harvey Keitel and Holly Hunter in a new light.  Their performances were amazing.  The movie was beautiful and stirring in so many ways.  While dream like, there is an great realness to the beautiful love that develops in a non-stereotypical way.  I have to own this movie so that I can periodically view this special story.
0930289528|5.0|Alan Moore is an amazing political writer. If you liked the movie you'll like the book.
B000NVIXFK|2.0|This, unfortunatly, is the first Rush review that I have written. Unfortunatly this album really has no memerable songs on it at all. Although the muscianship is there, the songs are extremely flat and lifeless. Though the acoustic and instrumentals do stand out and the writing (thanks to that genius Neil Peart) do shed some light, this album does not stand up to previous albums. Some of the album sounds like rehashes of their earlier stuff. They suprisingly are not breaking new ground here. I do understand that Rush have been together for thirty plus years. They are allowed to make a sub par album for once in that time span. So, they get a free pass from me.
B000RIHBIE|5.0|Underclass Hero is one of Sum 41's best.  Though it doesn't sound like the Sum 41 you are used to hearing.  This is more of a mature version of the band.  All Killer No Filler and Does This Look Infected were more punk sarcastic rock. Here is a song by song guide...    1. Underclass Hero - Great song, a mix of good guitar solos and a catchy tune...  A-    2. Walking Disaster - Starts off slow speeds up, pretty good song... B    3. Speak Of The Devil - Really good song, I love it. A-    4. Dear Father - Another great song, heartfelt and slower.  B    5. Count Your Last Blessings - WOW Best song on the CD. Real hip and fast! A++    6. Ma Poubelle - Umm... like nothing I've ever heard before.  You be the judge    7. March Of The Dogs - Great song that bashes Bush hardcore.  A    8. The Jester - Umm interesting and hip, good song.  B+    9. With Me - Great song!  A    10. Pull The Curtain - Fun song fast tempo and very catchy.  A-    11. King Of Contradiction - Average song... not great not bad.  C+    12. Best Of Me - - Pretty good...  B    13. Confusion And Frustration In Modern Times - Another great song!  B+    14. So Long Goodbye - Average... C        Overally great album, worth the price of paying for it!
B00005JMK0|5.0|It is simply amazing, with so many, many fans of this movie here in the United States, that this movie has not been released on DVD.  Money is no object!  Do you want this money?  We will immediately and gladly fork it out!  Release \\"ELECTRIC DREAMS\\" on DVD, and you will be astonished how fast you will realize a profit.  Electric Dreams is truely an American classic.  What are you waiting for?  Can't you hear the voice of the American masses clamoring for the release of this incredible movie on DVD?  We have all bought your movies in the past; well, we want and demand that you release this great movie on DVD for our viewing pleasure.
B000ICM5IK|5.0|This CD is a collection of the best loved tunes from all the Rocky movies, with some memorable instrumentals thrown in.  Certain tunes like \\"Mickey\\" and \\"Alone in the Ring\\" will be recognizable in the latest Rocky Balboa movie, and one that has been in all 6 movies \\"Take you back,\\" is a favorite of mine (and Sylvester's too, I think!)  There are even snippets of voice dialogue from the movies to introduce some of the songs, which is a nice touch.
078401213X|4.0|pi should have been called phi, which they refer to as theta in the movie.    well done for so cheap.
B00005JPRT|5.0|I saw this last weekend. It's a simple story with wonderful chemistry/friendship between the two main characters. The music is really passionate, heartfelt, and it continues throughout the film. I have been blogging about this film, telling everyone I know that they must see it. To see the scenes where these characters are making music together. It's hard to explain just how beautiful it is to watch and to hear. I had the songs in my head the whole night and next day. I ordered the soundtrack right away and downloaded a few from blogs just to last me until the CD arrived. I will buy this film the instant it is released and plan to watch it regularly. If you don't like this film, I have to question your capacity to feel!!
B000EYK4GW|5.0|My kids love these timeless classics just as much as I did.  I only wish that Disney wouldn't be so stingy and would sell all of them all of the time. I also wish that these were in the movie theaters all the time. I would love to see this on the big screen with my son and have him eat popcorn with other kids oohing and aahhing just like he is doing.
B000O5AYCA|5.0|Along with Canada's [[ASIN:B000M06KCA The Besnard Lakes]] and [[ASIN:B000TMWUAW Stars]], The National are by far above the rest of the musical spectrum this year. But not only have they outdone other bands: compared to their previous works, \\"Boxer\\" scores easily as their best album too.<br /><br />While their sound will remind you of numerous other groups (Joy Division, Radiohead, The Cure, Interpol), Matt Berninger's voice gives them a uniqueness that you will long for while the album is out of your reach.
B000E1ZBFY|5.0|This movie by far is the best and most accurate biographical movie about Pope John Paul II.  There is a second part that is soon to come out in DVD called \\"Karol:  The Pope who remained a man\\" which portrays the papacy of JPII.  This movie shows his early life culminating in his election to the papacy in 1978.  It has brilliant international actors who play their parts superbly like Hristo Shopov (Pontius Pilate from \\"The Passion of the Christ\\") who plays a major part as the Communist agent who persecuted Karol Wojtyla for many years and Raoul Bova (who brilliantly plays the future Pope's brave friend and priest during World War II).  If one really wants to understand Poland under Nazi and Communist occupation and understand how Karol Wojtyla developed his vocation, this is the movie to watch.  And watch for the sequel \\"Karol: The Pope who remained a man\\", it is equally as good.
1594489505|4.0|I really enjoyed reading Hosseini's latest book.  However, I loved the Kite Runner even more.  I have learned so much about Afghanistan and the surrounding region from these two books.  The story of Mariam, Rasheed, Laila and Tariq is unforgettable.
B000A1ENCU|5.0|This is one of the classics of cinema.  A truly flawless movie in its acting and cinematography.  If you are a Catholic, you will especially enjoy this movie, since it is based on the early Christian beliefs about the life of Saint Peter as the first Bishop of Rome and Pope.
1594489505|5.0|I loved Kite Runner, this book was even better!  I had to make myself put it down so I wouldn't finish it too quick.  I still read it in 4 days.  Hosseini makes you feel like you are with the main characters throughout the entire story.
B00004W52U|5.0|husker du-zen arcade: classic  dinosaur jr-you're living all over me: classic  built to spill- well anything by them is classic  uncle tupelo- no depression: classic  pavement-slanted and enchanted: classic  replacements-let it be: classic  the pogues-and i shall fall from the grace of god:classic  neutral milk hotel-on avery island:classic  minutemen-double nickels on the dime:classic  pixies-doolittle:classic  descendents-milo goes to college:classic  black flag-early years: classic    and finally  operation ivy-energy,seedy,plea for peace: classic      may the test of time be standed, we are ready
B000LXH0AE|5.0|This movie made me a Will Ferrell fan for life. The rest of the cast is great, too. Such an interesting script. Just so unique, and so well done. I bought it, and watch it quite often. Fantastic film.
B000I9HPDS|4.0|I saw this movie on tv during my first trip to the USA in 1981. It was showing in the hotel where I was staying in San Francisco. It somehow became permanently imprinted in my mind. It is a wonderful movie with a great musical score, Omar Sharif's acting was excellent---as always. Good movie for the heart and soul. RFT
B000MQC9H4|5.0|The movie is so delightful.  It has now become one of my favorite romatic comedys that I watch over and over again.  I was also satisfied with the cost and how the movie arrived (in excellent condition and timely).
B00005JM02|5.0|I love all the Disney classics, and for years I didn't want to see this movie thinking it wasn't the \\"real deal\\". Well.... I was wrong! It might be different, but is a great movie..... The story, the colors, the pictures... everything is Disney quality. My little girl, now almost 3 years old, has been watching it for 6 months now, sometimes up to 3 times a day, and never gets tired. And I have to say that I watch it with her most of the times....
B000P2A24W|5.0|I loved it; vocals and instrumentals were strong.  My personal favorite is \\"One Step Closer\\", but I loved all the tracks.  If Bon Jovi is selling out, then I am going with them!
0446677450|4.0|In this day and age where priority of spending money is blurred by so many commercial offerings, I definitely recommend to the people starting out, such as a young couple.  I may not agree with everything that is said in the book, however the basic approach to financial wealth is fully covered.  If you are financial savy, it will confirm your beliefs.  If you not financially focused, this book should help you get your thoughts going.  I read this book few years ago and ideas are not neccessarily new, but it certainly helps you get reminded about how you should approach financial freedom.
B0000E6XH3|5.0|Daft Punk is one of my favourite artist ever. they changed the game in house/dance music. DISCOVERY is one of my favourite LPs of all time. there was such a variety of music on the LP ranging from house to r&b to rock to funk that you cant label it just dance.  when i saw the first 4 videos i didnt kno they were part of a movie. i finally bought the DVD and watched the entire thing and was hooked. there is no dialogue but you get so attached to each song/scene as the movie plays.    its just great how each scene going with the music that keeps you on the edge of your seat. my favourite song on the LP and my favourite scene in the movie is 'superheros'. i just love the was that they had the orchestra and the hero swooping down to save the aliens.     the only thing i did not like about the DVD is that the special features are hard to understand since they dont label them. so if you wanna watch the features then you HAVE to watch all of them just to know which one is which...    i recommmend this movie to anyone that loves a great anime with excellent music.    5 stars out of 5
B000B6CODO|2.0|This movie is too scary for kids...with all kinds of dark scary things manifesting from out of walls and sucking you in...and for adults too dumb. Perhaps the silliest thing is that Robin Williams' character has spent most of his life \\"in the game\\" and was living as a knife-wielding jungle-man...and then he decides to play again once he comes back...and what happened...just sits down with two kids, and a woman...that's it. Oh my God, what an idiot. I would get guns (rifles and shotguns), machetes, gear, etc...and when I started playing again I would be so so very much better prepared to deal with all the stuff that comes at you. Little kids might overlook this point and so might others, but you won't now that you've read this..<br /><br />Don't watch this movie: duh.
B000Q6GXW2|1.0|Beautiful images, bad movie. A haf-page script, 3 lines of dialog, sounds like an unfinished PS1 videogame intro. And the HD ? same quality as the DVD.
0553383663|5.0|Dear All,     Its very good book, i have never seen before. its good and it needs really a very good time to read about it & to get in touch with that one.    My name is Mohammed Tantawi & in case of you need any thing to return back to me, please feel free & here is my E-mail as well.    [...]
B000EHSVQ4|5.0|I don't know who the \\"powers that be\\" that control the final cut of these movies are, but they really messed this movie up completely. I mean the story makes so much more sense in this cut and the characters are better fleshed out!! It is really sad what the movie making process did to the theatrical version.    If you thought that the original theatrical cut seemed a little \\"off\\" and the story didn't quite make it... Well check this out...
B00005O3VC|5.0|is the best.  I love this movie, and the DVD came in record time!
B000F1IQN2|4.0|Do not believe hype nor hate and find out for yourself.  I find it funny that certain uh..people of a certain religious background are piping in saying this is false or wrong or that the Mossad should not have continued the cycle of violence.  Well golly gee easy to say after the fact that the moz-lem extremists wasted a bunch of innocent athletes.  This story is about Justice, not revenge.  It is too bad that they stopped at seven and just kept going...and going...
0061122416|5.0|Trying to make a change in your life? transform the everyday into your life dreams, this fable is a great inspiration to anyone on any journey of desire.
B000002UQJ|5.0|another great c/d 1st one i got i played it to the ground,well i had to replace it.
B000F1IQNM|5.0|Emma Thompson, Colin Firth and all the children are delightful; especially Thomas Sangler. I want to adopt him!!!
B000PFU7OO|5.0|If I could give it more stars I would. Went into see this movie that my husband had picked out. He said it was described as an unusual musical. That's all I knew. I loved this movie so much. Couldn't get the tunes out of my head. Went home right after the movie and bought the CD on Amazon. Went to see it again and brought my brother-in-law and his wife to see it. They loved it. I had already bought two CD's (planned on giving them one) even before they had seen the movie. This is one of those inexpensive movies that become an incredible hit. Trust me, go and see it.
B000OPOANE|5.0|RUSH is on the cutting edge of recording technology here.<br />You gotta hear the quality of this 5.1 mix.<br />Fans will love all the interviews and behind the scenes video.<br />RUSH just seems to get better and better.
B0007LXPBI|5.0|Actually, this is not just a re-make of the Haley Mills movie, but the story line was updated a little.  Personally, I like this move better than the original.  The behind-the-scenes stuff is also interesting.
B000244EMO|5.0|Schwarzenegger + guns + aliens. 'Nuff said. It's a must have for any man's dvd collection.
B000P2A24W|5.0|This CD pulled you right back to what TRUE Rock N Roll is -- GREAT CD -- Bon Jovi once again pulled this off --- From Fast tracks to the slow songs you will not be sorry for buying this cd.
B000P0J024|5.0|I love the music of The Travelling Wilburys on the two discs here.  I also enjoyed watching the videos on the DVD.  \\"Handle With Care\\" and \\"End Of The Line\\" are my favorite tracks.  I love George Harrison singing lead vocals on these  classic tunes.  \\"She's My Baby\\" is an excellent rock and roll song.  I love Jeff Lynne's electric guitar playing on this track.  \\"The Wilbury Twist\\" is a fun upbeat track.  I love Tom's Petty's vocals.  Not Alone Any More is another highlight here.  Roy Orbison's voice is so heartfelt on this track.  Bob Dylan shines on the tracks \\"Inside Out\\" on \\"Dirty World\\". He is the member of the group I knew least about.  He is a very good singer.  \\"New Blue Moon\\" is a perfect example of how well these musicians sound together.  This is fun music.
B00005JPAO|5.0|Let me start by saying I think the idea of a Queen in modern times is a bit outdated and silly, however this film reminds us of something even MORE SILLY.... and that is the modern fascination of the general public over celebrities.<br /><br />It is amazing and unbelievable to me that the media has been able to generate such a \\"mythological importance\\" to Princess Diana that people in the general public who of course never knew her will camp out in the streets, cry and mourn for a literal stranger they have only seen in the news.<br /><br />It's a weird modern mass media phenomenon.<br /><br />This film reminds me of how the Queen was unfairly criticized by the media and public over not seeming emotional enough about Diana's death.<br /><br />Not to detract from Diana, buts lets face reality....... it's a Cinderella story gone bad.<br /><br />She was an immature girl who married into royalty, never appreciated the responsibility of the role and thus like a spoiled kid lashed out at the century old establishment.<br />Then she tried to establish her own identity as a caring person by being involved with humanitarian efforts while partying it up with controversial figures who she knew would cast a poor light on Mother England.<br /><br />I don't dislike Diana, but I do question the \\"saint-like\\" mythology that has been generated about her while the general public conveniently forgets the reality of who she was and what she did.
B000SQFC0E|4.0|There was a time when video games were so graphically simple it's hard to describe why they appealed to us.  But they did; we'd never had anything like them.  I know I spent hours putting quarters into astroids and centipede.  The basis of this movie starts here, with Alex, a kid from a trailer park who is so good at a video game that he is asked to come and be a pilot in a galactic war.  You see, the video games were placed on Earth to find earthlings who would be good at fighting.  Of course Alex can't tell his family what he's doing or just disappear, so a robot Alex is left behind for his bewildered family and girlfriend to deal with.  While this movie is not original in plotline and the special effects are completely laughable by today's standards, it is a sweet movie from a very important time in my life.  I don't know how it will look in 1080p, but I know I've caught reruns on TV through the years and always enjoyed repeat viewing.  Not many movies can boast that.  Long live the 80s!
B000OLX4SU|4.0|This is a particularly dark adaptation of the Frankenstein story, with a chillingly gothic sense of atmosphere. Branagh also succeeds in bringing a Shakesperian level of tragedy to the drama, rather than falling into the trap of focusing too exclusively on the macabre. De Niro makes a particularly fine re-animated creature, offering a suitable sense of pathos and frustratation at the lack of acceptance which ultimately provokes furious belligerence. His monster is one to be pitied as much as feared. The performance is far superior to Luke Goss' effort in the more recent adaptation (although it's hardly surprising that a veteran actor has more to offer than a man whose greatest achievement is former-membership of the band 'Bros'). Branagh takes us back to the gritty roots of Mary Shelley's literary classic. His obvious in-depth knowledge of the original story lends a real air of authenticity, with none of the external clich&eacute;s that are so often attached by those who are blissfully unaware of the original text. His only glaring error comes in the reference to the monster's creator as 'Frankenstein'. As everyone knows, Frankenstein is the monster's name.
B000R9J3X4|3.0|the remastered sound and collection of essential songs from the first 2 garbage albums alone make this worthwhile.  however, it is skimpy on 'beautifulgarbage' material (\\"androgyny\\" anyone?), and drops at least one if not 2 worthy inclusions from 'bleed like me.'  the garbage mixes disc would be killer had they not edited almost every mix from its original length.  the version of \\"#1 crush\\" on disc 1 is from 'romeo + juliet,' which is the nellee hooper remix.  the original (from 'subhuman [\\"vow\\"]') is still a stray b-side.  one day there will almost inevitably be remastered versions of the garbage albums, hopefully with a pertinent bonus disc with the full versions of the remixes from each album as well as matching b-sides, if not a garbage b-side collection unto itself.  until then, this is the most up to date mastering of the songs included, shame the songs on disc 2 are edited, it could have been \\"absolute.\\"
B0000AOV85|5.0|As I was starting to lose faith in Pink Floyd DVD's, I caught this last night on MuchMoreMusic, and I was stunned completely! There are interviews with NOT JUST CRITICS, but with the band too. There are even peformances!<br /><br />The footage is remastered, and you even get recording footage of the album, plus interviews with the producers and stuff. This, my friends, is called In-Depth Research. I am impressed that Classic Albums had the guts to make such a fascinating documentary like this!<br /><br />So if you are a fan of Pink Floyd, get this!
B000R9J3XE|4.0|the remastered sound and collection of essential songs from the first 2 garbage albums alone make this worthwhile. however, it is skimpy on 'beautifulgarbage' material (\\"androgyny\\" anyone?), and drops at least one if not 2 worthy inclusions from 'bleed like me.' the version of \\"#1 crush\\" is from 'romeo + juliet,' which is the nellee hooper remix. the original (from 'subhuman [\\"vow\\"]') is still a stray b-side. apart from the aforementioned omissions, this is the most up to date mastering of the songs that are included.  great mix for those that are unfamiliar with the band, and almost \\"absolute\\" for those that aren't.
0743454529|1.0|Many reviewers here who gave this book one or two stars did so because of the awful ending.  I'm here to tell you that the book is bad from cover to cover.  As for the ending, it didn't even irritate me.  It was just more of the same pointless, shallow stuff.    Another reviewer wrote, \\"There are so many coincidences in this book it makes Jane Eyre look realistic.\\"  That would have been okay if, like Jane Eyre, the book had any emotional or moral relevance whatsoever.  It doesn't.  An algebra book has more emotional content, and Aesop's fables offer more truth.    The changing fonts, the self-conscious prose, the totally unrealistic 13-year-old, the lack of voice (I kept having to check to see which character was narrating anyhow)...all of these were annoying.  I kept reading, though, because of the interesting premise:  A girl sues her parents because she doesn't want to donate organs to her sister.  But then I learned, because two doctors in the book insisted, that no doctor would ever take an organ from an unwilling donor!  So why on earth does Anna need a lawsuit?  The whole plot -- poof! -- just collapses right there.  That's what really ended the book for me.    Jodi Picoult needs to get a real editor.  A good editor wouldn't have let her even write this book until she was ready to do it right.
0439813786|5.0|My six-year-old and I just finished reading Brian Selznick's The Invention of Hugo Cabret. What a fabulous book, in terms of story, illustration and print production. The concept is brilliant: Selznick breaks up the three inter-related mysteries of a young orphan living inside the walls of a Paris train station with movie stills and his own pencil illustrations. The most compelling aspect, however, is the unusual story of a mechanically gifted boy who finds a broken automaton and fixes its clockwork innards in hopes of receiving a loving message. Our love-hate relationship with machines is often the nexus of books that explore the darker side of the equation. Few delve into the beauty and wonder of machines the way this one does.<br /><br />At the end of the book, Selznick explains his inspiration:<br /><br />  \\"I had long wanted to write a story about [early movie director] Georges Melies, but it wasn't until I read a book called Edison' Eve: A Magical History of the Quest for Mechanical Life by Gaby Wood that this story began to really take shape. The book discussed Melies' collection of automata, which was donated to a museum, where it was neglected in a damp attic and eventually thrown away. I imagined a boy finding those machines in the garbage, and at that moment, Hugo and this story were born.\\"<br /><br />Selznick helpfully includes a link to the Maillardet automaton, which was built circa 1800 and donated in 1928 to the Franklin Institute:<br /><br />  \\"When the repairs were completed and the driving motors were set in motion, the Automaton came to life. It lowered its head, positioned its pen, and began to produce elaborate sketches. Four drawings and three poems later, in the border surrounding the final poem, the Automaton clearly wrote, \\"Ecrit par L'Automate de Maillardet.\\" This translates to \\"Written by the Automaton of Maillardet.\\" Amazingly, the first clue of the true history and identity of the machine had come from its own mechanical memory!\\"<br /><br />The site has pictures of the automaton's sketches and a poem. Apparently, while Maillardet made many automata, only one other could write--in Chinese--and it was King George III's gift to China's Emperor.<br /><br />What a glorious use of old and new media, including the Internet, by Selznick!automaton's sketches and a poem. Apparently, while Maillardet made many automata, only one other could write--in Chinese--and it was King George III's gift to China's Emperor.    What a glorious use of old and new media, including the Internet, by Selznick!
1400032717|5.0|Incredible story! Well-crafted, well-written, compelling read about a boy considered strange and disturbed by those who only see his outward behavior but who is oh so human when his inner world is revealed!
B00006LPER|4.0|Sad in a sick twisted way. Most depressing? maybe. The story is about an uptight sexually repressed piano teacher who lives with her old mother. Also the students she teaches. She has a gift for music and comes off as very intelligent yet emotionless.  One of her younger students falls in love with her, attempts to seduce her and she keeps trying to control him and use him for her warped version of love. I still cant tell if she really loved him or not. It seems the only time she feels anything is when shes inflicting pain on herself or pain on others, even the student who loves her.<br /><br />She makes him do certain things and will deny his affections. Then when he does what she supposedly wanted him to do which was disturbing in itself, she is still just sitting there with no emotion at all. This woman was definitely mentally ill and i tried to understand her character but there wasnt really enough information. I dont want to give away the ending but the whole movie is a downer. I didnt understand what happened at the end or what became of her but i have to say this, this is probably the saddest portrayal of anyone ive ever seen on film. I still cant tell what exactly made her that way. Is she a sociopath? Was she abused at some point? Its a slow moving film but effective.
1582701709|1.0|The author simply made the book up--it is not based on anything real.  The only people who will believe what is written in it are new-agers who are gullible and who eschew rational thinking.  For these folks, truth is what you make it to be and it is always convenient (picture an ostrich with its head in the sand).  However, reality often presents inconvenient truths that can't be changed simply by wishing differently.  This is another example of silly postmodern irrationalism.  Nuts.
1592402690|5.0|For the Beatle fan as well as the audiophile, this book provides an insight on the history of The Beatles that has never been told before.  In the memories and words of the man that broke every recording rule of the 60s and the 70s to record the music of the most successful band in history, Geoff Emerick tells the intimate story of how he helped give The Beatles their unique sound.  After you finish this book, you will never listen to another song by The Beatles the same way again.<br /><br />Mr. Emerick gives us a humble yet inside account of his recording career with the most famous group of our time.  Once you start reading this book, you won't be able to put it down.  Then, once you're finished, you will use it as reference while you re-listen to the music all over again.<br /><br />Enjoy!
0517053616|5.0|Let's face it, there are better editions of Shakespeare out there.  You get what you pay for.  This is not a top of the line leather edition.  For the price, though, you can't beat it.  It is what it is, a reasonably priced leather edition of his complete works.  No household should be without one.
B000PTYP5C|4.0|This band still rules!! Just saw them in San Diego on the first nite of the tour.(July 24, 2007) They played every song on this CD. Great stuff!!  I bought the CD that comes with the Bonus DVD. It has all behind the scenes at the recording of this CD. Pretty cool stuff. Portnoy is funny, with his Ali G impersonations. This is a great CD!! A must for all Dream Theater fans.
B000PFUA9G|5.0|The cd is great as any other Brad's work so far. Great lyrics, great music... what can I say, For country lovers, this is a must. Regarding amazon service and delivery, as usual also, it was great and super fast. That's why I'm a regular customer.
B000R8YC1I|5.0|Organic over CGI any day! There is an intimate feeling in this fantasy film that is all too often lost in the sterility of computer animation these days. Even with texture rendering abilities breaking new ground everyday, in my opinion there's still nothing comparable to the soft magic which Jim Henson has created here. A team of creative wizards, free from the bonds of a cubicle, are literally submerged into the world of their creation. The Dark Crystal changed my understanding of puppetry forever....previously associated with the more simplistic creations viewed on television shows like Sesame Street & The Muppets, their full potential is revealed here! Some how, the more bazaar and unusual the characters become, the more real they seem to be.<br />Enjoy this film; it may be one of a kind!<br />This 25 year Anniversary Edition should be something Special! Damn...was it really that long ago?
0855329483|5.0|Concisely written, excellent photography. If you are continuing on past the beginner book, this one takes you to the next level.  Highly recommended.
B000H7J9RQ|3.0|It was \\"ok\\" but if you really want a good show...buy \\"The Concert\\" but true fans will want it just for their collection...
0194001016|4.0|When it comes to learning proper English, whether British or American, the Oxford Advanced Learner's Dictionary remains a step ahead of the competition.  I owned 2 prior editions of the OALD, and both times thought it could not have been possibly improved.   I was wrong.  The 7th edition is better and more useful than ever before.  I really recommend going with the hardcover version, as one of my previous OALD paperbacks fell apart within a year.     There is only one serious gripe that I have with this book.  The publisher has removed the venerable Oxford University Coat of Arms from the covers of the dictionary.  It was a famous and easily identifiable seal imprinted on all Oxford Dictionaries, and standing for their legendary lexicographic quality.  The motto \\"Dominus Illuminatio Mea\\" (The Lord is My Light) paid tribute to the origins of Oxford University.  As it appears, the publishers have become so neutered as to give in to the pressures of \\"political sensitivity\\".  I am sure the Oxford University Press can come up with all sorts of feeble and catatonic explanations in defence of their move, but the lost respect is hard to regain.
B000ICLRIE|5.0|Although this Blu-Ray edition does not have the supplements as the normal DVD version, it is still worth the buy. If you are just getting into the Blu-Ray family, this movie will make you proud. Not only is the picture & sound quality amazing but the movie itself is great. I have notice not all Blu-Ray movie tranfers are amazing due to which studio is doing the transfers. So far in my experience, 20 Century Fox Blu-Ray movies look the best hands down! And this movie is by that studio. So do not be shy, get out there Blu-Ray family and purchase this film, well worth the Buck!
B00003CXAT|5.0|This is a great DVD for the Jurassic Park fans.  In the first place, you get the movie in its original wide-screen format.  What makes it really rock is the bonus footage, including a couple of very well-filmed and informative episodes on the making of Jurassic Park.  I had almost as much fun watching these documentaries as I did the feature movie itself.
0380799006|5.0|great book!  i wish it was more easy to put it to practice, but that is not the fault of the authours.
B000EGDC14|5.0|Alot of people are giving this low ratings, and I can understand why.. compared to Goldfrapp's last 2 albums, this one doesn't quite live up. It's like a watered down Black Cherry, but if you put this album against anything else besides a Goldfrapp album, it would have 5/5 stars. The album is filled with great pop songs that you can listen to all the way through. It isn't dreary, surreal, and atmospheric like Felt Mountain, nor is it raw & rough like Black Cherry. It's just a pure pop album. Basically, it is Goldfrapp's Kylie album. Just good, fun dancing music. You can't go wrong with that!    Highlights for me include: You Never Know, Let It Take You, Satin Chic, & Number 1.    They are currently working on their 4th album which is due for release in late 2007. Rumors have it that it will be a completely different style from the trip-hoppy Felt Mountain, the industrial Black Cherry, and the disco Supernature. I'm quite excited!! Keep your eyelids peeled back with some superglue, they're on their way!
1881273156|5.0|This book was an easy read / easy to understand book. Every married couple should have this book. I am thinking of giving it for a wedding gift.
B0002J4X1Q|4.0|This 1st Resident Evil movie directed by AVP director Paul W. S. Anderson was actually pretty darn good. Much better than the next movie in this trilogy, Apocalypse. (But the next one, Extinction, looks the very best!)    But this 1st movie was a thrill ride with solid acting and good action sequences, some never seen before, which is always a good thing. And it ends with a shocker! Leaving the movie watcher wanting more.    Milla Jovovich does her best acting thus far in this movie, carrying the movie that most action women can't do. She didn't do the 2nd movie justice, and didn't look as good either. But then, the whole 2nd movie was a mess. Bad B movie.    This is a B-movie that looks and acts like a grade A movie.    And the third one - Extinction - coming out this September looks like the biggest and best one thus far. Looking forward to it.
B0000028UK|1.0|Didn't like it. If you only like/know them from Mtv/radio play, I think your'e better off grabbing the Rearview Mirror comp. I hear alot of people call this their favorite so I tried it for cheap. I still like the hits, so I might pick up Rearview myself.
B000R7GKQE|5.0|In fall of 2005 when the new television line-up was paraded out for all to see an overlying theme was prevalent in several new shows: horror. Surprisingly, the new genre has produced some of the most entertaining television in years. The WB, a fledgling network in comparison to its older siblings, has launched a television show that not only embodies the spirit of this new horror fascination, its very title defines the current obsession dominating the entertainment industry: Supernatural.    America's newest preoccupation with death, life after death, and in general all things spooky have produced some pretty interesting television shows these past few seasons. After all, art imitates life, and on the television show Supernatural even art can be both haunted and dangerous. The WB's newest journey into the unexplained is a fiction drama called Supernatural that follows the journey of two brothers who travel the highways of the United States searching for the origins of unexplained tragedy. Every week Dean and Sam Winchester scour the Internet and various newspapers looking for mysterious crimes, bizarre accidents, and unsolved murders. The brothers travel every episode to a new location on an endless road trip with the purpose of silencing the evil that few only know about. Most of the time the brothers find themselves facing off against the inspiration of a well-known ghost or horror story. It's when they find these urban legends or at least the ideas that inspire them that the plot line takes on a whole new level of interest. The fact that a show like Supernatural has a plot at all is amazing. The horror genre is not known for riveting story lines. In Supernatural the plot is detailed and focused and most often is the driving force behind any of the action. Sometimes the plot line can be so involving it becomes a character of its own, just as important, if not more than the show's two male leads.    Women, with few exceptions, are usually damsels in distress for the boys to rescue. Every week either Dean or Sam falls in love with the female the Winchester boys happen to be helping. The only strong female roles seem to belong to women who are supernatural by nature, whether they are ghosts, psychics, or demons. Just recently, there was an episode involving a young woman who was a love interest for Sam and fought along side him. It was an interesting episode, the young woman brought up the issue that women were not just creatures to protect or fear and Sam's obvious conflict with the idea as he claims that every woman around him gets hurt or killed. On a side note, the killer of the week in this same episode was the ghost of a small female child. This was a nice commentary on the internal debate going on between the main characters. This seemingly harmless little girl who appears to be the victim ends up being a formidable villain. Nothing is what it seems. Driven by two strong female characters, the episode is resolved when Sam accepts the idea of getting involved with his most recent love opportunity.  This was quite the huge score for the ladies in that episode.      A theme addressed in almost every episode is family. Dean and Sam are brothers and when one is in trouble the other will stop at nothing to come to any rescue. John Winchester, the patriarch of this crusading clan isn't around much. In fact, an on-going sub-plot of the first season was the brothers' mission to find their father as he had gone missing on a demon hunt. As unusual as the Winchester family appears, when together, they are a strong force to be reckoned with.      Father/son issues, brother issues, lost love issues; general angst rules the relationships that dominate the main characters of this show.  These men are human; they have very human problems even if what they do for a living is very inhuman. These problems, heightened by unusual circumstances, relate the characters to the show's audience. It's refreshing to see two brothers who care about each other, who miss each other and connect by way of a relationship not overcast by testosterone on television. The humanity of the show is just as important as the fantasy. It keeps the viewers involved.                     Analyzing aside, this is one of the best shows that TV has offered the horror/ sci-fi/ fantasy community in a hell of a long time.  After being frustrated by horribly written clunkers like LOST that just keep viewers positively \\"lost\\" in an ever changing plotline, Supernatural actually delivers on the mysteries it presents each week. Sure there are questions about the bigger plot, but secrets are like promises, and when TV shows don't keep their word viewers get frustrated. Supernatural is a fun, fulfilling TV show worthy of praise! I hope that the viewers keep watching and show the big bag networks who's really in charge, (US!) and what we really want!
B00004ZB9D|4.0|I heard this at my last job about a year ago when one of the A/V Techs played it. It's cool, standard Kravitz, it's got \\"Mr. Cab Driver\\".Cool driving/Sunday cd. Should be cheap here. Check it out.
0060578793|5.0|I bought this book for my son in addition to \\"the dangerous book for boys\\"  This book is great for dads and their sons to read together.  The book talks about all kinds of survival topics.  It deals with life saving situations.  Dads if you love your sons and you want them to be prepared for thsoe times when using your head really matters.....this is the book.
B00003CXAA|5.0|I find very few films can stand up to multiple viewings. These can (yes, even the third with Sophia C's below par performance). The action and plotting are so wonderful that we're swiftly moved along in early viewings, but in subsequent viewings, there's so much more to be noticed and savored--tiny details (the motif of oranges, the pills that Micheal swallows on the train to see Hyman Roth) and passing lines of dialogue that inform and astound. The elements are so finely wrought, the characters so intelligently drawn, the drama so finely balanced (operatic without being melodramatic) these films are pure pleasure and pure art.
B000P2A24W|5.0|Jon has once again made NJ a proud State! His Music and Style will be remembered for a loooooong time.....\\"That why I love this town\\" should be a NJ anthem! He Rocks!
0765348276|3.0|Reading \\"Old Man's War\\" is a lot like having dinner with a friend you know too well--there are few surprises and some of the jokes are old, but in the end you enjoy the meal.    The narrator/protagonist is an engaging old coot and is at times pretty funny. The supporting cast serves up a few yucks as well, though it is hard to tell them apart. They blur together without any real distinction, other than the \\"gay\\" or \\"physicist\\" tag.    At times the writing is too talky and some of the bits go on too long, so feel free to skim ahead--you won't miss anything. The science is fairly pedestrian and somewhat dated, and the alien battles are more amusing than gripping.    Scalzi is not the next big thing. I just wish the critics weren't hyping him to be more than he is. If you approach this book without a lot of overblown expectations, you will find this novel a fun escape.
8489367116|5.0|My friend asked a favor, \\"could you please read the first 4 pages and tell me if this book is any good\\". I was hooked after page two! The descriptions are so vivid, it transports you into the loving arms of an exciting, seedy, complex, Indian slum underworld. Fugitives, listen up cause the author describes in detail how to escape from a maximum security prison, forge a passport, trade currency in the black market,  and bribe government officials.
B000OQF6N6|1.0|I loved the Smashing Pumpkins, and basically anything Billy Corgan touched up to even Machina.  I can honestly say, they (he) changed my life with Siamese Dream, Mellon Collie, and all the b-sides and side projects in between.  I remember him saying in a interview when the band finally broke up for good, \\"I just want to stop before people stop caring.\\"  After this album, I no longer care.  Zwan, the solo album were forgivable, but this is disgraceful and a shameful to a new level.  I tried to listen to this album over and over, thinking it will click or I'll get it, but no, there's very little magic left at all in Billy's creativity tank. For example:<br />\\"I'm gonna make it I'll take it<br />Like everybody else<br />Belle of the fawning<br />I'm yawning...\\"<br />It isn't just the lame lyrics, it's the way he sings it, the effects they use, the everything. This reminds me of when I found out Santa Clause wasn't real, or when Jordan came out of retirement.  Nothing is so good or bad that it can last forever; he should have left it be (Lucas should have left Star Wars be), he's going to discredit all previous work if he doesn't stop after this album. The magic is gone, his true fans who were truly changed by him are looking (listening) for something that isn't there.  I'M YAWNING
B00005S6K8|5.0|Now I admit, I am very biased with this movie because my mother named me after the 1st film, so for me to be a fan of this movie is something of a no-brainer. I own both versions, and I really think each movie should be judged by its own merits. However, if I have to choose which I favor, it would have to be the 1995 re-make because I feel that it speaks more to my generation that the earlier version.     Of course, Humphrey Bogart is the strong, silent type, and Audrey Hepburn is the epitome of elegance, and they played their roles in a way that was accurate and appropriate for 1954, but let's face it, Audrey's sort of elegance for many today is somewhat unattainable. I liked the way Julia Ormond interpreted Sabrina because while she is played as savvy, she is still somewhat vulnerable, and not afraid to be so. I also liked the way she brings out the vulnerability and tenderness in Linus \\"the world's only living heart donor\\" as played by Harrison Ford.    A few other reasons why I appreciate the remake?     The various characters were better developed in the 2d movie. In the original it was as though they were blending in with the furniture. Linus's admin just cracked me up with her dry humor. The mother was pretty funny at points, too. I also liked the fact that Elizabeth Tyson is played up more intelligently in the re-make than in the original...and that despite the temptation in the end, David honors his commitment to Elizabeth in the end. About the only \\"airhead\\" was the Angie Dickenson character, but even that role was humorous. I cracked up watching her be all flirty with Linus at the dinner.    Recently, I had a chance to read the entire script from the original 1953 Samuel Taylor play entitled Sabrina Fair: A Woman Of The World. I discovered that the 1995 movie is actually closer to the script of the play than the 1954 movie.  In the original movie, there's no mention of the fact that Fairchild, the chauffer having become a millionaire over the years by listening into Larabee Sr.'s transactions, but the play and the remake do mention it. I feel that part is essential to the story as part of the issue in both movies was class distinction...albeit moreso in the former than in the latter.    My only complaint? I used to have this movie in VHS, and that version included a video of Sting singing the song \\"Moonlight.\\"  I was disappointed that the DVD did not include this beautiful song.
B000E6UK32|5.0|I was quite impressed with this DVD/CD. I actually bought the album just for one song-Riders/Rapture. The young ones look and listen to Debbie Harry as their Grammy, but those of us who started with Bill Haley and the Comets find that she and Blondie \\"still\\" have it. The very fact that \\"Riders on the Storm\\" goes with \\"Rapture\\"s music is mind boggling.  Blondie's tunes allow me to work at my computer even with intense work on my part. For a greatest hits album this is a great album even if the youngsters think it's not contemporary with the rap songs. Where I grew up we'd call Blondie a wicked, hot band.  Thanks to the person who put the \\"Riders/Rapture\\" DVD on YouTube. I wouldn't have known nor stumbled on it.
B00008RH3L|5.0|Or the Rugs and the Hats. Finney wears both. At a lower level: the Gorilla meets Lars Thorvald. Hard-boiled is what they call these fictions.  How come the simulacrum is better than the originals?  Like the best cowboy song is: Don't Fence Me In (Cole Porter pastiche), and the best song out of the Mexican Revolution is: Fernando (ABBA pastiche).  This is better than any other gangster movie: it distils the essence of the genre. It fuels Tarantino and The Usual Suspects, mixed with wry twists and rye. Although I haven't read The Glass Key, I've read all Chandler; and the Byrne man is pure Chandler, on the other side of the tracks. He takes a lot of punishment, he feels like a sawn-off leg, he cools it with bootleg, he has a way with a semi-soiled maid, and a weakness for the ponies. Runyonesque. He's not sure where he's going, but he can figure. He's never cross, but he's crossing over. Like the private eye,  he's not mean, and he's melancholy, but he's not soft-boiled. Hell, the grifter had it coming. You don't double-cross a man who saves your life. And you can't go with a man who rubs out your brother.  Personal relationships are ambiguous. Why are so many of these guys gunsels?
1594481938|5.0|This is the strange story of four unlikely friends who meet while trying to fling themselves from the roof of a \\"tower block\\"--which in my Americanness I imagine to be a small skyscraper.  The narration rotates among the four main characters--washed up musician JJ, rebellious teenaged Jess, disgraced TV personality Martin, and poor Maureen, who has spent the last 20 years caring for her vegetative son.  My favorite narrators were Martin, whose incisive wit never failed to make me grin, and Maureen, who filters most of what she knows about the world through television programs.  Over the following three months, despite the fact that they can barely stand one another, they embark on all sorts of ill-fated missions to help one another.  In the process, these four \\"jumpers\\" begin to understand a little more about the world and their place in it. It's an entertaining (and very quick) read.
B000002JSP|5.0|This is turning out to be my favorite Zeppelin album.  Many people (including friends of mine) will probably be disappointed, but I honestly think this is a great album, and it's the one I go back to a lot.  It is true that this was mostly a John Paul Jones/Robert Plant album, which may be why many don't like it.  I don't know.  I love every song on it, especially the powerful opener In the Evening.  South Bound Saurez is a really bouncy, very cool metal/rockabilly number, with some great piano by Jones.  Fool in the Rain is pretty good (though overplayed on classic rock stations).  I love Hot Dog (Zeppelin goes country, and it works).  Carouselambra is another great epic Zeppelin track, one of my all time favorites.  It's got a bit of a disco edge, but then I never thought disco sucked.  Bonham really shines on this song, along with Jones.  I never got bored through its 10 1/2 minutes.  All my Love is a sad song written by Plant and Jones.  It was about Plant's son, who died in a car crash.  It is not a romantic song, as some have thought.  It gets played a little too much on the radio, but I can still listen to it.  The synthesizer solo in the middle of it is quite beautiful.  I'm Gonna Crawl is good, even though I don't play that one that much.  Zeppelin was simply changing here, moving on with new sounds.  This album offended a lot of Zeppelin fans (and still does today), but I have to admit I really like it.  It's nowhere as bad as some say, and in fact, might be a masterpiece.  It's not their greatest album (I think they peaked with Physical Graffitti), but In Through the Out Door is very good, much better than its predecessor Presence, and one I love very much.
0953104907|4.0|The book is loaded with useful info. It would be better if it included better templates for actual use though. Very satisfied with the book for the price and my seller shipped very fast.
B000005Z0E|4.0|Sure, there were some nice tracks,lyrically, that 2pac spit some really nice lines...but this album is full of that. This is by no means his best album, but he was still hungry to spit some lyrically ****. Let's break it down...<br /><br />We start off with the intro-kind of track, \\"Young Black Male\\". 2pac spits his fastest verse in his career. Very nice way to start off this album. It leaves you to want more though cause its barely a minute long verse. Next is \\"Trapped\\". Definitely not ment to be on the radio, he outlashes at the world, which is normal for this CD. \\"Soulja's Story\\" is one of my favorites from this CD. It is a first of the many 'Soulja' songs that 2pac made throughout his career. I love how 2pac got creative and tried to play two characters. I wish he would've done more like this. Perfect song. \\"I Don't Give A ****\\". Probably some have heard this one from playing San Andreas. This is 2pac at his angriest, you can tell from his lyrics, voice and especially the outro. Unknown Pogo shined on this track. No chorus or hook, 2pac and Pogo go for more than three minutes with solid verses. \\"Ain't this a b****/All I wanted was some chips\\". Great track. \\"Violent\\", 2pac spits one of my favorites verses from him. He tells a story in second and third verses, nicely done. Goes over six minutes, amazing job done. \\"Words of Wisdom\\" is just that. Personally, I don't really like this but 2pac puts out some nice words, at the same time he's still an angry man. Especially the breaks between his verses. \\"Something Wicked\\" is in the same note as the first song on this album, but not really fast flow all the way through. It can get annoying listening to this, but the verse and 2pac's flow with this beat go nicely together. \\"Crooked A** N****\\" is very street feel. Good idea to use NWA samples as the chorus. \\"If My Homie Calls\\" is the funky track that 2pac tells his homies that he's always there for them. Good feel track. \\"Brenda's Got a Baby\\", you've probably heard of. Ask your parents about this, they'll probably remember this one too. Telling a story about a young single mother, that threw away the baby because she couldn't take it. She gets killed in the end after her drug addiction and as s prostitute. Sad touching song, an album highlight. No chorus or hook except at the beginning and as an outro. Based on a true story as well. \\"Tha' Lunatic\\" and \\"Rebel of the Underground\\" are both wacky, relaxing tracks moving away from the rest of the album's angry feel. \\"Part Time Mutha\\" ends the album on a sad, touching note. 2pac's verses is noting his mother's addiction, its basically Dear Mama Part I. Though, the second verse, some female rapper talks about her father being a \\"nasty old man\\", which you get what she means by the rest of her verse. Its sucks that the beat couldn't have been more touching like Dear Mama. The chorus is singing and the verses are very nice...<br /><br />Closing Comments: If you're a fan of 2pac, then I wonder why you haven't gotten this album already. If you wanna get into 2pac, I suggest Me Against The World about this. Overall, its a great album, though its not flawless and there's some really weak tracks. 2pac did not have an amazing debut like Rakim, Nas, Jay-Z, Wu-Tang or Biggie, among others, it was still a great debut. 4 stars.<br /><br />-Peacerents about this, they'll probably remember this one too. Telling a story about a young single mother, that threw away the baby because she couldn't take it. She gets killed in the end after her drug addiction and as s prostitute. Sad touching song, an album highlight. No chorus or hook except at the beginning and as an outro. Based on a true story as well. \\"Tha' Lunatic\\" and \\"Rebel of the Underground\\" are both wacky, relaxing tracks moving away from the rest of the album's angry feel. \\"Part Time Mutha\\" ends the album on a sad, touching note. 2pac's verses is noting his mother's addiction, its basically Dear Mama Part I. Though, the second verse, some female rapper talks about her father being a \\"nasty old man\\", which you get what she means by the rest of her verse. Its sucks that the beat couldn't have been more touching like Dear Mama. The chorus is singing and the verses are very nice...    Closing Comments: If you're a fan of 2pac, then I wonder why you haven't gotten this album already. If you wanna get into 2pac, I suggest Me Against The World about this. Overall, its a great album, though its not flawless and there's some really weak tracks. 2pac did not have an amazing debut like Rakim, Nas, Jay-Z, Wu-Tang or Biggie, among others, it was still a great debut. 4 stars.    -Peace
B000062XFG|3.0|It is great to see how the characters develop from the first season. Dr. Polaski's character is good for the series(Whoopi too!). Did you know that she actually featured in the Original Series? There are some interviews in the last disc and you can actually see how she looked eons ago. I recommend this series.
0440234743|5.0|ISBN 0440234743 - Troy Phelan is a self-made multi-billionaire who, on the last day of his life, outsmarts everyone around him, sticks it to his 3 ex-wives and six living children by means of a well thought out and executed plan, before he flings himself from the balcony of his building.  The book isn't about him.<br /><br />His 3 ex-wives and their children are, overall, pretty rotten people who have only one reason to be interested in the old man - his money.  So when his plan works and they are all left out of his final will, they all lawyer up to do battle for what they believe is due to them.  The book isn't about them, either.<br /><br />Troy's final will leaves everything to his illegitimate and, until now, unheard of daughter.  Rachel was the result of an office affair and was given up for adoption when she was born.  Years later, Troy made contact, which ended abruptly when Rachel finished college.  She is the only one of his children who has turned out reasonably well: she is not interested in money, she has made a career of spreading God's word and she is happy.  She is also living in the jungles of Brazil.  Oddly, the book isn't about her either.<br /><br />Sent to find Rachel, Nate is fresh out of rehab - for the fourth time.  Behind him are two ex-wives, four neglected children, innumerable affairs, countless malpractice suits (filed by him, not against him!), drugs and alcohol and about 20 years as a lawyer.  He's facing problems with the IRS and his return to practice isn't exactly welcomed at the office.  This all makes a jaunt in the jungle to find the probably reluctant heiress to the world's largest fortune seem like a perfectly reasonable idea.  The book is about him.<br /><br />Nate's journey, the goal of which is to find Rachel, leads him to find himself and his purpose, just as his life really seems to have slipped too far out of his control for him to recover from.  He does find Rachel, of course - and everything about her, from her reaction to her father's will to the life she has chosen and is happy with, makes Nate realize what does (and doesn't) really have value.<br /><br />One thing bugged me - the back cover says \\"Nate is crashing through the Brazilian jungle, entering a world where money means nothing, where death is just one misstep away, and where a woman - pursued by enemies and friends alike - holds a stunning surprise of her own...\\"  This is nonsense.  Her only secret seems to be that she's Troy Phelan's child, which is revealed in the will on page 27, so that hardly counts as her \\"stunning surprise\\".  She changed her name from Lane to Porter, and the reason was never really explained, other than to indicate she didn't want Troy to find her again.  Maybe that's her \\"stunning surprise\\", but since the reason is never brought up... I don't think so.  I read the whole book waiting for the stunning surprise and it never materialized.<br /><br />- AnnaLovesBooksife she has chosen and is happy with, makes Nate realize what does (and doesn't) really have value.    One thing bugged me - the back cover says \\"Nate is crashing through the Brazilian jungle, entering a world where money means nothing, where death is just one misstep away, and where a woman - pursued by enemies and friends alike - holds a stunning surprise of her own...\\"  This is nonsense.  Her only secret seems to be that she's Troy Phelan's child, which is revealed in the will on page 27, so that hardly counts as her \\"stunning surprise\\".  She changed her name from Lane to Porter, and the reason was never really explained, other than to indicate she didn't want Troy to find her again.  Maybe that's her \\"stunning surprise\\", but since the reason is never brought up... I don't think so.  I read the whole book waiting for the stunning surprise and it never materialized.    - AnnaLovesBooks
B000002JSP|5.0|Led Zeppelin is one of the best bands of all time. This CD is one of their best. When I think of Led Zeppelin I think of their great guitar work on their songs. This CD is no exception. Every song on this CD had great guitar licks. \\"In The Evening\\" is one of my favorite songs on this CD. The song starts out like you are going through a maze and all of a sudden the guitar work kicks butt. \\"South Bound Saurez\\" is another song that the guitar licks kick butt. \\"Hot Dog\\" sounds like a country song with mostly music but still a good song. \\"Carouselambra\\" is a great song that really moves you when you listen to it. \\"All Of My Love\\" the biggest song on this CD is a classic and a slow song that you can dance to. Another slow song is \\"I'm Gonna Crawl.\\" Only 7 songs on this CD but it is a great buy. If you love Led Zeppelin then you need this in your CD collection.
B000AYELVA|4.0|X-Men is the best comic strip adaptation I've seen to date. It has all the excitement and special effects that you'd expect, together with a class of acting that you don't see in many other films of this type.<br /><br />The story concerns the two factions of the X-Men. X-Men are mutations from normal humans. One is lead by Professor Xavier (Patrick Stewart) and the other by Magneto (Sir Ian McKellen). Xavier believes the X-Men can work with humans. Magneto wants to destroy humanity and in a brilliant opening scene (shot in black & white) set during the 2nd world war we see he has some justification for this view. Patrick Stewart and in particular Ian McKellan are the main reasons to see this film. They add a certain gravitas to the proceedings that takes the movie to a different level. Having said that Hugh Jackman and the rest of the cast are all good.<br /><br />It always helps to have a good director and Bryan Singer (The Usual Suspects) does a great job. There are some excellent set pieces and the film is kept to a sensible length. This is well worth buying at the right price as it does hold up to repeated viewings.
B000000OTU|5.0|If you want a good compilations of newer songs of Aerosmith then this CD is for you. \\"The Other Side\\" is one of my favorite songs of Aerosmith. This song really rocks and has a good beat to it. Other good songs are \\"Love In An Elevator.\\" Just listen to the words of this song and it can make your imagination run wild as if you were in an elevator with the opposite sex. \\"Dude Looks Like A Lady\\" is another classic song from Aerosmith along with \\"Jamie's Got A Gun.\\" Don't tick Jamie off or you will be sorry. A beautiful ballad on this CD is \\"Angel.\\" A very beautiful love song. The CD ends with \\"Livin' On The Edge.\\" What a way to end a CD with a song like this. Quite ironic that they would put this song last on this CD. 15 classics on 1 CD. What a good buy!!!
B000F2C87Q|5.0|I am not a music critic, but I did grow up in the Mississippi River delta, but on the wrong side of the muddy banks.  I sampled this (and others) CD on Amazon and I cannot believe how good these guys sound!!!!  I also have their Rubber Factory CD!!!!  It is good!!!!  It just makes me melt into whatever chair I am in and I just get lost in the music.  Hey guys, if you are reading this, good stuff!!!!  Keep it up and I'll keep buyin'.....
B000MXPE7O|3.0|The Robert DeNiro directed \\"The Good Shepherd\\" was an overly ambitious, 167 minute film that chronicled the formulation of the CIA through the eyes of the humorless Edward Wilson played by Matt Damon.  Damon playing the eventual CIA head of counter intelligence was one of a star studded cast that couldn't save this plodding film which could have been cropped by at least 30 minutes.  Not only was the film editing questionable but the musical score often times drowned out the dialogue.  The characters were not particularly well developed diminishing their ability to evoke empathy for them.  Venerable veteran actors like Joe Pesci, Timothy Hutton and DeNiro himself were given toothless cameos that didn't showcase their abilities.<br /><br />DeNiro who also starred in the film as General Bill Sullivan, a prominent architect of the CIA, used a flashback format to weave his tale.  Damon seen in the film's present, 1961, takes partial responsibility for the Cuban Bay of Pigs fiasco.  We are then time warped back to the late 1930's to Damon's induction into Yale University's prestigious Skull and Bones fraternal order.  His privileged background allows him to travel in the upper echelons of society.  He is soon recruited by FBI agent Sam Murach played by Alec Baldwin to spy on his thesis professor Fredericks played by Michael Gambon who is sympathetic to Nazism.<br /><br />Soon after being cajoled into marriage as a result of a sexual fling resulting in pregnancy with loose society girl Clover Russell played by a miscast Angelina Jolie, Damon enlists with the intelligence arm of the military. He spends 6 years in Europe separated from his wife and son running the O.S.S. in London ably assisted by John Turturro playing Ray Brocco. On and on the story goes.  The O.S.S. becomes the CIA and Damon rises in the ranks of the intelligence hierarchy.<br /><br />The central theme to the story is Damon's dedication to the service and his country while eschewing his family.  What goes around comes around as Damon's son, Edward Jr. now grown up and played by Eddie Redmayne also joins the CIA putting Damon in the crosshairs of his Soviet counterpart Ulysses played by Oleg Shtefanko.amon's son, Edward Jr. now grown up and played by Eddie Redmayne also joins the CIA putting Damon in the crosshairs of his Soviet counterpart Ulysses played by Oleg Shtefanko.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|For some reason subsequent listening to the track outside the movie are not as powerful. The film itself and the sountrack together are very moving but without it I'm not sure the sound track is as cohesive. Still, it's faultless, beautiful acoustic soundtrack.    The two scenes from the movie that are still haunting are the songs \\"If you want me\\" and \\"Say it to me now\\". I would actually suggest getting the DVD for the full experience. Awesome stuff.
B000MTPANQ|5.0|In many ways Neil Young DEFINES the singer-songwriter. This treasure takes us back to 1971 just before he blew up with \\"Harvest\\". This truly captures LIVE Neil, \\"I'm going to do some new songs...\\" and when he admonishes the audience for taking pictures ( I saw him get mad at a fan for whistling and then he stopped talkig to the audience for about a half hour). Each song is a gem. I love \\"Cowgirl in the Sand\\" and \\"Man Needs a Maid/ Heart of Gold Suite\\" but my all-time favorite is \\"On the Way Home\\" (what a PERFECT openning song). BUY THIS ALBUM AND TREASURE IT!!!
1400082773|5.0|This book is the key to who the man is, and how he came to his approach to life.
0743487583|5.0|came next day in perfect condition my sister needed it for school and she was very pleased thank you
B000PMGNK4|4.0|Yet another entry in the acclaimed franchise.  This one is surprisingly well crafted.  Well paced, with good music, animations and political implications tied to Japanese domestic issues--just as expected from Ghost in the Shell.  Considering the time limit, all characters get a fair share of diologue (again smooth and sophisticated) and development.  There are some changes that some characters go through but I won't spoil specifics.  The story is engaging and kept me in suspense.  Action is sparse but Ghost in the Shell isn't about explosive Hollywood acion; rather, it draws it from imminent political danger, intensive diologue and suspensful story.  I should mention that I only watch Japanese original versions of anime, not English dubbed, so I don't know how appealing those are.
075640407X|5.0|I finished reading this book a few days ago, and I have to say that the author, whom I had never heard of until clicking on one of those \\"You must read this fantasy\\" lists someone put together here on Amazon, has written a fantastic start to a new journey in this book. I actually am anticipating the next book and cannot wait to dig in as soon as it comes out.    I find it difficult to really explain the book and the way that the characters react within the story, but I can say that it is believable. While you will probably find yourself recognizing many of the standard fantasy elements that you can find in most of the other fantasy books out there, you will not find the characters getting pigeon-holed into the usual formulaic response modes. You won't be forced to slog through 900 pages of the \\"reluctant hero\\" story motif where the main character always whines about what fate has chosen for him and how he never learns his craft. You also won't find, at least so far, a story that has a character that is an unstoppable force that relishes his terminator-like ability to kill. I guess what I am trying to say is that while many of the parts of the characters will seem familiar to you, you won't find a carbon copy of any of the other main characters you have read before.     Bring on the next book!
B000OYC3J8|5.0|I'd been thinking of picking up a White Stripes CD for some time and finally got this one.  I love it!  Several songs have clear Led Zep influence (my favorite all time band).  The things that Jack White does with his guitar are incredible.
B000CCD0FI|5.0|The last person you'd ever accuse of having a great sense of funk and rhythm, David Byrne, unleashed this gem after \\"Remain In Light\\", giving us the two best Talking Heads CD's (records back then) back to back.  The secret weapon this time around was courtesy of keyboard funkmeister supreme Bernie Worrell, of Parliament/Funkadelic fame, and you don't get any better than that.<br />  Worrell's bleeps, bloops and far out sounds punctuate a set that grooves so mightily it should come with its own earthquake warning.<br />  \\"Burning Down The House\\" is the best known, but the sinister funk really starts with \\"Making Flippy Floppy\\" and doesn't quit.  Again, Tina Weymouth shows why she is one of the best bassists in the world, bar none, with her lines alternately bouncing all over the place or holding down the beat and pounding you senseless with it, especially on \\"Moon Rock\\", one of the best tracks.  \\"Swamp\\" sounds like George Clinton and ZZTop collaborating, and the whole thing is a joyous romp worthy of the best early '70's funk it lovingly reminds us of.  Wear a neck brace for this one.
B0000AOV85|5.0|The way this 'documentary' was put together is very slick.  They blend/match the members of the band playing their parts of the music with archived footage from 30 years ago.  David Gilmour and the others are very thoughtful in their memories/summary of the experience.  A very classy tribute to one of the greatest, music changing albums of all time.
0920668372|1.0|This is the most disturbing children's book I have ever read.  It starts off sweet enough but can you imagine if your mother in law snuck into your bedroom every night to rock your grown husband to sleep?  I'd get a restraining order.  Definitely better books out there that teach about unconditional love and parent/child relationships.  I would never let my daughter read this book.
B000FA57US|3.0|The Director of this Film required too much unnecessary blood and gore although there doesn't seem to be that much for this day in age.His strategy for the film was not the best one.The loose ends left at the end of this film would make it hard to create a good 6th film,which did seem quite impressive from its original version until most of it was reshot nd edited badly.All and All,the main problem of this film was it being rushed into production.They should've atleast waited two years bfore the 5th installment.
B00005JP5P|5.0|Sunshine is one of those thinking man's sci-fi movies-it makes you use your brain and if you are looking around the theater you can see the other audience members getting into the movie too--sort of like, \\"I didn't know it was going to be this good.\\"<br />......spaceship Icarus II on its way to the sun's south pole where the hired drivers on board are going to launch a bomb into the center of the nearest star, thinking this will start its heartbeat up and save mankind. Characters----Dr. Searle (Cliff Curtis) psychiatrist-- Captain Kaneda (Hiroyuki Sanada)-- physicist Capa (Cillian Murphy) and computer technician, Mace (Chris Evans)---pilot Cassie (Rose Byrne). The other woman is Corazon (Michelle Yeoh), in charge of the ship's oxygen; also on board are communications officer Harvey (Troy Garity) and navigator Trey (Benedict Wong).<br />They get a signal from Icarus I, which popped out of the atmosphere seven years earlier and has now somehow returned. Mace says they should go on with exploding the star; Capa says they should go for the Icarus I (ship) and get the payload. Kaneda follows Capa's plan for the payload. The rest of the movie is all terror, danger and adventure--real fun actually...it is fast paced, and as sci-fi movies go, it got an \\"A\\" from me.<br /><br />.....couple of other aspects of the movie.  The Director is Danny Boyle (The Beach, Shallow Grave, 28 days later) and the Writer is Alex Garland, who did \\"28 Days Later\\" one of my favorites in science fiction.
B0000TB01Y|2.0|A hint for those who love classic storytelling: Any time you see a synopsis starting \\"In this Postmodern, Feminist retelling of...\\", run for the hills. I saw the musical Wicked  at LA's Pantages theater with my family. While my girls (ages 11 and 13) thought it was OK, and I loved the Victorian sci-fi settings, costumes and such, the story about how the Wicked Witch of the West was really just a brilliant, misunderstood animal rights activist persecuted by the Evil George W. Bu... er, Wizard of Oz, who is using her imaginary \\"terror\\" as a pretext for turning Oz into a police state, had me grinding my teeth throughout. That said, the performances were generally great or at least good (except for the guy who played Fiyero, who couldn't carry a tune), in some cases superior to those on the official cast CD. My girls have had the CD in the car stereo on and off for the last few days, prompting this review. As a general observation, the music and lyrics are sub-par for a hit musical, with very few memorable melodies or lyrical turns of phrase. Virtually every number has a long, meandering preamble that morphs into the \\"song\\" in precisely the same way. The standouts for me were \\"Popular,\\" a cute take on High School-College social climbing that has a nice, syncopated feel, and \\"I'm Not That Girl,\\" a beautifully restrained and meloncholy meditation on life and love. \\"Defying Gravity,\\" the big set-piece number, has a soaring chorus, but I defy anyone to hum, or even identify the verse melody. The rest of the tunes have a Broadway by-the-numbers feel that leaves me cold.
0316018953|2.0|I have read and own every book (to my knowledge) that Michael Connelly has written, and look forward to each new publication.  This fell far below my expectations, and indeed seemed like a book written haphazardly to fulfill a deadline. A first-time reader would find the major characters poorly introduced.  The plot was thin, and resolved too hastily at the end.
B000BTC5LW|4.0|The concert DVD was very enjoyable, the DTS reproduction was excellent, clean rich sound and gave you that \\"being there\\" feeling. The video quality was also good. If you're a fan of their music, this DVD is must have. Value for money
0618680004|5.0|This was a book I would recommend to anyone of any belief.  I was a wishy washy agnostic but after reading this I felt secure and proud to call myself an atheist.  It provides concrete information laid out in an understandable and undisputable form that is a pleasure to read.
B0007LXPBI|5.0|If you want to watch something sweet, something fun and something memorable look no further than Disney's 90's remake of `The Parent Trap'.  It's funny, it's charming and it's sure to be appreciated time and time again.  Young Lindsay Lohan is so preciously sweet here that you can't help but fall in love with her.  And talk about talent.  This young actress may not have really struck it big until her `Mean Girls' stint, but `The Parent Trap' may very well hold her finest performance to date.  She's convincing as two totally separate children, accent included, and that is a tough feet for most adult actors.  But here Lohan pulls it off with flying colors, never once missing a beat.<br /><br />The film follows the original film, at least in general plot, but it updates it quite a bit for modern society.  Lohan plays both Annie James and Hallie Parker.  Hallie lives in California with her father Nick, played by Dennis Quaid while Annie lives in London with her mother Elizabeth, played by Natasha Richardson.  When they first meet at summer camp they are camp rivals, but soon after realizing they are in deed sister, identical twin sisters, they devise a plan to reunite their parents and become a family again.  They swap places, each getting to meet and spend time with the parent they've never known and then, when their secret is exposed and they're forced to swap places again their parents will see one another and the wheels will be set in motion for their love to rekindle.<br /><br />There's only one problem.  Their father is falling in love with a horror show of a hot young thing named Meredith Blake, played brilliantly by Elaine Hendrix.  Annie realizes soon after meeting her father that she is in way over her head with his new arm-candy.  She's manipulative and beautiful and her father is obviously blinded by her legs.  Hallie doesn't believe the danger is real for as far as she knows her father is never serious about any woman and besides the fact, she wants to spend more time with her mother.  But the problem is serious for her father intends on marrying the gold-digging tramp and if that happens the girls plan would be ruined.<br /><br />The hi-jinx's that ensue are hilarious and the acting is superb.  Lohan outshines all, but both Quaid and Richardson do a wonderful job as the two loving parents. In fact, they are both so lovable and charming that it's hard to understand why their marriage didn't work in the first place.  As I mentioned, Hendrix is deliciously evil here and works her character to the bone.  My favorite supporting character though is Lisa Ann Walter who plays Nick's housekeeper.  She's effortlessly charming and sweet and so good natured.  I just love her character and her interacting with Lohan is fantastic.  Simon Kunz is memorable as the James' butler and Ronnie Stevens is more than effective as Elizabeth's father.<br /><br />The film is a wonderful experience from start to finish and monopolizes very well on the charm of the entire cast and the popularity of the original film.  It's a remake that was worth being remade and it'll be sure to bring plenty of smiles to the faces of everyone in the family.  As many have mentioned, Lindsay's life has taken a huge detour down to the gutter, but put your preconceived notions about her off-screen antics aside and embrace the career she could have had had she stayed cute and adorable and level headed.her mother.  But the problem is serious for her father intends on marrying the gold-digging tramp and if that happens the girls plan would be ruined.    The hi-jinx's that ensue are hilarious and the acting is superb.  Lohan outshines all, but both Quaid and Richardson do a wonderful job as the two loving parents. In fact, they are both so lovable and charming that it's hard to understand why their marriage didn't work in the first place.  As I mentioned, Hendrix is deliciously evil here and works her character to the bone.  My favorite supporting character though is Lisa Ann Walter who plays Nick's housekeeper.  She's effortlessly charming and sweet and so good natured.  I just love her character and her interacting with Lohan is fantastic.  Simon Kunz is memorable as the James' butler and Ronnie Stevens is more than effective as Elizabeth's father.    The film is a wonderful experience from start to finish and monopolizes very well on the charm of the entire cast and the popularity of the original film.  It's a remake that was worth being remade and it'll be sure to bring plenty of smiles to the faces of everyone in the family.  As many have mentioned, Lindsay's life has taken a huge detour down to the gutter, but put your preconceived notions about her off-screen antics aside and embrace the career she could have had had she stayed cute and adorable and level headed.
B000J4QWMC|4.0|I'm not a previous \\"Miami Vice\\" fan. I don't think I ever sat thru a whole show,and I found this movie very entertaining. Maybe because I was not comparing it to anything else. I am usually very critical on all the \\"junk\\" that Hollywood is producing,but it shocks me that so many hated this film. I found the energy,visual aspects,back drops of lightening, beautifuls skies whether it was sunny or storming to be very artistic. I feel as though Miami was displayed very realistically. The traveling to foreign countries and the real shots of the towns, street folks and garbage all over also lended itself to the adventure. Jamie Foxx and his gal were in a very beautify scene displaying their closeness, and who could argue with \\"Black IS beautiful\\" after experiencing their shower scene. \\"Fall asleep right here,baby\\" had to make even the toughest guys melt a little. So many found the relationship between \\"Crockett\\" and \\"I am a business woman. I don't need a husband to have a house\\", to be irritating. Not me, I found it VERY SEXY and the thing that really drew me into the movie. Colin Farrel had a lot to do with that, me being female and finding him very hot. But giving credit to the director,I loved the sensuality in the close ups,like the shower scene where the director focuses on neck of Crockets love interest,the lightening, and their playful manners even though they are in the ugliest of businesses. How could you ignore the many shots where the two could not help touching each other. Very sensual,even if at times the dialogue was hard to understand. These are things all of us do when we are in the beginnings of really falling in love. I found there to be a great balance of excitment,really bad guys, and yet good guys that are still on the edge. I agree with Colin Farrell's accent problem, though. He lowers his voice too much when trying to speak like an American. It's distracting,but I think can be overcome with some.... acting lesson?!? But he is still eye-candy to me that can screw up some and still be worth watching. I am buying this video after seeing it on Direct TV, and I NEVER buy videos. I am even buying the CD as the music I found to be edgy,yet sensual. I had seen \\"HEAT\\", but not \\"COLLATERAL\\",but will make a point of seeing it now. Mr.Director, I was in another world for the length of the movie, and enjoyed every minute of it. Thank you for doing a beautiful piece of work that gave me some dreamy dreams.
B000BYRCH4|5.0|`Into the Blue' could have easily been nothing more than a toned body showcase with little plot and even littler brain patterns but instead it proves itself smart, exciting and worthwhile after all.  I don't think I can really express fully my surprise when walking out of this film.  I really expected nothing more than Alba in full skimp form frolicking in the ocean but instead I got an intelligent and very well plotted action film that continues to entertain me viewing after viewing.  The scenery is nothing short of gorgeous and the quick paced editing of some of the key action scenes will keep you glued to the edge of your seat in sick anticipation of the next sequence.  The directing is actually so delicately handled that the audience begins to feel the claustrophobia and panicked hysteria that can come from too much water.<br /><br />The film follows Jared and Sam, played by onscreen couple Paul Walker and Jessica Alba, as they struggle with the consequences of buried treasure and smuggled cocaine.  You see Jared has just been fired from his job as a snorkel guide, and as much as Sam claims to be happy with their poor existence Jared is determined to find the wreckage of the ship Zephyr and make himself, and his girl, very rich.  With the extra time on his hands and some new toys thanks to a visiting friend and his connections they set off to find this wreckage but they never bargained on finding a sunken plane containing kilo's upon kilo's of cocaine.  Jared's friend Bryce and his girlfriend Amanda are a bit careless and a lot selfish and so decisions are made that jeopardize everyone involved, even the innocent.<br /><br />The acting is actually decent for the cast included.  Paul Walker perhaps gives his finest performance, beings that for the most part I find him a talentless hack, and Alba does an arguably great job with her character.  Love Scott Caan and probably always will and here he doesn't disappoint and neither does Ashley Scott.  Josh Brolin also delivers as the rival treasure hunter, complete with deliciously evil stereotypes.<br /><br />The film though transcends the acting and just becomes a fun film.  It's not going to win awards or even be considered as a film on the verge of but it delivers one heck of a great time and it's smart in doing so.  There is really so much to enjoy here, from the scenery (both oceanic and Albatic) to the intensity to the sheer shock of pure enjoyment.  So shuck aside the preconceived notion that this, as most do, with suck royally and enjoy what might be one of the best films any of it's stars will have the opportunity to partake in (with `Sin City' left out of the equation).rival treasure hunter, complete with deliciously evil stereotypes.      The film though transcends the acting and just becomes a fun film.  It's not going to win awards or even be considered as a film on the verge of but it delivers one heck of a great time and it's smart in doing so.  There is really so much to enjoy here, from the scenery (both oceanic and Albatic) to the intensity to the sheer shock of pure enjoyment.  So shuck aside the preconceived notion that this, as most do, with suck royally and enjoy what might be one of the best films any of it's stars will have the opportunity to partake in (with `Sin City' left out of the equation).
6304698623|5.0|A great movie in great condition. A must see for all girls regardless of age.
B000Q6GX5Y|3.0|I think it's quite sad that there is all this additional capacity and capability in these HD discs that are just wasted.  With all this capacity, they should be able to put commentary tracks, making of, deleted scenes, etc all on ONE disc!  Instead, we actually have to buy the special edition DVD to get that stuff on lower quality video.
0385522401|1.0|England in the 1960's, but the author makes it feel like Edwardian England.  The story revolves around a couple on their wedding night, which becomes a disaster and results in immediate divorce.  None of the characters are interesting or memorable.  The writing is anachronistic - a waste of paper & ink and the reader's time.  The author may have been trying to produce a pop-classic like \\"Bridges of Madison County\\" or \\"Love Story\\", but nothing gels.
B000LE0TGA|5.0|I disagree with those who happen to think ELO's Out of the Blue contains too much filler, or too many songs to put up with.  I love every song on the album for THAT thought to ever cross my mind.    \\"Turn to Stone\\" is the best way to start a pop album.  It's an upbeat, energetic, and LOUD track.  \\"It's Over\\" comes next, and it's actually a bit too mellow compared to the songs it's crammed between.  \\"Sweet Talkin' Woman\\" rules so much.  Flawless vocal melody.  The high point of the bands wonderfully, unique career.    \\"Night in the City\\" is getting dangerously close to disco, but it works really well.  \\"Jungle\\" is my personal favorite song.  About as catchy as pop music gets.  By the time we reach track 10, I can't believe how much I love this album!    Yup, \\"Mr. Blue Sky\\" is a superb song with a perfect vocal melody.  It's so bouncy and in your face.  \\"The Whale\\" is a dreamy instrumental.  I like how it sounds, and I love the intentional picture it puts in my head of stargazing all night long.  Or stargazing from a whales point of view.  Something like that.     \\"Birmingham Blues\\" is about as close as the band ever got to blues, and \\"Wild West Hero\\" is well, a western-sounding cowboy ghost town track.  A great way to close out a REALLY great double album (now available on one disc!)
B000OQF6N6|3.0|I'm a huge pumpkins fan, so of course I was eager to get their latest record. It definitely has some rocking riffs (Billy and Jimmy know how to do that!) but I feel like overall most of the songs are more atonal and purely rhythmic and lack the roundness and fullness of say Mellon Collie or Siamese Dream. It's alsmost as if not having James Iha and Darcy is limiting the music--even though Corgan was always the major creative influence--when it's just Billy and Jimmy, it sounds like, well just Billy and Jimmy. Worth picking up if you're a fan, but I didn't hear anything that makes me think \\"this is up there with my other favorite sp songs\\".
B000002P5W|5.0|Jimi Hendrix wasn't just a very good guitar player.  Sometimes he was also very good at just writing catchy, memorable songs with a touch of blues and a heavy emphasis on vocal melodies.  Axis: Bold as Love proves that.  While the dazzling display of guitar work Hendrix was famous for is still noticeable throughout the album, mostly this is an album that catches your attention by way of pretty vocals, short rockers, and some dreamy aspects.  Guitar jam lovers might have mixed feelings with it, but I'm sure everyone can find some songs to like on this classic album.
B000JVT092|4.0|It is a great movie and it got better with The HD DVD quality ..... must watch.
B000F8O4DQ|5.0|\\"Tightrope\\" begins an upbeat and melodic adventure.  Electric Light Orchestra was something special- they mixed classical with pop rock, and as a result the music sounds loud, shiny, and super melodic.    \\"Telephone Line\\" is almost like a ballad.  A real ballad, that makes you cry.  \\"Rockaria\\" is an updated version of an old 50's style rocker.  Good choice!  \\"So Fine\\" is a typical mainstream-sounding mid to late 70's rock song.  Because of ELO's talent, it's highly melodic.  Everyone knows \\"Livin' Thing\\" and \\"Do Ya\\".  Great songs, especially the rockin' energy of the latter.      The bonus tracks are rather sweet as well.  \\"Surrender\\" RULES.  I absolutely love that song.  The instrumental version of \\"Telphone Line\\" is pretty awesome, too.  All ELO fans should have this album.
B000QFAJ7S|2.0|I don't like this cd at all.  I've liked Kelly Clarkson since the beginning, but I never bought an album of hers until recently.  I bought her debut album, and liked it so much, I ordered this one and was so excited when it came in.  But it's just a bunch of metal and yelling.  I still listen to \\"Thankful\\" all the time, but \\"My December\\" I haven't touched since I first heard it.  I was dissappointed; I had such high hopes.
B000002GVO|4.0|The title song has been played a million times, and yet, the guitar jam at the end never gets old. \\"New Kid in Town\\" is pretty awesome, isn't it? It's similar to the melody of \\"Tequila Sunrise\\" except longer and more interesting. I can't figure out WHY exactly it's more interesting.     I'm not a fan of \\"Life in the Fast Lane\\". It's an alright song, though. The songs on the album that weren't as popular as the ones I mention above are actually better. Seriously!  \\"The Last Resort\\" is possibly the prettiest song I've ever heard the band do. Still, \\"Victim of Love\\" is my favorite song. I really like the riffs, vocals, and lyrics.    Well, you've heard at least half of this album before. Don't try telling me you haven't! Buy if you want to keep hearin' these songs some more.
B000QUCNP4|4.0|Read the book. See the movie. Lock your doors. There are scary people out and about. CT?
B000UDJS2S|4.0|Didn't see it at the movies because of less than stellar reviews, but... One to watch with your g/b friend... action for the adventurer and cheese for the romantic...two thumbs up!
B00005JPLW|4.0|Ok movie. The art will hold your interest. Good looking women are a reward. The Spartan philosophy of leaving your best on the battlefield condemns a society.
6302800897|4.0|This is based on a novel by judge Robert Traver. The opening graphics and music are typical of the late 1950s. A man returns from fishing and cleans his catch in the sink. Paul Biegler places a phone call. A councilman shows up for a drink, and we learn about Paul the lawyer, former District Attorney. A woman calls to ask Paul to represent her husband, who is in jail for shooting the man who raped her. Milk comes in a glass bottle, the cream on the top is used for coffee. Paul meets the wife Laura Manion, who has been beaten. Then he talks to her husband, the army lieutenant. Both he and his wife married after being divorced. The Lt. Manion tells his story. Paul explains the defenses to a murder charge. Then he talks to Laura. She tells what happened that night and reveals her personality. [No girdle?] These details were quite shocking as entertainment for those days. [Does her story seem credible?] Is booze the fatal attraction for many lawyers? Lt. Manion's memory has changed overnight.    Laura has passed a \\"lie detector\\" test but its not admissible in court. [It measures stress, not truth, and can be defeated with a tranquilizer pill taken before the test.] Paul Biegler investigates the shooting. The scenes show small town social life for some (no schools or churches?). Paul tells Laura she must act as a proper and prim wife; and wear a girdle. Judge Weaver is played by Joseph N. Welch, the famous lawyer from Fall River Massachusetts. Lt. Frederick Manion was examined by the Army psychiatrist. Does an \\"irresistible impulse\\"mean a man is not guilty of murder under Michigan law? The trial begins with testimony from the doctor who did the examination of the body of Barney Quill, the dead man who owned a roadhouse. Paul questions the photographer about the photos of Laura's bruises, which were withheld. The bartender tells about Barney Quill. The caretaker of the trailer park tells what happened that night. The police sergeant testified, they believed Laura's story.[Modern forensics could answer some questions.] There are interesting questions for the witnesses, and dramatic answers. The defendant testified about what happened that night. \\"I don't remember shooting.\\" Laura's dog is shown in court (it is friendly). Laura's testimony provides the dramatic highlights.    The army psychiatrist explains \\"dissociative reaction\\", or an \\"irresistible impulse\\". The prosecution brings in a jailbird who tells a story that could help the prosecution. There is a reaction. Then a new witness gets on the stand with new evidence. [This shows the unreliability of gossip.] The jury returns with the verdict. There is an ironic ending to this story which tells of a quirk precedent in Michigan law. [Its pacing may be slow due to some extraneous scenes.] This film shows life and culture in a small rural town in upper Michigan in the 1950s. The friendship between Paul and Parnell seems unusual. Most films are the condensed version of the book. Did they leave some things out, or add new scenes?
0374105235|5.0|this is one of the best books I have read lately.  A good followup to BLOOD DIAMOND.   We should all be aware of what is going on in our world.
1891252089|5.0|It is great to have a book like this.  Great form, great poses, and it does help in understanding the practise of Yoga.  Ommmmm!<br /><br />Somehow, either real men cant bend or our muscles are to fat. Still the streches does improve health.
B000094HMU|5.0|This is one of the most spectacular opera productions ever, and it is done very well.  Eva Marton was hard to beat as Turandot.  Placido Domingo was in fine voice.  Leona Mitchell does Liu with grace and dignity.  The Met Orchestra under James Levine is always a treat.  An added attraction: Hugues Cuenod making his Met debut at age 85 as the old emperor.  He is now 105 and \\"still going strong.\\"  Franco Zeffirelli's scenery and costumes dazzle.    Whatever one's opinion on the ending, after the meddling by Toscanini and others, Alfano's version is what we are used to, and he does use Puccini's themes effectively.    If you can watch Act I and then walk away, opera is not for you.
B000N4SHPS|5.0|this is only for fans, i also buy the package of the 5 earlier moivies so i complete the whole collection so i am ver happy
B000QUCNP4|5.0|As a Bay Area native, and as someone who was a child at the time, I clearly remember the Zodiac case; constant news reports from radio, television and newspaper. AND remember the fear that was felt by all over this still \\"unsolved\\" case. When I learned they were making a movie on the book Zodiac, a very good book, I dreaded that it would sensationalize the fear and violence and that it would be very creepy gory cheap horror flick. However, it was very well done, tasteful but definitely suspenseful; a couple of violent scenes, but not sensationalized, though scary and a little hard to watch.  The style, mood and feel of the era shines through. Respectful portrayals were made of both media and the police agencies that were enmeshed with the case, as well as the victims of the crimes. The actors were wonderful! Perhaps for the public that remembers this horrifying time this film may provide some healing closure?
B000063DIH|5.0|1992.... Fear Of The Dark. An album that marked the end of an era for all of the Maiden fans, for Bruce Dickinson would leave the band for a few dark years. When looking for reviews on this one, people may read a lot of different things. Facing the facts, this is one of those albums that, once youve listened to it right, you will never leave. And when I say \\"listen to it right\\" I am talking about those unknown songs that werent part of the tour, for the other ones will probably get you instantly. Different from the old stuff, but with really heavy cuts, unforgettable riffs, a couple of fillers (like the most good albums), amazing solos.... and sitting in the end of the album, on track 12, reigns one of the best songs of Maiden ever, which gives the name of the album, the glorius Fear Of The Dark.  I can talk for an hour of the greatness of this album, but that would be my opinion, and we all have different taste. For me, this is one of the 10 albums that I would take to a desert island or to another planet. But if youre reading this because you dont have enough information about this album, here are some facts... This album was rated as \\"a really great album\\" by metal magazines like \\"Metal Hammer\\" and \\"Kerrang\\"; I remember the reviews on the spanish version of Metal Hammer on 1992, that said \\"for a lot of us writers, this is one of the best Maiden albums\\"; Those are reviews far more useful than mine and the other guys that write here. Even \\"Wasting Love\\", the soft song of this album is awesome!!! Tracks like \\"Be Quick Or Be Dead\\", \\"Afraid To Shoot Strangers\\", \\"Childhoods End\\" and \\"Judas Be My Guide\\" are this kind of stuff that will never let you go. The usual \\"fist in the face\\" Maiden style, with melodic riffs, mind-blowing drum work, outstanding solos and that kind of \\"substance\\" that great classics are made of. Other songs like \\"Weekend Warrior\\", \\"Fear Is The Key\\", \\"Chains of Misery\\" and \\"The Fugitive\\" have another style....the songs that dont catch you inthe moment, but will later for sure... sooner or later.  And for the end, the crown upon Maiden head.... Fear of the Dark. Maiden oftenly deals with perfection, but this is beyond sight.... from the raw begining, passing through the mesmerizing soft introduction, and the blast that follows, the unforgettable riff, the outstanding solo section, the flawless chorus and the amazing conclusion, theres just one word to describe this song... PERFECT. And again, thats not only my opinion. Since this album came 15 years ago, the band has NEVER put this song out of the selection for live performances. In the past tour promoting their latest album, \\"A Matter Of Life And Death\\", they played the entire new stuff and only 5 all time classics, among them of course Fear Of The Dark. I think that says it all.  Hope this was usefull to you. Long Live Maiden!!!!!!!!!
B000A7DVR2|5.0|Great movie! Combined this with the new Harry Potter book and got both shipped for free. Great deal!
B000P0I4O4|3.0|Take an acclaimed director (Driving Miss Daisy's BRUCE BERESFORD), an Oscar winning actor (MORGAN FREEMAN), and add the gifted John Cusack, and you think the results should be pretty impressive.  But somewhere along the line, the movie misfires and you're left with a well acted, but ultimately disjointed and disappointing movie.  Freeman plays a hit man who is \\"captured\\" by gym teacher Cusack and his troubled son (Jamie Anderson) while on a camping trip.  Add a shady government femme fatale (the talented Alice Krige) and some killer conspirator and you get a plot that is never fully realized and unfortunately confusing.  Some nice scenery and cinematography too.  I just expected more.
159562015X|4.0|I found StrengthFinders 2.0 to be a fascinating exploration of inner talents. When I read my results I knew immediately that they were correct. The themes which StrengthFinders 2.0 indicated were my natural talents, I had previously identified as the things I like to or always do, and it was great to have my own insights validated by StrengthFinders 2.0. I also found the concept of only focusing on your strengths, rather than your weaknesses to be very liberating and powerful.
B000E1OI7G|5.0|Scripted by Stephen Gaghan from an acclaimed BBC miniseries, Steven Soderbergh's Oscar-winning \\"Traffic\\" is a hard-hitting, superbly stylized expos&eacute; of the war on drugs. Visually slick and masterfully directed, the film works beautifully as an ensemble drama of interconnected vignettes, and as a wake-up call to parents, educators, and clueless officials, highlighting the insidious ways illegal narcotics infiltrate the culture--and the mostly ineffective means we have of rooting them out. An exhilarating reality check that'll keep you hooked.
B0000CABBW|5.0|Visually breathtaking and emotionally uplifting, \\"Whale Rider\\" is a must-see for the whole family. Castle-Hughes is a gifted actress who manages to convey both age-appropriate longings and a mystical aura as 12-year-old Pai, defying generations of tribal tradition to achieve her proper destiny. Rawiri Paratene is excellent as Koro, Pai's grandfather and the chief of the tribe, whose stubborn pride prevents him from seeing her gifts. An ode to an enduring myth of the New Zealand Maoris, \\"Whale Rider\\" is an ethereal film that stays with you.
0785814531|5.0|We received the book in the time designated and the book was in brand new condition
B000N3T0DW|5.0|Part murder mystery, part ghost story, and 100 percent witty, estrogen-fueled fantasy, Almodovar's story of three generations of women is one of the Spanish director's most exuberant films. Enamored of outcasts and oddballs, Almodovar here introduces an element of the supernatural to make an already compelling story of sex, lies, and secrecy even more intriguing. Channeling her inner Anna Magnani, Cruz is a force of nature bursting with brassy verve and self-confidence, especially during her heart-melting solo rendition of the flamenco song \\"Volver.\\" Co-stars Due&ntilde;as, Maura, and Blanca Portillo, playing a cancer-ridden friend of the family, make this moving, enchanting drama an irresistible ensemble film.
1594489505|5.0|Best-selling author Khaled Hosseini has done it again! In A Thousand Splendid Suns, Hosseini tells the story of two women growing up in Afghanistan over a thirty year period. As in his previous work, The Kite Runner, Hosseini proves his ability as one of the best present day storytellers. He magically gets the reader to care about the two main characters, Mariam and Laila, just as they cared for the boys and men of The Kite Runner. Although life is not always pleasant in Afghanistan during the 1970's until present time (far from it), the reader develops a fondness for these women and an understanding of life for females in Afghanistan. The development of the women's relationship over time is one people from other countries can understand and enjoy. Let's hope Hosseini has another good story waiting to be told!
B000N3SS80|4.0|This was my first Jennifer Lopez CD purchase. Most of the songs on the album   are ballads, and I prefer more upbeat music, but I still enjoy this CD. I'd definitely purchase another music CD by Jennifer Lopez.
B000N3ST8O|5.0|crystal visions-the very best of stevie nicks lives up to its title. the collection includes both a cd and a dvd. ths songs include stop draggin' my heart around,edge of seventeen(just like the wild-winged dove),stand back,if anyone falls in love,talk to me,i can't wait,dreams,silver springs,rock'n roll,and rooms on fire.the videos include stop draggin'my heart around,edge of seventeen(just like the wild-winged dove),stand back(in two versions!),if anyone falls in love,talk to me, and rooms on fire.if you are a fan of stevie nicks and fleetwood mac,you will like crystal visions-the very best of stevie nicks.i really enjoy this collection,i think you will enjoy it too. ed wilson
B000I5YCCO|3.0|last year at this time, she was sitting in math class. she has opened for George Strait, Brad Paisley and Tim and Faith. She wrote or co wrote every song and a lot of them are about teen angst. Since she's only been alive for 17 years, she understands her subject matter and should be lauded instead of being dubbed immature. And if you see her live, she plays a heck of a guitar. Enjoy.
B000OYC3J8|1.0|I only liked the first song.  This CD just did not resonate with me like all their others.  Maybe Jack should spend less time ragging on Detroit and more on writing.
6305263248|5.0|Ronin, which features several superbly done car chase scenes is one of the better movies I have purchased in a long time.  This movie is a masterpiece of storytelling and stars Robert De Niro as a man who hires on with a special collective group of people with various skill sets to apprehend a silver case that a man is transporting.  There is turmoil in the ranks and you never know what is around the next corner or who the next person to stab you in the back will be.  Amazing, and I mean AMAZING car chase scenes that rival the old Bullitt film starring Steve McQueen which up to this movie was not really challenged with that.  There are intense moments that take place all throughout France including a great scene at a figure skating venue.  Five stars because this truly is great storytelling and acting.
B000EF7W3Y|5.0|Fisherman's Blues is an excellent album in its own right.  But the addition of the second disc makes this release indispensible.
1400079179|3.0|I am so pleased that so many love this tale by Dan Brown, but myself I could not get into it.  It was the what the story was about to me, but the prose itself was a bit too much to digest.  I felt like Robert L. who is the lead character was cardboard in actions and unrealistic in actual talents.  Somehow this cryptology expert is suddenly an expert at dodging bullets and jumping out of windows onto moving vehicles.  I suppose it would have been too much to give him some sort of law enforcement or military background like so many writers do, but in his case it may have helped.  Robert Ludlum Dan Brown is not, and although the story was extremely interesting, it was the lack of depth that the characters possessed combined with far fetched achievements in the field that I cannot give it any higher than three stars.
0446528056|5.0|Nicholas Sparks has far exceeded my expectations in this book. I started reading it on a Saturday evening and had it finished by the next day. I could NOT stop reading it. I was hoping for the happy ending, but not every book can have a happy ending. If you are a romatic at heart-you will love this book!
6304779607|4.0|Stallone lit up the screen with his then wife in this film over 20 years ago and yet today it still seems like a classic one to me, along the lines of Charles Bronson's \\"Mechanic\\" or Steve McQueen's \\"Bullitt\\", Cobra features a ruthless cop versus a ruthless ring of serial killing assasins who terrorize the streets.  Soon they go after a lady who Sly's character has to protect and that is when Sly is soon on the run with her.  Great chase scenes and shooting action flourish in this classic 1986 action film starring Sylvester Stallone and a really nice old car that unfortunately gets destroyed.
B0000009S3|4.0|I first listened to Hot Rats in 1970.  It was very very good.  I had it on vinyl of course.  Later in the late 1990's I purchased the CD and it had been \\"remastered\\".  I was not happy and I am still not happy.  I know its Frank's work, but he should have left well enough alone.  I prefer the old version but can't get it.  Its still great but its not what was originally released. The original was the best.  Don't mess with a masterpiece.
B000002GIE|4.0|Debut album by big hair rockers from Boston, this little package is full of raw guitar rock suited to fit any style.  Despite this taste of music being somewhat of a garage sale nostalgia nowadays, it still is something to note given some great singing by Gary Cherone and guitar playing by Nuno Bettencourt.  As the pro review on this page reveals, there were Van Halen influences and that was not a bad thing when Extreme entered the picture.  Little Girls, Play with Me and Mother don't wanna go to school today are all fun and user friendly.  No quite their best but for a debut album it still remains a great one to me.
B000BCC6H2|4.0|I took a break from the expired Fuji Astia I had bought in bulk to use a nice higher-speed C-41 film, and this didn't disappoint terribly. I was hoping more for the effects I got by cross-processing slide film, but this performed nicely in my Holga.<br /><br />I never got to use it at night, but I do still have rolls left, so we'll see what happens in the future.
B000NA77YO|5.0|The Mob rules, Lady Evil and TV crimes are just some of the many diamonds that shine and sparkle from the Dio years.  Always in the shadow of Ozzy, particularly when Ozzy Osbourne's solo career got off to a great start, Dio was never quite able to establish himself as the \\"next great singer\\" of Black Sabbath, but regardless of people's feelings of loyalty towards Oz, Ronnie James Dio still has to be recognized for his own style and signature voice during his tenure with Black Sabbath.  I am glad that this CD has been released and have been enjoying it a lot since purchasing it.  The quality is top notch and this really is, in my mind a great collection of the best Dio material that comes from the Black Sabbath sessions.
B00005LC1H|5.0|All episodes are hilariously funny. Over the past 20 years I watched the home-recorded VHS Tapes of the aired progams over and over again. However, with this set of DVDs, the far superior image and sound quality make watching it much more enjoyable.
B00005JKBC|2.0|Unfortunately Redford, although an incredible actor can also hit a wall now and again.  I found this film to have a large concentration on conversations that were supposed to be meaningful in regards to the mentoring ability of Redford's character.  Instead it ends up being just talk, and at times almost seems to appear as if it has no real purpose.  They would have been better off finding some real former spies and making a film based off of those experiences instead of the dull, boring effect that this thing emits.  Really just could not find anything good in it, and although it has a great cast, the roles they fill are just that...filled, but not enough to make this film have any rewatchable value.
0793518326|5.0|An excellent resource for musicians. The small type mentioned in numerous reviews is not that small and anyone with access to a copier can enlarge the image of any song you happen to be working on. I was impressed that even \\"Revolution #9\\" was scored. A very good companion volume to \\"The Compleat Beatles\\" that I purchased back in 1982.
B00005JPD0|4.0|Deja Vu is a typical story that follows someone trying to change something in the past to alter the future...or so that is what they want you to think.  The film has some breathtaking action scenes combined with a performance by Denzel Washington that is as usual, nothing short of spectacular.  The twisted sci-fi style of virtual lab work that allows you to actually SEE the past/future on a monitor and be able to navigate around like it is some fancy architecture program was really, really cool.  This is a movie I would not hesistate to perhaps watch again down the road, and the price on Amazon is fair.
B0002S94BG|5.0|That hauntingly evocative line from \\"So Real\\" which became fatefully too real 10 years ago when Jeff Buckley drowned in the Wolf River exemplifies the mystically chilling experience of listening to Grace.  First and foremost one notices Jeff Buckley's voice---all 8 octaves, then maybe the stirring lyrical romanticism, and finally it'll settle in the wide range of his stylings.  From melodic rockers like \\"Mojo Pin\\" and \\"Grace\\" to the weeping ululation of \\"Corpus Christi Carol\\" and solemn hymnal of \\"Hallelujah\\" Grace is one of the most beautiful debut albums ever.  There's no filler to be found on this disc.  I actually recommend getting the Legacy Edition. The higher price gets you an extra disc of music and a dvd of videos.  The \\"road version\\" of \\"Eternal Life\\" at full blast is like a Mack truck crashing into your chest and atomizing you instantly.    JB is well on his way to becoming a legend and I consider his tragic demise the greatest loss to music in our lifetime.
6304711891|5.0|Fast action and non stop drama takes a viewer inside the haunting hauls of an old Prison and a former life spent there.  Sean Connery plays a man who the Government wanted to forget...in this fictional setting he is deemed as the only man to have escaped from Alcatraz.  Now a group of angry serviceman, distraught over the treatment of men left behind on special ops missions, has hatched a plan to launch biological weapons from the newly acquired prison and attack the Bay area.  Ed Harris plays the leader of this rogue group and the only thing the U.S. government can do to stop it is to get back into the prison...somehow, someway and with a lot of help from the top bio-chemist named Stanley Goodspeed, who is played by Nicolas Cage.<br /><br />Exciting military style thriller with lots of action and many heart stopping moments, The Rock is great and should perhaps be deemed a classic when compared to other action movies of this kind.  It never seems unrealistic and With Connery, Harris and Cage it has a great cast.
B000002JSP|5.0|This is the one album that brings me right back to High School. It revives the sights, smells and feelings of that time. Is it their best album, no, but it still holds a special place for me in my life....
B000006TRV|5.0|Simply put, this is a masterpiece and it tells a story as well as paints a picture.  One of the defining rock opuses that extends the creativity and talent of the members of Pink Floyd.  I have to mention though that this is Roger Waters baby, he is the godfather of this project as well as Wish you Were here and Dark Side of the Moon.  Make no mistake about it, Waters songwriting, Bass playing and singing was the center that did hold for a long, long time for this band.<br /><br />The Wall is epic, so large nobody can touch it.  It is something that takes a lifetime to truly experience and understand, and even then you are amazed at how it just continues to grow and change while still showing some of the same things hold true years and years later.  Some of the songs really seem like nothing more than toe tapping rockers but if you know the story then you know the depth that is behind those songs.<br /><br />One of the greatest Dual Album studio releases of all time.  Forget the cartoon and the drugs and all that other hocus pocus and just soak this in, one day at a time for a lifetime.  You won't regret it, it will one day be your baby also.  They just don't make records like this anymore, with so much meaning and feeling and power and social and political ideas all melded into one thing...and that thing is THE WALL by Pink Floyd.
2070518426|5.0|Pour le prof qui voudrait aborder les difficults de traduction, celle-ci est parmi les exemples-rves...noms fantasques  go go, fabrications de sport avec tout un vocabulaire particulier. Le traducteur a dcid de fabriquer du ct franais un vocabulaire qui n'existerait pas avant que Rowling ne l'et invent du ct anglais. Il n'empche que les inventions franaises ne soient que peu russies, et,  mon avis, peu ncessaires. Pourquoi changer, par exemple, le nom de l'cole?     Si ce n'est fcheux que de changer les noms des personnages principaux tel Snape, il ne l'est pas moins que d'liminer des phrases entires du texte originel. Il suffit de lire la traduction cte  cte avec le texte anglais de voir la license excessive qu'a prise ce traducteur.    This is a great way to learn French (I use it in my classes), and to teach the pitfalls that translation can fall into. The translation is awkward, and at times incomplete, dropping whole sentences from the English. If you're teaching interpretation, this is a great discussion piece.
0446528056|5.0|I love Nicholas Sparks- he never lets his readers down.  This book was truly fantastic.  I couldn't put it down and I can't wait for his sequel \\"The Choice\\" this September.  This book is realistic- a story that could be happening anywhere...  it's romantic, suspenseful, tragic, and full of life!  Read it... I doubt you will be disappointed!
B000063DIR|1.0|God, what an ugly move. What an AWFUL move to have bass parts and drum parts re-recorded in 2001, because you refuse to pay royalties to the original performers.<br /><br />The bottom line is you DON'T mess with a classic recording such as this. The energy and original tightness of this landmark metal album is absolutely destroyed with the re-recording of the bass guitar and drums by Robert Trujillo and Mike Bordin.<br /><br />In Trujillo's and Bordin's defense, they're great players..... on FAITH NO MORE and SUICIDAL TENDENCIES albums..... know what I mean?<br /><br />Apparently, the original players, Bob Daisley and Lee Kerslake were bugging Ozzy for royalties due. Ozzy didn't want to pay up, or Sharon stepped in, or something.... but Robert and Mike were asked to record over the original bass parts and drum parts.<br /><br />If I were Mike (I am mainly a drummer), I wouldn't even CONSIDER having my parts over the originals. No matter WHAT Ozzy would be paying. It's not worth messing with such brilliance. Talk about bad musical karma!<br /><br />And if I were Robert.... man, that guy is all about the funky bass playing. He excels at slap bass, and his work with Suicidal Tendencies and Infectious Grooves proves this constantly. But bringing him in to play bass like it was the early 80s? Sorry, Robert, you fall completely flat on your face.<br /><br />The re-recordings are an absolute vomit-inducing travesty to listen to. When I found out these songs had those parts re-recorded in 2002, I gave them a listen. 45 seconds into \\"Over The Mountain\\" and I immediately hit stop on the CD player, hit eject, and threw the damn thing across the record store I worked at, at the time. The recordings made me sick. Literally.<br /><br />Your best bet, as a diehard fan, is to pick up the 1995 remaster (with the huge OZZY letters on the front, and tiny album artwork in the center), or better yet, find the original CD releases from the 80s. They're not too hard to find. Just make sure you avoid that 2002 copyright date, and the \\"Extra tracks\\".... they're a dead giveaway that it is the re-recording.<br /><br />Don't support the destruction of musical genius. At the very core, the playing by Robert and Mike is SLOPPY. It's probably not their fault. It's not easy to play along to only Ozzy's singing and Randy's guitar parts, even if there's a click track inserted to play along to.<br /><br />For the drummers and bassists out there: have you ever played along to a record, with headphones? You're never completely tight. It's hard to play along to stuff like that... it's never tight like a band practice or when you go into the studio and ALL PLAY TOGETHER.<br /><br />I've made my point... get the 1995 remaster or the original CD (or vinyl).  Hear the songs as they were meant to be heard, in their original context and performances.<br /><br />Long live Ozzy-fronted Sabbath, and the original (unaltered) recordings of Ozzy solo.cks\\".... they're a dead giveaway that it is the re-recording.    Don't support the destruction of musical genius. At the very core, the playing by Robert and Mike is SLOPPY. It's probably not their fault. It's not easy to play along to only Ozzy's singing and Randy's guitar parts, even if there's a click track inserted to play along to.    For the drummers and bassists out there: have you ever played along to a record, with headphones? You're never completely tight. It's hard to play along to stuff like that... it's never tight like a band practice or when you go into the studio and ALL PLAY TOGETHER.    I've made my point... get the 1995 remaster or the original CD (or vinyl).  Hear the songs as they were meant to be heard, in their original context and performances.    Long live Ozzy-fronted Sabbath, and the original (unaltered) recordings of Ozzy solo.
B000RJO578|5.0|This movie is a hilarious satire of big action movies that has a great script and witty dialogue. Starts out kind of slow but really takes off fast and ends up one of the funniest British movies in years. I recommend this film to anyone who wants two hours of laughs and great entertainment.
2253150711|1.0|I read this book because it was recommended by a friend as a \\"funny' book. As other readers have mentioned, indeed it does not take long to read but I found it completely stupid and with absolutely no point. I would never bother again reading another of this author's books.
0800177177|5.0|Thsi is still my all time favored. I look at it as a love story. I gave mine away. I think I need to buy it again and keep it.
0609000195|5.0|As many reviewers have lamented, this is not a linear story, and it is indeed an effort and a challenge to begin and stick with, but for those who relish the rich, complex literary styles of writers like Faulkner and Morrison (think \\"Beloved\\"), The God of Small Things is an exhilarating reading experience.  You will either be bothered by or adore Roy's poetic, lyrical, and often abstract, writing style.  I adored it.  It reminded me of the work I love by poets ee cummings and Ezra Pound.  It is about feelings less than it is about facts.    I decided early on in the novel that I would let it carry me in along and that I would not get too bogged down by trying to always know what, exactly, was going on.  Roy throws many threads out for the first half and then gracefully pulls them all together, skillfully weaving them into each other, until the story's moving and heartrending ending.  This is a story about broken people in a broken society, about love and truth, about this insane thing we all know as our family, of happiness, sadness and loss and of the awesome, mind-boggling enormity of Life's small moments, small events, small things.    When I finished the last page, I turned back to the first and began it again.  I will look forward to more works by Ms. Roy.
0743496728|5.0|Jodi Picoult is a master with dialogue, and some of her phrasing makes you stop to just savor how she describes the smallest detail. It takes quite a talent with words to stop your hungry progression through the novel to re-read that amazing description (like 'a flower bloomed in the middle of her chest' -- I can't get that image out of my mind). So for both story flow and the diamonds of description embedded throughout the book, the highest praise for Picoult and a recommendation to every book club out there.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|I did not purchase the HD-DVD to play in my HD-DVD player, rather I purchased my HD-DVD player for the purpose of playing this HD-DVD.  I watched this series on TV, and it was so spectacular, I had to have the HD version.  I wasn't let down.    For anyone interested in nature or nature photography, this is the DVD you must own.  There has never been anything like it it in the past, and there likely won't be anything like it in the future.  Some of the scenes are breathtaking, and others are even better.  The disclaimer on the HD-DVD points out that a few scenes aren't in HD, and they are clearly visible, but they don't greatly distract from this HD-DVD.    As for negatives, I know of two.  First, this version is narrated by the British David Attenborough instead of Sigourney Weaver.  Neither, in my opinion is great, but of the two, I prefer Sigourney, but this is a personal choice.  (I concede that Sigourney can put me to sleep.)      The second negative was that NOTHING was included with the HD-DVD, not even a two page booklet with an index, nothing.  At the price of this HD-DVD set, I think getting some booklet with a paragraph description of each episode.  And this HD-DVD set includes ONLY the episodes shown on TV, not one extra feature or a minute of extra footage.  Again, they could have done a bit more in this respect.    Still, this is the HD-DVD you MUST own if you have a HD-DVD player.
1594489505|5.0|....make it this one. I couldn't put it down, even when my eyes were trying to close for sleep. Only a few pages in, I knew this was going to be a read that set the bar higher for all future books. And I thought Kite Runner did that. Absolutely stunning plot turns, visual perfection, all the senses coming into play...and an unforgettable visit to a fascinating land that we all think we know. You won't want this book far from you while you're experiencing it. Bravo on one of the finest works of the year.
630522577X|4.0|This movie is sure to be a favorite for anyone who loves Audrey Hepburn or who enjoys musicals. It is very entertaining!
B000GH2YV0|5.0|I am an avid reader of Paulo Coelho; his books are enlightening and inspirational to say the least.  Eleven Minutes is by FAR the best one he has written thus far.  This passionate book can be explicit at times, only because it has to be if it intends to effectively examine love, sex and relationships.  Mainly, it explores the nature of love and lust, and the important difference between the two.  While reading Eleven Minutes, I found myself laughing and crying with each passing moment.  At the very last page, I felt completely fufilled and wise- as though everything I needed to know about love was expressed or at the very least touched upon in this book.  READ THIS BOOK if you are interested in knowing what true love really is.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Gave the set to my dad for his birthday but couldn't wait to give it to him.  We watched a few of the segments before his b-day.
B000LC4TJ0|1.0|I have collected so many different recordings of this most wonderful opera. It is so full of fun and life to make me feel so good. Some of my favorite recordings are conducted by Bohm (I have four with him and all are wonderful), Walter, Giulini and Rosbaud. Bohm had a tendency to be a little slow but that didn't matter much because everything made sense and was in harmony, and was so much fun in addition.  I had heard a couple of excerpts of this recording, which is also available on CD, and I knew it was slow but I had no idea until after I bought it just how slowly it was conducted. The slow tempi were so annoying and many times, especially in the recitatives, everything stopped. The harmony of the music were so many times simply destroyed by Harnoncourt because of the his changes from really slow tempo to even slower and to yet even slower tempo. The whole opera became almost depressing to listen to because of the extreme seriousness that was created because of the tempi. The playful and wonderfully melodic music of Mozart was gone! Bohm could be slow but you could feel that his tempi made sense and the fun of the piece was not sacrificed because of this.   Even though I have listened to the opera so many times the forth act finale always gets me. The fun when Figaro pretends that Susanna is the Countessa when he is making love to her in front the Count and seeing his reaction, and the wonderfully tender and forgiving music when the Count asks the Countess for forgiveness. All of this is simply not there in this recording by Harnoncourt. I personally feel that a good recording of Le Nozze di Figaro should be both funny and elegant. This one is neither.   Another fact that irritated me was that a harpsichord was used instead of a fortepiano (or a piano) in the recitatives in addition to that the recitatives were seldom accompanied by the harpsichord. It was just there to punctuate the sentences.    On to the solists. Anna Netrebko and Ildebrando d'Arcangelo, as Susanna and Figaro, were really excellent. The two of them were so good together to almost merit buying this DVD, almost. Bo Skovhus, as the Count, was not good at all. He really struggled all the time to keep a good tone. He was really wobbly. Dorothea Roschmann, as the Countess, sang well but dramatically she was even worse than Skovhus. She was definitely not a noble woman in her singing. She sounded much too common for a Countess. Christine Schafer, as Cherobino, was ok but nothing more.    Last but not least were the really horrible staging. Everything was staged around a giant staircase. The color palette that was used just added to the depressing view of the whole opera. This goes for the costumes as well. THE most annoying thing about the whole production was the addition of the cherub who just danced around and interacted with the solists without interacted with the characters. When d'Arcangelo was singing his first aria in act 1 the cherub was blindfolding him. When Skovhus sang his act 3 aria the cherub was sitting on one of Skovhus' shoulders which added even more stress on his voice because he had to carry the actor in addition to holding his balance and singing at the same time.     The addition of the cherub was just an annoyance and just made me like the whole performance was bad along with the really bad and inconsistent conducting. I realize that Harnoncourt has another view of the opera and score than what is generally performed, but this is well beyond just another view. When all the charm, fun, harmony and elegance of the whole piece is gone because of this view I would say that he should stay away from this opera. And when he says that everyone before him has conducted the opera wrongly I just say \\"What arrogance!!!\\".
B000OONTFU|5.0|This HD-DVD Enhance's the Message,Seriously The MATRIX HD is a must for all lovers of this trilogy.The HD transfer is immaculate(The picture is so sharp it will laser your retinas)and the sound in dolby true HD is mind blowing.The SFX are more amazing than ever.They just look so real!,unbelieveable after 8 years,one must sayrespect,they measure up to the best of today.This is a visualy EYE POPPING experience and underthe over 70 HD DISC'S that I own this ranks high up in my top ten.Congratulations to WARNER Bros.and after you have look'd at this film two or three times just switch on the in movie experience and watch it again.My only critic on Warner is I do not like Hybrid disc'sHD-DVD side A and DVD side B all extras in standard def (The ANIMATRIX in highdef would have been a nice extra)and thank you all this is LC free(0)
0800177177|3.0|Here's a formula that should make an absolute masterpiece:<br /><br />Take the best book ever written in its genre, hand it over to an Oscar winning director, make brilliant casting decisions, then stir for a couple of hours. Alas for Bram Stoker's Dracula, a dish with all the right ingredients that just, well, overbaked in the oven or something.<br /><br />Here's the good news: the movie LOOKS great. Really great. And the first ten minutes--which are, easily, the best ten minutes in the movie--are just as nightmarish and bloody as any fan of horror stories or vampire tales could want. Furthermore, the performances are excellent, espcially Gary Oldman's, Winona Ryder's, and (believe it or not) Keanu Reeves.<br /><br />But, boy, outside the written page, does this story ever drag. Hopkins and Waits (as Helsing and Renfield) gamely overplay their parts in a lost attempt to liven the movie up, but they become more distracting than diverting. Make no mistake, this was a deliberate art piece, eye-candy ad nauseum, and anyone trying to unearth a little energy from the flat landscape of this movie simply disrupts the director's misguided vision.<br /><br />I felt like I was watching one of the paintings in Rowling's Harry Potter books. Sure, they move, they talk, they're enchanting--but they're not really alive. And so it goes for yet another disappointing adaptation of Bram Stoker's novel of subtle terror. The subtlety just doesn't translate to the big screen. So sad.<br /><br />(This review has been posted by Marcus Damanda, author of the vampire novel \\"Teeth: A Horror Fantasy.\\")
B000002UB6|4.0|I bought this CD specifically for a copy of \\"Two of Us\\" for music for my son's wedding and was surprised how well all of the music continues to hold up. Of course, I have the vinyl album from back in the day but it was never one of my very favorites. I am really glad I rediscovered it. And, of course, it is the only Beatles album produced by Phil Spector. How time does bring things to circle.
B00005JPKE|5.0|This should have won the awards that \\"Flags of Our Fathers\\" won, but sub-titled movies rarely do well in the Oscars. A highly recommended movie that shows the battle for Iwo Jima from a Japanese perspective and is extraordinarily realistic in its portrayal.    Watch this and \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" on the same night and you'll go to bed wondering why we even bother to elect leaders who have never had any real active military service. Only those who have served and have been in combat can know just how horrible it really is, and people like this will do everything they can to avert war so others don't have to go through what they've been through.
B000P2A256|5.0|It is very rare that a group, in any genre of music, can repeat the success of their previous effort, much less a sophomore one.  The list of failures is embarassingly long (even of groups whose first albums I loved).  \\"Songs About Jane\\" was, and still is one of the few albums that is truly solid and enjoyable front to back.  You can throw it in, push play, and not have to worry about having to skip over songs, and in fact the songs seem to get better.  So when Maroon 5 announced the release of their second album, \\"It Won't Be Soon Before Long\\", I was hoping for something even in the same realm as their first with respect to its enjoyability and upbeat, fresh-air style.      With their second album, they have exceeded the mark.  They have not only succeeded in proving they very well mean to stay (with another album that's solid front to back), but in dinstinguishing themselves from every other group out there right now.  Their style is unique, ecclectic and theirs alone.  Impressively, they managed very nicely to carry their one-of-a-kind sound into their second album without making it seem that you were still listening to first album songs.  And as with the first album, I liked the songs that aren't yet, or I imagine ultimately won't be played on the radio, and that's fine because chances are they would play them into the ground anyway.    Adam Levine is a great singer/songwriter who deserves his props.  Musically, the sound continues down its path of being unique and tight and energetic (it's difficult not to seat dance while driving to \\"Makes Me Wonder\\", and is the glue,like their first album, that holds their audible artwork together.  Hopefully there will continue to be no \\"in-fighting\\" or \\"creative disagreements\\", and Maroon 5 will continue to turn out more albums(the second album was worth the wait).    The bottom line is that if you liked \\"Songs About Jane\\", you should love \\"It Won't Be Soon Before Long\\".
B0009R1T7M|3.0|I don't see what the big deal is about this album. I mean, I see how it could be appealing... I like the fact that there are a variety of instruments, complex arrangements, and creative/unusual song structures (not to mention titles). But the fact is, beyond all that, the songs are just not that good. His overly soft-spoken singing approach also grows tiresome pretty quickly. It's okay from time to time... but it's literally all this guy can do. Anyway, I really wanted to love this album. I love this style of music. But I listened to the entire thing front to back 3 times, and the only song that stuck with me and made me want to listen to it again was \\"Chicago.\\" I see a lot of potential in this guy, and kudos for being such a prolific songwriter, but in my opinion his melodies (the heart of the song) need work.
0060763892|4.0|I judge a book by whether or not I am compelled to sit down and read it rather than doing something else (like chores or errands) and I finished this book in about 3 days.  The characters seemed real this time around and the action was not over the top (like Matthew Reilly's books).    I enjoyed this book but...I have to agree with other reviewers in that I wish James Rollins would drop the Sigma novels and go back to the one-off novels.  The last book of his that I enjoyed this much was Ice Hunt.
B000OYC3J8|5.0|These two keep getting better.  I really think this is their best.  If you've liked previous recordings give this a listen.
B000002GQE|5.0|I was trying to copy my lp and I was not happy with the results and I was so pleased you carried the CD.  Thanks for the memories!!!
B000FVNX2Q|5.0|Having been a user and avid fan of the HP12C for about 25 years, I was very happy to learn from a friend that the new Platinum Anniversary Edition had been released. Although a side-by-side comparison will show the full extent of the advantages to the upgrade, suffice it to say that I will NOT miss the flashing \\"running\\" message on the screen while the 12C performs its calculations. (The results in the Platinum 12C are displayed instantly.) Since nothing functionally has changed -- all the buttons are exactly where my fingers expect to find them -- the upgraded \\"platinum\\" appearance and (for the Anniversary Edition) the leather case are all you'll see that's a bit different from the old reliable 12C. I chose the Anniversary Edition to commemorate how many years I've depended on my HP12C, although the Platinum without the anniversary markings is just as good, and adding the anniversary touches is purely a personal choice.
B000OVLBEO|2.0|GHOST RIDER has some interesting ideas but ultimately fails in many aspects.  The plot simply is set up to go from \\"Point A\\" to \\"Point B\\" to move the story along with no twists to storyline or character development. Again, director Mark Steven Johnson creates another shallow relationship as he had done in his other comic book film adaption, DAREDEVIL (Matt Murdock & Elecktra). This time it is between characters Johnny Blaze & Roxanne Simpson (Nicholas Cage and Eva Mendes respectively). The CGI effects of the title character are terrific and it actually doesn't overtake the film which might not be a good thing because somehow the moviegoer is wanting more action with the Ghost Rider. Nick Cage seems to be phoning in his performance and channeling in variations from his past action movies (i.e. THE ROCK, CON AIR, & NATIONAL TREASURE). Eva Mendes simply cannot act and is terribly miscast as Roxanne Simpson. One would guess that since her character is somewhat of a reporter that she is a variation of a 'Lois Lane' to the title character and it ultimately falls short...big time. In a bit of inspired casting, Peter Fonda is cast as Mephistopheles, the demon who gives the Ghost Rider his persona, powers (and demon motorcycle chopper). Also, another bit of inspired casting is of Sam Elliott as Carter Slade who is a Ghost Rider from the old west who rides a demon horse. The best part of the movie is when the modern day Ghost Rider and the old west Ghost Rider are side by side going through the desert at night.  The rest of the film is not interesting with the plot of Mephistopheles' demon son wanting to take over his Dad's reign of terror and the Ghost Rider must stop him. This is a tired and cliched plot. Overall, another failed comic book movie adaption with tired plot devices and an uninteresting relationship of the comicbook character and the would-be girlfriend.
B000PMGNK4|4.0|Ghost in The Shell - Solid State Society, is the latest production based on the \\"Ghost in the Shell\\" franchise, created by Masamune Shirow originally published as a manga by Kodansha (in Japan) and Dark Horse Comics in the U.S. It is available in two editions, the standard one and the \\"Limited Edition\\", targeted at collectiors and fans of the series.<br /><br />For those of you that are not familiar with the franchise, it is set on a not-so-far future where mankind has embraced technologies to enhance the human beings in body and mind. Taking some characteristics from the \\"cyberpunk\\" genre of sci-fi, the series deal with the social repercursions of an \\"information era\\", the status-quo of prosthetics and other physical enhancements and, in esence, with the concepts and philosophies of existence, self-awareness, and the true meaning of the \\"human being\\" concept in a context where the so called cyborgs, normally cybernitically enhanced human brains in artificial bodies exist too. These are one of the many reasons of why the Ghost in the Shell series are considered one of the most influential works for the sci-fi genre and the anime/manga context.<br /><br />However, each incarnation of the Ghost in the Shell franchise, has it's own story arch and approach. For example, the manga works are interesting but messy. The characters sometimes are deep, or sometimes are really light-hearted. Understanding them requires having some background of the cyberpunk theme (William Gibson, Bruce Sterling), some knowledge of the manga-as-a-comic-book concept (so you don't get lost within the strips), reading the many footnotes the author includes on them, and backreading. Solid State Society for instance, continues the plot and concepts showed in the anime series (more about it in a moment).<br /><br />The anime feature movies (Ghost in the shell, Ghost in the shell II: Innocence) are based on the manga, however, they treat the themes on the manga in a totally cinematic and deep way, developing the characters far beyond the manga in some aspects and presenting the viewer with a full overview of the concept and main philosophy.<br /><br />For instance, the anime series, Ghost in The Shell Stand Alone Complex, take some aspects from the manga, but it's main focus is to deal with how the characters interact with their world, and the existential and social problems this future has for humanity. In this case, Solid State Society, continues the concept and plot established by this series, having little to do with the movies or manga. Consider it as an \\"long-play special episode\\" that fits after the end of the second season of Stand Alone Complex.<br /><br />So, for those new to the series, I recommend you to get a glimpse of the other options to enter the world of Ghost in The Shell and its many differences, before buying it. Or get the Stand Alone Complex Season 1 and Season 2 for the matter. Otherwise, come on in!<br /><br />Solid State Society, is a solid, complex, movie that doesn't waste its 120 minutes of running length. The plot is well constructed and the twists that compose it, far beyond of making it boring or difficult to understand, guide the viewer easily from start to finish. It flwalessly continues the events in Stand Alone Complex season 2, and also opens a new saga in the series. Character visual design and overall graphic presentation are quite polished, mixing CG 2D and 3D images flwalessly and in a natural way for the viewer. Full 16:9 aspect ratio makes Solid State Society a nice visual experience on SD televisions and displays and also on HD with the use of a DVD Player or A/V Receiver with an integrated upscaler. The use witihin the movie of \\"virtual\\" lens, and depth-of-view also make for a nice real-life approach to express something in animation instead of live-action. Voice dubbing in japanese and english is quite well done, in fact, I really suggest having a first view in english (if you're somewhat new to the series) then watching it in japanese with subtitles. 5.1 surround (Dolby) sound is supported on both languages and overall sound mixing is of high quality, considering the problems that lip-syncing usually has. The musical score, made by Yoko Kano, a famous japanese musician and composer, deepens the dark enviroment of the movie itself and enhances the plot and characters. Synthethisers, beats and woman-sung chorus, mixed with powerful sound effects also provide a great sound experience. Overall it's a great production worth of watching not just once, but many times.<br /><br />The Limited Edition contains the movie disc, an extras disc with interviews, designs, and other bonus content, and a original soundtrack CD by Yoko Kano, all in a metal-like jewel box. However, I've rated it 4 stars since the soundtrack does not contains a printed playlist nor any additional info. Also it doesn't come with other value-adding bonus (like postcards, some kind of book, plastic figures...) aside from the noted above. For the hardcore fans and collectors I suggest you to wait for a re-edition or similar of it.<br /><br />Overall, the movie itself is a must for the fans of the series. It is also a must for sci-fi lovers or anime lovers, but make sure you get Stand Alone Complex (S1 and S2) at least first (also I suggest that to those who have just watched the two first movies or read the manga only).(Dolby) sound is supported on both languages and overall sound mixing is of high quality, considering the problems that lip-syncing usually has. The musical score, made by Yoko Kano, a famous japanese musician and composer, deepens the dark enviroment of the movie itself and enhances the plot and characters. Synthethisers, beats and woman-sung chorus, mixed with powerful sound effects also provide a great sound experience. Overall it's a great production worth of watching not just once, but many times.    The Limited Edition contains the movie disc, an extras disc with interviews, designs, and other bonus content, and a original soundtrack CD by Yoko Kano, all in a metal-like jewel box. However, I've rated it 4 stars since the soundtrack does not contains a printed playlist nor any additional info. Also it doesn't come with other value-adding bonus (like postcards, some kind of book, plastic figures...) aside from the noted above. For the hardcore fans and collectors I suggest you to wait for a re-edition or similar of it.    Overall, the movie itself is a must for the fans of the series. It is also a must for sci-fi lovers or anime lovers, but make sure you get Stand Alone Complex (S1 and S2) at least first (also I suggest that to those who have just watched the two first movies or read the manga only).
B00005JLT5|5.0|I came from Jewish ancestry and I have studied the holocaust since I was 15. I am now 55. I still have many questions but these DVD's and books are a great help.
B000Q6GUTI|4.0|Great story, entertaining, action packed and a very believable conspiracy theory plot.  Anyone intriqued by the role of snipers in warfare, police actions, or assinations and government intelligence will be entertained by this movie.
0060594888|5.0|Wonderful book. Very concrete steps to take to change erroneous thinking.  He offers success stories of people that have done the methods.  And, who's to say until you do it?! If what your doing isn't working now, (proof is to look at your life) then maybe he's got it!
1594489505|5.0|I hadn't read The Kite Runner, so this is my first book by Khaled Hosseini.  I was mesmorized by this book.  I read it in two sittings.  The story is not easy to read, as somewhere, someone is actually living the life that these two women live.  This story opened up my mind to actually go onto the internet and research  further into the various areas and times written about in this fictional account.  I feel more compassionate now, to women living lives we can only imagine.  This story doesn't always \\"feel good\\"  while you read  it, but it sure makes you think.  It definitely is a powerful story that  will stay in your mind long after you are finished.
1596912855|3.0|I have to admit, I was pretty excited when I saw the premise for this book, but the actual book was somewhat of a disappointment. If you are a fan of Jane Austen's wonderful novels, and a fan of some of the wonderful movies that have been made of her novels (including the BBC Colin Firth version of 'Pride and Prejudice,' and of course the novel and the movie, 'Bridget Jones Diary'-okay it isn't an actually a real Jane Austen, but so great!  Both the book and the movie worked unlike this attempt...);  brace yourself.  This book is pure Chick Lit, and not much else.  I wasn't even sure I liked \\"Jane\\" (the main character) and certainly found none of the other characters even remotely interesting, unlike the original Mr. Darcy, with his brooding temperment and unknowable personality.  Predictable plot, predictable book, great for mindless beach reading, but not nearly as stimulating as a real Jane.  Pack Mansfield Park instead of Austenland.  Ultimately a more interesting place to be!
B000RJO58M|1.0|I thought this movie was totally rediculous. Not in the least bit funny, poorly acted and directed, and it does not help that it is being released on  the dying HD-DVD format, but then I would not buy on BLU-RAY either.
1400063515|2.0|Starting with the good (chapters 15 - 17), within chapter 15 Taleb explains where the Bell curve works and where it does not.  The Bell curve captures well variables that don't deviate much from the mean.  Otherwise, it does not work.  Taleb suggests we often fool ourselves in believing that correlation, regression coefficients, or standard deviation convey much information.  This is because those coefficients are unstable (and can flip sign when possible) depending on the time selected.  This is because the underlying variables are often not stationary enough for these coefficients to be stable.<br /><br />Chapter 16 is excellent as an introduction to Mandelbrot's fractal geometry as an alternative to Gaussian based investment theory.  He supports well that these mathematical tools do capture randomness (of non-stationary variables) far better than the Normal distribution.  However, he admits that Mandelbrotian models are not predictive.  When looking at the same data set, he and numerous colleagues each came up with different underlying parameters to build fractal-like models.  And a small difference in such parameters makes a huge difference in outcome.  That's why you will not hear much of fractal geometry within the quantitative financial community.  Nevertheless, this is a fascinating subject that deserves further exploration.  For this purpose, I recommend Mandelbrot's [[ASIN:0465043550 The Misbehavior of Markets]]<br /><br />Within Chapter 17, Taleb further elaborates on the flaws of the Normal distribution.  He underlines that half of the return of the stock market over the past 50 years was associated with just 10 days with the greatest daily change.  This is an example where stock returns have outliers of such magnitude that using the Normal distribution is not appropriate.  Taleb describes the run-ins he experienced with the living legends of modern finance including Myron Scholes and Robert Merton due to his rejection of the Normal distribution assumption that underlies all their models.<br /><br />The remainder of the book is not nearly as good.  Hundreds of pages can be summed up in just stating that we can't predict rare events.  Taleb goes way overboard in attributing everything to luck.  He thinks MicroSoft beat out Apple just due to luck.  Taleb does not consider that MicroSoft open system allowed it to mushroom while Apple locked itself into a proprietary corner.  Also, according to Taleb both the rise and fall of Rome were due entirely to luck.  But, Rome was best at developing military strategy and transportation networks.  However, it eventually suffered from imperial overstretch.  Explanations are not always narrative fallacies as Taleb believes.  They often beat out ignorance.<br /><br />When it comes to advice, Taleb's recommendation is interesting.  It consists in an asset allocation of 85% risk free investments (T-bill) and the 15% remainder into buying way out of the money Calls and Puts.  By doing so, he positions his portfolio to capture the occasional mispriced Black Swans.<br /><br />This book is somewhat uneven in quality and is not nearly as good as his first book: [[ASIN:1587991845 Fooled by Randomness Revision (Not Available in US): The Hidden Role of Chance in the Markets and Life]] that has become a classic on Wall Street.  Otherwise, it still is an interesting reading.<br /><br />If you find the subject of this book intriguing, let me suggest a few other books that are more rewarding.  Scott Plous's[[ASIN:0070504776 The Psychology of Judgment and Decision Making]] explores the flaws in human judgments far more thoroughly and clearly than Taleb in `The Black Swan.'  Perry Mehrling's [[ASIN:0471457329 Fischer Black and the Revolutionary Idea of Finance]] is also an excellent book.  Ideally, that may be who Taleb would have liked to become.  Fischer Black was brilliant and as skeptical as Taleb regarding much of the body of economics and finance.  Yet, he left a great legacy of elegant models that people still use extensively including the famous Black-Scholes option model.  Yes those models were often based on Taleb's dreaded Normal distribution.  But, with minor modifications those models have remained valuable.  Another recommendation is William Poundstone's [[ASIN:0809045990 Fortune's Formula: The Untold Story of the Scientific Betting System That Beat the Casinos and Wall Street]] that describes the career of a bright MIT mathematician, Ed Thorp.  The latter showed how to successfully deal with uncertainty in gambling and investing.  Even Taleb recognized Thorp's unique expertise within `Black Swan.'ively including the famous Black-Scholes option model.  Yes those models were often based on Taleb's dreaded Normal distribution.  But, with minor modifications those models have remained valuable.  Another recommendation is William Poundstone's [[ASIN:0809045990 Fortune's Formula: The Untold Story of the Scientific Betting System That Beat the Casinos and Wall Street]] that describes the career of a bright MIT mathematician, Ed Thorp.  The latter showed how to successfully deal with uncertainty in gambling and investing.  Even Taleb recognized Thorp's unique expertise within `Black Swan.'
B000MZHW40|5.0|An African fisherman Solomon Vandy (Djimon Hounsou in a powerful performance) wants a better life for his son so he makes sure he gets to school every day, hopefully one day he will be a lawyer. But this is Africa and nothing is that easy especially in a country torn apart by civil war. Danny Archer (Leonard DiCaprio stunningly good) is an ex-soldier of fortune now a diamond smuggler with some pretty high connections in the diamond industry. Director Edward Zwick pulls these two lives together in a powerful, sobering and riveting story. Maddy Bowen (an awesome Jennifer Connelly) an American journalist gets involved with Archer as she tries to get to the bottom of the muck in the diamonds business. But emotional core of the movie is Vandy's attempt to find his son who whe believes has been captured by the African rebels and his unblinding love for his family and attempts to find them and keep them together. This movie might make you think twice before you put on that diamond necklace, it pulls no punches and will leave you stunned at times. But great acting, a powerful story and superb directing make this a powerhouse of an action thriller.
B00006BTCA|4.0|THere is a lot of whining about this cd for some reason, what really is it that bothers you so much?    I find the music is good, the lyrics somewhat insightful (if you can gather any meaning from them), they've got a great vibe I think. This CD in my opinion is one of the best since 2000.    Lot of people complaining that it's just copying of some other band, who probably just copied some other band that just copied another again. If you get elitist enough you could track all music back to the first person to play the guitar \\"OH MY GOSH THEY RIPPED HIM OFF!\\"    I love post punk new wave stuff, the smiths, the cure new order joy division are some of my favorite bands. I don't think this cd rips them off at all. Are there simular things about them with other bands??? yes, but there are probably maybe 7 bands I can think of that are really hard to trace back their influences. What I'm saying is ALL MUSIC is product of other music. Getting down on a band because they make very clear their influences compared to those that try to be original is stupid. There are no real original bands anymore.    The songs are their own, and they are good, the lyrics are their own, and they fit well with the music and the vibe of the band, if you truly listen to this cd without being a music elitist prick, you'll see that it's actually quite amazing. \\"Stella was a diver and she's always down\\" and \\"the new\\" are probably some of the sweetest tracks to be released in the past 10 years, not to mention the singles \\"obstacle 1\\" and \\"PDA\\", great tracks from a band that is in touch with there musical roots and imbraces those roots.
B00005JPHT|4.0|There's a saying, the best way to judge a country is by the way it treats the poor and sick. I hope other countries have number one, never heard of this saying and number two, never see this movie. Michael Moore's \\"Sicko\\" is a harsh look at the U.S. health-care system and the government's inability to take care of its citizens.<br /><br /> Moore's documentary is not about the 47 million Americans who are uninsured. Instead the film is about those who are insured but have fallen through the cracks of the system. When injured they are usually denied on their claims and are left to pay for medical expenses themselves. The film has a host of incidents in which this has happened. One man accidently cuts off two of his fingers with a power saw. The hospital tells he is only covered for one. He must pick which one he wants put back on. One of his fingers will cost $60,000 the other $12,000. He decides to go with the $12,000 finger as the other one is thrown away.<br /><br /> Stories such as this one are countered with stories from people from other countries including Canada, London and France where the citizens have universal health-care. They laugh at Moore when he asked them how much a visit to the hospital cost. When he asks them \\"why are you laughing\\"? They say because they've never been asked such a question.<br /><br /> I'm a big fan of Moore's films. I enjoyed his last film \\"Fahrenheit 9/11\\". I thought it was one of the best films of 2004. I also liked \\"Bowling for Columbine\\". While I don't think the film is as good as \\"Fahrenheit 9/11\\" just because it wasn't as rabble rousing to me, \\"Sicko\\" is still a call for action. It filled me with contempt. Why can't America help and take care of all of us. Why are millions of people, including myself, without health-care. My job doesn't even offer me coverage because I work part-time. If God forbid something should happen to me, I don't even want to think what would happen to me.<br /><br /> Lots of people complain Michael Moore hates America, in fact a movie was made about Moore with that exact same title, but why? Because he exposes unpleasant truths about this country? Well, isn't that just too bad. I feel it's more of an injustice if someone sees something wrong in this country and says nothing then if someone speaks out, even if others don't want to hear it.<br /><br /> Is Moore's film fair and balanced? Probably not. No big shots from the medical companies are interviewed. No doctors, well Americans ones anyway, are either. Moore doesn't try to explain their side at all. It is a completely one-sided agrument. But, guess what? I don't want to hear their excuses. Moore makes it very simple when he says HMO's are strickly out to make profit. They don't want to pay for your medical expenses. That is considered a \\"medical lost\\". The object is to take all of your money and never provide you with coverage. When dealing with \\"people\\" like that, who wants to hear their side? How do you justify such behavior? We understand all we need to know. They are money hungry. It's business, it's not personal. All they see is dollar and cents. We see people suffer.<br /><br /> I don't know if this was Moore's intention, it probably wasn't, but this was the first film I ever saw which convinced me to want to live in another country. When you see the way people in Canada and France live, for instance, did you know they get five weeks of paid vacation? A week's paid vacation for their honeymoon? The government sends someone to help new mom's take care of their children for no charge? Doctors make house calls? Who wouldn't want such benefits. And the kicker is, they work a 35 hour week! I already have a passport, I'm just packing my bags.<br /><br /> Many people claim the film is Moore's best. As I said, I don't agree, but, the documentary will make you look at the world differently. It will make you think. It is a call for action. Moore doesn't explore all the details. Like, how much in taxes does all this cost? Moore never interviews truly poor and sick people from these other countries, he only interviews sick people from America. Is it because of our health-care system we have all these sick people and these other countries don't or did Moore do this on purpose just to make his point? Either way, I don't care. It's just something to think about.<br /><br /> In the end \\"Sicko\\" is one of the year's best films. It was an incredible experience for me which changed the way I look at the world and the direction I want to lead my life. Will others have the same experience? Will they be as struck by this film as I was? Who knows. If they've ever been sick they might.<br /><br /> Bottom-line: This harsh look at the U.S. health-care system is one of the year's best. It is a call of action and will get your emotions going into high gear.ople from these other countries, he only interviews sick people from America. Is it because of our health-care system we have all these sick people and these other countries don't or did Moore do this on purpose just to make his point? Either way, I don't care. It's just something to think about.     In the end \\"Sicko\\" is one of the year's best films. It was an incredible experience for me which changed the way I look at the world and the direction I want to lead my life. Will others have the same experience? Will they be as struck by this film as I was? Who knows. If they've ever been sick they might.     Bottom-line: This harsh look at the U.S. health-care system is one of the year's best. It is a call of action and will get your emotions going into high gear.
0061240486|3.0|Neil Gaiman's STARDUST is available in a trade paperback (marketed as a \\"fairy tale for adults\\" and in a \\"movie tie-in teen\\" edition (which I purchased for a classroom library).  Having finished it, I'm left to wonder why Gaiman bothered trying to appeal to adults with a few gratuitous scenes that were not only unnecessary to the book but inappropriate to the fantasy genre.  The most glaring example would be the description of how the protagonist Tristran Thorn was conceived between a faerie mother and a human father.  While the rest of the book reads straight out of Grimm's or Andersen's Fairy Tales, this scene and, to a lesser degree, a very few others, leave you scratching your head.  I'm no prude, but when you consider how young readers (even 8 to 12-year-olds) love fantasy and how this edition will attract them with its color photos from the movie inserted in the middle, you have to wonder about the marketing.<br /><br />Slow to start, the plot eventually engages you as halfbreed Tristran enters Faerie in search of a fallen star to return to his sworn love, Victoria Forester.  Thorn meets a hairy little elf-like creature, trees with cutting leaves, more than one witch, a unicorn, and, eventually, his star (a beautiful young woman with a broken leg).  The star, Yvaine, has little patience for the endearingly earnest young man, but is eventually sworn to him when he saves her life.  The rest plays out in typical storybook fashion.<br /><br />STARDUST contains two subplots that also involve an interest in the star.  One involves an evil witch who covets the still-beating heart of Yvaine, for if you eat of a freshly-cut out heart of a star, you are returned to a youthful state.  The other involves seven murderous sons of the dying Lord of Stormhold, who must retrieve a stone being worn around the neck of -- guess who? -- the fallen star, Yvaine.  This plot takes a rather unrealistic turn in the end, and although you might argue that it is fantasy, after all, you will see that Gaiman neglects to play fair by providing the reader with any passing clue about the total number of children (as opposed to sons) sired by Lord Stormhold early on in the book.  In other words, the Stormhold sub-plot resolution comes out of left Faerie, so to speak.<br /><br />All in all, a passing good fairy tale that may sell well depending on the fortunes of the movie which, as of this review, has not yet been released.  With a faster start, an added stardust particle of foreshadowing, and faith in its ability to appeal to both adults and young adults without a few randy descriptions, this book could've been a much brighter star.  As it is, not bad at all, as long as the night is clear and the light pollution is not so bad.an neglects to play fair by providing the reader with any passing clue about the total number of children (as opposed to sons) sired by Lord Stormhold early on in the book.  In other words, the Stormhold sub-plot resolution comes out of left Faerie, so to speak.    All in all, a passing good fairy tale that may sell well depending on the fortunes of the movie which, as of this review, has not yet been released.  With a faster start, an added stardust particle of foreshadowing, and faith in its ability to appeal to both adults and young adults without a few randy descriptions, this book could've been a much brighter star.  As it is, not bad at all, as long as the night is clear and the light pollution is not so bad.
075640407X|4.0|I look forward to the next installment. This Chapter was filled with wonder and a world that allowed me to immerse myself into a different reality. A world that left me wanting, which is good, unless you leave the reader with little or no payoffs. Which is my only, petty, gripe. I hope to be rewarded at the end with at least a few questions answered. I had just hoped to have a couple payoffs, instead it seems I will wait for the next for rewards.    Hurry up.
1582701709|1.0|I have been following the \\"New Thought\\" metaphysical teachings since two years ago.  There has been tons of books written before about the central ideas this book is talking about....so there is absolutely nothing new in this book....therefore it really perplexes me why all the buzz about this book?  I mean the over of the book is appealing and the name of the book \\"the Secret\\" makes people curious what secret it is that they're the only ones who don't know.
0891349553|5.0|This book gives detailed explanations and has great pictures, it is helpful and inspirational : it allows you to expand your skills beyond the book's examples. A must for fimo-maniacs. Katherine Dewey is probably the most gifted polymer clay artist in the world but is able to use pedagogy to share her knowledge.  I do not recommend it for beginners or children though, as some of the creations are detailed and might require some anatomy basics to be sculpted successfully.
0194001164|5.0|This is an excellent dictionary, with an excellent cd rom, specially to whose are learning English. However, the paper used do print the text is a bad thing about this dictionary: it is too thin.
B000OLGCHA|2.0|All I can say is this. If the producers want the last two movies to do well, one of the main things they need to do is get a decent composer. Seriously, do absolutely whatever it takes to get John Williams back, or get James Horner, or Howard Shore, or Danny Elfman. Really, anyone that is a serious film score composer and knows how to write for an epic action adventure movie. Stop hiring people whose only credits are writing jingles for stupid TV shows.   Not related to the score, they need to also get a real director who has had experience with large film budgets. Get Spielberg or Bruckheimer to produce it. And please, please, PLEASE recast Dumbledore. Michael Gambon may be a great gangster, but he is a horrible Dumbledore.
B000LXH0AE|5.0|I somehow missed this one in the theaters, but was wonderfully surprised and pleased on many levels to find this gem on DVD.  This film just gets better and better. It has amazing script and superlative acting and the GUI graphics that accompany the on screen action add an intriguing level of humor and meaning. After seeing it for the firm time, I not only wanted to watch this film again but also to get on the phone and tell all my friends about it.    The film tells the story of an IRS agent (Will Ferrell)who starts out as \\"real\\" but one-dimensional character (with OCD, no less) in someone else's novel, who then \\"gets a life\\" only to learn that his author (Emma Thompson) plans to end that life prematurely.  Add to to these two amazing performances those of Maggie Gyllenhaal's role as the free-spirit baker, Dustin Hoffman as the eccentric professor, and Queen Latifah as the editorial assistant, for acting that will knock your socks off.  The film, which operates on many levels, is funny, poignant, clever, witty, provocative and over-all just amazing. Both my husband (whose taste in movies does not always coincide with mine) and I thoroughly enjoyed this film. Definitely worh buying!
1591841666|5.0|This book prods a person to think and focus, saying what people know to be true but have such a hard time acting upon.<br /><br />I also appreciate Seth keeping it short and to the point.  I tire of books where one has to wade through page after page of cooked up filler to get to the meat of the matter.
B000OQF6N6|3.0|With Zeitgeist, frontman Billy Corgan, along with drummer Jimmy Chamberlin have successfully reformed the Smashing Pumpkins and revitalized the band after seven years of silence. Despite several other projects, it seems the Pumpkins have been and always will be this duo's best artistic outlet.<br /><br />As a pumpkin fan of many years, I was at first a little skeptical of a new album to be released without guitarist James Iha and Bassist D'arcy Wretzky.  I know there are rumors that those two never had much of a role on any albums, but it still seemed incomplete to go on without them. However, after listening to the album several times, I must admit that the band has proven they can still make good music without all four original members.<br /><br />Zeitgeist comes on strong and rocks hard throughout most of the record, proving that not only are the Pumpkins still capable of making good music, but can still rock, even into their 40's. Zeitgeist, a nostalgic record, largely rehashes (albeit a in a much sunnier fashion) the past.<br /><br />Billy delivers bone-crushing walls of guitar sounding similar to the likes of Pumpkin classics Siamese Dream and Mellon Collie & The Infinite Sadness, as well as screeching guitar solos harkening back to the neo-psychedelic sounds that made Gish great. Jimmy pounds the heck out of the drums in manic fashion, giving the album a raw, untouched feel.<br /><br />Production is approached differently than on previous albums. Corgan's voice seems to float above the music, and in places is strangely chorused (with itself?).  Jimmy's drumming is front and center, sometimes does not blend as well with the music as it could.<br /><br />There are moments that will quickly bring the listener back to the Pumpkins familiar mid-90's territory such as the hard hitting numbers  \\"Doomsday Clock,\\" \\"7 Shades of Black,\\" \\"Tarantula,\\" \\"Bring the Light,\\" and \\"(Come On) Let's Go.\\"<br /><br />\\"Bleeding the Orchid,\\" a dark, catchy track is reminiscent of a sound somewhere between \\"Adore\\" and \\"Machina.\\"<br /><br />\\"That's the Way (My Love is),\\" \\"Starz,\\" \\"Neverlost\\" and \\"Pomp and Circumstances\\" are well-done mid-range rockers that are closer to the sound found on Zwan and Billy's solo record.<br /><br />One difference with Zeitgeist, and perhaps in an attempt to stay relevant, is that the band takes on some political issues. Even the artwork indicates early on that this album has something to say.  On the epic, standout 10-minute long rocker \\"United States,\\" Billy calls for revolution, for change and challenges political apathy with the ironic statement \\"I don't know what I believe, but if I feel safe, what do I need?\\"  In the pop number  \\"For God and Country\\" Billy questions patriotism and fighting for a country under God.  Coming from a band that mostly wrote songs about the inner struggle with all of it's associated emotions and search for meaning in a sometimes-hard life, it is a bit odd to hear a less timeless theme such as politics come forth.<br /><br />What is missing on this record are the more somber, more mellow songs, which in the past have been a huge element of the pumpkins repertoire.  Also missing are the incredible combinations and buildups from of quiet-to-loud. While the new sound is definitely high-energy and aggressive, it is playing only on the heavy elements of the past, which are only part of the puzzle that defines the \\"Pumpkin sound.\\"<br /><br />The Pumpkins are not breaking any new ground with Zeitgeist, but they are also not tarnishing their legacy as a great band, which is more than can be said of many reunion efforts.<br /><br />Overall, Zeitgeist is a good record.  One of the best of the year, in fact, and it is a record that stands out from most of the popular modern rock of the moment.  Most people will find the songs, aggressive edge, excellent guitar and drum more than appealing. Zeitgeist is not the Pumpkins' best, but it is definitely an album worth buying and listening to for Pumpkinsfans old and new.
1582701709|4.0|This book is not anything a true searcher has not encountered.  The good thing is that at the end of each chapter there is a listing/summary that  can be copied and used for a week or so to remind one of the concepts. things don't change unless you do, and so try the summary for a week every day.  Then the next one and so on. If you're stuck its worth it.
0060763892|5.0|Rolicking good fun read, James rollins at his best. always interesting to see where his imagination will take you.
0307237699|4.0|Barack is an intelligent man - no question.  No detail is skipped in this lenghty biography.  while the book begins smoothly it becomes a bit too entrenched in political details.  However, I suppose that's the point.  More or less this book is a political stand wrapped in the cloth of a biography.  While I did enjoy it, I found some of its content to be a bit too in depth.  Perhaps to the political scientist this would be the part they'd love.  You decide.
0345350499|5.0|Let's just get one thing straight. There are more good reviews on this book than there are bad. If you simply don't like the book or think that \\"it never ends\\" then don't read it. Bradley has set up a world of imagination in the days of King Arthur. This is mainly about the women behind the throne. It is one of my favorite books and I am planning on reading it again. Give it a try, it's a full of religion, magic, romance, and angst. I love this book.
0446677450|4.0|First thing first.  This is not a how-to book, it's a book on mindset.  With that frame of reference, I think you will find this book very helpful.  The repetitiveness of it does cause one to skip ahead, but I believe that the author is subscribing to the thought that if you hear something 5 or 6 times, it will sink in.  It did for me.
0767802659|3.0|While I am proud to see some of his books made into movies, myself as an avid Heinlein collector finds fault with the straying from the storyline.    As a standalone picture I enjoyed it, but it was not to me Heinlein's vision in the book he wrote.  The focus on family was taken aside to focus on some girl, the focus of maturity was made to be a coming of age item and love interests.    Don't get me wrong I like the film, but it was not Robert Heinlein's book.
1594489505|3.0|The strength of this novel, as with the author's previous book, is the child parent relationship at the start of the novel.  For some reason, he has a knack for capturing the wishes, pleasures, and fears a child faces.  After part one, the quality of the story gradually deteriorates.  Hosseini then returns to his penchant for describing gore and stomach turning scenes.  I failed to be gripped by these awful descriptions.  At first they provided some reality to the story.  As time advances, however, it simply turns into one horrific event after another.  This book fails to capture subtle emotions.  It is interesting enough, however, that I would recomend it just in recognition that other's taste will differ from mine.
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|Can someone just review the movie please?  It doesn't matter what is better.  If you own one type of player, you will buy that format!
006112429X|3.0|I wish this story had been written by Margaret Ann, not the author's alter ego Lionel. Even though the author is gifted and the story is compelling, the literary style is too contrived and it's frustrating at times.  Simplicity can be elegant.  I can't help but feel that Margaret Ann would have written from the heart. Lionel is pretentious.  \\"Nineteen Minutes\\" by Jodi Picoult is a much more honest read.
B00005JPKE|5.0|This excellent film from director Clint Eastwood demonstrates again Mr Eastwood's brilliance as a film maker. My only small complaint is that the film seemed a bit too long. Even the subtitles didn't distract from the enjoyment of the story. Some commentators with a political agenda have pointed out a scene in LETTERS FROM IWO JIMA where Americans committed a war crime, as if director Eastwood was making a blanket statement against American troops. But not long before that scene, he shows the Japanese committing a war crime. If the use of flame throwers seems a bit extreme in an all-out war against a no-surrender enemy, think about the Bataan Death March. The movie also shows some Japanese officers as being cruel toward their own men, ready to execute them on the spot without a trial for minor offenses. This attitude toward human life is reflective of the general kind of Japanese leadership that led to massive atrocities in China and elsewhere during World War Two. To see the battle for Iwo Jimo from the persepective of the Japanese who fought there is probably quite a novel movie-going experience for most Americans. You see the American air force, fleet and soldiers as the detached, distant, near silent enemy from the point of view of the Japanese soldiers (roles very well-acted) and the Americans are quite ominous -- and deadly. If anything, LETTERS FROM IWO JIMA is a kind of reverse fan letter to the American boys who fought and died in the Pacific against a brutal and homicidally aggressive dictatorship that attempted to enslave millions of people.
0618680004|5.0|Dawkins provides a clear and witty argument as to why \\"god,\\" as commonly understood by the main monotheistic religions of our time -Judaism, Christianity and Islam--almost certainly does not exist.  He reviews and critiques in an accessible but comprehensive manner the main philosophical arguments that have been advanced in favor of the existence such an entity, and shows how they are either flawed, or do not logically imply the existence of a deity as portrayed by the mentioned religions.  He also argues that, contrary to what some critics of atheistic views have argued, religion is not necessary for the existence of moral behaviors.  Religions do not have -nor should they-- an exclusive domain on moral issues.  If you are unsure -for whatever reason--that you should openly declare yourself an atheist, this book will provide you with the arguments to make up your mind, and fully accept the responsibility for your choice, as well as defend your right not to be discriminated for it.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This BBC title best working on earth.  So many beautiful lifeform in our planet.  And HD ist the best way to see this.  I recomended exactly nature anf HD lovers....
B000QUCNOK|1.0|This film held you to almost the end.  But in typical Hollywood fashion, it had to induce the audience with its rendition of a slam-it-in-your face disgusting scenes.      First off, it should not be for sale in regular stores where someone young could accidently pick it up.     Secondly, I thought some actors/actresses had better sense then to be in a movie such as this.
B000OONTFU|4.0|I dreamed always how looking this film in HD.  And i buy at last great colors and actions. If you want to try HD,  make this with Matrix ultra collection
B000N3ST7A|1.0|I purchased this CD thinking this would be great collection of my favorite songs, but upon listening to the CD was greatly disappointed.  I LOVE Stevie Nicks work, but this attempt to re-vamp her old stuff and make it new is just woefully awful.  Now I know why I was able to get it used for only $4.00.  Don't waste your money.
B000ROALCG|3.0|I really was enjoying this CD!  9 tracks of 70's style Salsa (something I grew up listening to) done with new arrangements and STELLAR vocals by the swesome Marc Anthony...    ...up until track 10!  I really, REALLY wish hubby Marc would be honest with Jen and tell her SHE CAN'T SING!  A well written song with a HORRIBLE singer, brings this CD down from 5 stars to a 3!  Talk about buzz kill.    A high recommend, if you can somehow edit out the 10th track.
B000HA4WTS|3.0|Here is the good in the movie:    CARS!!!  Lots of them and most of them beautiful.  I enjoyed watching them move fast and was appreciative of my sound system because when they zoomed by not only did it sound good, but my bass made it feel good.  The drifting was pretty cool, though by the end of the movie there was just too much focus on that aspect of \\"racing\\".  This movie had some cool car chases and car races, even before the drifting came into play.  The races were the only thing keeping me on the edge of my seat.    HD-DVD.  I'm reviewing the HD-DVD version of this movie.  Wow!!!  Every scene was pristine and awesome.  Not a single detail gets missed and was one of the better high definition movies out there as far as film quality goes (some of them don't look much better than a standard DVD does).  I'll give the movie an extra start just for this.    Unfortunately, there was a lot of bad about the movie:    The story.  Ugh!!!  It was hard to find anything in this story that was believable or smart.  Little in this movie actually made sense.  Often times when a movie's story is this terrible it seems like the writers and actors were aware of this and you could tell it in the performance.  But I'm actually afraid that those involved with the story actually thought it was a good story.    The acting.  Oh please.    The love story.  Blech!    The reality factor.  I'm more likely believe movies like \\"Battlefield Earth\\" would happen before anything in this movie would actually happen.    By the middle of the movie I just started fast forwarding to the action.  That was the only redeeming factor in this movie and that made it so I was glad I didn't catch this in the theater.  I don't think I would have made it through the movie without walking out or falling asleep.    If you will be entertained by the picture quality and the car racing scenes then pick up this movie.  If you are looking for a good story then avoid this movie like the plague.
0743277708|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read. I admit I was reluctant to begin at first, and the book was boring, but after 100 or so pages I was completely hooked. The suspense is amazing and it's just a wodnerful adventure, if you can keep from getting distracted. The imagery is splendid and the mix of tragedy, action, and those awesome El-ahrairah stories just made it thoroughly enjoyable for me. There's a reason this book is a legend for nothin, people.
0765316978|4.0|It's not easy to follow a classic and a thriller, so Scalzi definitely deserves a bit of a reprieve.  But The Last Colony lacks both the freshness of Old Man's War and the urgency of The Ghost Brigades.  Nonetheless, the story is sound and Scalzi pulls off another complex ending whereby he unties a Gordian knot holding down his protagonists and reverses it upon the \\"bad\\" guys (who in this case aren't completely bad).    The set-up for the series is simple, man has taken to the stars and is colonizing the universe.  But there is no shortage of other sentient spacefaring creatures large and small (they're not just bipeds with funny faces) competing with man for habitable worlds, therefore the Colonial Union has been formed to administer, protect and defend the colonies.  The defenders come from Earth: retirees seeking more to life than slowly living out their golden years sign up at age 65 to become soldiers for the Colonial Union when they hit their 75th birthday.  In exchange for the sacrifice, they get new genetically engineered military-grade bodies and, if they survive a 10-year tour of duty, they receive another body (civilian class) and can live a second lifetime on any colony.    Old Man's War (*****) is the first-person account by John Perry of his experiences as he transforms from 75-year old widower to superhuman marine with his old mind in a new body to inadvertent war hero.  It's derivative, but excellent: kind of like Starship Troopers with less political theory but more character, plot and humor.      The Ghost Brigades (****1/2) is a straight story about the Colonial Union's attempt to catch a megalomaniacal traitor who seeks to give away all humanity's secrets -- it engineers the traitor's double as a member of the secret shock troops, the Ghost Brigades, sort of super Navy-SEALs whose consciences and personalities are derived from interesting sources (read Old Man's War for the explanation).  A fine entry into the space canon with great plotting andno small amount of sympathy for some of the enemy.    The Last Colony is the story of how the Colonial Union use Perry and his new wife to lead a colony of people on a new planet in the face of a massive alliance of humanity's competitors that seeks to allocate all habitable planets and vows to destroy \\"outlaw\\" colonies.  Naturally for Scalzi, there's more than one twist and neither the Colonial Union nor the enemy is quite as good or bad as it seems.      All told, this is a fine trilogy and even though this is the weakest entry, it is still a solid novel and well worth reading.
B000OLGCHA|1.0|The soundtrack from the Order of the Phoenix was terribly disappointing.  It does not incorporate much of anything from the previous soundtracks, making one wonder if this was, in fact, music from the movie.  Not worth the money.
B0006Z2KYI|5.0|TO BE OR NOT TO BE paired legendary director Ernst Lubitsch with the insanely-talented comedienne Carole Lombard (in what turned out to be her final film).  Written and released during the height of WW2, the film provided a much-needed breath of fresh air for wartime audiences whilst mercilessly skewering the Nazi regime.<br /><br />In Nazi-occupied Poland, theatre supercouple Joseph and Maria Tura (Jack Benny and Carole Lombard) wow the crowds with their repertory production of \\"Hamlet\\"--and moonlight as members of the Polish Resistance.  Based on a story from Melchoir Lengyel (\\"Ninotchka\\"), the laughs fly thick and fast, with Jack Benny in his element as the most hammy Hamlet that ever was; and Carole Lombard is at her sexiest as Tura's glamourpuss wife.  The strong ensemble cast includes Robert Stack, Felix Bressart, Lionel Atwill, Sig Ruman, Maude Eburne and Tom Dugan.<br /><br />Fans of Carole Lombard are the ones who have always appreciated this gem more than most, because it was her last film appearance.  In 1942, while returing home from a warbonds drive, Carole and her mother were both killed after their plane crashed outside of Las Vegas.  TO BE OR NOT TO BE was kept on the shelf until a suitable period of mourning had elapsed.  It was later re-made in 1983 by Mel Brooks as a co-starring vehicle for Brooks and his wife Anne Bancroft.<br /><br />Still as fresh today as it was over 50 years ago, TO BE OR NOT TO BE remains one of Hollywood's classiest classic comedies.  (Single-sided, dual-layer disc).
B00005JPLW|5.0|Frank Miller's stylish piece of a graphic novel gets an equally stylish treatment on screen.  Zach Snyder transfers the book almost panel for panel to the digital media and makes it a sight to behold.      There are visual aspects of 300 that deserve a lot of praise.  Lets start with the photography; although nearly all CGI, the landscapes and panorama's are stunning and vibrantly shot.  The slightly washed out color gives it that look of an ancient time and place.  With so much emphasis placed on the beauty of the scenery as well as the tactical nature of the battles, you loose yourself in the movie.   The actors have pumped themselves up to Greek warrior stature and studied at the Roman Warrior Military academy in order to take on the skills of spear and shield combat.  It's impressive stuff, especially when you see the tactics actually being used so effectively during long camera shots of these Spartans trouncing their enemies even though they are outnumbered.      The plot is based...and pay close attention to that word `based', on the Battle of Thermopylae (The-mop-pole-ee).  This battle was where 300 Spartan Warriors held off the massive Army of the Persian empire from getting through a mountain pass, buying time for the other unconquered nations to form an army.  In order to make it more dramatic in the comic medium, the opposing forces were composed of various types of warriors from different cultures that had been absorbed into the Persian Army.  This makes the battles more interesting as the Persian Leader, King Xerxes (Rodrigo Santoro) sends wave after wave of increasingly difficult and skilled fighters against the live-to-die Spartans.  The Kings attempt at Diplomacy with King Leonidas (Gerard Butler) fails as well so there is no choice but to wipe them out, no matter how many men he looses.    As I said, the plot may be based in history, but the dramatic license takes it way out of the factual environment and puts it in the realm of fantasy.  But not before you understand the reason these men fought; for glory and honor and to protect their people.  All good causes.  No matter how fantastic the movie gets, the basic premise is firmly grounded in the first fifteen minutes of the film.  The relationship between King and Queen, the proud nature of the Spartans and their resistance to being conquered...all made very clear.  Butler gives a powerfully over the top performance and pulls it off without a hitch.  Lena Headey, playing his Queen does well in a plot line that was written only for the movie to extend her character.  The battle scenes are spectacular and ***warning*** very violent, but not gory.  To me, gory is blood and guts when there isn't any need.  These battles were fought by soldiers who only knew one way to fight; to the death.
B0002946M2|4.0|I wear them around town, for comfort.  I find them very comfortable, very easy to get on and off.  I don't wear them enough to comment on odor issues.  When they get wet, they do take some time to dry, but there's not much to get wet anyway.
1582701709|1.0|No response from Warehouse Deals, despite repeated attempts to contact.  I'll never use this seller again.
B000P2A24W|5.0|Wasn't sure how I'd like this CD, but after seeing Bon Jovi sing some of the songs on TV I ordered it.  I was very pleasantly surprised.  I like most of the songs on the CD.  The quality of the CD is excellent.  The duet between Jon Bon Jovi and Leann Rimes is amazing and is now one of my favorite songs.
B000MRAAJW|4.0|This a showcase dvd to use for your new HD DVD tv or player. Picture quality is excellent and sound is also very good. We use it to encourage our children to become environmentalists.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I didn't watch Firefly when it was on Tv (mostly becuase I don't watch a lot of it), but my friends suggested that I watch it and boy was I glad I took their suggestion! From start to finish I loved it all.
0439813786|5.0|Don't let the size of Brian Selznick's \\"The Invention of Hugo Cabret\\" intimidate you.  This book, despite it's gargantuan size, was a breeze to read!  My eight year old begged to keep reading each night and we were both mesmerized by the beautiful, highly detailed drawings throughout the book.  The illustrations alone make this book a must!      The story of a lonely, orphaned boy, living in a train station and the characters he meets throughout the story are sure to draw you in.  Each character has secrets that intersect in ways that will keep you guessing and you'll want to push back bedtime for the kids to learn more about them all!      The text and illustration layout is by far the most unique I have ever seen and make it easy to read aloud, especially for children who tire after long passages.  The book makes use of a layout that puts longer passages and shorter ones together in a way that is both suspenseful and delightful.  It is perfect for reading out loud with the entire family and is the only book my son has ever asked to read well after bedtime.
B00005OWIU|5.0|This is a must have for any REAL HP fan.....had to have it!  Along w/ the other ones available :)
B0000009RX|5.0|The man was a genius. This album just emphasizes and puncuates that fact. No matter what your taste in music, you can't dispute the technical expertise he showed in all his work.
6300216365|5.0|Woody Allen plays film magazine writer Allan Felix, a man who, since his wife left him, has been an amalgam of devastation and cowardice. Allan is a disheveled mess. An uber-schlemiel.    Helping him get back into the dating world is his apparition of Humphrey Bogart (Jerry Lacy). He's Allan's hidden, tough-guy interior longing to come out, but Allan's too scared to let him take the leap. Allan's no Bogart, but will he be by the end of the movie?    Besides Bob Hope, who Woody admittedly lifted his \\"faux nervous guy\\" from, PLAY IT AGAIN, SAM marks one of the first appearances of Hero Neuroticus. There doesn't seem to be a wasted sweat bead, grunt, or record toss (more on this later). It's also the first pairing of Woody and the magnificent Diane Keaton.    SAM is also a great movie to watch if you've never seen a Woody Allen movie, or if you have and aren't impressed. This is because it was made before Woody wanted to make serious movies. This was one of his \\"early funny ones.\\" It's a nice mixture of smart jokes and sight gags, one such being when he is at a loss for words after his date asked him about his ex-wife. He is holding a record, and when he casually tosses his arms up to nervously shrug off the question, the record goes sailing out of its jacket and crashes off screen. Perhaps one of the funniest sight gags I've ever seen. I've heard secondhand that Woody didn't tell the crew he was going to do that, so when they broke up laughing, they ruined the shot.    PLAY IT AGAIN, SAM, adapted by Woody Allen from his Broadway play, was directed by Herbert Ross and photographed by Owen Roizman, both of whom have laundry lists of commercial successes. It's an adeptly structured romantic comedy, for love eventually does find Allan Felix in the end. And like Bogey, he handles it with class. Here's looking at you, Woody.
B00005JPD0|4.0|I don't know about you...But when I sit down tired; wanting to be entertained, this is the antidot. It moves...It invites you... to a spectulative guess that you may be wrong about. Denzel has that dog on a bone curiosity that you want to follow, just to see if he he right. Can he be wrong? Can this lady be saved? Grab your pillow and favorite snack, here we go for a great night in time travel!
051788710X|5.0|Although all Robert Moss books are wonderful, Conscious Dreaming is one of my favoites.  Moss is by far my favorite dream author.  The book is fascinating, easy to read, and very informative.  It contains excellent istructions for beginners as well as experienced dreamers.  Not only do I remember more dreams after reading this book, now but I can use them more effectively to guide me through life.  My life is richer and more meaningful.     The only thing that has helped my dreaming more than this book are Robert Moss workshops, which make this book come alive!  Moss is so obviously not in this for the money.  After doing a dozen or so workshops I can tell that his teaching and writing come so passionately from his heart.  He writes and teaches because he truly believes in helping others with dreaming- it's his calling.  Other dream teachers in the field honor,recognize and hightly respect him as a pioneer in the field.  He has synthesized dream work like no one else.  I enthusiastically look forward to future dream books by Moss and highly recommend this one to you.
B000OZ2CZW|4.0|Rihanna's last two albums were hit and miss and sounded incredibly rushed. Her second, A Girl Like Me, managed to go platinum and produced two successful singles. Still, she did not go down in my book as a name to look out for. But with this album, Good Girl Gone Bad, she demands our attention. She has stepped out with a bold hairstyle, fashionable clothes, a somewhat \\"rebellious\\" attitude and a new confidence that we have yet to see from her before. This album, although not flawless, is a huge improvement from her previous efforts.    The good: First, Rihanna's voice has improved tremendously. The annoying nasal quality, present on her last two discs, has almost completely disappeared. Also, her delivery is much more emotionally charge and she finally sounds connected to the music. The production on this album is mostly top notch. Of course the first single, \\"Umbrella,\\" is excellent, although is may be a little over-produced. \\"Push Up On Me\\" is an undeniably catchy piece of 80's-tinged pop. But \\"Breakin' Dishes\\" has to be the highlight track, for me at least. The fierce track opens with Rihanna fuming, \\"I don't know who you think I am!\\" It is entertaining to hear Rihanna angry and the tongue-in-cheek lyrics are quite humorous. The Timbaland-produced \\"Sell Me Candy\\" and \\"Lemme Get That\\" are amazingly catchy. \\"Say It\\" is a sweet track with great harmonies, \\"Question Existing\\" is touching, and the title track is a great way to end.    The bad: At times, it feels like Rihanna is trying too hard to be different and too much of a people pleaser (i.e. genre hopping, more pop-sounding, unconventional packaging). \\"Don't Stop the Music\\" was a terrible choice for a third single and I find the techno-pop track to be rather irritating. \\"Shut Up and Drive,\\" is a nice rock influenced track, but the lyrics are a bit trashy. However, \\"Hate That I Love You\\" with Ne-Yo would have to be the hands down worst track on the album. The song is  a lazy carbon copy of the featured artists' hit, \\"So Sick.\\" It even uses the same shuffling drumbeat. (Also, I'm no huge fan of Ne-Yo and I think his voice is nasal.) I heard a rumor that this will be the fourth single. Um... not a good idea. Lastly, Rihanna tends to sound like Nivea at times. (Not a surprise since Nivea's husband contributed, in some way or another, to four of the album's tracks.)    Although this album is not without flaws like some people claim, the good far outweighs the bad and I'm quite impressed. Good Girl Gone Bad is a huge improvement from Rihanna's past works in many aspects. Now if only they could choose the right singles to release this album could be a big success.
B00006IR5S|5.0|This is a must have for any REAL HP fan.....had to have it!  Along w/ the other ones available :)
B0007GAERG|5.0|I love the r & b tracks.  She is so fly.  The ballads are so so; they are not as good as her earlier work.  If you're looking for classic Mariah, this is not the album for you.  I love it.
B000NIVJGI|5.0|THIS MOVIE HAS GOOD SOUND AND PICTURE.  IT IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES I HAVE BOUT.
B000RO9PXC|3.0|Ah, poor Jim M., if he'd only stayed away from tobacco, alcohol and other dangerous drugs, he'd probably still be around AND this collection wouldn't have been so bad! I think this release could have left out the part about Jim's wanting to exhibit his \\"goods\\", too!
B0000X61VE|4.0|Most workouts seem to be more worried about everything but giving you a good workout. Of course if you do not use good common sense you can hurt yourself but if you pay attention to yourself you can get a top notch workout. I like her \\"Next Challenge\\" better but usually do not have the time for all that.    You may want to build up to Cindy's workouts though, I used Mr Loud (aka Tony Little) as I was very out of shape again. I mix them up, both of Cindy's real workouts, not her last one!!, with Gilead's ABS workout and Tony's Advanced Body Shaping to get myself in shape...    This video is great on DVD as you can choose a short workout or one of two longer workouts. Highly recommended to anyone not prone to self destruction and injury, otherwise use at your own risk...
B0000009SI|4.0|This is one of my all time favorite album from Zappa.  The first half of the cd is simply delirious.  If you want to discover FZ, this is a good one to start with.
B000OLGCHA|5.0|This is a must have for any REAL HP fan.....had to have it!  Along w/ the other ones available :)
B000QFAJ7S|1.0|Defenitely a great singer, but I was very disappointed on lyrics, arrangement, all of it.  Kind of depressing.  Granted her first album had some cheese ball songs, but her second was pretty good.  WTF is up with this one?...Not what I was expecting.
B000OPOANE|5.0|I already have the album which is brilliant so I was buying this version to check out the new format.    It's great the sound is definately a step up from CD and I enjoyed the acompanying video. It gave a real insight into the creative process Rush used during the making of the album.    I have not yet had time to test the interactive features but on the whole I think the new format is a sucess.
B000065U1N|5.0|The compelling story of the tragic outcome to what was supposed to be a textbook simple military mission fuels this well-told, often difficult to witness, 2002 Ridley Scott film. Recounting the 1993 daylight raid by US forces into a section of Mogadishu, Somalia controlled by agents of guerilla strong man Muhammad Aidid, and the eighteen-hour nightmare many of the American peacekeepers endured when that mission went horribly wrong, Black Hawk Down is a violent, frequently sad, realistically-depicted re-creation of events from that fateful time. In my experience Black Hawk Down is also the sort of film that needs more than one viewing, not only because the density and scope of the on-screen action can overwhelm almost anyone, but also because it is easy to lose track of who is who among the identically-dressed, similarly-featured young (shockingly young, to be honest) men who are caught up in the firefights that compose so much of the movie, and both the story and the actual human beings about whom it is concerned deserve to be recognized and distinguished as to what role they played in the battles, and what the ultimate outcome was for each of them. Black Hawk Down may or may not enter the pantheon of cinematic military classics, but in post-Vietnam/pre-Iraq War America, this depiction of violence and death in the horn of Africa was uniquely unsettling.
B0000009SG|4.0|This is the first album that I heard many years ago from Frank Zappa, my older brother use to play it sometimes.  Thirty years later, it is still a good one that I like to listen to, two thumbs up !
B00020HEG6|5.0|This is a must have for any REAL HP fan.....had to have it!  Along w/ the other ones available :)
B000J103WK|5.0|If you're an Eagles fan, this is a must have. If not, you certainly will be. I first rented the DVD from blockbuster and realized, what am I doing? I'll have to return this, I just gotta own it!!! I finally got to see/hear two of my all time fave songs, New Kid in Town and Lying Eyes since I haven't had the pleasure of watching their live show. All the other songs are great. The extra bonus interviews are very insightful. The sound quality is amazing. Even the little musical snippets of Wasted Time reprise and the keyboard intro to Tequila Sunrise are so beautiful it makes my heart ache. I'm a weekend warrior tiki bar musician and this past weekend was totally dedicated to singing all my fave Eagles tune with this dvd in mind, and was even better with tourists from Nashville who shared the same love for the Eagles. The arrangements, harmonies, singing and playing are all superior. You'll watch and appreciate this dvd for eternity, I certainly will.
B000P0I4O4|1.0|I rented this film expecting an easy to watch action film (my expectations were fairly low in terms of an intelligent script or suspense) but unfortunately I was so bored, I had to watch the film in installments.      Characters in the film are shallow and the introduction to them leaves you not caring one way or the other about them or what happens to them - a serious flaw in a thriller.  After all - how can there be suspense if you really don't care if any of the characters live or die?    The film finished and left myself and my girlfriend stunned as we were waiting for the big finale that explained what the hell the point of it all was.    No suspense, no sub plot, no real action and a terrible script (keep an eye out for the line delivered by one of the hitmen, \\"I don't know ... I just don't know\\" - its straight from a school play)    Its a terrible film and I wouldn't recommend it under any circumstances, you'd get more suspense & consistency just flicking the channel on the remote control every minute.
6305882606|4.0|This is a great movie, however, it is not worth $89. This must be an error on the sellers part. It can be purchased just about anywhere for $10.
B000H4JGZY|4.0|I didn't really care for this guy in the beginning, but what changed my mind was the music videos!  MAN, he is a HOT singer, I just see pure \\"sex\\" when I look at him, lol  Great combo of songs on this CD!
B000HWZ5WO|5.0|SHAKEN 'N' STIRRED is perhaps Robert Plant's most underrated solo album ever. Perhaps this is because it failed to reach the Top Ten status of its Led Zeppelin and Robert Plant solo predecessors, peaking at Number 20, but it could also be because it marked a departure in musical feel for Plant, largely forsaking his Led Zeppelin roots for a world beat sound mixed with Stevie Wonder-style R&B in some places. Ironically, the best song here is \\"Little By Little\\", which sounds similar to his first two solo albums. Nevertheless, the experiments that Plant and his band (this was the last album he'd make with his original solo band) tried out here are always exciting to hear, so maybe one day, this lost classic will get its due.
B000RGSOR8|5.0|What a breath of fresh air that St. Vincent is! This album is just flawless, there's not a bad song on this record. As for the comparisons made about her, I think it's a misconception; she's not as original and innovative as bjork or kate bush. She's her own artist, one that should be respected. I hope this album will eventually be recognized for the wonderful gem that it is!
B000H0MKGK|5.0|I had attended his last concert at the Woodlands, Texas and enjoyed his music very much.  I am a young 73.
B000BGH22W|5.0|This is a must have for any REAL HP fan.....had to have it!  Along w/ the other ones available :)
1594489505|5.0|I was shocked. This book is truly a window to another part of the world that I would have never seen before. I had to admit I was in tears during some parts of the book. But more than anything, this book brought to life the realities of people living so far away from me. Although it is fiction, I believe this could have been anyone's life story. This is a scary book for those who like to complain about a long line at the checkout counter. This book will change your perspection on life in general.
B000QUCNOK|5.0|`Perfume' released in '07 is one of the most absorbing, unpredictable, titillating, genre free films I've ever seen. It is a stylish and atmospheric period piece, a taut and perverse psychological thriller, a demented romance, and a dark, edgy comedy all rolled into one very surprising movie. If that weren't enough, it's also a parody, allegory, fable and parable. I guess the bottom line is it leaves the audience with so many unanswered questions and possibilities you can make of it whatever you wish.<br /><br />The movie will simultaneously surprise, disturb, repel and fascinate the viewer as it moves upside down and back again on a dizzying rollercoaster journey through the visceral world of odors and scents that defined 18th century France. This film has it all, mesmerizing cinematography, haunting soundtrack, superior cast and an extremely unique storyline that will keep you wondering where it's all headed until the shocking end. Even if you don't like it, you won't forget it. 'Perfume' is a viewing experience extraordinaire, surely destined to become a cult classic.
B000BTC5LW|5.0|I must admit that I am a huge fan of PF. But beyond that, this is a great DVD. The video is respectable on my high-def for being recorded quite a few years ago now. The audio is absolutely awesome in surround. When the helicopters were coming out of the synthesizer, my dog was looking at the ceiling trying to see where they were coming from: very realistic, great sound. Gilmore on guitar, dual synth's, the girls on backup, everything was beautiful vintage PF at their true best, and they were enjoying doing it. Unreal stage setup, effects, and oh yeah-the plane crash across the venue and the space ship that unfolds out of the ceiling. If this doesn't blow your mind, especially the last half-hour or so, there's something wrong.
B000002HRE|4.0|Metallica's LOAD surprised many by selling huge numbers and still winning many fans over despite Metallica's new image and new sound. Hell, it even won me over and I love Metallica's earlier efforts. RELOAD can, quite presumably, be seen as the mere sequel to load thanks to some of its sound being similar to the sonics found on LOAD, but it still works for the most part thanks to many memorable songs and Metallica's continuing evolution.     Most notably, Metallica continues to charge hard with the opening slam-bang of \\"Fuel\\", one of the highlights of RELOAD, thanks to it furious riffing and hard-hitting rhythms. Indeed, here singer/guitarist James Hetfield along with guitarist Kirk Hammett, bassist Jason Newsted, and drummer Lars Ulrich have created a song that should win most of the retained fans over. \\"The Memory Remains\\" follows in traditional suit, albeit with some strange odd breaks and Marianne Faithfull's \\"la-la-la's\\" sprinkling the second half of the song to breathe a new life into Metallica. Elsewhere, the band does again rock hard with \\"Better Than You\\"; goes again for country with the seven and a half minute \\"Low Man's Lyric, which features a hurdy-gurdy; they spit venom with the stomping \\"Attitude\\"; and they close the album with the majestic and towering \\"Fixxxer\\", which clocks in over eight minutes long. However, there is a little filler this time on this album, as is with \\"Prince Charming\\", a decent rocker that does nothing to break new ground; \\"Bad Seed\\", which plods despite showing some teeth and menace; and \\"Carpe Diem Baby\\", which still shows glimmers of promise. RELOAD takes some serious risks that, for the most part, pay off. However, it does come with the price of slight filler and a few throw-away tracks, that while still good, simply don't add enough to an otherwise satisfying record.    So while RELOAD still showed that there were many Metallica fans sticking around (it still sold an impressive 435,000 copies its first week of release), it also took some risks in losing some fans. Metallica will still remain by and large one of the best metal bands around. RELOAD is another addition to that all-important catalog of one of metal's finest bands. It may not win over new fans or win back old fans, but it still burns slow and sounds good after all these years.
0060763280|5.0|The tools to acomplish your monetary goals are pounded unto you by this great motivator.
B00000G3PA|1.0|What is Armageddon? Well Wrap your head in an American flag, loop \\"dont wanna miss a thing\\" by Arrowsmith at full volume, and have a friend poke both your eyes and box your ears.. there you have it
B00004YZ36|5.0|I discovered Geza Anda's Mozart Piano Concertos by accident 21 years ago on vinyl at college, and it is still the best interpretation of Mozart's piano concertos.
B000002HMH|5.0|Every now and then, a band shells out a heavy dose of majesty album after album before they hit a brick wall that will either crash down in front of them or might remain intact. Undoubtedly, Metallica might have sensed that fans would either embrace or turn away from a change of sound and even craft, as the band expanded its sonics and metal attack with slower tempos, hints of \\"alternative\\", and even some (hold your breath) country twang on LOAD, easily the band's most interesting and varied work. It's no KILL 'EM ALL; it's nowhere near MASTER OF PUPPETS; heck, it's not even METALLICA Pt. 2. And as it stands, it shouldn't need to be a part two of that breakthrough album. LOAD did without a doubt rattle some fans nerves, even creating serious doubt in some as to whether Metallica had truly lost their minds making this record. Rolling Stone even featured a cover with all four of them brandishing brand new short haircuts, creating a false sense that they had somehow gone \\"alternative\\" and wanted to fit into some kind of trend. LOAD represents a shift in terms of style and musical tastes for Metallica, and while they lost fans in the process, undoubtedly many stuck around and embraced the sound as it sold a whopping 680,000 copies in its first week of release.     LOAD's sound is presented in thundering form on the record's first track, \\"Ain't My Bitch\\", a churning riff-driven monster that features Hetfield's new trademark growl, Hetfield and guitarist Kirk Hammett's chunky riffing, Jason Newsted's roiling basss, and Lars Ulrich's hammering drums. It presents the band in a different time, a more crunchy and polished rock sheen than previous releases only barely hinted at, if at all. The first single off the album, the melodic and atmospheric \\"Until It Sleeps\\", is one of the few surprises on LOAD, as it features a crooning Hetfield pleading \\"so tell me why you've chosen me/don't want your grip/don't want your greed/don't want it\\" as the cautionary chorus taunts \\"so tearme open but beware/there's things inside without a care\\". Indeed, LOAD is a cautionary album, and it requires a careful listen to truly understand that this was an evolutionary step for Metallica. \\"King Nothing\\" and \\"2x4\\" are lean and muscular stomp-rock exercises that are both equally satisfying, with the latter even showing evidence of a little blues boogie in the groove. \\"Bleeding Me\\" is the epic centerpiece of the record, an eight minute plus opus that crawls with a roping riff in the beginning before many full-blown choruses emerge amongst the trodden beast, and Hetfield again sings \\"I'm diggin' my way/I'm diggin' my way to something/I'm diggin' my way to something better\\" like a wounded man near the light of a tunnel. On all of the aforementioned tracks, Lars drums pound hard, Hammett's leads are captivating, Hetfield's rhythm guitar shreds in chunky installments, and Newsted's bass pulses along with Lars beats. At times, though, the band does indeed try to scale back it's approach for an open breath of fresh air.     The band takes a stab at a country-rock twang on the heartfelt \\"Mama Said\\", a quiet moment featuring a country pedal steel, acoustic guitars, and Hetfield's quiet, sensitive crooning. It's almost a shock to hear something like this come from a band whose first album was titled KILL 'EM ALL, but they pull it off successfully (and, according to one website, it even charted on country radio!). Moments of \\"Bleeding Me\\" are quiet and introspective and melodic; \\"The House Jack Built\\" sounds like it could be menacing but never quite reaches that apex; and \\"Hero of the Day\\" is an aching nugget of \\"alternative\\" metal that feels like it was built for radioplay. At moments, the band does feel like it's overstaying it's welcome, as is more than apparent on the nearly ten-minute album closer, \\"The Outlaw Torn\\", and while that song has majesty of its own, it seems to drag a little in certain points. Indeed, at a hearty 78 minutes and 57 seconds over 14 tracks,you might feel like the word \\"filler\\" comes to mind, but really there isn't a mere shab of fillers save for a few spots of \\"Outlaw Torn\\" and even the rocking \\"Ronnie\\". But those extremely minor flaws are completely forgiveable as the band, throughout the album, take risks that pay off big for them in the form of big hooks, monster lean riffs, and pulverizing rhythmic attacks.     Indeed, while still many critics learned to love LOAD, many fans did not and ultimately wound up leaving behind Metallica and realizing they would never replicate the sound of METALLICA or anything before it. But many open-minded fans gave load a chance and it sold well over three million copies in mere months and found itself nominated for Grammys as well. But LOAD was a risk Metallica took and ultimately, it still seemed to pay off for these four juggernauts of metal. While many fans to this day still regard LOAD as the beginning of the end for Metallica, many others still praise the band for its willingness to experiment with different textures and grooves to give them a wider sonice palette. LOAD represents a change in Metallica's direction musically and it also paints a portrait of the kings of metal who are not afraid to take risks. Evolution, for better or worse, can pay off, and as is the case with LOAD, ultimately did.
B000053V7Q|3.0|I wouldn't have bought it if i'd have known songs had been cut out. We were dooped.
0439813786|5.0|This was such an interesting invention tale that I wish the author would write a sequel to it.
B000N4SHOE|5.0|My wife and I have seen this twice and will again after a time as it feeds the soul with beautiful, poetic and meaningful drama based on a true story about a woman who changed the very heart of England's Lake District forever with funds gained from books that delighted millions - young and old.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica is one of those bands that people love to love more than hate, and the band does have its share of haters. It began moreso with this, METALLICA, also referred to by numerous as \\"the black album\\". Many people felt that Metallica was going mainstream and selling out with this record, but more than ever it also gained acceptance by mainstream critics and more than three quarters of the fans embraced this album as a mixture of raw aggression and mainstream rock energy. Metallica carved a huge niche on the rock and metal scene with this album, selling well over ten million copies of this album to this day. And there are so many reasons why it was a huge success for the band.    \\"Enter Sandman\\" experiments with the band's thrashy sound by adding some groove-oriented textures into the mix, creating a menacing crunch song with some interesting lyrics sung as only Hetfield could. One thing you'll notice right away is how hard Lars' drums hit all over this album, and it creates an monolithic feeling on each track. Hetfield's and Kirk Hammett's guitars crunch, seethe, and dominate all over this album, and you can hear Newsted's intense, throbbing bass all over this album, and he also contributes background vocals which sound excellent. The band can hammer home hard with some headbanger worthy cuts (\\"Sad But True\\", \\"Wherever I May Roam\\", \\"Holier Than Thou\\") and throw some sparse gentle acoustic moments into their volatile mixture (\\"The Unforgiven\\", \\"Nothing Else Matters\\"). \\"Nothing Else Matters\\" is a beautifully crafted ballad written by the band that works incredibly well for a group so used to thrashing out like the headbanger gods they were and still, to some degree, are today. \\"The Unforgiven\\" is a supreme metal song, a monster of a song during the verses and huge chorus. This album successfully mixes the guitar thrash of their earlier work with some interesting melodic moments and more grooves and gives the album a diverse feel and near-masterpiece tone. \\"Where IMay Roam\\" even invites a sitar intro into it's mix before it crashes into a full-on thrash metal machine for close to seven minutes. Over the course of the album's 62 minutes and dozen tracks, Metallica prove beyond a shadow of a doubt why they are one of metal's finest craftsmen.    Many fans felt that Metallica sold out when it came to ...AND JUSTICE FOR ALL and METALLICA, but in reality Metallica were growing into an even more powerful band, and the sales really say it all. The \\"black album\\" generated new fans, strong sales, critical success, and the band's continuing evolution in the metal scene. With a volatile mixture of brawn, guitar thrash, hard-hitting rhythms, and Hetfield's gentle and menacing vocal performance, the \\"black album\\" stands as one of the best metal records in the history of music.
B000PY52EU|5.0|This movie was really, really great!!  I will be buying the DVD.  Not only was the film itself really excellent, but the special features were all quite entertaining.  Craig Brewer, the director is a visionary and I look forward to seeing more flicks from him.  The music in the film was also superb.  I have absolutely no complaints.  The actors all gave some of the best performances I've seen from them.  I just loved it.
B000001FT2|4.0|I remember listening to this LP when I was a teenager and as soon I could, I purchased this on CD as a must have in my collection.  The production of this CD is nothing short of greatness.  From start to finish, Grace's strong vocals over those hypnotic reggae/island tinged beats make this one of the best LPs of the 80s.  The theme here is Nightclubbing and this will definitely have you shaking your bon-bon and bobbing your head.  While Pull Up To The Bumper was the big hit, Walking In The Rain, Use Me, and I've Seen That Face Before are winners in their own right.  No need to skip any tracks on this one, just pop it in and let it play. And that CD cover is to die for!
B000SO7OMA|5.0|This concert was broadcast on PBS earlier this year.  I had liked Loreena McKennitt ever since my brand-new husband introduced me to her latest CD at a Biltmore Village, North Carolina music store in 1999. BOOK OF SECRETS, at that time, was her most recent recording. This is the concert that made me buy the rest of her catalogue. This is a wonderful concert.  Loreena is truly a very gifted singer/songwriter/performer, and the musicians who accompany her are no less than superb.  Her words and music transport the listener to faraway lands and mystical places and it's a good place to go.  I paid $35.00 for this DVD which included a 2-disc CD at her Nashville, Tennessee concert at the Ryman and I've had it since April. My husband and I ended up walking back to our car with a little man who had come to the concert by himself and who was obviously enamored with the singer.  \\"Best concert I've ever been to!\\" he told us, with a great big ol' grin on his face.  We wholeheartedly agreed with him. If you buy it from AMAZON, you won't pay as much as I did and I'll tell you right now, if you enjoy Loreena McKennitt, you will enjoy this set.  Buy the CD also and then you can enjoy it in the car as you travel! Raves!!!
0385522401|5.0|As he does in his masterly novel \\"Saturday,\\" McEwan compresses the major events of this  novella into the hours of a single day - with occasional excursions into the past. We come to know the two protagonists, a young British couple on their fateful wedding night, very well; and we fear for the inevitable. McEwan explores the confining social restrictions and manners of their time - as well as their \\"Englishness\\" - impediments to the directness and honesty that might have led to a different conclusion. McEwan shows once again that he is a master at presenting the forces of circumstance and character that lead to inevitable resolutions.
B000PHX4VA|5.0|...the Police were a singles driven band and this distillation of their musical career is almost flawless (we all have favorites that were not included; mine is \\"Beds Too Big Without You\\"). This is pretty near perfect in it's conception because it does cut-out the filler and 'silly songs' that are present on most of their albums. Excellento!
B000N4SHOE|5.0|I wanted to rent Miss Potter, from Netflix.com...I could NOT do it! They had purchased very few movies, & everyone was asking for the movie, at the same time! So, I decided to go to Amazon.com & buy it...It's a very beautiful movie! I have admire the art work of B. Potter, for years, & this movie brings it to life! I'm glad I decided to buy it...you can see it over & over again! Great buy!<br />Sara Gutierrez
6304698690|5.0|These musicians are miraculous!  Don't miss this talent!  Can't wait until their new CD is put on the market!
B0002K6YYE|5.0|Nothing has gone stale about Joplin and her band on the all-time classic Pearl. After all these years, it remains a magnificent listening experience because of the quality of the songs, the band's tight playing and the impressive emotional range of Joplin's vocals.<br /><br />Unlike Cheap Thrills, where there was mostly a cosmic battle between Joplin's voice and Big Brother's heavy metal onslaught, here the voice is the star. My favorites on an album of classics include the poignant Me and Bobby McGee, the tender A Woman Left Lonely, the edgy Half Moon, the emotional Cry Baby, the buoyant Get It While You Can and the plaintive/humorous Mercedes Benz.<br /><br />Perfect arrangements, brilliant playing and masterly vocalization combine here to create a rock masterpiece. Of the four extra live tracks, I find Tell Mama and Cry Baby the most impressive. These live performances make a valuable contribution to Pearl as they add the wild raucous energy of Janis live, something to experience.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00000K2VW I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again, Mama]]<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00000K2VU Cheap Thrills]]
0743454537|5.0|I enjoy all of Jodi Picoult's books, but this one is the best so far. As usual, Ms Picoult manages to slip 3 surprises and unpredictable turns in this one.
1400044162|5.0|This is a great book written by a fellow author and tribesperson. The Biafran war and experience remain active in many people's minds - especially those from the Bifran side of the conflict. It is always interesting to read accounts of this war, no matter how they are narrated. This was a great effort by Ms. Adichie!    Jim Ojiaku    [[ASIN:1424170702 Surviving the Iron Curtain: A Microscopic View of What Life Was Like Inside a War-Torn Region]]
0307237699|5.0|Are you interested in reading and discussing Barack Obama's books? ReadObama.com is a place for the thoughtful and respectful discourse on the ideas and thoughts expressed in Barack Obama's writings. We believe that by closely examining the texts of his books and speeches we can come to a deeper understanding of the man and his beliefs. We are fortunate that Obama has provided us with the tools to see what most other politicians would be hesitant to show: to see who he is, where he is coming from and what he believes in.    Book study groups will be formed which will work through a book a chapter or so at a time and discuss each section on a weekly basis. We will begin with The Audacity of Hope and move to Dreams from My Father and then repeat the process. There will be an ongoing discussion of the \\"Democratic Convention\\" speech.    We hope that you will join us and share your ideas and insights. We can gain more insight by listening to other people's views and perspectives, especially when those views force us to reexamine our own beliefs. Please feel free to come look around or join in the discussion when you can.    [...].
B00005RYL9|3.0|I loved this movie when I was younger, I haven't set through the whole thing in years ,I Know why. It is so cheesy and badly done I can see why it only appealed to me when I was younger.In the first fight sequence the guy who is fighting Nash backflips 25 times. My son and I who is 11 laughed our heads off. The sword fighting scenes were unbelievable, poorly choreographed, sparking like the blades were made out of flint. How exactly does a sword knock down a castle wall in the fight sequence of Remirez and the Kurgan.   Also I never noticed all of the ghosts flying around after one of the Immortals died, which really looked silly. Overall I guess its ok for kids ,but be forewarned theres alot of language and some nudity so be quick to edit.
0446672653|5.0|This is a great book to get yourself refocused on your life and the importance of love.  Easy read and very interesting, a page turner.
B00005QCVY|5.0|A brilliant movie with excellent values. Very moving and encouraging. Makes a wonderful gift for Christmas or any other time. Continuously voted one of the best movies of all time. Highly recommended.
B000002GK1|5.0|This CD is awesome and brings back a ton of memories.Remember when Soundgarden, Nirvana, Pearljam AIC and STP ruled the world? (sigh). I could listen to this one over and over again.I don't think there is a \\"bad\\" song on this CD.
1569242739|5.0|my vegan daughter bought \\"vegan cupcakes\\" for my husband for father's day - he's the baker in the family. he made our first vegan cupcakes and our vegan daughter is going to have to fight the rest of us off! this is the funniest written cook book ever. we love everything about it. great pictures, clear directions, wry humor. this book rules.
B00006RINF|5.0|In my opinion this is the band's best album so far.   Although they stick to their usual formula there are several really really good songs on this one that raise this up above their other works.  My first introduction to Lacuna Coil was when I heard the opening track on this disc \\"Swamped\\" on a sampler disc from Century Media.  It immediately grabbed my attention especially the absolutely killer female vocals.  When I saw the band on the \\"Comalies\\" tour they opened with \\"Swamped\\" and it literally sent chills up my spine.  The song is one of the best the band has ever done with Christina's vocals leading the way.  This album is full of very well written songs.  The single \\"Heaven's A Lie\\", \\"Tight Rope\\", \\"Self Deception\\", \\"Ghost Woman And The Hunter\\", \\"Unspoken\\", \\"Entwined\\", all really great stuff.  Along with the killer vocals (well.....the female ones at least), the music is all good too.   As mentioned previously the band does not stray too far from their usual formula, but there are nice touches of progressive rock, Goth, and even some quieter passages that all work really well.  Unfortunately I think the band took a step backwards with their next release \\"Karmacode\\", but \\"Comalies\\" remains a very strong disc and their best so far.  If you have ever wanted to check this band out, this is the album to get.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Not much into documentaries having to do with nature, but this series on Blu-Ray is amazing!  I have never seen anything like it, a must have for your Blu-Ray collection.
0142000663|5.0|The next time somebody asks me what the Great American Novel is, I'm pointing them right here.  I love Steinbeck and have for ten or so years since I first read East of Eden (still my favourite by him), and I purposely avoided Grapes because I felt there was no way it could possibly live up to the hype that it always gets.  Guess what!  It does more than live up to it - it surpassed my wildest expectations!!!
B000J103PC|3.0|My wife wanted to watch this movie so I decided to see what it was all about. I know nothing of the book, so I don't know if it is accurate or not, nor do I care! The film is well written and funny at times, but it is sad knowing that much of this insanity is so true! It did hold my interest and the acting is fine, so that is a plus. It's worth your time to watch, but I wouldn't buy it. One view will do!....hey I made a rhyme! ain't I clever?........I need a vacation!
0316018953|4.0|I was a little sceptical of the size of this latest Harry Bosch book, afraid that Connelly had simply thrown something together to meet a deadline.  But \\"The Overlook,\\" for all it's brevity, is a nifty little thriller.  I might even go so far as to say that it's length (or lack thereof) is one of its marvels.  There are very few authors skilled enough to pack so much plot, action and good, solid writing and characterization into so short a book; Connelly, I'm happy to report, is one of them.  If I have a problem with the book, it's that the inevitable twist towards the end was obvious from a long way off.  How Bosch got there, however, was vintage Connelly, and sure to please even his most discerning fans.
B000OY8NII|5.0|Eureka - Season One    love the it no Bad comments from me.
B0001XALTG|5.0|Overall, Trainspotting is one of the best movies ever made, it's that simple.  What a trip this movie is.  The dialogue, setting, acting and soundtrack are exceptional.  It is at once incredibly disturbing, extremely suspensful, ridiculously funny and very much moving.  It's almost a character study.  We see what Rents goes through and whether we can relate to it or not(I hope not) doesn't matter because it's thoroughly engaging.  Robert Carlyle (Begbie) is insanely funny, and completely psychotic as well.  Spud is completely hopeless, yet we sympathize with him.  Sick Boy is troubled yet appears successful and happy on the outside.  Does Rents deserve what he gets(or takes) in the end?  You be the judge.  Just be prepared to go from being shocked, to sad, to frustrated, in stitches and finally to utterly pleased.  It doesn't get much better than this.
1594489505|5.0|I loved this book!  I was so absorbed in the story I felt like I was standing in the house with Laila and Mariam. When I got to the end I wanted more, wanted to turn the last page and see what else was going to happen to the characters.  I haven't found a book this engaging in a long time.  I was moved to tears several times and had to remind myself that I was reading a book.  Wonderful, recommend to anyone!
B00005V9IJ|5.0|What an incredible movie that deserves nothing less than five stars.  It's a deeply moving and affecting experience.  It's very realistic and true-to-life.  Hanks is flawless as are his supporting cast.  A number of themes come through here including the importance of not taking things for granted.  Why do we all feel as though we have to live and die by the clock?  Everything we have can be taken away from us at any moment.  I enjoyed this movie, strangely enough, considerably more the second time I watched it about three years after its release.  It is sooo enjoyable and you are riveted from the instant the plane is in trouble.  Zemeckis is a genius and he and Hanks are greatest team in Hollywood ie)  Forrest Gump??  I believe it's impossible for someone to say they did not enjoy this movie and if it didn't create emotion within  yourself then there is something wrong with you  This movie IS that good, even though it may be difficult to watch at times.  Great, epic movie.
B000RJO578|3.0|Picked up HOT FUZZ (official copy, early release) a movie worth 10 stars, by the way, and was dismayed to discover that our version only has one disc, where as the PAL region 2 version has two discs.<br /><br />Of course, the bulk of the extras to do with the movie's production, are on the second disc in the PAL region 2 set, with a couple of incidentals on the 1st disc (but the first disc has 4 commentaries).<br /><br />What we get is the first disc of the PAL set, minus 3 of the commentaries.<br /><br />BUT...<br /><br />If you shell out for an HD player and the HD-DVD version of this film, then you get both discs from the PAL set with all of the extras.<br /><br />This really ticks me off, as I can't see why they couldn't have released a 2 disc DVD set (heck, I would have paid the extra cash) instead of the crappy single disc one.<br /><br />The same is also true with the SHAUN OF THE DEAD, HD-DVD, as it has the two extra commentaries missing from the DVD version (but present on the PAL release).<br /><br />Yeah sure, I could get a region free DVD player and pick up the PAL versions of these movies, but to do that would mean to downgrade to a no name DVD player (as usually the region free units are made by cheapie companies like, ACME, etc...) where as I have Sony and Panasonic units at the moment and like the quality of these.<br /><br />And at the moment, I don't want to invest in HD or BLUE-RAY, until the industry gets their act together and picks a format that all movies will be released under.<br /><br />So at the moment, the DVD buying public has become second class in Universal's attempt to shove HD-DVD down our throats...
B00003CXMG|5.0|Certainly one of my all-time favorite movies...Almost Famous single-handedly got my hooked on classic rock music.  Besides the great soundtrack, this movie is touching, moving, engaging and amazing in almost every way.  So many themes are evident.  It's a character study, a comedy, a drama.  The actors are sincere.  It evokes so many feelings while watching and in the end it is simply heart-warming.  Near perfect film-making here.
B000RIHBIE|3.0|This was a pretty interesting CD. Although I'm not an avid Sum 41 fan and have never purchased any of their other CD's, this one caught my interest and upon seeing it on a store shelf, I decided it was worth a buy. I wasn't wrong, it's a pretty decent CD, but not much more than that, unfortunately. While it gets off to an excellent start, by the CD's end, not only does it overstay its welcome and end up repeating itself, but it ends with some slow and tedious songs that (clearly) Sum 41 just isn't as good at. It also continues Sum 41's tendencies to borrow somewhat from other bands. Some people have pointed out similarities to Green Day's American Idiot. I, personally, don't see that comparrison at all, to me, this sounds a lot more like Blink 182's Take off Your Pants and Jacket CD. Not necessarily a problem, but obviously if you're buying this CD expecting anything particularly groundbreaking (either for this band or for rock in general,) don't bother.     The good news here is that when Sum 41 isn't attempting to do (painfully slow) love balads or slowing their tracks down with over-production or keyboards, they retain a great, fast, energetic punk rock sound that is becomming rarer and rarer in the record label industry. It's a sound that I hope this band never loses, I just hope they apply it to something a bit more original next time around.     1. Underclass Hero; 9/10. Pretty great song. Although it sounds (again) familiar to their past songs, it's a great song and easily the best on the CD. Basically completely sums up what's so great about this band. Fast, fun, energetic.     2. Waking Disaster; 7/10. Although it can easily be mistaken for a Green Day song at first, it luckily goes back to the Sum 41 formula quickly enough. Pretty good song, nice lyrics, and well-written. Overall, just a good song. Interesting.     3. Speak of the Devil; 8/10. Subject matter's a bit...lame, but a really good song with an awesome and melodic ending.     4. Dear Father; 7/10. A good song, but the lyrics seem a little too...obvious. Not the most subtle song.     5. Count Your Last Blessings; 6/10. Decent verses, but the keyboard sounds a bit off and out of place, and the refrain's also a little weak.     6. Ma Poubelle; A lame intermission sung in French. Weird. NA/10    7. March of the Dogs; 7/10. Okay, THIS is where I can see the comparrisons to Green Day's American Idiot. Still, a good song, but another case of good verses and a refrain that just doesn't really fit them.     8. The Jester; 6/10. Although it may not be the song's fault entirely, by this point in the CD, it's all starting to feel a bit familiar. But regardless, it sounds a little...weird. Not too pleasant to listen to. I know what they were going for, but I just thought it was kind of out of place.     9. With Me; 7/10. Good song with nice lyrics. Not much else to say. One of the few love songs on the CD that really works.     10. Pull the Curtain; 8/10. Great song. Again, feels a bit familiar by this point on the CD but it's still great. Piano outro's a bit unnecessary but otherwise a completely great song.    11. King of Contradiction; 8/10. Some great, fast, old school punk. Really great song. Sounds like it would have fit in on the soundtrack to the first Tony Hawk's Pro Skater. Awesome.    12. Best of Me; 2/10. Sum 41 try a love balad to disasterous results. Slow, boring, long, and very tedious to listen to. Stick with what you do best, guys.     13. Confusion and Frustration in Modern Times; 5/10. Feels like this song kind of could have been cut from the CD. Doesn't do anything particularly new or anything that we haven't already heard on the CD. Not a good or bad song, just average.    14. So Long Goodbye; 1/10. Again, another extremely slow song without any hook or anything worth listening to. This just isn't the band's thing.     15. Hidden Track; 1/10. More slow stuff. Not interested.     As you can see by these ratings, the CD gets off to a strong start andthen ends pretty weakly, with slow songs all put at the end, and the slow songs just aren't any good. There are some good and great songs on this CD, but it's hurt by a couple really, truly horrible songs that just don't belong on there. But when this CD works, it really works. Sum 41 may not be the most original band, but it's great to see a rock band that's still trying to keep that fast, punk sound that few rock bands seem to be keeping. The songs on the CD that try to veer from that fall flat on their face so hopefully Sum 41 will focus more on what works on their next CD. But overall, I cautiously recommend this CD. It's a decent CD and a good listen, as long as you're prepared to skip through a couple of songs.
B000002H6C|5.0|I had to review this album.  As a fan of many different kinds of music this remains one of my all-time favorites.  I completely disagree with some reviewers saying it's poorly produced.  To me it sounds terrific.  With this album, I believe Metallica took a huge step forward musically and lyrically.  There is soooo much to this release.  At times the guitars are loud and crunching, at other speedy and thrashing.  All the while the vocals and drumming compliment everything that is happening.  A masterpiece and classic album in music history.  One of the greatest bands of all time at their very best.  Best track just has to be the closer \\"Dyer's Eve\\".
B000J10EQU|1.0|Had this been the first, there would have been no second.    The Superman I read as a boy stood for \\"Truth, Justice and the American Way.\\"  He wore a red, white and blue costume.  And he would not leave Lois Lane with an illegitimate child.    I really liked the actors; too bad they didn't have more to work with.  In fact, too bad they did work together. At times I got the impression  that they were less then comfortable in their roles.
B000JBWWRY|5.0|This is a great adaptation of the story. It was a favorite of mine growing up, and it still enthralls the kids here at home.
B00005JPP6|4.0|One of the sleeper comedies of the year is HOT FUZZ, a film that pairs such unlikely themes as the tough-talking cop (Joe Friday in DRAGNET) with the unsuspecting cop surrounded by bucolic crazies (THE WICKERMAN) and a knife-wielding robed slasher (SCARY MOVIE).  Simon Peggie is Constable Angel who is transferred from London to a Stepford Wives type small town where nothing and no one is what it seems.  Regardless of the situation, Sgt. Angel refuses to permit any type of offense to go unpunished, an action which soon gets him in trouble with every person in the town.  As he falls in and out of apprehending perpetrators, the comedy, which starts out as a tough cop fish out of water, soon morphs into a darker sort.  Several villagers begin to die by gruesome means.  We, of course, know the killer is a robed fanatic, but the other townspeople do not, and they almost succeed in convincing Angel that \\"accidents do happen.\\"  The last quarter of the film is surprisingly bloody and violent, but the delicate balance between comedy and unsettling drama is never obliterated as even the more over the top scenes of gore are presented in such a way that one never crosses the threshhold of real-world mayhem.  Simon Peggie, fresh from his biting success in SHAUN OF THE DEAD, continues to impress as a young man who can handle off beat roles equally well with the best of them.
0385338600|5.0|This was my fourth novel by James Grisham that I have read and I certainly wasn't disappointed in this story. From the opening paragraph I was on the edge of my seat. The suspense was so thrilling that I couldn't bear to put it down. The author's fluid writing style makes for a comfortable read, and it is admittedly a page-turner. When he takes his subject matter seriously, he shines. The story is more gripping, and the characters have more depth. The reader can feel Tonya's pain and sympathize with Carl Lee's justifiable wrath. The trials that Jake Brigance undergoes to defend Carl Lee are dramatic and easy to understand. The different reactions of the citizens of Clanton; those that are for Carl Lee and those that are against him are described like only Mr. Grisham can. In summary, there are few authors that grab my attention and are able to create a wonderful spellbinding story and John Grisham is right up there are the top. It's a great story don't miss it.
0975991477|5.0|Bruce Lipton has written a happy, engaging book on biology of all things, and I should add, a heaping portion of quantum physics and miracles.<br /><br />Bruce has softened hard science and makes it available to all of us. You can almost feel his glee as he discovers the truth behind the truth and yes, there are diagrams, charts, and very scientific information, but there's a lot of heart in this book, which continued to recapture my attention. Nodding off here is not likely.<br /><br />His conclusions are entirely logical, and your will find this book full of valuable information for those of us who suspected that traditional medicine's approach to dis-ease was flawed. The author goes way beyond medicine in his exploration of the miracles in the structure of life, how it affects all of us and how we can choose to be affected.  Bruce instructs us how to apply this wisdom to our lives, and how to powerfully and positively impact group consciousness.<br /><br />This is a totally engaging book, and well worth your investment of time and money.  You will get a lot of answers that will make a difference in your life. I'm sure your view of reality will never been the same !<br /><br />Enjoy !!!
1401201911|5.0|I've always been a fan of the Elseworlds universe.  It provides different possibilities which, while familiar, can also be self contained pieces all on their own without having to be bogged down with the idea that it may have repercussions in the continuity of the larger comic book universe.  It doesn't always work, with either the art or the story a little off kilter, but when it does you know you have something special.<br /><br />\\"Red Son\\" is an example of when it does work.<br /><br />In the world of \\"Red Son\\" the Superman we know never crashed on the Kent farm and he never grew up to stand for truth, justice, and the American way.  He crashed down in Soviet Russia, and became its greatest advocate, defender and premier.  In this world, nothing is as it seems.<br /><br />Mark Millar does beautiful writing and the story is tightly woven, spanning decades from the moment where Superman becomes Stalin's right hand man, until his final Battle with Lex Luthor and the United States of  America!  The art is more than passable and melds well with the story, providing just enough action that you'll find yourself holding your breath as you turn the page.<br /><br />The point of this whole review is to point out that I haven't been this excited and amazed by an Elseworlds book since Kingdom Come and I think I've been waiting for this little gem to come along for a long time without even realizing it.  You'd be a fool not to give this work a shufti.  Buy it forthwith!  The sooner you get it, the sooner you'll agree I was right.
B000002ORU|5.0|Since the first time I listened to the album Live at Leeds, the Who have been my favorite band.  This collection of who material lives up to my expectations ranging from the \\"modish\\" high numbers to Townshend's interest in rock operas.  It's all good.
B000FGGE68|2.0|Technology in video games is consistently making an effort to look more realistic to game players.  Ultraviolet is a motion picture that seemingly makes an effort to look more like a video game.  I'm sort of indifferent to that direction I suppose, but it's a point I still think is important to make.  Ultraviolet is visually unique and the pace of the film doesn't quit.  You can tell that director Kurt Wimmer ([[ASIN:B00005JLWN Equilibrium]]) doesn't really want us to believe any of this is real as he is striving to create a dystopian world that would exist otherwise only within a comic book or Japanese animation. Ultraviolet does indeed require a vast imagination, but for some of us that's not such a bad thing.<br /><br />Ultraviolet is a chase movie about Violet ([[ASIN:B0016WNSXW Milla Jovovich]]) who, among many others in her time (in the late 21st century), is infected with a virus that gives her super human powers.  Violet is part of an underground terrorist group that exists to fight against the resident dictatorship.  Soon enough, Violet steals a child (Cameron Bright) from the government and finds out he may be the cure to this disease that allows her to be invincible and be really good at driving a motorcycle.  The terrorist group she is in with decides the child must die and so Violet begins running from everyone with the child.  With some more twists and turns Ultraviolet leads up to a formulaic showdown and more dramatic and unrealistic fight scenes than you could possible imagine.<br /><br />Ultraviolet is an excessive mess.  The fight scenes are perplexing and miserable to watch, not to mention completely unrealistic, which is something I can almost forgive.  Ultraviolet is the ultimate example of over-stylized filmmaking.  In the action genre, the viewer should probably never be aware that a fight scene is choreographed while viewing it, but if a fine line exists between dancing and fighting then Ultraviolet is balancing very carefully upon it and it is doing so right next to Joel Schumacher's [[ASIN:0790732912 Batman & Robin]].  The story also seemed jumbled and confusing.  I really wasn't sure what was happening until the very end and even then I had some questions that I wasn't even motivated to have answered.  The dialogue was delivered stoically and isn't very good to begin with.  The music was as distracting as the visuals.  Other than that it was a visually original film and I guess that is where it earns a star for me.  Well, that and Milla's bare bottom.right next to Joel Schumacher's [[ASIN:0790732912 Batman & Robin]].  The story also seemed jumbled and confusing.  I really wasn't sure what was happening until the very end and even then I had some questions that I wasn't even motivated to have answered.  The dialogue was delivered stoically and isn't very good to begin with.  The music was as distracting as the visuals.  Other than that it was a visually original film and I guess that is where it earns a star for me.  Well, that and Milla's bare bottom.
B000OVLBFS|4.0|robert parkers is one of the better mystery writers and the jesse stone  novels is no exception.the movies follow the books quite adequite.tom sellec is perfect match for the jesse stone character.I have the complete set of books so far and will obtain the subsiquent videos.
0060599847|4.0|Canfield has put togther pieces from all of the masters of success from W. Clement Stone, Napoleon Hill and onward and then added his own stories, experiences, and anecdotes much like his Chicken Soup series.<br /><br />Some of the principles go on a bit but others are absolute gems including taking 100% responsiility, especially about complaining , not being fearful of asking, and how to take rejection and say \\"next\\".<br /><br />I found myself nodding my head in agreement frequently as I listened to this book and highly recommend it as part of your sucess \\"education\\".
B000AMJG4Y|5.0|Final Fantasy VII is back.  This is high anima action.  any FF7 Must have this DVD!!!!!!!!!!!
B000268QB2|5.0|Such a terrific album.  It is of my favorites (along with Muse's \\"Showbiz\\", Our Lady Peace's \\"Spiritual Machines\\", and Rammstein's \\"Mutter\\" --I know, they're all much different).  So beautiful, inventive, 'cry', fresh, and Tom chaplin's voice KILLS me.  Some of the things they do are nuts, and they can get away with it perfectly.      I definatly recommend it to anyone and everyone.
1594489505|2.0|Over sentimental, melodramatic and predictable.The title promises so much but the content fails to deliver. Mr Hosseini fails to understand or to convey the feelings of women, the \\"Kite Runner\\" was possibly more successful because the protagonist was a male. I found it really hard to finish the book.
B000QFAJ7S|3.0|you know, I was really anticipating this album.  I love Kelly, her girl power, her voice, her style, her sas, etc.  i liked Never Again and Sober, and such.  This is a little unfinished, and I think she knows it (and possibly couldn't help it).      her voice a bit flat at times, the songs a little under-produced, but a couple good ones in there...
B000O75F7C|5.0|Whether you are a veteran to progressive rock or are a newbie, this disc will leave you wanting more. I haven't heard the band's other alubms but this one is enough to make me a fan. I would compare them to Opeth or Neptune Crush.....or at least say that they have similar energies. I would definitely recommend this album to others.
B000OCXMAE|5.0|this album is amazing! i can listen to it over and over again through the whole cd. if you are a linkin park fan you will not be disappointed!
0446677450|5.0|Things I got out of this book that made it worth the time and money spent on it:  1. Get out of the rat race: Stop working for money, and make money work for you.  2. Invest in yourself: Learn about the investment vehicles available, so you can make the right decisions (Some of Kiyosaki's examples are too complex/outlandish for me at this point, but the idea is that its not so simple, so spend the time to learn)  3. Always keep assets vs. liabilities in mind (I don't agree with his home and car examples per se - but I agree with the idea)
0671015206|5.0|This book is and should be considered required reading for...well, really for everyone, but at the very least for entrepreneurs and anyone interested in personal finance. The point is not just that there are average-looking people who live near you and just happen to be millionaires. The point is that you almost have to be average-looking to ever become a millionaire in the first place.    Stanley and Danko back up all their claims with statistics, and provide a lot of information about who the affluent of America really are. It becomes incredibly obvious how one should build wealth in this country. There is no trick to becoming affluent. You simply have to spend less than you earn. I don't mean a little bit less. If you live well below your means, you can save millions before you retire easily on even a modest yearly income.    I personally like the equation given to measure your expected net worth.  Expected Net Worth = Age * Pretax Annual Income  10    If you are over this amount, you are a \\"prodigious accumulator of wealth\\" (someone who saves more than the average for their income and age); if you are under this amount you are an \\"under accumulator of wealth\\" (someone who saves less than average for their income and age). Where do you fall? Simply multiply your age by your pretax annual income and divide by ten. That is your expected net worth. Oh, and don't forget to subtract from your net worth any inheritances that you have received. Money that you did not actually earn does not count.    Prodigious accumulators of wealth are those who are or will become your millionaire next door. What may surprise you is that many of those who live in fancy houses, drive expensive cars and wear trendy clothes and accessories are really not very wealthy at all. In fact most of them are under accumulators of wealth. Despite their six or seven figure incomes, they couldn't live off their savings for more than a few months.    The mindset you have to have is that you want tobecome wealthy in order to be financially independent, to protect your family and to manage your own future. You will then budget, save and plan your personal finances. If you just want to have fancy toys, go ahead, but don't fool yourself into thinking you are or ever will become financially independent without working to become so.     --  Cat Cromar  [...]
B0007CNXUK|4.0|This is a good movie. I can't help but to think there was an unspoken love between Barrie and Sylvia. They never said, but I think it was true, and in the end Barrie said he loved her. I think that is kind of an adult theme, Barrie was a married man who fell in love with another woman.
0887307280|4.0|This book is great for making you think properly about starting a business. Think about all the people you know who have started a business. Most continue to this day to work more hours and have more stress, because they keep working in their business and they've begun to hate it. Michael Gerber teaches how to \\"work on your business, instead of in it.\\"    Most people try starting businesses in things they are good at. Perhaps they do their job every day and think, \\"I could run this business on my own, do a better job at it than my manager and have all the profit for myself.\\" So they start a business doing the work they always did, but they now also have the responsibilities of managing, marketing, hiring and procuring supplies. They go nuts, and they start to hate what they used to love.    Sometimes they try hiring someone to do some of their work. That person is good at it, so the owner keeps piling more stuff on that person and not handling the responsibility of it. That person ends up getting tired of their job and the fruitless, unorganized way you run the company they work for. They quit, and the business grows small again. Then the owner really goes nuts.    Gerber gives the formula of the franchise prototype. By thinking about each position your business needs in it to operate, whether it is sales clerk, waitress, cook, or accountant, and by setting up and writing down a system by which that person does their job, you free yourself from doing the work. You can hire anyone to do it and teach them how. You don't need to hire professionals that will run things their way. Hire amateurs and train them.    The best strategy is to start from the bottom, writing up a system for the easiest jobs and getting someone to do those, then move on to the more complex ones. Once your system is working smoothly, you can replicate your entire business by hiring a whole new team of people to run it. Thus you are like a franchise.    This is most applicable to any business witha physical storefront. Web-based businesses might not profit from trying to replicate themselves, but the way of thinking is correct. Work on making your business run without you. Then you can really grow and you are not stuck doing all the work.    --  Cat Cromar  [...]
1400063515|2.0|-This is the first book I quit reading in more than a year.<br /><br />-The author, a self-important fellow named Nassim Nicholas Taleb, is a lousy writer.<br /><br />-I don't think you can use the word 'erudite' as a noun. As in, Larry Weasel is an athlete and an erudite. I looked it up; I am correct.<br /><br />-The book is a one trick pony. Ok: until like 1910 the whole world thought that all swans had to be white, but then a black swan was discovered and everyone had to re-examine their premises. This doesn't mean that you have to write a book filled with vague references about Plato, Hume, Judaism, Umberto Eco, the Levant -- all in the first two chapters alone.<br /><br />-He simultaneously calls himself a philosopher yet dumbs down -- and thins out -- the material until it's damn near unreadable. Philosophers don't use exclamation marks. Taleb uses five on every page.  Philosophers also don't brag about how much they read.<br /><br />-I'm not reading any more of this genre of book; no more Freakonomics, no more Long Tail, no more How Proust Can Change Your Life.
B00003CXWV|4.0|Every time I watch one of those prison documentaries, the same question comes to my mind: How could someone keep committing crimes, knowing they're going back to prison again and again? Having watched *Blow,* I now know the answer: It just sort of happens.  George Jung as played by Johnny Depp has a wheeler-dealer mentality--always out for the next score; getting high on risk-taking; willing to walk into situations that could go seriously wrong at any moment, and roll with whatever happens. How could a guy like that put in his 8 a day at a regular job and be satisfied? Even though George gets \\"out\\" of the business periodically, he's only really happy when he's in. It's like his life in the drug business was technicolor and he's trying to live in black and white. Not gonna work.  The characters in the film are pretty one-dimensional, which is fine because the movie is really about the story, not the people in it. The only casting I didn't like was Penelope Cruz as George's Colombian wife. I didn't find her character very believable at the beginning; however, she does work out better later on in the movie as the worn-down, disgusted single mom stretching everything to the limit just trying to keep her and her daughter's life together.  As far as things to watch out for, there is a lot of swearing, violence, and drug use, which makes sense given the subject matter. Also, if you just quit smoking you might want to wait a few weeks before watching this one as all the characters seem to be puffing on cigs 24/7. But do watch the movie, because it grabs you from the word go and keeps you fascinated the rest of the way, even though you basically know how it's going to turn out. It's also one you can watch more than once or twice, so worth the money to get the DVD.
B000R8YC1S|5.0|In the early 80's Jim Henson created one of the most ambitious fantasy films ever: The Dark Crystal. It was a movie that had a completely realized world with its own creatures and flora... and it was performed entirely by puppets. Not the Muppet kind that Henson is famous for, mind you. These were serious creations that involved serious innovations in animatronics. While many loved the movie and it was critically acclaimed many others didn't \\"get it\\". There was no human interaction in the movie whatsoever and that put off people. Also the movie was serious with none of that Muppet mayhem Henson fans are so used to. That put off a few more people.      The next evolutionary step in Jim's grand scheme of fantasy puppetry was Labyrinth, and they filled in the gaps that The Dark Crystal left for those who couldn't (or wouldn't) \\"get\\" the concept of a fully realized fantasy setting that is outside of our own. How does he do it? Let me tell you...    Step One - Human actors. Labyrinth included the young, yet already talented Jennifer Connelly as their heroine and well-established musician and actor David Bowie as her nemesis. Now you get the fun of a complete puppet world while at the same time you have human characters that interact in that same environment. Thus giving the viewer a better connection to the puppet characters.     Step Two - Better puppets. The Dark Crystal is a masterpiece in of itself, however the technology used to animate the puppets was in its infancy and if you had to be picky about it you can pick away at the limitations of the puppets in that movie. With Labyrinth you get updated technology, which gives you puppets who can show emotions better. Case in point is the goblin Hoggle, who is the starring puppet. So much attention to detail went into his facial expressions that you can actually see the fear, disgust, anger, and joy in his eyes. Add to that other puppetry innovations and you have a world of cool puppets.     Step Three - Keep it fun. TheDark Crystal was a grandiose and serious film that included some funny moments now and then. Labyrinth is the opposite. Is a fun film where the characters meet up with unexpected and often times crazy situations. Makes this fantasy adventure feel more comical in the same way it would reading a fun bedtime story.     Step Four - Keep the original concept. Jim Henson did The Dark Crystal with the thought that he wanted to create a whole different world inhabited by beings and creatures portrayed entirely by puppets. Labyrinth is essentially the same thing, but done in a different way. Walking through the movie's namesake (the maze that leads to the goblin city) is definitely like being in another world that's both fascinating and fun. Much of what you see is visually impressive and essentially relish in the fact your eyes can play tricks on you. Brian Froud is again signed on as the conceptual designer and his work shines just as well in this iteration as it did with Dark Crystal.     Labyrinth also has the destinction of having songs specially written for the movie by David Bowie. Keep in mind this movie was in the 80's so what you get is 80's Bowie, and there are a couple scenes that flow more like music videos (or musical numbers) than standard scenes.     You might get the impression I am dogging on Dark Crystal in order to lift up Labyrinth. Can't be farther from the truth. However I do know the differences between the two films and how the other was made in response to the first. Labyrinth is the folk tale while Dark Crystal is the fantasy book. I believe both are fantastic movies.     The original DVD for Labyrinth was a good compilation right from the start, and was superseded with the Anniversary Edition having remastered visuals and a couple new featurettes. Now we have the movie on Blu-Ray, and boy I thought the Anniversay Edition looked good. I was worried when this movie went high definition that a lot of the original film grain was going to be lost in the digital cleaning that's popular with some companies with older films. Luckily what you end up with is the best looking picture to date. I'm not going to say this movie is presented in supersharp crystal clarity, but then again that would ruin it. The movie look as true to the original theatrical release as you can get. Details really pop out without looking antiseptic. Visually the Blu-Ray does breath new life into this classic. The extras are pretty much identical to what was offered on the Anniversary Edition with one exception. Here's what you get:    Documentary Making of the Labyrinth - Has interviews with actors, puppet performers and production staff including Jim Henson, Brian Henson, David Bowie (who gives us some insight on his character) and Jennifer Connelly as well as lots of details on design and production of the movie. This documentary is a gem for those of you want solid behind-the-scenes details and was in the original DVD and is included on the Anniversary Edition.    Journey Through the Labyrinth: Kingdom of Characters and The Quest for Golden City - These two featurettes from the Anniversary Edition include updated interviews with the cast and crew and never before seen footage from the Jim Henson archives. Kingdom of Characters focuses on... you guessed it... the main characters in the movie including conceptual design for the puppets (although Hoggle seems to be mostly left out, likely because there is so much of him in the original documentary) and background info on the actors. The Quest for the Golden City is mostly design details on the labyrinth, Goblin City and castle itself. These featurettes do well to fill in the gaps left by the original documentary. The extra footage is test footage of the puppets and such, with some production footage as well. I noticed some of the production footage was a rehash of what's on Making of the Labyrinth, but the crosstalk is few and far between.      The Storytellers Picture-in-Picture: This is theBlu-Ray exclusive featurette. When you turn it on while watching the movie occasionally a window pops up with an interview with one of the crew members speaking some interesting anecdote about the film. There isn't a whole lot of these that pop up in the movie, but when they do you get some rather interesting and entertaining production and behind the scenes information. Hearing about the casting call for the Helping Hands scene and the interview with Warwick Davis are alone worth checking out the feature.     Commentary by Brian Froud     You also get Dolby True HD Surround in English, French, Portugese with a Dolby Digigal Spanish track (how many movies have a Portugese dub?) with subtitles in all. Kind of strange they left out the Japanese audio that the Anniversary Edition had. I recall hearing improvements from the previous release's Dolby Digital 5.1 mix, but nothing groundbreaking.     Every release of Labyrinth has been impressive from the very first DVD, and with each new release it gets even better. So is it worth the double/triple dip? Well just like how the Anniversary Edition gave you a better picture with more extras the Blu-Ray ups the ante. I say if you want to enjoy this movie in the best way visually then yes. The new extras are nice, but to be honest as long as they original making of documentary is in there everything else will always come in second.     Labyrinth is a wonderful movie for all ages. The visuals will impress and the hijinks will entertain. If you are a Muppet fan this movie will be much more accessable than the Dark Crystal, and if you like The Storyteller then you have abolustely no choice but to get this (it's like a full length Storyteller movie sans John Hurt).
0930289455|3.0|Once again, I cannot imagine a Batman graphic novel getting five star.  That would put the writing on the level of Hemmingway, Fitzgerald, ect.      With that said, this graphic novel (how you can call something a novel that has less that 25 words a page is beyond me), there are some really important events in the Batman story.  First, you learn the origin of the Joker.  Second, you learn the origin of Oracle and the end of the original Batgirl.  Both of these events are decent.    The overall story is weak.  They try to brush upon the psychological similarities between Batman and the Joker, but they do not do it justice.  Really, these types of comparisons cannot be accomplished without some serious words on a page.  I guess as readers we are supposed to fill in the gaps as to the psychological similarities, but it really doesn't explain the difference that led them each down the path they chose.    I like the concept, but really, don't spend the money, get the 500 word synopsis somewhere online just to fill in some important events in the batman story.
0553588486|4.0|The first thing I would say is that this book is very complex. Along with the plots there are many subplots. There are also tons of characters. So many that there is an appendix at the end of the book as a reference so readers can refresh their memories as to who is related and loyal to who. It is not an easy read, nor is it relaxing. I found myself getting frustrated at times while having to search the appendix to find out who certain characters were.<br /><br />In a nutshell this book is about the battle to become king among seven houses (families). Each of these families swear loyalty to the king, yet behind these oaths are secret betrayals. The complexity comes due to the intermarrying of sons and daughters between families. Some daughters are loyal to their new families, some are not. Each have begun new families of their own which is where it becomes confusing. This book is about honor, loyalty and sometimes betrayal. It is dramatic and suspenseful. It is also long, but I will say, at least for me, once I got into it the pages just flew by. The characters are real, believable and show emotion. You develope feeling for them...some you love and some you hate. And you find yourself wanting revenge!<br /><br />As a comparison, I will say that this book really reminded of  [[ASIN:0440178002 Shogun]] by James Clavell. Due to the number of characters, complexity of the plot and the battle to become king I would say that it is the fantasy version of the classic that was made into the 1980's miniseries. And almost as good! If you liked Shogun I think you will definitely like this book and vice versa.<br /><br />I rarely give a book five stars. I compared this book to all the books I have rated five stars and could not justify placing this book next to them. It was great... but not GREAT. But it was definitely great enough to  give me the desire to read the sequel at some point down the road. I hope this review helps some of you decide whether or not to purchase and read this book!
B000H0MKGK|1.0|Heres the thing. Granted theres an audience for this trash, but I'm certainly not it. If you can get past the hideousness that is \\"Waiting on the World to Change\\", you are greeted with more vacuous and tone-deaf numbers rivaled only by the equally weak numbers in Mayers' back catalog.<br /><br />Not to say that Mayer as a musician sucks. Not at all. In fact, hes infinitely better than both the frontmen of Aha and the Human League (I just realized that isn't saying much).<br /><br />See, Im sure many people out there love the notion of a pasty white boy banging out pointless tunes on his guitar all the while hoping for added rock legend status. This isn't going to happen. Am I the only one who can see Mayer for the useless piece of garbage that he is? Apparently I am. Well anyway, this Mayer woman was once with Jessica Simpson, so that should give you an idea of what kinda trailer HE crawled out of.<br /><br />One Star. And thats only because the production on this was 'passable'. This to me was an overblown attempt to be taken seriously in the music world, and Mayer only makes this more and more painful every passing album. I'm gonna go with NO.
073933705X|3.0|John Boyne's The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a short novel billed as \\"a fable.\\"  It has no plot summary or content revealed on the book jacket, and it suffers from a lack of a clear audience:  it's written in a child-like voice, but the history is too complex for young readers to absorb without some guidance.  Perhaps most cripplingly, the young protagonist is entirely implausible as a nine-year-old narrator.  Young Bruno is overly nave, completely unaware of his father's position in the Third Reich, and clueless, until he moves to a mansion outside a barbed wire camp named Out-With, of what a Jewish person is.  Despite the fact that Bruno lived in Berlin and dined with The Fury (Hitler), John Boyne expects us to believe that the boy has never seen a Jewish person on the street, or heard any of the propaganda of the German government.<br /><br />In the \\"fable,\\" innocent Bruno observes the people in the striped pajamas behind the barbed wire fence outside his mansion.  He's terribly jealous that they have playmates and activities, and sets out to explore the area, befriending another young boy who shares his birthday.  Bruno and his Jewish friend meet daily to discuss life and share food.  The reader will see tragedy for this union coming from chapters away.<br /><br />Author John Boyne is delighted with himself for creating this air of mystery and whimsical innocence around a story we all know well:  the concentration camps of Hitler's reign of terror.  He can be forgiven for playing with historical facts for literary purposes (Bruno's nine-year-old friend wouldn't have been kept alive at Auschwitz past the first day; Bruno's plays on words make no sense if he was speaking the Germanic language), but Boyne can not be forgiven for his literary failures.  The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is neither an adult read or a young adult novel, and the narrator is too silly to be taken seriously from an adult perspective, but also too clueless to be believable as an elementary school student.t.
B0002DB0FO|5.0|The Brown family has lost their wife and mother and they have moved from NYC to a small town in Colorado. The series follows the Browns' as they adjust to a completely new environment and to accepting one another. The characters are genuine and family feuds are realistic. We keep routing for this family to come to peace with each other ad take their place in n in this very close knit community.
B000HKWCOA|5.0|This is a great Episode and the picture is very clear.  Great download and it wasn't expensive at all.  I love Star Trek Enterprise.
B000TGCR38|4.0|Director Paul Verhoeven stunned the film world with his World War II masterpiece \\"Soldier of Orange\\"...and in a sense, this film is a second  installment of his story of the Dutch Resistance.  In the earlier film it was easier to distinguish the evil from the good...here characters are edgier and perhaps darker.    The story begins when a young, pretty Jewish woman tries to flee to Belgium from Nazi occupied Holland but her family is betrayed, massacred and robbed along with other Jewish families.  After a nail-biting escape,  Rachel (Carice Van Houten), joins the Resistance and agrees to infiltrate the Gestapo headquarters.  Surprisingly, she becomes attached to one of the officers, and the tale begins a spin into betrayal and counterbetrayal...so that enemies and friends are very hard to distinguish.    There is a lot of old-fashioned World War II suspense and action that  rolls the story along.  But ultimately, this is a film about how hard it is to identify villains and heroes, when everyone is wearing a mask...including Rachel,of course - who is hiding her Jewish identity.    Overall, the film sizzles more than Soldier of Orange, but the original World War II film is still the better steak. Recommended for the high octane action, interesting plot twists, and solid historical detail.
B00005K9QP|5.0|This album contains what may be the finest guitar playing of Eric Clapton's career. The guy tears into these songs with a kind of ferocity that makes his recordings with the Yardbirds seem tame. He churns out some truly bone-shredding melodies with a relentless, fiery passion that simply doesn't let up. It's the kind of brutal onslaught that recalls the raw, smoldering sounds found in old Howlin' Wolf, Buddy Guy, and (dare I say it?) Robert Johnson songs. This is basically as close as Clapton ever got to his idols, and that's a mighty fine compliment indeed. And just listen to that tone! The guitars are soaked with in-the-red levels of distortion- they sound cruel and filthy, dripping with anger and sexuality. I think it's safe to say that nothing else released in 1966 sounded quite like this. No wonder this album was so influental. The other players on this record ultimatly fall into Clapton's shadow, but they're still pretty good. Bassist John McVie and drummer Hughie Flint make for a bedrock rhythm section, propelling the songs and lending them a tough, relentless bite. Flint gets to show off his considerable chops during a cover of \\"What'd I Say,\\" exectuting a hypnotic, almost jazzy solo with great finesse. To be honest, I've never been the biggest fan of Mayall himself- as a vocalist, he lacks the raw sexuality and emotional directness essential to blues singing. In fact, he sounds downright timid on some of these songs. It tends to temper the intensity of the music. However, he makes up for this deficiency by being an excellent organist (listen to how he makes that Hammond of his wail!) and a good songwriter (He penned \\"Have You Heard,\\" \\"Key To Love,\\" \\"Little Girl,\\" and transformed the blues standard \\"Baby Please Don't Go\\" into \\"Another Man\\"). He also plays a mean harmonica. So, that leaves us with a whole pile of great songs: \\"Hideaway\\" and \\"Steppin' Out\\" are smokin' instrumentals, while \\"All Your Love\\" is a nasty boogie with some of Clapton's toughest playing. The afformentioned \\"What'd I Say\\" positively cooks, and \\"Parchman Farm\\" is almost funky with its relentless rhythms. My personal favorite track here is \\"Have You Heard,\\" a slow-burning monster of a song which features an absolutely devestating guitar solo. So there you have it- one of the finest blues albums ever created by a bunch of white guys. Get it and love it!
B000002KGT|5.0|It's refreshing to purchase an album that is not \\"Greatest Hits\\" wherein every cut is terrific.
B0000047CW|5.0|Jazz is all about being evocative- the greatest examples of the genre have always been the ones that take the listener to another place, that have expressed emotions and ideas with uncanny accuracy. In essence, the best jazz recordings feel like they're coming from somewhere inside you, born out of your dreams and private thoughts and inner longings. Which, I guess, is why I'm so fond of Jazz Samba. The album's warm, lyrical tone instantly paints a portrait of some sun-splashed and utterly peaeful Brazilian beach, a hidden little paradise by a crystal ocean. But there's more to it than that. Jazz Samba's lush textures and instantly hypnotic imagery are downright theraputic. When you're stressed out, angry, or depressed, this is the ideal record to put on; the hypnotic, shuffling bass line that opens \\"Desafinado\\" casts a spell that isn't lifted until Getz's gorgeous, velvety solo at the end of \\"Bahia.\\" The music radiates so much warmth and joy in the meantime, wiping away just about every single one of your worries and fears. It really is a neat trick. Of course, like any great piece of music, Jazz Samba is much more than music. Getz and Byrd make for a formidable team, bridging the gap between jazz's emotive cool and bossa nova's swinging sensuality with irresisitable finesse. The music is simultaneously dreamy and upbeat, hypnotic and energetic, beautiful and propulsive. Basically, it's a great album, and one that belongs in every jazz collection.
B00005JPHT|4.0|****1/2<br /><br />Once again, filmmaker Michael Moore courts controversy and hits one out of the ballpark with \\"Sicko,\\" his stinging and often heartbreaking indictment of the largely dysfunctional American health care system.<br /><br />In his new film, Moore has toned down much of the inflammatory rhetoric and personal diatribes that defined his earlier work - although he is certainly not averse to employing the occasional bit of theatrical grandstanding or the intermittent cheap shot if it helps to more effectively get his message across.  And the message here is that the medical system in the United States is seriously ill, if not, indeed, on life support itself.  As usual, Moore personalizes the issue for the audience by focusing on a few specific people who have fallen victim to the bureaucratic nightmare that is the American system of managed care.  Through an accumulation of largely anecdotal evidence, he shows how working-class people are often driven to near-bankruptcy by the enormity of their medical bills or, even worse, how they often get sicker or even die either because they have no insurance at all or because the insurance companies refuse to cover the operations or medications the patients need to get better.  Moore is always at his most convincing - and his least polemical - when dealing with these individual cases.<br /><br />Having completed his \\"diagnosis,\\"  Moore next moves onto the \\"cure,\\" which he sees as a universal health care program run by the government.  This, of course, is where he gets most into trouble with those on the Right and the powers-that-be (i.e. the insurance companies and corporate CEO`s) who have the most to lose from any kind of system reformation.  To prove the superiority of \\"socialized medicine,\\" he takes his film crew to Canada, Britain and France to check out the medical systems there.  Not surprisingly, he encounters only the most glowing reports from doctors, patients and the average man-on-the-street concerning the quality of the medical treatment in those countries.  Finally, in his most blatant example of political theater, he rounds up several 9/11 rescue workers, all of whom have developed serious illnesses as a result of their time spent at ground zero, and takes them to Cuba to receive the medical treatment these modern American heroes have been denied in their own country.  Moore's in-your-face style may not make for the most impartial examination of the issue, but it does make for one heck of a compelling human drama.<br /><br />Moore is not a \\"documentarian\\" in the egalitarian sense we have grown accustomed to from television.  He doesn't study both sides of an issue, and he feels no compunction to provide a reasoned, carefully balanced debate that allows differing opinions to be expressed.  Instead, he is a man hellbent on a mission, an individual deeply concerned with righting the wrongs that he sees in his society.  He also just happens to be an artist with enough filmmaking skill and talent to be able to convey his passions in a clear and largely convincing way to a mass audience.  \\"Sicko\\" is a much less \\"playful\\" movie than either \\"Bowling for Columbine\\" or \\"Fahrenheit 9/11.\\"  Moore doesn't indulge in as many self-aggrandizing stunts or parlor tricks as he did in those other films, and he is more willing to move off into the background to allow the people in the movie to speak for themselves.  The tradeoff for this approach is that there is also a lot less humor.<br /><br />All throughout the movie, Moore is constantly appealing to our better angels. How, he wonders, can a people as great and generous as Americans tend to be, allow their fellow citizens to go on suffering when the remedy seems so clearly in their grasp.  Whether universal health care would be just another panacea, or whether it might actually turn out to be the cure for what ails us, only time will tell.  But Moore's point is that the time has long since passed for us to do something serious and concrete to address this problem.  \\"Sicko\\" may, indeed, be \\"propaganda,\\" but, if it is, it is propaganda in the service of a salutary purpose.  And, after all, Moore`s is hardly the only voice out there debating this issue, for there are powerful and well-financed forces lined up on the other side.  He may, at this point, be just one little David facing down the Philistines with their corporate lobbyists and special interest money; but Moore has faith that a citizenry, armed with righteousness and passion, can slay a whole army of insurance company Goliaths - if they just put their collective minds to it.\\"Sicko\\" may, indeed, be \\"propaganda,\\" but, if it is, it is propaganda in the service of a salutary purpose.  And, after all, Moore`s is hardly the only voice out there debating this issue, for there are powerful and well-financed forces lined up on the other side.  He may, at this point, be just one little David facing down the Philistines with their corporate lobbyists and special interest money; but Moore has faith that a citizenry, armed with righteousness and passion, can slay a whole army of insurance company Goliaths - if they just put their collective minds to it.
B000BKJ78U|5.0|What can you say, the original trilogy, a bonus disk, excellent DVD extras, a beautiful box, and the best darn movies ever made, brought up to date with the latest technology.
0895260131|5.0|If you ever had any doubts that a peaceful Islamic Society could co-exist with all the other faiths of the world; Read this book.  It will put your fears to rest with insight and illustration of Koranic verses. Under praticing, orthodox Islam there can be no 'moderate muslims' and their options in how to deal with the unbeliever are black and white. Any doubters, please read.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Is it my favorite Star Wars movie?  No.  Is it my least favorite?  No.  Did I enjoy it?  Yes.  Face it, you just can't have the same experience as you did when you were 12 in 1997.  Just sit back and enjoy.  Good DVD extras.
B000OPOANE|4.0|Since I'd already bought the album, I made this purchase solely for the DVD - and it was worth every cent. I'm a new Rush fan - Snakes & Arrows was my first album & first concert - and I'm hooked. This DVD was a deeply satisfying and inspiring peek into the recording style, habits, relationships, and philosophies that make Rush who and what they are.  A must!
032147404X|5.0|Scott Kelby did an excellent job of writing this book. If you're a photographer or wish to be one this book is a quick read, easy to read, and you'll get good knowledge from it without all the technical aspects to it.
B000N3ST8O|5.0|I was very impressed with the quality of the cd/dvd packaging and the item itself. The price was great and now I can listen to her in my car and still see her great videos of the same songs on my tv. I'm very happy overall...Thanks!
B000LXH0AE|3.0|i'll give the item 3 stars.   the movie is really, really great and beautiful.  probably one of the best movies i've seen in the last year.    the dvd though....i had to turn up the volume more than double of my normal listening level on my tv.  the volume started out low, then got lower now and then throughout the film.  i was watching the dvd with a sony dvd player connected to the tv through standard rca cables.  i don't recall ever having this issue before.  tested other dvd's after this one, and they played normally.   i'm just guessing this was some copy-protection thing sony (the production studio of the film, and neuroticly obsessed with copy-protection) may have encoded into the disc....but that's just a guess.   this was really a shame because the movie is really, really good.   i don't see the point in releasing products that are a hassle to enjoy.      i hope people see this movie, but i hope they don't buy this dvd.  rent it or borrow it.  the market seems to be the only way we can get content producers to change what they do.
B000ROALCG|5.0|Marc Anthony Singing Hector Lavoe is enough to let you know this c.d. is an instant classic.    Jennifer Lopez's song on the soundtrack \\"Toma De Mi\\" is amazing. Beautiful flow and captivating lyrics.    Instant classi.
B000OCXFCO|5.0|The newest Megadeth lineup really rocks if you ask me. I don't really understand some of the negative feedback received for this as well as \\"The System has Failed.\\" The lyrics are good on both albums and so is the music. These are the most musically complex songs since \\"Rust In Peace.\\" I have a feeling the people that hate these albums are either a.) fans of more extreme metal genres and are currently into the European melodic death metal scene, or b.) are not \\"real\\" metalheads and like the the slower, dumbed down riffs better. This album has many rock/metal elements including progressive rock, thrash metal, speed metal, and straight forward rock. I'm a fan of most types of rock from classic rock to black/death metal. Is this Megadeth's best album? Probably not, but as a whole, it's as good as anything they put out in the '90s. And much better than their low points like \\"Risk.\\" If you're a true Megadeth or metal fan, you'll at least appreciate this album for what it is...nothing more, nothing less.
0060763892|5.0|Rollins never disappoints.  The latest Sigma Force novel has all the adrenaline pumping intrigue I come to expect from this author.
B000BJS4OY|5.0|Like much great rock this classic album is melodramatic and over-the-top (\\"Jungleland\\", \\"Lost in the Flood\\") but also like all great rock, it's tight and concise (the title track, \\"She's The One\\" and \\"Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out\\"). Archtypal mini-dramas about everyday people, propelled by tight playing from one of the '70s' hardest-working bands. 'Boss' mythos aside, Born To Run is still a great slice of high-impact rock'n'roll, positively exploding with power and emotion. It continues to stand the test of time, too; Listening to it recently it suddenly hit me Born To Run is now over 30 years old!...The box set is a true bargain at $25. Remastering of the main album is superb and the box also includes a generous-length DVD \\"Live at the Hammersmith Odeon'75\\" recorded in in front of a rapt British audience in the days - as Bruce says here - before McDonalds hit town. The other DVD is a fascinating look at the making of Born To Run. An excellent value especially considering the live DVD itself retails for $16-18...Remember to play it loud!
B0000C9ZBW|5.0|This is one of the nicest watches I've ever owned.  The slim/flat design of the watch makes it a pleasure to wear, and the titanium mesh band is comfortable.  The watch is light enough that I barely notice I'm wearing it.  Add to that that it looks fantastic, this is a great product.
B00001U0E1|5.0|I'm astounded that this movie has anything but 5 stars from everyone! The editing between the \\"live\\" action and the play and players is brilliant. The screenwriting is superb, and the characters are engaging, personable and loveable. It's as nearly perfect as a movie can get, with bright, witty dialog and tremendous aesthetics. I've seen it 6 or 7 times and I'm still enthralled at the craft of the actors, writers, producers, cinematographers, costumers, etc. Fiennes deserved best actor nomination at least for his part. Wow! Get it and you won't be disappointed.
B00009L1UP|5.0|With this cd Queensryche proved that they could make a killer album and still market to radio.  I really don't think that there's a bad song here and as some reviewers have pointed out that 'One and Only' and 'Hand on Heart' seem to be filler I will disagree on that point.  Taken as a whole these songs do fit in and everything works here. The song writing, the instruments and the backing vocals which, for me, are a highlight because after this they just never seem to capture that essence. This may be DeGarmo's best here and Queensryche at their pinnacle of success as evidenced in the coming years.  This is one of those albums that you just never seem to get tired of.  Of course, the die-hard fans from their first albums might cry foul here, but you always need to rate each album on its own and not compare it to others.  Which, of course, is sometimes a difficult thing to do.  If you haven't already gotten this, then I strongly recommend the remastered version.  Not just for the bonus tracks but because it is remastered and kills the original version sound wise.  I have the original and it doesn't compare to the remastered version.
B000K15VSA|1.0|I'm not rating Blade Runner 1 star.  I'm giving 1 star as a protest against Amazon and the reviewers who are rating this dvd set 5 months before it comes out.......They haven't even seen it in person.  The set may be junk, how would they know.........Vid quality, Sound quality, packaging quality ??????????    Amazon needs to keep the Customer Review Option closed until a product has been released, to prevent biased \\"people\\" from commenting on products they haven't been able to evaluate in person, but want to be the first to chip in their half-cent uninformed opinions, that have no basis in reality.    I rate this cookie, I've never tasted, 5/5 stars because...............I think it may taste good and I want to be the first person to rate it.  Doke!!!
B000QUCNP4|3.0|Director David Fincher takes an unexpected approach to telling the fact-based story of the Zodiac killer from the 1970s. Instead of spending a lot of time focusing on the acts of the killer, the film focuses primarily on the investigators involved in the case and one man's obsession with finding the truth.    Expect more dialogue and clue-chasing rather than grisly acts of murder, although there are a few of those. Silence of the Lambs this ain't, but it's still a well-acted and well put together film with dark psychological undertones (of which Fincher has proved to be a master since \\"Se7en\\"). The actors all give good performances, escpecially Robert Downey Jr. who seems to shine above all others.    I enjoyed the film, but found that a one-time viewing was enough for me. I was really too young to remember the case, but it was interesting to learn more about one of the most famous serial murderers in U.S. history. The fact that it was a true story was a big plus. If this had been a work of fiction, I probably would not have cared for the film at all.    For those of you who loved the film or if you love DVDs with extras, please wait until next year before shelling out your money for this film because a definitive director's cut will be released with oodles of extra features including modern-day interviews with surviving victims and investigators of the case.    Overview: it's worth a look, but not a purchase, in my humble opinion.
B000000OAN|4.0|If you like Queen, this is a great album, especially if you want the song, Bohemian Rhapsody.  Many of Queen's greatest hits' album's don't include that song.  I bought the record album in the 70's and wanted to upgrade to the CD.
B000OCXFCO|4.0|This album may not be the best Megadeth effort of all time, but it IS the best Megadeth effort since Youthanasia. The lineup on this album (Shawn and Glen Drover, James Lomenzo, and of course Mustaine) proves to be possibly the best lineup Megadeth has had ever since the early years of Mustaine, Dave Ellefson, Chris Poland and Gar Samuelson. The Drover brothers flat out ROCK! The heavy bass lines seriously make you forget the fact that Lomenzo came from that wimpy band White Lion. Mustaine's riffs and solos have arisen from the dead and at times remind me of the Peace Sells days (the first track Sleepwalker reminds me of Peace Sells' Devil's Island). All in all, I am very pleased with United Abominations.
B00005ASHM|5.0|I think that being included on virtually every modern top 10 list ever made carries with it the inevitable curse of people looking at each other and saying \\"what's the big freakin' DEAL?\\"  I see this being the case with Pet Sounds.  I have said many times before, and I will say it again, that comparing one artist with another is pointless.  Can I understand why so many people compare The Beach Boys to The Beatles?  Sure.  They both were popular at right around the same time, and historically they inspired each other to try new things in their work.  That, right there, is where all comparisons should end.  First and foremost, The Beach Boys were not a rock band; they were a pop music group.  I mean, Pet Sounds features more Timpani solos than guitar solos!  They did not have the same aesthetic, they did not sing about the same subject matter, their songs were constructed in completely different ways.  So why all this persistence in comparing Pet Sounds to Revolver or Sgt. Pepper?  It's like comparing classical music with jazz - it just doesn't add up.  In and of itself, without thinking about how great \\"Taxman\\" is, Pet Sounds is a truly enjoyable record.  It's songs are immaculately produced.  It's melodies are rich and textured.  Lyrically speaking it may not have broken any ground, but I don't think that's what they were going for.  I think the focus was on the music, and that's what we should all be focusing on.  5 stars.
B000056BOR|1.0|I bought the Artisan version. Half way through it started blurring, skipping, and stopped.  Multiple attempts to get it to run failed.
068981528X|5.0|I bought this book as a gift for the younger daughter of a friend. Since I had ordered Harry Potter for her sister, I wanted her to have something too. It turned out to be one terrific gift in many ways. As a parent and teacher, I would never give a book to a child without checking it first for suitability. I found the story delightful -- warmhearted and humorous. \\"And the moral of the story is . . . \\" even better than the original.  The best part for me was that the wolves, those so unfairly maligned family animals, are the Good Guys.  And oh yes, she loved it.
0385340559|5.0|Another one-sitting read from Lee Child, perfect for the beach, poolside, a hammock, or even the bathroom if you have IBS.<br /><br />In this, the eleventh in the series, Reacher reunites with his former military special investigator team to avenge the death of one of their own. Like The Dirty Dozen or The Seven Samurai, we meet the heroes one by one, learn their areas of expertise, and then send them into a battle where they're outnumbered and outgunned.<br /><br />The fun of a Jack Reacher novel is threefold; watching the surprising plot unfold, getting to know and care about the characters, and then cheering as the bad guys get their faces kicked in.<br /><br />BLAT begins and ends with a helicopter ride, and the rest of the book is similarly structured, with many ups, downs, twists, and turns. As it has been said many times, reading Child is like watching a movie. A fun movie, that you hate to see end.
B0002E1H88|5.0|Been using this faithfully on all guitars for about a year now. I can easily tell the strings stay in better shape, keep their brightness longer and just keep sounding the same. I play for a few hours every day and had to replace strings every month to month and a half. This lets me keep 'em for three months easy. This stuff is very well worth the price. Also easy to use as the bottle has a \\"fuzzy\\" dispensing pad that you rub on the strings then just wipe off. Great stuff, get some today.
B00005R2IS|5.0|That's where it all started. In Australia and nowhere else. And I must say that landscape is impressive. It was science fiction at the time and it no longer is. In spite of all, we have grown into that kind of frantic frenzy, criminally biased and with no one to stop them. We are today speaking, and have been for a while, of a new criminal organization, a new mafia, a new gangsterism and it has come not to the desert but to our cities, to our suburban areas. These new criminals do not want power, control, or even influence. They just want to make money and to get the thrill of absolute fear around them, no matter what thrill actually, but the thrill of robbing, killing, blowing up. They have no political motivations like in the late 60s and early 70s. They just want to feel blood on their hands and smell powder in their nostrils. They are not even well organized as money making criminals. They take tremendous risks and don't even hide their tracks. Being run after by the cops is fun and they can kill one from time to time, a pregnant young female cop if possible. We have fully entered the modern criminal urban civil war and we better move our heads and rake our brains if we do not want them to take over whole neighborhoods where the law is going to be their law. That's exactly what Mad Max is showing and demonstrating. That's our future, that's already our present. If you don't believe it just check with Grenoble in the Alps or wherever there has been an \\"incident\\" (it should be called an ambush or a battle) of that type. What's more Mel Gibson had seen that the good ones in our society, those who have authority will most of them decide that it is going against the human rights of these new criminals if we want to shoot them when they have a bullet proof vest on and a heavy automatic gun in their hands. Some in the press even believe you must - not should, mind you - ask them for permission before shooting at them, and they no longer use light guns. They use heavy military weapons. Some even call themselves the barbarians of the latter days and one of these gangs (all the members are in prison right now) tortured a young Jew to death over several days just because he was a Jew, and the leader of the gang managed to go back to his homeland in Africa to find refuge, which he luckily did not find because he was extradited back to France and what tried for his crime. There is only one way with these: get the wolf out of the wood and declare the hunting season open and that species of wolves no longer protected except if they surrender and put their weapons down BEFORE killing, or even wounding, anyone. That sounds harsh but I have lived through the end of the Tamil Tigers in Sri Lanka, a piece of the end, and I can tell you there is nothing else to do because anyone of them who will manage to get out of the final stand in which they are trapped will start shooting again tomorrow morning as soon as they walk free on parole. France has had its batch of terrorism in the late 80s and early 90s but Mesrine was not tried and a few others were not either. I regret Carlos was. That kind of an outlaw does not really deserve a trial. I am told we must respect the human rights of these criminals. I could if their crimes were crimes of passion. But their crimes are crimes of blood, of greed, of absolute destruction. Mad Max got them all. Good. Unluckily that will not bring the victims of these barbarians back to life, will it?<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGIDilitary weapons. Some even call themselves the barbarians of the latter days and one of these gangs (all the members are in prison right now) tortured a young Jew to death over several days just because he was a Jew, and the leader of the gang managed to go back to his homeland in Africa to find refuge, which he luckily did not find because he was extradited back to France and what tried for his crime. There is only one way with these: get the wolf out of the wood and declare the hunting season open and that species of wolves no longer protected except if they surrender and put their weapons down BEFORE killing, or even wounding, anyone. That sounds harsh but I have lived through the end of the Tamil Tigers in Sri Lanka, a piece of the end, and I can tell you there is nothing else to do because anyone of them who will manage to get out of the final stand in which they are trapped will start shooting again tomorrow morning as soon as they walk free on parole. France has had its batch of terrorism in the late 80s and early 90s but Mesrine was not tried and a few others were not either. I regret Carlos was. That kind of an outlaw does not really deserve a trial. I am told we must respect the human rights of these criminals. I could if their crimes were crimes of passion. But their crimes are crimes of blood, of greed, of absolute destruction. Mad Max got them all. Good. Unluckily that will not bring the victims of these barbarians back to life, will it?    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Crteil, CEGID
038533348X|3.0|Eh. It was fun at times. And really boring at times. A mediocre read at best.
1593080255|3.0|This novel is one which everyone has heard of and many are compelled to read it as part of school curriculum. I never did, but thought I would give it a try as I really enjoy dry British wit and intelligent prose. Beyond that, I wasn't sure what else I was expecting, but for my tastes, I didn't end up entirely satisfied.<br /><br />The opening 10 or 20 pages insinuated themselves into my imagination and I felt that I would be entertained by the main characters throughout the rest of the novel. The detailed descriptions of the lovely country setting and extravagant flowers gives one an impression of decadence and a high society jadedness that I somehow expected from Oscar Wilde, having read none of his previous work. Unfortunately, the remainder of the novel didn't hold as much pleasure for me.<br /><br />Dorian Grey is a relatively uninteresting central character who is but a blank canvas for Lord Henry to experiment upon; Dorian's own thoughts and musings are not so compelling in and of themselves and yet we are treated to quite a few pages of them throughout. Lord Henry himself is an interesting character whose mean-spiritedness, which approaches evil in some instances, is obscured by his verbose bantering on half-baked, jaundiced observations on Victorian life. These also consume considerable paper stock, and as witty as his musings start out (his thoughts on marriage were particularly humorous to me), they start to run together and become somewhat of a misshapen lump through which I felt I was slogging at times.<br /><br />Anyway, the story is relatively well known to most at this point, regardless of whether you have read the book in question or not. It progresses more or less as one might assume, which is not entirely a bad thing (I would not classify this tale as a mystery or as a horror novel, a genre to which I see it is sometimes curiously attributed). Oscar Wilde is definitely saying something here, and there seem to be many elements of allegory contained within the story. I have read that he saw parts of himself within all three of the main characters, and they do seem to represent different facets of a single personality. Unfortunately these same characters are hamstrung by this very fact, as they each seem only part of a personality, part of a character, and not well rounded or believable in their motivations or actions.<br /><br />This is the first Oscar Wilde I have attempted to read, and I won't say it is my last, but there are classics of English literature which are as well written, more engrossing, and, in the end, more memorable, at least to this reader (\\"Silas Marner\\" comes to mind as a fine book I only just recently read for the first time as well).<br /><br />So, overall, about 3 stars from me. In my opinion it poses some interesting questions, sparkles in a few spots, and held my attention for a few hours, but it's not something I would return to or recommend for pleasurable reading.<br /><br />As a side note, I am somewhat surprised by the criticisms of the homoerotic nature of the relationships portrayed within the novel. Wilde portrayed the passionate nature of what amounts to a love triangle in a very effective (if slightly florid) way, and, as has been noted before, the relationships between the men seem more genuine and believable than those involving the fairer sex. Maybe this type of undertone would be out of place in a Hemingway novel but good grief it's Oscar Wilde! Scratch beneath the surface and read about where this man was coming from and the times in which he lived and worked.within the story. I have read that he saw parts of himself within all three of the main characters, and they do seem to represent different facets of a single personality. Unfortunately these same characters are hamstrung by this very fact, as they each seem only part of a personality, part of a character, and not well rounded or believable in their motivations or actions.<br /><br />This is the first Oscar Wilde I have attempted to read, and I won't say it is my last, but there are classics of English literature which are as well written, more engrossing, and, in the end, more memorable, at least to this reader (\\"Silas Marner\\" comes to mind as a fine book I only just recently read for the first time as well).<br /><br />So, overall, about 3 stars from me. In my opinion it poses some interesting questions, sparkles in a few spots, and held my attention for a few hours, but it's not something I would return to or recommend for pleasurable reading.<br /><br />As a side note, I am somewhat surprised by the criticisms of the homoerotic nature of the relationships portrayed within the novel. Wilde portrayed the passionate nature of what amounts to a love triangle in a very effective (if slightly florid) way, and, as has been noted before, the relationships between the men seem more genuine and believable than those involving the fairer sex. Maybe this type of undertone would be out of place in a Hemingway novel but good grief it's Oscar Wilde! Scratch beneath the surface and read about where this man was coming from and the times in which he lived and worked.
0743496728|5.0|When you think of a school shooting, you only think of the victims that lay at the hands of the shooter and you sympathize with them.  In this book, Jodi Picoult allows you to sympathize with the shooter in a way that most of us never though possible.  This is a great read, right up there with My Sisters Keeper and The Pact (in my own opinion).  You won't be able to put it down as each page, in true Picoult fashion, leaves you hanging on edge just waiting for the next turn of events.
B000QFAJ7S|4.0|By the 200+ reviews here, one thing is obvious.  You either love it or hate it. You get it or you don't.  That's the beauty of artistry, only here it's all in the ear of the listener.  If you want pop, dance, catchy tunes forget it.  If you want something to make you think and feel, this is for you.  Me?   I think I like it.
0743455967|5.0|this is a great book.  The most valuable thing about it is it generates enthusiasm and encourages discipline.  I got a short story published for the first time this spring and I find myself picking up this book again and again when I lack inspiration.  Teachers of writing disdain uncle Steve, but he knows his stuff.
B0001L3MI0|1.0|Just another tediously boring \\"America saves the planet while the rest of the world stands around doing nothing\\" film. Yawn.
B00005JPLW|5.0|There are times in film (few) where you are just overwhelmed with the spectacle of it all.  The merger of vision, story, and technology that can immerse you in a world, or a moment, or an emotion.  Like the Star Destroyer fly-by in the opening of Star Wars, the first time you see the T-1000 morph, even the train-station-to-waltz sequence in the Fisher King.  All of those moments take you someplace else, and impress the circumstance and emotion on the viewer at a deeper level.  300 is notable, if for nothing else, for stringing more of these moments together in a more timeless manner than in any other movie I have ever seen.    Fully embracing Frank Miller's graphic novelization of the tale, 300 comes to the screen in muted brown grey swirls, punctured by color only when necessary.  A presentation that will likely stand the test of time as opposed to the some of the special effects sequences mentioned above.   300 foregoes rote historical exposition, and instead unfolds in a series of surreal canvasses.   It's as if we stumbled on to a long lost collection of paintings chronicling the events of the myth.  We're immersed in the mastery of the craftsmanship, and awed by the vision; yet understandably unconcerned if the outfits aren't exactly the right color.  And this works because 300 isn't about the \\"history\\", 300 is a celebration, a dreamlike amplification of the legend.      The blue screen soundstage shooting gives the performances the closeness of a stage production, but also adds the ability to paint anything, anywhere, at anytime.  A significant improvement over other recent attempts at the technique.  As a result, you are always where you need to be, always at the right vantage point to fully enjoy the story. This contrbutes greatly to how incredibly well paced the story is, maintaining its energy and message throughout its length.  300 even takes the extra step to find the right ending point for the movie, not just wrapping it up with some weepy terse pablumat the battlesite, but illustrating what outcome the sacrifice of the 300+ really created for Sparta, for Greece, for democracy, and ultimately for all of us.  The buildup, the battle, the intrigue, the defeat, and the ultimate victory all laid out masterfully, rollickingly, and enjoyably.    One of the more amusing jabs from the negative critics was the knock on the dialogue - even when many of the cited offending lines are taken from the only available historical sources.  I'll leave the politics to the side by just saying history does repeat itself, and any take on history has lessons to teach.  I can't speak to Mr. Miller's politics, but his rendition of the tale (and the actual history) has many parallels to the present, and can be interpreted as pointing a damning finger at many in today's world.  (And hey, if the Iranian government is against it on \\"cultural\\" grounds, then sign me up!)    It is hard to find a single battle with a greater impact on the development and spread of democracy then the real battle of Thermopylae.  You can learn more about that history in any number of places, and I'd encourage you to do so.  But it's impossible to find a more impressive, awe-inducing telling of the myth than 300.
B000002J0N|4.0|Although not on par with their debut... A great set of music \\"non-the-less\\" with great performances & song writings. Can't beat it on a hot summer day around a grill or out on a boat with ice cold adult bevies & substances in hand.    BEAUTIFUL STUFF...
B000QXDEDG|5.0|Unbelievable film, this goes right up there with the Rocky movies and so many other inspirational, get pumped-up movies.  This is truly a classic, and if you don't see the message in it or in the least, feel something great from this film, then watch it until you do. :)  Respectfully, to the reviewer who is making some kind of connection with homosexuality and Iran, I have got to say that you and others like you need to stop connecting these movies with reality and making something out of nothing. It's ridiculous.  And, to say that someone does not have something wrong with your feedback, but the movie, is simply saying you're offended by any disagreement. Well, too bad, this movie is a triumphant film and the last thing I have on my mind at the end of this movie is certainly not some mainstream, non-sensical political garbage of modern society like that.  If the director wanted to slide that into the film, which I know some do and it is shameful, then the majority are not going to even care nor notice about that aspect anyway.  However, some individuals like yourself feel the need to spread garbage and point things out that don't need to be fabricated or at the most, blown out of proportion.  Who cares if the Iranians say \\"death to Americans\\", that's them being stereotypical, and hopefully one day it will all be smoothed over, but for now, just take the movie(s) for what it is (they're) worth. We don't need to be taking some things, like a movie, so seriously.  This movie is full of heart, courage, and perseverance; the true lesson that we can ALL use a little more of... Thank You for your time.
0446677450|5.0|That is the best book one should read when they are still young to enable them realize their ambitions.
1881273156|5.0|This book make a whole lot of sense!! You can pretty much relate to every story no matter what your situation is!! It made a great boost to our marriage.
0975991477|5.0|Learn about cellular biology in an exceptionally entertaining way.  Create happy, pleasant environments for your cells for their optimum communication skills within your body.  Dr. Bruce Lipton is entertaining, and knowledgeable.  His information is supported by studies and facts.  This book is especially important if you are pregnant, or have a child under the age of six. Don't miss this one! Namaste!
B000H5V8DG|4.0|Thoroughly enjoying the content.  Bought this product new, but discs stopped playing multiple times (really kills the suspense).  Discs would play after windex and lots of elbow grease to remove what I can only classify as \\"gunk\\".  Some were really scratched although none of the marks were so deep it did permanent damage. I'm about halfway through the series now.
0151013047|4.0|It is fascinating and does give you another point of view. I was  sympathetic to the narrater in the beginning, and gradually repelled by him. He fails to mention that Pakistan helped the Taliban , that they easily hide out in their country and possibly hid Bin Laden, so he is a little off the mark. I thought the title was the Reluctant Terrorist as I read it.
B00005MAM2|3.0|I didn't enjoy Akira as much as I expected--it's one of those films that gets sillier and more preposterous every minute, and not in an ironic, funny way--but I would still recommend it to fans of [[ASIN:B00000K19E The Matrix]] (it explores some of the same themes) or of anime generally. Although the premise and the plot wore thin after a while, the animation is excellent and the English dubbing is also quite good.
B000002LND|5.0|Madonna was one of the most definitive pop phenomenons of the 1980's and continues with her career, with no pause, today.<br />Her combination of Dance-pop, synthpop and  electronica produced some really memorable stuff, and she certainly makes sure today, as in the 80's that she is noticed.<br />But there is some really good stuff she produced and this album is her definitve greatest hits collection.<br />My personal favourites here include the overtly sexual Like A Virgin, the cabaret-dance-pop hit, Material Girl, the  feel-good Into The Groove, the youthfully defiant Papa Don't Preach, and the feminine Like A Prayer.<br />This album combines the best of Madonna's talent during her 80's career.<br />This is an important addition to the collection of a fan of 80's pop.
0553383663|5.0|This book does a wonderful job of explaining that Google's success comes from great timing, great leadership, having a solution to a specific problem, and a bit of luck.  A worthwhile read for sure.
B000025XKM|5.0|I discovered Nick Drake amongst my uncles vinyl collection back in the 80s. I fell in love immediately with his beautiful and subtle voice, his great, intricate but undertstated guitar arrangements, the moving lyrics and the general feel and mood of all of Nick's albums. Pink Moon is probably the most melancholic of the 3 albums, but oh so beautiful. I used to listen to it driving around the Po valley in Italy in the thick autumn fog and drizzle. Such a soft and moody introspective journey. As I listened my heart always went out to this talented but very sad man who left this world so early, but which gave us such wonderfull beauty in his songs.
B00005U11Z|5.0|The sound and the songs are fantastic!!!!They keep going when you think it's over!!!I highly recommend!!!!  If your a Journey Fan There is no possible way you can be dissapointed!!!!!!
B000OY8NII|5.0|I love Eureka and getting to watch the first season over again is awesome, and the extras are a blast
1582701709|1.0|There's no need to re-invent the New Age wheel and create a mysticism and who's who list of reknown individuals who \\"know the secret\\" to try and validate the books secrets and universal laws.  This is nothing new.  It's the old lie from those who feel the need to modernize what they believe are archaic, obsolete and rigid religions or rather to throw them all into one big pot and insist that they are all equally viable ways to salvation and that Jesus, Buddha and all the \\"Masters\\" and \\"Gurus\\" said and meant essentially the same thing (NOT).  It's the same concept from those such as Eckhart Tolle and Neale Donald Walsch who tend to blame their inability to grasp true gospel and mistake it for and present it as, a message of hell and condemnation (or reinterpret the words of Jesus erroneously).  To them, there is no hell because you are god, just in an \\"untapped\\" or \\"unconscious\\" form.  To all those who are spritually curious, dig deeper.  Do what I've done:  read things like this to do your due diligence but also read the sources of the other religions.  Examine the Quran, read the Torah, see what Buddha said, read about Hinduism, and read the Bible.  For example, don't base your rejection or acceptance of a belief based on what may have been bad experiences growing up and seeing imperfect, \\"so called\\" followers of these religions (a \\"Christian\\" hypocrite or a wayward pastor or priest, let's say) taint the true message of the source (the Bible).  To be sure, I am a Christian who once was agnostic.  Even after accepting Christ, I felt the need to make sure my faith was an intelligent faith.  So I studied Islam, I read New Age books like The Secret, Conversations With God and The Power of Now.  I examined the accuracy of the Bible through the lenses of archeology, biology, geology and astronomy.  So far so good.  Books like this only strengthen my faith in the Bible because they are so man-made.  If you are an honest seeker, read the Bible.  Start with JAR (John, Acts,Romans) if you don't know where to start.  It's startling that we would read 2-400 pages of a book and not even intelligently compare it to 200-400 pages of reading the Bible.  If you don't want to read the bible, try The Case For Christ by Lee Strobel or Jesus Among Other Gods by Ravi Zacharias.  Just dig deeper.  It's not about religion or rules but rather, a restored relationship.  This on the other hand, is not the truth.  Tingly feelings and meditations don't make me a god. And don't tell me that \\"I'm not god because I do not see myself as god\\" as once stated by Shirley MacLaine.  I'm not trapped in negative energy or unconsciousness.  I'm just a man in need of a Mediator to a Holy God who cannot co-exist with sin.  Jesus Christ is my Savior, my Mediator.  His tomb is empty in Jerusalem because He was crucified, buried and raised from the dead.  As far as I know, every other master, guru, or prophet could not conquer death and are still in their tombs.  This book is just old hash re-packaged in a nice cover.
1844583678|5.0|My daughter absolutely LOVES this book.  She has memorized the words and now reads this book to us!  We love it!
6304711905|5.0|Great movie if your a historical western buff.Great detail was done in making the movie;costumes,guns,saddles,cowboy gear,etc.I e-mailed Harry Carey Jr.(who was in the movie.He played city marshal Fred White)and I asked him a question about making the picture,and he answered in detail.Keep this one in your collection if you want to see Val Kilmer act like the real Doc Holliday.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|I was sure I would hate this cd...I was wrong.  I was pulling for Kelly because I think she is an amazing talent and I was hoping that this cd would do well because of the controversy...that's the only reason I bought it...fully expecting to hate it, but buying it out of support.  I think it is fantastic.  She is an amazing writer.  The songs are not the style I normally like, but the words and her amazing voice made me love it anyway.  The more I listen to it the more I like it.  She truly shows her versatility on this one!  Looking forward to the next one as well :)
B00026L7O0|1.0|I expect sequels to be somewhat close in calibre to the movies they are following.  Well, HA!!! With this one, that expectation didn't even come close.  To me, all this movie accomplished was gore & digust.  What a shame that such a spectacular actor (Hopkins) agreed to lower himself and the character to this level.  In my opinion, people should have been offered top dollar to waste their time and view this thing.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This DVD is fantastic!  It has everything on it I had hoped for.  I was a little concerned that the copy I purchased would not have the \\"Goddess of Spring\\" feature it claimed to have, and so I was delighted when it did.  The person who sold it to me was very prompt about shipping the DVD and answering my e-mails. I greatly appreciate the effort put in to selling me this item. As a life-long fan of \\"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,\\" I am very happy with this purchase.  I'm sure any other \\"Snow White\\" fan will be too.
1582701709|1.0|I have a much better book recommendation for people who are looking for the answers.  The Bible!  Old and New Testament.  It will change your life if you let it!!
B000MTPANQ|5.0|This CD/DVD captures Neil Young during a very creative time. He had just written most of the songs performed with Journey Through the Past probably only a few days old. Bad fog of loneliness, which he had never released, is a real gem.<br /><br />Get it...
1400063515|2.0|As with many post-modern works this volume promises far more than it delivers; a glimpse of wisdom but never anything we can really use.  The Black Swan is merely the unanticipated event that screws things up royally.  Taleb, Professor of the Sciences of Uncertainty, is copious with references but thin in his digesting or explanation of many.  I cannot exchange one-on-one with Taleb on the tails of the financial market changes he's most concerned with but I have read his book and must admit the second half was so aggravating I was dreaming of this review.      He is correct suggesting that the media is irritatingly compelled to give, often silly, \\"explanations\\" for every Dow fluctuation.  The evening news is not science.  I'm convinced that daily market fluctuations are more due to people, like Taleb, traders, playing with models or guesses trying to hit it big with other peoples' money than media reasons.  Randomness and distributions are involved with more than the stock market, statistics and philosophies.  My problem with this book is that Taleb throws out everything and replaces it with nothing.  The title invokes the wrong species; it seems clear that Chicken Little and the Impact of the Highly Improbably is a much more appropriate title.      Anyone who has tracked data (any kind, your weight, S&P500, maximum temperature, rainfall, or gasoline prices) over any amount of time knows that the progression is seldom smooth.  This is particularly true when tracing the values of individual firms; which is one of the devises used by Taleb to make his points.  If a particular investment firm goes belly up because they adopted an extreme strategy, honest or not, why throw out all strategies?  If you want very much higher than average returns on your investments, then you must incur higher than average risks; meaning, without statistics, that your down side can be significant.  But, if you're targeting average or slightly above average returns, there are strategies ProfTaleb doesn't explain except to reject in blanket fashion.  Perhaps it's a statistical unworthy ancestor but why is there no mention of the central limit theorem?  Gaussian, certainly but evidenced as well. Yes averaging minimizes the extreme; dismissed as \\"grey swan.\\"  He purposely avoids even basic technical definitions, relying on flip condemnation.  But, I care less about the rarified investment world that Taleb seems obsessed with, or his lack fit with the philosophers.  I find the most egregious prose in this book is leveled against \\"social sciences\\" although Taleb exhibits virtually no knowledge of the subject, not its depth or especially its range.      Consider the question of forecasting the traffic levels on a road system in Taleb's home area.  This is an area of statistical forecasting shared by civil engineers, planner, geographers, and yes, economists.  Taleb will prefer to drive his BMW (why am I certain he drives a BMW?) on roads whose planners have anticipated the traffic levels with a high degree of accuracy for those average days he drives to his editor to discuss profits of his newest book.  The planners, indeed Taleb, will be most interested in the normal day not the one day when 12 inches of snow falls or when the unexpected meteor crashes at the end of his driveway.  He will listen to the news and realize 12 inches of snow is coming, perhaps he should not venture out, or he'll creep along cursing the weather station.  Or, in the second case, he could be squashed by the meteor.  We live, everyday, with average and normal conditions and behavior; many of us, social scientists, meteorologists, planners, just regular people try to cope with the normal operations of society, not the unanticipated extremes of the distribution.  We plan for tomorrow not someday when the \\"sky may fall.\\"  Yes, some days we get it wrong but most we get it right or at least come close.  Being ready for the extremes is meaningful, and the notion I thought this book was going to be about, but the normal tomorrow is what I train people to deal with.      I recognize that there are extreme, powerful, random events; Taleb, rightfully, keeps coming back to war; he perhaps was closer to it than many.  But, if by definition I can't predict the events or change them, what should I do?  Taleb, having said I should reject virtually all \\"science\\" that helps me predict the normal, the average, and at least some of the fluctuation, advises me to be \\"noncommoditized in [my] thinking\\" and to not be a sucker.  More than \\"postmodern\\" Taleb is also elitist in that he draws our attention to the positive Black Swans in that we \\"want\\" to have the benefits of picking the great new stock before it's great.  He want us to recognize that the positive Black Swans are \\"random\\" and focus less on the negative Black Swans of normal process.  The idea of civilization is based on a society protecting itself from the random insults of the real world.  Taleb maligns social science but ignores the underlying forces of civilization - to provide protection from extreme hurt to those who don't deserve it.  Indeed, the whole notion of a progressive income tax is societies way of dealing with the everyday black swans, so are dams, guardrails, and a host of normal projections of the possible.  Taleb seems more concerned for the losses/gains of the super-rich.    Prof Taleb, you have told your reader to throw out most statistical theory.  How have fractiles helped you cope with war?  Or, better to end it?  The posture of this book I contend, is \\"post modern\\" and irresponsible.  I'm tempted to look at your Fooled by Randomness because I suspect you may have stretched what was left of your idea to write this one, The Black Swan, is too thin of content but way too dense of attitude.  Like I said \\"Chicken Little\\" not swan-like at all.
B000NA28I4|1.0|I liked it better the first time, when it was called STAR WARS....    Darth Vader should be in the sequel when he asks Eragon to join the dark side.     I really wonder how George Lucas feels about this..?
B000RJO57I|5.0|It is a hilarious satire done superbly well. It blends and spoofs from our collective conscience all those police action adventure movies. I won't say much. Watch it you won't regret it.
B00005JNS0|5.0|Really enjoyed this movie, which I saw first in a theater. The Mario Andretti reference puzzled me because he is a very minor character in the film. However, I viewed the extras on the DVD and discovered that the makers got a lot of support from the racing community and took a tour of Route 66. (The desertion of Route 66 plays a big part in the story.) Highly recommended.
B000BKVQTS|4.0|British comedy is not for everyone, and british action flicks are really not for most people, especially when starring American actors.  Once you understand and accept this fact of life, then you realize how good a movie this really is.  The storyline is simple; the two Grimm brothers (Damon and Ledger) are traveling con men in Napeolonic Europe.  They use their knowledge of optics, chemistry, physics and psychology to create apparitions in isolated villages, and then appear to save the villagers from these demons.  The local French ruler (Price) uncovers their ruse and sends them on a mission to solve a real mystery in a German village.  They, of course do, and proceed to become local heroes.      There are numerous aspects of this film that are quite impressive and admirable.  First of, this is one of the few films to accurately portray European village life before the Industrial Revolution.  The roads are muddy, the people and their clothes are dirty as daily bathing is unknown, bad hygiene (missing teeth, etc...) is universal, superstition is ingrained in daily thoughts and speech, and children of both genders often wear the same clothes.  None of the Musketeer films have done such a good job of portraying rural Europe circa 1800.      Second, the action scenes are deliberate and integral to the story.  There are no grand war scenes, nor eye-catching CGI.  Every action scene progresses the story in some way or another, and each is innovative.  A good example is when the farmer's horse swallows his daughter.     Third, the casting was quite good.  Lena Headey was perfect in her role as the village outcast.  She was attractive, but not too much as to cast doubt on the validity of her role as village outcast.  The choice of Monical Belluci as the Mirror Queen was also great.  She is very attractive, but for a queen who is centuries old, Belluci's natural age was a good fit.  And Peter Stormare does quite well as local henchman.    I saw this movie twice; once at the theater and once on DVD.  The DVD viewing is much better because I could read the subtitles.  Terry Gilliam made this movie so authentic that a lot of the dialogue includes strong accents that can be lost in a movie theater, but which is captured with subtitles.
B000QFAJ7S|3.0|As one who loathed `Thankful' for it's teen-pop machinations and surmised `Breakaway' the jarring juxtaposition of various disparate noises that it was, Clarkson's declaration of autonomy, on paper, reeked of self-indulgence and pigheadedness; but one need only one listen to thank the musical heavens that she had the balls to stand up to Clive Davis after all.  `My December' is chock full of power-pop, with Clarkson utilizing her muscular tones far superiorly than her two previous efforts.  Davis needn't have worried, though; while `My December' could have benefited from a few musical spin-doctors, there's enough fluidity in the melodies that Clarkson constructed to please her most dedicated audience - that teen-pop compendium of young girls and youthful gay males - who might not notice the darker, downtempo confessional (take the last cut `Irvine', her most restrained, pained vocal yet, even in its simplicity - which may be the point).<br />Okay, so `My December' is more 1980s-circa Heart than Joni Mitchell; `Blue' it's not. Hell, it ain't even `Missundaztood' (we're just thrilled it isn't Carrie Underwood or 'Some Hearts'). But it is the work of an artist declaring her freedom from the chains of commercialism for a more aesthetic procuring. And for that she needs to be commended.  My grade: B+
B000QUCNP4|5.0|I wasn't expecting much from this movie, since I really hadn't heard any reviews on it.  I was gladly surprised, had me interested the entire 2 hours and 37 minutes.  Great movie.
0385333846|5.0|I picked this up recently on sale at the local bookstore after hearing the named buzzed around a bit lately.  I dived into the book not quite sure to expect, thinking I might be ending up with a war novel that might be a little to much John Wayne.  As the book clearly points out in the begining, in this novel about war, and many, many other things, there is no room for John Wayne or Dean Martin when the movie version comes around.  However, there is a very, dare I say unique storyline?  Alot of inventiveness in style and in ideas.  The author is clearly the rightful owner of more cleverness than the ordinary person could ever hope to handle.<br />I obviously loved it, I thought about it while walking around at night, while talking about other things to people, while sleeping and at work.  Because the world of moments Vonnegut creates is just so damn interesting.  I had to pinch myself 100 times afterwards to remind myself i'm broke and that I can't go and buy any more of the authors work right now.<br />Buy it, read it, love it, irritate your friends by suggesting it, then re-read it.
B000PFUA9G|5.0|This extremly talented country music star has a nitch for writing his own music, and singing it well.
B000KKPN5C|4.0|Being an amateur photographer, I didn't need anything extravagant in terms of lighting.  The built in flash just did not give me the control I wanted for lighting shots, and I needed to be able to bounce light as desired.  This is a great way to give yourself some control over on camera lighting and not break the bank doing it.  I am sure pros would want something more powerful, but for hobbyists this is great.  Works as advertised, and I have not had any issues in terms of usability or reliability.
B000K15VSA|2.0|i don't understand why this movie is regarded as a masterpiece?  i've fallen asleep every time i have attempted to watch it.  the story is boring.  one man hunts down escaped prisoners.  whopee.  nothing we haven't seen in 40 other movies.  the twist is that they are all robots.  wow. the \\"mystery\\" of whether harrison ford is a replicant or not is not compelling.  maybe it's because harrison ford's acting is so wooden and boring that i just assumed he's been a robot his entire career.  the only good thing about this movie is the production design.  however even that gets boring and monotonous.  everything is in the dark.  how about a daylight scene to contrast it with all of the dark?  BORING SNOOZFEST.  if you want a good ridley scott sci fi movie, rent ALIEN, even though that is really a horror movie.  still, the characters are more interesting and the story more engaging than this over rated piece of crapola.
B000089RV6|5.0|In my opinion this album is the greatest Rock 'N' Roll album ever. I strongly recommend you to buy this if your a rock fan, it is a must have. On another note I read some of the 1 star reviews and I urge you to disregard what they have to say for a few reasons. One reason is they put some false facts in their reviews (not all but a few) which clearly shows their lack of knowledge concerning this great rock band. Also I saw some of their other reviews for other cds. They gave 4-5 stars for bands like greenday and I think Beyonce (some crap like that)though their were a few who gave great bands like Metallica 4-5 stars. One more thing is that AC/DC makes great rock music, think about it. Its powerful yet simple and usually about the  definitive rock 'N' Roll topics which are women/sex, alcohol, and good times. The songs of Back In Black are great rock songs which many people love, from credible rock/metal musicians to the average person.
0618680004|2.0|I had hoped to find The God Delusion stimulating. I was very disappointed. Dawkins' tone is so bitter and the way he speaks of people of faith is so belittling that I find nothing compelling in his stance.    Not that I want to be compelled by an atheist! However, I was under the impression that his book was an attempt to offer a logical and practical argument for atheism but it is little more than an attack on faith and religion. In other words, I find nothing in his argument that would compel me to want to follow in his footsteps. He offers nothing attractive about atheism but only bitter criticisms of religion.    I recognize his points about all of the awful things that have happened in the name of religion in human history. However, God has truly revealed himself as a God of love and justice (not justice in the sense of revenge but in the sense of living in right relationship with one another) and countless numbers of people of faith have lived according to this message, spreading mercy, charity, and compassion while working for justice.    Frankly, I'm not seeing why so many are finding his book compelling because it trashes religion but offers nothing in return which in my mind is a one-way street to despair.    I guess I had hoped to read something more challenging as opposed to something easily dismissed as axe grinding.     Joe Paprocki  [[ASIN:0829424512 The Catechist's Toolbox: How to Thrive As a Religion Education Teacher]]  [[ASIN:0829420762 Living The Mass: How One Hour A Week Can Change Your Life]]  [[ASIN:082942069X God's Library: A Catholic Introduction to the World's Greatest Book]]
B000MV8AE0|4.0|The writers and producers of this movie worked hard to imbed informative nuances (such as his directing style) into this production.  I loved the music, and enjoyed the portrayals.  The presentation of the actual Ninth Symphony was amazing.  It made me feel the tension within the orchestra like I was holding an Oboe and was waiting to play just the hand full of notes comprising my part.  The opulence of the audience looked appropriate for that Age of Style.  Anna's emotions during her faux-conducting made it look like someone within a labor of love.    The movie material after the Ninth was I presume felt to be necessary but I did not find it pleasing.    Still, as a window into Beethoven, and as a unique view from within the orchestra, this is a good movie.
1878424505|2.0|Although I understand what the author is trying to convey here, he contradicts himself.  He states that we shouldn't take anything that anyone does or says personally, but he later explains how we sometimes attract those people that treat us the way we want to be treated, i.e. someone who sees themselves as a victim will often attract abusive people.  While this is true, how then can we not take what people say and do seriously if we caused the situation in the first place?  This is a well-intentioned but ultimately confusing book; I've read better books of its kind.
006074815X|5.0|I have never read a better book I could not put it down. Ken Follet has a great way of pulling you in.
B000E1ZBGS|3.0|Beautifully shot, this is an enjoyable movie, although true Austen fans may find it outragous sometimes. For instance, the custumes for the Bennetts look very shabby; the interior of the Bennett's house looks like a French country house; the first dance scene (when Darcy shows up) is very country-side like (are these people really gentlemen and ladies, I almost wondered out loud) ......  But overall, I still enjoyed watching it multiple times. You have to remember this is a Hollywood rendition of a much loved story. Don't be offended by its lack of authenticity.
B000N4SHOE|5.0|Miss Potter is an absolutely wonderful movie.  The acting is terrific - especially Renee Zellweger and Emily Watson. The blending of real life and animation adds greatly to the story's appeal.  My husband says it's a \\"chick flick\\" but I really recommend it anyway.  My mom and sister have both bought the DVD also!
B000267JQK|5.0|I think that Dicclaimer II with bonus DVD is awsum with extra songs a concet and video clips its value for money. I thought the original was good this is awsum. Just like to add SEETHER you rule!!!
B0000009SM|5.0|Every lineup FZ hired was par excellence, and this is no exception. What makes this a standout, is it is probably the smoothest-sounding record he ever made, especially under the name of \\"The Mothers.\\" The Mothers' music was often crude, tasteless, even harsh-sounding. And even though the personnel changed constantly, the name \\"Mothers\\" meant usually a raspberry in the direction of every current convention. The divisive humor is still present on \\"One Size...\\" but there is an elegance in this particular record that is rare, even for the Zappa catalogue. \\"Inca Roads,\\" the opener, is a song about unidentified flying objects, and this sets the mood, because most of this music is not of this world. It is a typical project for the bands Zappa has led, a pretty simple vamp with some odd punctuation, a stunning guitar solo, and some incredibly difficult instrumentation for good measure. \\"Can't Afford No Shoes\\" is a straight-foreward rocker, leading into possibly the most elegant melody in Zappa's  body of work, the instrumental \\"Sofa.\\" This number dates back to the \\"Flo & Eddie\\" period, Mark Volman and Howard Kaylan sing in phonetic German, just like on One Size's closer, \\"Sofa #2.\\" \\"Po-Jama People\\" exploits the voice change Zappa experienced after damaging his larynx in his fall from the stage when that psycho attacked him at the Rainbow Theater in 1971. Banged him up pretty good, but his voice went considerably deeper afterwards, and probably sounds better than he would've otherwise. And of course, the lengthy, fuzz-tone guitar solo, obligatory at this point, is the centerpiece of the song. \\"Florentine Pogen\\" is probably the most structurally complex number on this disc. It seems every verse has a different melody and time signature. Most songs have a bridge, but this has several. A difficult number to perform. \\"Evelyn, A Modified Dog\\" is a silly number, Frank singing to George Duke's piano, very similar to \\"Leather's\\" version of \\"A Little Green Rosetta.\\" Conceptual Continuity. All his recordings dovetail, it seems.<br /><br />\\"San Ber'dino,\\" even though it sounds upbeat, is about Zappa's ten days in jail in 1965. He was facing up to twenty years, on a trumped-up obcenity charge, where a vice detective named Willis set him up in a sting operation. They didn't like the fact that he was living in Studio Z with Jim Sherwood, the buxom Lorraine Belcher, and another white woman who had a black baby, who used to play in the dirt outside. The \\"seedy\\" atmosphere of the place, with its psychedelic decorations and freaky people who frequented the place, just didn't jibe with the white-bread \\"Leave It To Beaver\\" community. They hired Studio Z to make a racy tape for a supposed bachelor party, and arrested Zappa and Belcher when the tape was handed over. The judge thought the tape was funny, which angered the prosecution, but he was given two years probation and a suspended sentence. This would explain the overt sexual content in much of his work, rubbing the authority's nose in his right to artistic expression. Imagine how he must have felt at the time: \\"...land of the free? HAH!\\"<br /><br />\\"Andy\\" is up there with \\"Sofa,\\" in its elegance and beauty. The bluesy beginning belies the atmosphere of the rest of it. It has an incredible beauty to it. Of course, this is subjective, someone else may disagree about it's merit, but judge for yourself. I'll leave it at that.<br /><br />And, of course, this all closes with \\"Sofa#2.\\" Originally part of a bigger, more elaborate piece, fragments of which appear in \\"Playground Psychotics\\" and Volume One of the \\"You Can't Do That...\\" series from the Flo & Eddie days, as stated earlier. This is the polished version. Even if you can't understand a word of it, it will speak to you.<br /><br />This is a very elegant, sophisticated piece of music, and the only people I imagine not liking it, would be the ones who catagorically dismiss it, all over the Zappa name. There would be no pleasing them anyway.<br /><br />This is an incredible piece of music.
B00003CX97|5.0|This is what my husband wanted and he loves it. I thought it was a little pricey.
B000RO9PXC|5.0|I was actually at the early show presented on this set and had to buy the CD to relive the memory of the best concert I've ever attended to this day.  I still tell friends about how drunk Jim was and some of the things he said between songs so it's a thrill to now have it all documented. This time capsule is one of the best gifts a record company has ever produced, as far as I'm concerned.
B0002VEPRQ|5.0|Awesome buy it today. You can't go wrong. It is more suited for 8 plus year olds. Enjoy the music is awesome and there is still taught manners and respect which is hard to find these days in children's viedoes.
0393316041|2.0|This book chronicles a few incidents in the peculiar life of Noble award winning physicist Richard Feynman. Feynman was a brilliant scientist and an inspiring teacher who led an eccentric lifestyle. Although most readers have loved this book, I found it to be boring and dull. A few of Feynman's so called adventures were pretty interesting and had a sparkle to them (like how he learned to open safes), but I thought most of his stories were boring, especially his adventures with ladies in bars. I was pretty disappointed with this one.
0440133718|5.0|I am a physician who went through training in internal medicine about the time this was written.  For anyone who has any curiosity about what it's like to be an intern or resident in a teaching hospital, I give them a copy of this book.  I always have a few copies on hand for just that purpose.  This is a wonderful, truthful account.  Oh yes, and never get sick in July because that's when the new trainees start and the old ones move up to their next level of incompetency.
0345448898|5.0|The Golden Compass is an absolutely fantastic book. The second, The Subtle Knife, is equally as exciting, but personally, I feel that the third and final part of this series, The Amber Spyglass, fizzles. That being said, the movie coming out soon will be very interesting! By all means, grab this trilogy and read the whole thing- but be wary. The author has some obviously negative views about Christianity/Catholicism. I was able to roll my eyes at Mr. Pullman's immature jabs at my faith, but some younger kids may be bothered by it. Once you take this book firmly as a work of fantastic fiction, it is wonderful. But, I urge you, as this film is coming on the heels of another beloved book-turned-horrible movie- READ THE BOOK FIRST! And hope that the film does it justice!!
B00000K3D4|5.0|David Bowie is great.  This has been a favorite movie of mine for 16 years.
B00008J4P5|5.0|I love white strippes for it different sound and how strange they are. ex husband and wife become brother and sister. hmmmmmmmmmm weirdo, but they artiest.
0316067598|5.0|This book tells a breathtakingly heroic story.  You will be amazed at the dedication of our special operations warriors.  I was nearly brought to tears when I read about the tragic incident upon which this book is based.  Thankfully, one of the members of the SEAL reconnaissance team survived to tell what really happened.  If you are looking for realism amidst all the fictionalization of the world of special operations and the SEAL Teams, you came to the right place with this book.  Part of the realism is the way Marcus Luttrell tells his story.  It's rough, raw and reads exactly how a SEAL would describe the events of the operation.  If there is a patriotic bone in your body at all, you will leave this story proud of those men who serve in our special operations community.  Thank you to Marcus Luttrell for writing this book and honoring those who gave their lives in this operation against the Taliban.
0345494768|5.0|I'm with the consensus.  I read this book over two weeks and just finished it yesterday.  The layout takes you into fascinating sub articles as breaks in the narrative.  Some paragraphs made me laugh because they described in ridiculous detail who knew whom, who then knew whom, who then got so-and-so to work at ILM.<br /><br />The book's greatest strength is its documentary style.  It's a time capsule.  We've seen hundreds of interviews and essays about Lucas's trials to get the film made, but they're told in retrospect.  In them, myths become legends, and memories become hazy.  This is the definitive report, unpolluted by what Star Wars transformed into.<br /><br />I watched Empire of Dreams again last night, also a great documentary.  It felt glossy compared to the grit of this book.  The book transported me back in time, and I could feel the emotional impact of every misstep and every decision by Fox.  I could feel it because it's narrated unemotionally.  It's told by voices from the past as they were living it, like a good documentary should tell it.<br /><br />The language isn't watered down, either.  Film students and makers will love this book for its descriptions of processes, logistics, agreements, and drafts.<br /><br />Buy it.
B00026WU82|5.0|This is Dylan's best album. \\"Like a Rolling Stone\\" is the most celebrated single here, for good reason, but similarly arranged, lyrically sweeping stream-of-consciousness songs such as \\"Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues,\\" \\"Ballad of a Thin Man,\\" could have become the defining single of its era had it been released in place of \\"Like a Rolling Stone.\\" The album also includes ragged blues rock such as \\"Highway 61 Revisted,\\" \\"From a Buick Six,\\" and \\"Tombstone Blues\\" - all driven by Mike Bloomfield's searing guitar work (Bloomfield was probably the most gifted rock guitarist of the pre-Hendrix era). Slower numbers like \\"Queen Jane Approximately,\\" with its cascading keyboard flourishes, and \\"Desolation Row\\" the epic-length closer, round out the album.
1932100385|5.0|This book is an excellent review of research on disease and nutrition.  It also reveals how the \\"game\\" of research is played for the good of industry.
B000002UAU|5.0|Is this the greatest album ever? It probably is in terms of influence, from packaging and marketing, to the very notion that a rock or pop music album really matters. In terms of its musical merit, one can easily make the case that Pepper has been overhyped - and its shortcomings are all the more glaring in light of the album's cannonical status in modern culture. This record has suffered from its own success - and after forty years - its conceivable that it now represents something of a let-down. After all, no recording could possibly meet the expectations that this album carries.   This album should be approached for what it is, a very solid album by a talented musical group (that only happens to be my favorite band - and maybe the favored band of quite a few others). The strongest points of the album are its opening tracks and closing tracks - which form a medley of sorts and further the illusion of conceptual unity. Many (Lennon included) have derided the idea that this album is truly a concept album - and it certainly is not one in the sense that the Who's \\"Tommy\\" or Pink Floyd's \\"The Wall\\" are. The concept is more fundamental - that this disc contains a set of pop/rock songs that have been thoughtfully arranged together for all time - and not packaged at random to meet immediate market demand. In a way, with Napster and I-Tunes, the great age of the album that began with Sgt. Pepper, \\"Pet Sounds,\\" and other 1966/1967 releases has come to an end in this decade, and this has made it it even more difficult to grasp what the fuss was truly all about. But if one wished to make a short Beatles playlist on their I-pod that captured the overall personality of the group, as well as having a representative effort for each of its four members, and a good mix of rock, pop, and experimental numbers - Sgt. Pepper would be an ideal playlist.
0790734850|5.0|One of the most hard-hitting, compulsively watchable movies of the '90s is this complex story of crime and police corruption amid lavish life-styles in and around the Hollywood of the 1950s. Never read the James Ellroy novel but I understand it's even more complex and contains even more sub-plots than the film--so you have to admire the screenplay that manages to dovetail all the main details together in a way that leads to a smashing climax.<br /><br />Russell Crowe and Kevin Spacey do standout jobs in the leads--and Guy Pearce is riveting as the intensely ambitious man who eventually joins forces with Crowe to solve the crime. James Cromwell is chilling as the Chief of Detectives, as is Danny DeVito as a tabloid journalist.<br /><br />Kim Basinger is good as the Veronica Lake look-alike--but did she really deserve an Oscar for this? This kind of hard-hitting shoot-em-up melodrama is a throwback to the Cagney and Robinson crime epics of the '30s--but the gore is more graphic and the sadism more intense. Not one for the kiddies--but mature audiences should find this a knockout.<br /><br />And yes, nice use of old pop hits--but \\"Accentuate the Positive\\" belongs to the early 1940s, as does Veronica Lake's peek-a-boo hairdo. The story is set in the early '50s, but by 1952 that Johnny Mercer hit was ancient history and Lake was no longer using that style.<br /><br />And one more minor quibble: the Lana Turner look-alike did not in any way resemble the real LT. I'm sure all of Lana's fans would agree on that one! Lana had a much classier look and finer features.
B000O1799U|1.0|I was really, really disappointed by this film, especially after all the reviews pegging it as a harginger of the rebirth of the musical movie genre... There are some good performances, most notably Jennifer Hudson (omigod she's so cute!) and Eddie Murphy (wow, I'm impressed) but the script and the libretto are disjointed and artlessly blunt.  The earlier musical numbers suffer from the adaptation to screen, with too many montage sequences and not enough full performances.  The musical numbers in the second half of the film get better treatment, but by then it's hard to care.  Stylistically, the music is packed with anachronisms (particularly in the early, R&B years) and the plot just jumps around, counting on viewers to either play catch-up or ignore the fact that the entire film is dramatically flat and is a stitched-together patchwork of poorly scripted, poorly directed scenes... Indeed, the whole production seems to rely on the good will of the audience, but having given that good will for the full two hours, I feel entitled to point out that the emperor ain't got no clothes.  Didn't do much for me, but I'm kinda picky.  (Axton)
0525457585|5.0|this is one of the most beautiful books i have ever read. i come back to it because i feel that there is a very important message in it.<br /><br />in buddhism there is a profound experience called anatta, also known as no self or the unborn. this experience where you no longer have an 'I' is an experience of pristine emptiness. a bit like the emptiness of pure water... you can see and feel it within you... well my emptiness was attacked by this grey meaningless 'nothingness' and i found that i had to create a new 'i' for myself.  otherwise, i think i would have been lost totally in limbo.<br /><br />since this experience, i have come even more to see this story as true and a real magical interface with our aspect of reality. nothingness is real and it is attacking our world. just look at the grey concrete tower blocks, the grey streets in some of our cities. the unemotional coldness and indifference so many people feel nowadays.<br /><br />this man did not write this story, it birthed itself. michael ende merely held the pen and bastian bulthazzar bux leaped through a magical doorway into our world.<br /><br />so watch out for the nothingness, the grey wolves are on the prowl...<br /><br />love snow-flake xxx
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt. Pepper deserves to be considered one of the greatest achievements in popular music.  This issue is good quality and includes a nice booklet that explains the album - including a diagram of who's who on the cover picture.
1400064287|5.0|I have a ton of business-related books on my shelf (and have read most of them).  This is absolutely one of the best ever!  I read it in about 1 day and have all sorts of notes from it.  Good ideas, simple to understand, and very impactful.
B000002UB3|4.0|One of the greatest Beatles albums.  This issue comes in a single crystal case with just an insert with the cover picture and song titles - no booklet of info on the album.  Such an important album deserves an information booklet.  One star subtracted for that.
B000K7VHQE|5.0|I just watched this for the second time last night and enjoyed it as much as when I saw it in the theaters.  \\"LMS\\" is indeed a very quirky comedy about a dysfunctional family and their 800 mile trip in a VW bus for Olive to compete in the finals of the Little Miss Sunshine pageant.  Everyone gives absolutely wonderful performances.  Greg Kinnear is especially pitch perfect as the \\"Tony Robbins-esque\\" motivational speaking Dad trying to land a big deal.  Abigail Breslin is absolutely amazing as the little girl eager to participate in the pageant, having been \\"coached\\" by her grandfather, Alan Arkin, for her performance in the competition.<br /><br />There are both laugh out loud moments, funny awkward family moments that anyone with some dysfunctional family or family members can relate to and some more subtly funny commentaries on people and society as a whole.  The final 20 minutes of the movie was perfectly written/directed.  From the 7 year olds being done up to look like frightening caricatures of 40 year olds and the overtly sexual performances allowed by parents vicariosly living through their children -- to the disgust of the clueless pageant organizer at Olive's perfomance to \\"Superfreak\\" -- an innocent 7 year just having fun -- this movie is irresistible.
0786838655|3.0|Now that Harry Potter is finished, people will be wading through the glut of young adult fantasy fiction to find the next pot of gold. The first book in Rick Riorden's Percy and the Olympians series won't replace the boy wizard, but is a clever addition to an ever expanding genre. Young Percy Jackson finds out he is the child of a mortal and an Olympic God after nearly losing his life in one breathtaking attempt after another. The fun part here is how the author represents the monsters and myths that so many people are familiar with from the ancient Greek myths. The shortcomings of the book are a general surface tone to the book that never delves deep into Percy's emotions,especially at the loss of someone close to him, and a constant foreshadowing of impending doom that for older readers spoils any surprises that might await our hero. Still for the younger reader a fun adventure series begins that has a clever hook to draw you in.
0060578793|5.0|I own this manual, an Airforce manual from Vietnam era,given to me by a relative who was a Escape and Invasion instructor for the Airforce and actually gained weight when he attended survival school. I also own the Army Survival manual, this manual is by far the most comprehensive and most informative, if I had to own just one manual or one military guide book this would be it. If your looking for all around, all information in one book, this is it. If you enjoy reading the same information over and over go ahead and buy the others, but this gives you all that info and then some.
B000BCE918|4.0|The first film here is the real wonder of the trilogy. Up to 1993 we simply hadn't seen anything special effects like those before, mix that with Spielberg's hability for suspense and you have yourself a classic. To me Jurassic Park has aged pretty well even though we've seen so many CGI movies since it first came out, perhaps many more than we would have wanted to.  \\"Lost World\\" is a mixed bag, most of the excesive human characters range from mediocre (the leads) to plain indifferent (the villains) and they really kill the film despite (again) great and improved special effects. I absolutely hated the \\"rich people are all bad \\" and \\"child in jeopardy\\" routines and found the gymanstics vs. raptors scene the worst thing Spielberg has done/will ever do in his life. Also, after a while of the raptors missing the heros you start to doubt if they're really motivated on getting them or keep on \\"just missing\\" them. Ad a first half hour when absolutely nothing relevant occurs and you get the idea what kind of sequel this is. Perhaps the problem is what Spielberg claims in the \\"making of\\" regarding the movie being born out of \\"popular demand\\", in other words, simply money.  I liked the third movie a lot more than I expected even though the raptors keep on miraculosly missing the leads. At the end of the movie you come to realize Sam Neil is a lot more capable on carrying this kind of movie by himself than Jeff Goldblum  I recently read they'r gearing up for Jurassic Park IV for 2008, personally after this trilogy and the new King Kong I feel I've had plenty of dinasours for a lifetime.
B000002I4W|5.0|I wonder if Ornette knew that his title was true, that this album really did change a lot in jazz. This is arguably the first free jazz album, and it contains three of Ornette's very best songs. First off is Lonely Woman, a slow, tender song that's arguably his signature tune; then there's the lengthy Peace, which is a superb tune highlighted by Coleman's sax and Don Cherry's trumpet. Finally, Focus on Sanity is a beautiful piece of chaos that gives us a sneak preview of what Free Jazz: A Collective Improvization would be like. Those three songs are all, in my mind, jazz classics. Plus I really like Ornette's sax tone, on a plastic alto to make it REALLY unique. There are three other songs here, and they're all pretty good too: my favorite out of them is Eventually, which again has great playing from everyone. Chronology is a bit of a stereotypical Coleman song, it says nothing that this album doesn't say any better, but it's all right.<br />The interesting thing about this album, other than the fact that the songs are so GOOD, is that it abandons traditional harmonic structure: no piano, for instance, which was downright revolutionary for the time. Not even John Coltrane, my favorite free jazz artist, dropped the piano. This isn't my favorite Ornette album (that's Free Jazz), but I really like it just the same. It's an essential jazz classic. Even Rolling Stone admits it in their woefully incomplete \\"500 greatest albums\\" book. Highly recommended.
B000E8NQUE|5.0|One of the first Moody blues albums I bought back in the vinyl days. Then the CD version & finally I bought the SACD version. If you don't have a SACD player that is a bummer but the bonus tracks are worth their weight in gold. I highly recommend the album & the rest of the classic 7 Moodies albums as well. Search \\"Judemac Forever\\" on msn, yahoo or google.
B000P5K6BS|3.0|I got this version \\"Beyonce B'Day Deluxe Edition\\" as an IMPORT because I was trying to get what had been mentioned in another review -- the explanation for foreign audiences, in particular Japan, of many of the lyrics. But not even the lyrics are included in this version, and it was so hastily thrown together that the audio CD keeps falling out of the case because the teeth gripping it are so shoddy. The DVD is within the flip casing and so doesn't have that problem. I am very glad to get the videos -- they are fantastic. BUT the sound on the CD is awful!!!  It's thin and not nearly the acoustic experience of the original B'Day CD. So, if you really want the music, especially for IRREPLACEABLE say, then get the original CD and have the great sound and the lyrics. Additional songs on this one are not worth it.
B000QUCNOU|4.0|The Zodiac killings are a risk to film because we never really find out the identity of the killer.  This well-done version gives us a strong possibility even though there is no closure.<br />Director David Fincher leads a very good cast through a two and a half hour movie that ultimately results in a strong character study focusing on obsession and opportunism.  Mark Ruffalo, Jake Gylenhaal and Robert Downey stand out in the stellar cast with good support from Anthony Andrews, John Carroll Lynch, Chloe Sevigny and Dermot Mulroney.  It takes a lot of patience to stick with its pacing, but actually the pacing helps build the terror and paranoia that accompanied the Zodiac's heinous crimes.
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|The video is excellent and is identical for both High definition formats. I gave the HD DVD 5 stars because of all the extras that the HD DVD has. I have both High definition versions and both are great. But the HD DVD version is better because of the extra content.
B000FBGBPC|5.0|Well they have been around a while but they are new enough, who could not like this nice mix of musical tastes?  It's all over, Never too late, and Riot are my favorites but I like them all.  I wish I would have heard of this band sooner but now that I have I am really going to be listening to their other releases.  This is good rock that does not assault the senses or hurt your ears.  I hope this band stays together for a long time they seem to be different than a lot of the bands out there today, just kind of doing their own thing and not trying to sound like the band next door.
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|The video is excellent and is identical for both High definition formats. I gave the BD 4 stars because it doesn't have all the extras that the HD DVD has. I would have given it 4.5 stars if they had half stars. I have both High definition versions and both are great. But the HD DVD version is better because of the extra content.
B00082ZS5W|5.0|If you've read the other reviews, you might recognize the title I chose. \\"It'll blow you away.\\" I stole that from Jonathan Koe's review. Thanks, J.K., please don't sue me...my net worth is about $1.98, and that's only on payday. Also, this DVD is in widescreen (1.78:1, I believe), rather than the 1.33:1 (full screen mode) that this site says it's in. There are no Dvd extras, but you do get a song selection list that lets you jump to any of the 17 songs, instantly.    I listened to this Dvd in Dolby 2.0 channel stereo and it sounded amazing through my 4 speakers. It's also in Dolby 5.1 and DTS 5.1 Stereo Surround (which you can select with your Dvd remote).    I enjoyed the brief but clever opening, featuring lighted cars whizzing along night roads, a sunset, and the path taken through part of the Brixton Academy (London) where this was filmed. I also liked Dido's comments about the origins of some of her songs, which she talks about just before she sings them in the concert.      Although, what's very odd, is that the first time I watched this concert, for the first 47 minutes or so, I was NOT blown away at all. In fact, I was quite annoyed. First of all, I wanted to see Dido! Not a Dido bathed in white light, than blue, green, pink, purple, turquoise...I think I imagined some of the colors, but when the stage turned red and two beams of red light from above the stage, focused on Dido, while she sang the words, \\"Take Me Home\\", during the opening song, \\"Stoned\\"; I was positive aliens were about to beam her to their mother ship. Luckily, this didn't happen, but I was still a bit shaken and was pretty sure I was only going to give this DVD 3 stars.     You could call this concert, \\"Dido's Electric Light Orchestra Extravaganza.\\" It all looked cool enough and was very stylish and clever, but I was waiting for the light show to end, so I could concentrate on the hottie on the stage, rather than all the hot lights.     Secondly, I kept trying to figure out if Dido had a cold or not? One reviewer was so sure she had one, that for the one brief second I thought she sounded a bit congested, I thought she actually might start sneezing.     However, I finally realized that even if she had a cold, I wasn't going to be able to notice, so I just sat patiently, listening to her wonderful, yet perhaps, slightly sick voice (just kidding), as she sang  her heart out. I've seen her on tv and listened to enough of her songs to know that she could sing beautifully, so I still wasn't blown away.     It was all just too much for my little brain to grasp. It was way over my head and too advanced a show for me to fully appreciate upon first viewing. I was expecting something like a \\"Natasha Beddingfield: Live in N.Y. City\\" concert, mixed with some of the \\"Jewel: Live at Humphrey's by the Bay\\" concert.    Instead, what I got, was a brilliantly and cleverly filmed light show, that happened to feature a wonderful singer named Dido, and superbly talented musicians, using a wide variety of instruments and strange objects (some most likely never used in a concert before, or certainly not that often), to entertain and dazzle the audience. I thought the glow-in-the-dark, green drumsticks, were a nice touch, but would someone please tell the bass guitar player to never wear a Detroit Piston basketball jersey while on stage. He looked so out of place.    It wasn't until chapter 10 (about 48 minutes into this 90 minute concert) that I got something I was expecting and waiting for. Dido playing her guitar, while singing \\"Mary's in India\\". No flashy light show, just a girl and her guitar. That was the Jewel part of the show, and a few more like it, were to come later on.     After that, I was hooked. I went back and watched some of the previous songs again (\\"See You When Your 40\\" {my 4th favorite}, \\"Isobel\\" {3rd favorite}, etc.), and enjoyed them much more. At that moment, I realized that this was a four star Dvd, at least. I then watched \\"Mary's in India\\" (my 5thfavorite) once more, then a nice rendition of \\"Take my Hand\\" followed it, as well as an infectious version of \\"Thank You\\" (my 2nd favorite performance on this Dvd). Three more songs were sung, and then came \\"All I Want\\"(my favorite performance) and \\"See the Sun\\", to end the concert. Dido shouts, \\"Thank you London\\", and leaves the stage.    No Dido, Thank you!    Throughout the entire concert, the marvellous lighting crew, added so much to virtually every song, but I guess I was just too distracted and overwhelmed by it all at first, to really appreciate what they were doing. I couldn't connect with Dido, because it was hard to see her. Even when she started introducing her songs, she still seemed like a stranger to me. Had they started with \\"Mary's in India\\", or any song that didn't constantly feature blue or white light always on her face, I would have had a much easier time enjoying everything, right away.     I now enjoy every performance, because the second half of the concert made it easier for me to connect with Dido. For example, the last two songs of the concert, \\"All You Want\\" and \\"See the Sun\\", still had plenty of lighting effects, but they were not overwhelming, unlike the ones during \\"Stoned\\" (it does look cool though, and I now like it). The vocal performances and varied camera angles for the last two songs are good enough on their own, but when the beautiful pink stage lights slowly turn on, during \\"All I Want\\", I can't help but say, \\"Wow\\", each and every time I watch it. The green lighting that later bathes the stage during that song, also looks amazing! As well, the golden lighting for \\"See the Sun\\", is also brilliantly timed and presented in several different ways (such as the perfectly timed golden light flashes, appearing each of the two times Dido strums her guitar, during a close-up).     So, special thanks to the Lighting Crew Chief: Andrew Beller, and the Lighting crew: Edward Jackson and Robert Gawler. Also, to Andi Watson, for his set and lighting design. Sorry I didn't get what you were doing the first time around, but now I know better. Pure genius! Repeat viewing is a must to fully appreciate everything that's packed into this concert! 5 stars!    You were right J.K., I was blown away, after all. Thanks.
B000002KO3|5.0|Beginning with the intricate funk of \\"Born Under Punches (The Heat Goes On)\\", this is the cream of Talking Heads' crop. Brian Eno produced their amazing second album \\"More Songs About Buildings and Food\\" and the great if somewhat uneven \\"Fear of Music\\" but on this disc his presence is much more fully felt as the entire album was also co-written by him. There are a few more awesome funk numbers such as \\"Crosseyed and Painless\\" (dig that Byrne rap near the end), \\"The Great Curve\\", the radio hit \\"Once in a Lifetime\\" which has had an incredibly long life as you still hear it in films and TV shows now and then, and \\"Houses in Motion\\" which features an excellent trumpet solo by Eno collaborator Jon Hassell. \\"Seen and Not Seen\\" and \\"Listening Wind\\" both follow the polyrhythmic template of the rest of the disc but are more subtle than the previous tracks. The CD concludes with a song that is very different from the rest of the album but fits right in anyway- the minimal, atmospheric and very Enoesque \\"The Overload\\".<br /><br />It's a shame that aside from David Byrne, the rest of the band was not exactly thrilled to have Eno involved in the album to the extent he was but David was clearly inspired by their partnership, going on to collaborate with B.E. on the wonderful \\"My Life in the Bush of Ghosts\\" which has influenced me enormously as a songwriter. If blue-eyed funk is your thing, check this old classic out now!
0618680004|3.0|Christians should read this book. On the grounds that it gives them a reasonable perspective on 21st century atheistic thought. But the truth is, while Christian writing has somewhat declined over the past 30 years, it looks like the same has happened over the fence. Fortunately, Dawkins does recover a bit in the second half. For example, he quotes that freedom penning, Jefferson at length to start with. I'm thinking, bad case study to pick. But later he does mention fleetingly the fact Jefferson used to write as he looked out the windows over his 300 strong slave population..     Even this recovery is random  however. He attempts to deal with the question raised by Christians on atheistic human carnage, namely that Hitler and Stalin caused more deaths than any religious war ever. His method is tired scorn, the weariness of always facing this question as if it had never been asked before. Why doesn't Dawkins mention Maos slaughter of 30 million during the 1960s Cultural revolution, or Pol Pots genocidal efforts in Cambodia. After all, both were movements inspired by atheistic zeal to create a new society. Surely a writer of his mettle has a ready answer.    Then it gets confusing about Intelligent Design, whose main argument is based on chance theory. I am neither a follower, nor a mathematical genius, but I can appreciate the ID claim that anything beyond 150 decimal points falls outside chance. Such low odds surely hint at a hidden hand somewhere. Dawkins answer, and remember his book is written for laymen, is that there are so many billions and billions of stars and planets, that it is entirely logical that everything came together at least once. In other words forget the 150 decimal points, blow that wind over the junkyard billions of times over billions of years, and one big blow will assemble that 747 `by chance'.    He is a child of his generation just like the Christians he abhors. Camus and Sartre were too of course, so didn't need to raise the awe of the universe angle. That pair could adhere to Sartres consistency that Atheism is a hard cold path which they saw through to the end.     It finally occurred to me, when Dawkins himself alluded to it, that proof seeking Christians use the same intellectual collateral as he does. They employ the Anthropic principle as evidence of the deity, whereas Dawkins uses it to disprove his existence. This is the final irony, worse than  two men blindly feeling their way over the elephant, eschewing the same data to buttress opposing viewpoints.     Personally I like the concept of a God who hides himself. The Wisdom books warn us repeatedly this is his Nature, and all the scientific endeavour of civilization, both for and against God, has yet to conclusively prove either his being or absence, Mr Dawkins cant stand the word faith, linking it with children. He's on common ground again, faith is childlike.
B00006L9ZT|5.0|As a veteran of 25+ live \\"Ring\\" cycles, this Met production remains my favorite. Reviewers giving this production 3 stars have evidently not suffered through such \\"Ring\\" abominations as those recently done in Vienna and Stuttgart, or the godawful Kirov \\"Ring\\" at the Met this summer.  Siegfried Jerusalem is a fantastic Siegfried, warm, likeable(which is difficult), nuanced, I could go on and on. It is hard to describe how many trainwreck \\"Siegfried\\"s I have seen, this one is pretty near perfect.  Any live production of \\"The Ring\\" is never going to be exactly what you have in mind. Actually, James Levine's conducting and innate understanding of \\"The Ring\\" IS what I have in mind...this is the best DVD of \\"The Ring\\" available.
0316018953|4.0|Smooth and professionally done. A page turner that doesn't insult. It's good to be in the hands of one of the best.
0060977493|5.0|It's like reading beautifully dense poetry.  It's a challenge at first that pays off in linguistics and intensity.  It's incredible!  Definitely recommend.
B000MZHW4A|5.0|A lot of people have reviewed this movie before me. I hope someone else also talked about the DVD extra where the director Zwick talked about his attempt to portray the civil war in Sierra Leone.<br /><br />Zwick does go on and on in great detail, through practically every scene of the movie, talking about both the historical context and the 'art' of cinematography.<br /><br />Not surprisingly, the movie intends to convey the unsubtle message of 'war is hell.' Nevertheless, the extra gave excellent background to di Caprio's accent and some asides that were very interesting but were not explored in the movie itself, such as why the Danny character lapsed into a kind of pidgen when talking with a tribal chief. At one point, The character Danny greets a male acquaintance with \\"How are you, China?\\" That character's name was not \\"China.\\" My Australian husband explained that was Cockney rhyming slang for \\"china plate\\" rhyming with 'mate.' It is these extra touches that give depth, making this movie more than 'just' an action movie.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|i don't care what anyone says, this girl can sing!!! Her vocal range on this CD is amazing, gritty,very nice to rock to. I think this is her best CD- it's her all the way through. The slow build-ups through some of the songs just make the energy she sings with even better. it's been in my CD player since it came out, I still listen to it every day. GREAT JOB KELLY!!!
B000MR9D5E|5.0|There isn't a rating high enough to do justice to Planet Earth! I believe it's in a class by itself. The price was fair, and shipment prompt. But, most of all, the product was truly magnificent!    Evan Graham  Kansas City, Missouri
B00000ADG2|5.0|There are very few artists today who can educate with their lyrics. Lauren Hill was able to speak to many differnt genres. She gave a me a sense of self worth that I didn't learn at home. The children of today need a \\"Miss Hill\\" to help educate them where parents and school fail. Your music is missed Miss Hill!
B000P2A256|3.0|Obviously... this album would have to be one of the best in history to live up to Songs About Jane.  I'm not sure what kind of magic they had in helping with that album, but everyone I know and from all the reviews I've seen agree with me, it's one of the best-ever.  I was very anxious for this one to come out (it took forever!) and was a tiny bit disappointed.  I guess their first album had a way of making even the sad songs a little more upbeat... this one does not.    However, I cannot stop listening to 'Goodnight Goodnight' and 'Nothing Lasts Forever'- which is the best song on the album lyrically in my opinion..    I just hope it doesn't take as long for the next one to come out.....!
B00005JPLW|2.0|...of your money!<br /><br />Warner Bros should be ashamed of putting out such a bare bones \\"special edition\\" and spreading it out over 2 discs (they easily could have fit these tiny \\"making of\\" episodes onto one disc.<br /><br />The commentary track is full of silence and the \\"making of\\" and \\"webisodes\\" are a few minutes a piece and do not go in depth nor do they go deep into the technical aspects of how they made 300. (One of the most interesting scenes with the Oracle isn't even covered in the making of and is barely mentioned in the commentary.<br /><br />300 is a fantastic movie but it is a shame that a better special edition couldn't have been made.
0385338902|5.0|I've read all four of Jonathan Tropper's books and this one is probably my favorite, at least right up there with The Book of Joe. It's definitely the most consistent, and you can see his growth as a writer if you've been following him from Plan B.    I wouldn't have thought that a widower would be that great of a topic, but Tropper creates such a crazy bunch of characters that the story unfolds and you're laughing in spots and almost crying in others. Russ was hilarious. He's kind of like the best supporting actor who steals every scene. And while Doug wallows throughout pretty much the whole book, it never gets to the point where you're like, \\"enough already, dude.\\"    If you've liked Tropper's other books, you have to get this one. And if you haven't read him yet, this one's a great one to start on.
B00007FOMP|2.0|This is supposed to be a 'classic' album, but I must admit to some disappointment. I am a great fan of Marvin, but not really this time.
B000935TV8|5.0|I am not sure if Minkowski put more his strong personality on it, it sounds with colorful voice around and looks so individually.  However, it doesn't mean I don't like it. By contraries, it's so beautiful for me to forget any doubt its original. I must pick up to describe, the *Les Borades (Abaris), tragdie en musique*, its tempo is slower than other version, but so romantic to attract me to listen again and again. Besides, Minkowski shows strong rhythm expression, to listeners enjoy a good experience of Rameau. I put it into the one of my best collection.
B00003CX9E|5.0|Some reviewers have commented on the \\"snobbery\\" of some reviewers when reviewing Citizen Kane. I sympathize. But it seems to me that those who take any knock against this film so personally do so for very valid reasons. I knew plenty of what are considered the \\"finest\\" films before I watched Citizen Kane, and even enjoyed some of them. However, I perhaps knew very little of film craft and technique, lighting, composition, etc. before I finally sat down and watched Kane.    Like many have said before me (Ebert and and a whole posse of film critics online, CHUD for instance), it was Citizen Kane that made me a - I cringe while stating this! - \\"film buff.\\" I assume the feeling is likewise with many of the reviewers here. Quite simply, so many movies by so many directors/cinematographers/actors would have passed by me along with their emotional resonance, if it wasn't for Citizen Kane.    It's true; you can enjoy Citizen Kane without trying to notice the innovations that Welles unleashes. It is a brilliantly entertaining story and still one of the best examples of non-linear storytelling (is that too snobby?). But the beauty here is in the details and the way Welles actually _makes_ that emotional resonance happen.    The reason so many people get so personal about this movie is because Citizen Kane is a cinematic gateway drug of sorts. I watched Citizen Kane, and I got it, and from there on in, I found it increasingly harder to be sated by the severely below-average movies that are being pushed on audiences now. I jumped to the Kubricks, the Bergmans, the Renoirs, the Langs, the Quays(s?), the Fellinis, the Melvilles, the Kurosawas, and blah blah blah. Most importantly, _I got it_, and it's because of Citizen Kane.    I don't think that the average filmgoer has to know the ins and outs of editing and direction and cinematography in order to enjoy some of the movies that are considered the \\"finest\\" ever made. But it certainly helps, and it more than pays for the effort.It makes you a much more attentive filmgoer, at the very least. It was when I first watched Kane that I asked myself questions like, \\"How in the world did the camera move through that table? Has lil' Kane been in the window frame this entire time? Oh my god, has that lit window been in the same place the entire time (even its reflection, no less!)? Where the hell are the boom mics? Why is there a gigantic portrait of Kane in every other conversational scene? Have I ever seen a deep focus shot before?\\"    There is a reason Kane is still atop the AFI's 100 Best list. It is a 5-star movie, through and through. And if you have any idea about the amount of #*$& that Welles went through in his life just to finish his movies (if he even managed that), you'll know that he deserves that top spot more than anybody else. I think that there are better movies out there at this point, I think that Welles himself even did better movies than Kane, but Kane is still one of the best. It is a marvel that this movie still has the power to turn an inattentive college student into a perfectly attentive filmgoer. And hell, I still like Michael Bay's \\"The Rock\\"...    This movie deserves 5 Stars, nothing less.
B000O178BY|2.0|THIS IS HORRIBLE!   Remain calm please. I've been a big NIN fan from way back.  This album just proves to me that Trent has lost his spark. Yes, I love a concept album as much as the next guy. But what do you do when every album you release has pretty much THE SAME CONCEPT EVERY TIME!  We all deal with the same fears and concerns that mr. reznor brings up every album. Yes we all feel alienated often, we all feel depressed often, we feel angry often. Is he breaking any new ground lyrically? NO! Has he broken any new ground since The Fragile? NO! I think he has regressed. I believe \\"With teeth\\" was a ghastly album. I believe this album is very much a BORING album.   When trent released the song \\"The perfect drug\\" I was under the impression that the sky was the limit! I was SO excited about hearing the journey I thought he was going to undertake. On a technical note Trent was a master of innovation in the mid 90's with his GROUNDBREAKING work with the Pro Tools recording system. Some of the layering and effects on \\"The Fragile\\" are mind blowing. That's all gone now. \\"Year zero\\" is FLAT! Trents so called angst and aggression almost sounds like satire now. Perhaps I'm jaded, but when I listen to his earlier works especially \\"The fragile\\" it seems very intense, and urgent, and REAL!  Maybe he realised the limitations of the sound he had a hand in creating. Maybe he just feels that it's asking too much to push the boundaries these days. This is a similar feeling to how I'm feeling about the new Smashing Pumpkins album. Not moved, not excited, not challenged. Nice cover artwork though. That's where my two stars are going.
0553213105|5.0|I've been a fan of Miss Austen from day one; and I firmly believe that she has a bright future ahead of her as a novelist.<br /><br />Don't buy all the \\"critics\\" commentary and praise regarding \\"Persuasion\\" and some of her other works as being superior to P&P. That's pure contrary-ism at its worst.<br /><br />If you only read two of her books, then read this one twice. And then resolve to read more than two and check out her other novels, because they are great as well.<br /><br />The A&E miniseries for P&P is outstanding and comes highly recommended.<br /><br />No, I don't own stock in A&E; but I am over the age of 13... in a few weeks.
B000OQF6N6|2.0|Woah. When I heard Corgan was bringing the pumpkins name back from the dead for another album I was quite worried. The worry proved correct. Where the hell have the classic melodies gone? Remember the chorus to \\"Cherub Rock\\"? Remember the riff from \\"Zero\\"?  I listened to this with no cynicism, I gave it a good shot. I've had it for at least a month now. I think it's a huge dissapointment. There's SO much more to Billy than what is presented on this album. I rank Siamese Dream in my top albums of all time list. That album meant so much to me when it was released and still does. This album doesn't make me feel much at all.  It's more a sad feeling than annoyance. I understand how hard it has probably been for Billy to try and sort this all out.  I give Jimmy one star for his drumming which is and will ALWAYS be sensational no matter what he is playing along with. I give Billy one star for the amount of emotional effort that has probably been invested in the last couple years of getting this back together. I don't really like any of the tracks. None of them move me at all.  I really believe that Billy should have shut the Pumpkins down after Mellon Collie. It would have been hard for us fans but he would have cemented himself in history as someone who never compromised.  This may sound very VERY lame but ever since he shaved his head, things have been very different :P
B000K15VSA|5.0|Surprisingly, some think this masterpiece is boring and overrated. I'm not one of them. Blade Runner is futuristic film noir. It's like The Big Sleep on speed. Ford is a Philip Marlowe type. If you don't have a strong film background, you may not apprieciate the nuances of the production. It is slow paced, and I welcome this more each year. Every action film released today is wall-to-wall action, with little real character development. Seeing a film like this today is a breath of fresh air. Another plus is the production design, which created a lived-in look to the city. Before this film every sci-fi flick was bright. This film presented an atmosphere of societal's downfall. And the point to the film is that everyone acts like a robot, whether they actually are one or not. Decker probably has the most feelings of anyone, and he is an andoid! Hauer's character's speech at his time of death reinforces the argument that these robots have feelings. He regrets that all his memories will be lost after he dies. Finally, in our world of 2007, where everyone seems to live in his or her own world, with their cell phones and blackberries and Type A personalities, running around for no apparent reason, Scott's prediction of the future seems to have come true.
0823003035|4.0|I got this book for my life drawing class and I really like this book. It does not teach anatomy or proportion. It shows the classical way of doing figure drawing and how to do finish rendering. It's more traditional approach and really helpful. I have learned a lot from it.
0743454537|3.0|I'm not a Jodi Picoult fan - I've read a handful of her books and I generally find the characters and dialogue seem flat and unrealistic. I am also wary of an author who tries to tackel a \\"difficult issue\\" with every bestselling novel, and I read with the expectation of emotional manipulation. My Sister's Keeper is interesting enough that I could read from beginning to end (and the end felt like an unexpected, and unnecessary, shock), and it made me think, as I suppose I was supposed to. It's a good airplane book, but that's about it.
B000OCXMAE|5.0|I understand why die hard Linkin Park fans are flipping out this is a much softer album then they are used to.  I think bands should change things up a bit and show their musical range and thats exactly what they did with this album.  This was a great album from top to bottom.
0751532711|4.0|It's a best-seller because it has a compelling hook and gives practical advice on a subject everyone wants to know about--how to get ahead. It's timely because a majority of people don't know how to sacrifice now to set aside money for investment. As long as people run the rat race (seeking acquisition and status symbols), they will always be poor, no matter how many things they borrow on interest.<br /><br />All the trappings are worthless without income streams. And although Kiyosaki addresses this, a good analysis on how to be wealthy is [[ASIN:0671015206 The Millionaire Next Door]] which explains more in detail, real wealth is providing for your retirement. How long could you live if you lost your job today?<br /><br />Kiyosaki treats the subject with entertaining examples. My favorite is when his dad told him he had to learn how to make money and he took it literally. My only objection is that people who read with a me-first mindset will take away distortions. One boy thought the point of Kiyosaki's book was \\"It's better to drop out of school and become an entrepreneur.\\" Obviously, it's better to take advantage of every opportunity that will help you be self-sufficient.
B00005JMEW|2.0|Mr Tarantino should have used lightsabers - it would have made the movie far more believable. Also, Uma Thurman's character should have been played by Nicholas Cage.<br /><br />Verdict:<br /><br />Avoid
B00021LMTU|5.0|This is absolutely one of the best books I've ever read. I've never been a fan of Arthurian legend until I read this...it is a must for any feminist or anyone who questions the Christian tradition and wants to see power returned to the feminine. At times I felt that the book spoke personally to me...it seemed to coincide with events in my own life. I'd even say it was therapeutic for me, the spiritual truth of the story and especially Bradley's exquisite understanding of the male and females psyches. I LIVED this story while I was reading it, never wanting it to end so I'd have to say goodbye to the characters. How often do you read an historical tale or fantasy in which you identify so closely with the characters, their imperfections and goodness, that you can almost FEEL what they feel. If you're the type to really delve into a good novel, try this one - you won't be disappointed. I plan on re-reading it every five years or so.
B000067J1H|5.0|After watching Fight Club, I went downtown and started punching myself in the face. Before I knew it, I was the king of my own underworld fight club. We are currently preparing to make a run on Citi and bring down the financial system - it's going to be awesome.<br /><br />Verdict:<br /><br />Add to cart!
B000065V9Y|5.0|If you are considering purchasing this album, WHATEVER you do, read beyond the first review (if it is still the review by Rob Stewart). This is an absolutely brilliant recording and is essential listening for anyone seeking deep, emotional, thought provoking music crafted using atypical instrumentation and rhythms. It is more difficult to convey pain and loss convincingly to others on a musical instrument than any other emotion. In truth, very few people are truly even able to do so. And furthermore, the more instruments used when trying to express this very ancient and basic emotion, the more the emotion itself becomes buried. With \\"Us\\", Gabriel has created something so personal that it feels like you're reading a letter to his ex-wife that you've accidentally found among his possessions---except, you're hearing it instead of reading it. It would be difficult for a non-musician to understand how hard it is to make someone else feel exactly like you do using a musical instrument. Here, Gabriel manages to express the kind of grief one typically hears in blues or gospels. It is remarkable how many exotic instruments grace this recording, and yet the entire affair is one giant perfect symbiotic swirl of beauty, grace, pain and guilt. One can hear the desperation in Gabriel's very voice as well as in the vibrato of most of the instruments. In short, to accomplish an aural/musical plea for forgiveness so effectively is a stunning accomplishment, regardless of whether you regard it as \\"better\\" or \\"worse\\" than his last recording.  It goes without saying that Gabriel's body of work has been highly influential, and as an artist, he is truly peerless---look up Real World Records or WOMAD on the internet---Gabriel doesn't sit on his laurels like some others (\\"Sir\\" Geldof).   This is required listening.
B000Q6GX5Y|2.0|Ok so basically ever since I saw 300 in the theaters I have been waiting for the blu-ray version to come out. Now this next part is very important. While the detail of this movie is far better than dvd quality you will notice tremendous FILM GRAIN, and OMG is it annoying. So much grain is on screen that it is completely distracting. I am pretty disappointed because after about 20 minutes I lost interest and no longer cared to watch it. After it was done I just popped in \\"Crank\\" which looks 10 times better. Get this movie if your a hardcore 300 fan but if you hate film grain then stay very far away from this title. Ughh! So disappointing :(
B0002HSE18|5.0|The sound quality on this release is excellent. I have a number of ELP releases in this series from Sanctuary and they're all really good soundwise. The extra liner notes on each release are also nice. Also the song Tarkus is presented as a single track and is not spliced. On the original vinyl release, this version of Tarkus was too long for a single side of vinyl and had to be cut and placed on two sides. This 20 minute plus extravaganza version of Tarkus is great to listen to without any interruptions! Overall, the album showcases ELP in their prime, and is definitely one of their better live albums. Especially recommended for ELP fans.
0689835604|5.0|Any of the Karen Katz series of lift the flap books are great.  My 11 month old daughter has been in love with them for months.  They are board books so she can turn the pages, plus she loves looking for the same cat, ball and wagon in each book.  We have a bunch of them.  You'll love them too.
0679746323|5.0|As with much of what I read I'm not qualified to judge the scholarship of this book.    It's clearly biased, but is it true?  I don't know.    If even half of it is true it's shocking.    At some point I should read an equally biased book from the other perspective, but that still wouldn't amount to truth.    I think perhaps it is true that more time needs to pass and those living with an agenda need to move on before objective biography's of such controversial people will appear.    In any case it's a fascinating book well worth the time to read.
B000O1799U|5.0|One of the best musicals I've seen since \\"Chicago.\\" Nice story, lots of conflict, and mind blowing musical numbers. Jennifer Hudson stole the show, with more emotion and singing talent than Beyonce Knowles, who, by the way, was great.    The extra musical numbers were fun, also.
B000PHX8C0|4.0|Well, i must say i cheated on this one and bought it on import 3 weeks ago. Why the labels release a cd in the UK a month earlier is beyond me. Especially when trying to combat piracy.. Makes no sense.<br />Anyway, i thought they would have a tough time following up 'Fury' and i was right! But they succeed in making this CD just as good. What is best about this disc is the furious drumming. Excellent!<br />The songs are reminiscent of 'Fury' but not a repeat. The awesome 'Clouds over Calif' is great and the track that follows 'Bound by the Moon' is SLAMMIN! will be a pit fav.<br />'Burning Sermon' and 'Tirades of Truth' are smokin as well.! As a whole this CD holds up well. The production is in your face and the riffs are killer. There are not many 'hooks' per se, but that is made up for by the pure brutality!<br />One of the best bands around for their Genre, and a definate top 10 in the 'best of' category for 2007! A must have for all headbangers! The question has been answered, DevilDriver is for real.
B000NVL9FQ|5.0|First of all, I do Not understand why \\"Bob\\" from Los Angeles feels the need to give this ELP offering a 1 star rating, just because ELP's catalog has been remastered numerous times.  I don't care how many different labels remaster and distribute their music.  What does that matter?  Why does he think that fans must now \\"dutifully purchase these newly remastered editions?\\"<br /><br />If you own early 1990 first edition Atlantic releases, and you are satisfied with them, then that's the end of the story.  No one is trying to force you to buy something, just entice you purchase their product.  I have an old version of ELP's Live \\"Welcome Back My Friends...\\" on Atlantic records and it's fine.  Sounds just like my original 3-LP set, just in a more convenient package.<br /><br />I also own The Atlantic Years, a two disc compilation of ELP tacks which came out in 1992.  This past year I started researching ELP and noticed one of my favorite re-issue companies, Rhino Records, had released all of ELP's original albums.  As I looked at all the track listings, I realized there was a lot of Emerson, Lake and Palmer music that I did not own and had not heard before.  I thought about picking up these individual discs, but just never got around to it.  Now, the Rhino Remasters are over 10 years old.  Recording and Production Technology continues to evolve, so when I noticed these new Shout! Factory re-issues, and read some of the rave reviews about the quality, I decided now was the time.<br /><br />I purchased the debut Emerson Lake and Palmer album.  First of all, it's a bargain price at only $11.  I compared some of the tracks to my Atlantic Years cd.  The Shout! version was definately more dynamic, with the loudest parts of the songs just peaking at -0- Db on the VU meters of my Denon Digital CD Recorder (the older Atlantic version only reached the -4 mark).  Admittedly, the Shout! disc had slightly more analog tape hiss, but a much crisper high end.  You would only notice the hiss in the absolute quietest passages in a quiet setting.  Bass response was good, not \\"boomy\\", nice and flat over-all frequency response across the entire sound spectrum.<br /><br />I have already decided to purchase all the Shout! Factory versions.  Even though it's not listed yet on Amazon's site, an advertisement included in my disc shows they are planning to offer Brain Salad Surgery and the Live Welcome Back My Friends, to the Show that Never Ends also.ietest passages in a quiet setting.  Bass response was good, not \\"boomy\\", nice and flat over-all frequency response across the entire sound spectrum.    I have already decided to purchase all the Shout! Factory versions.  Even though it's not listed yet on Amazon's site, an advertisement included in my disc shows they are planning to offer Brain Salad Surgery and the Live Welcome Back My Friends, to the Show that Never Ends also.
B000M5AJQS|2.0|Sean Penn is much better at being a back-water irish (take it from someone who is one) and both \\"Mystic River\\" and \\"State of Grace\\" are a better portrayal of the contradictions that are Irish Catholic Americans.  Nicholson was the most disappointing, sloppily repeating his \\"Joker\\" character in \\"Batman.\\" This film is also poorly crafted. There is much young talent in Hollywood in screen writing, production design, cinematography and all the other skills and talents that make a movie worth watching. Instead, what we get here is celebrity actors, celebrity directors and a tired sound track of the same old \\"classic rock.\\"  I apologize to Martin Sheen, who was the one shining star.
B000NVIXFK|5.0|This is another great Rush release. It sounds better every time I listen to it. Great performances, lyrics and production. It contains an amazing song called \\"The Larger Bowl\\" that should be a huge radio hit. It has a darker feel on some songs mixing acoustic and heavy electric sounds. You don't have to be a musician to appreciate their musicianship and songwriting. Just buy it and check out their live show too.
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|So many people reviewed this movie well before it came out, I thought I'd review it AFTER I actually watched the blue-ray version...    I have been waiting to buy this movie on Blue-ray. I saw it in the theater & knew it was a must have for my PS3.  I was not disappointed.  I won't bore you with the details.  For those of you who haven't seen the movie, buy it because it is a pretty good movie.  Lots of action sequences - actually the entire movie is like one large action sequence.  The battle scenes are filmed in a realistic manner.  It's just an all around well made movie.      For a comparison one might look at Gladiator - the same type of lofty ideals of freedom, liberty, inundate the movie.  Lots of grandiose speeches that can tug at the most unpatriotic heart-strings. And of course the fight sequences were amazing.  One could argue that Gladiator ushered in a new era with its fight sequences/cinematography -- same here with HD and 300.  The makers of this movie certainly set a high bar for anyone else who is thinking about producing a movie of this caliber.      In my opinion, the beauty of the movie lies in the detail & the cinematography.  On a purely ascetic level, this movie is brilliant.  This is the first blue-ray movie I've watched on my PS3 so take my review for what its worth...but I thought it was great.  I mean the detail was superb.  The dirt, blood, sweat, and individual hair on the characters jump out at you.  One could probably count the individual stalks of grass that seem to permeate many of the scenes if one was inclined.      The bonus features are your standard DVD variety - the making of, historical breakdown of the actual events, etc.  I bought it at best buy for $30 plus tax, so I think $24 @ Amazon w/ free shipping (if you get up to $25 or whatever the threshold is) would be worth it.  $30-35 for a movie may sound like a lot - especially when the DVD version goes for $15, but I think the level of detail you get with blue-ray is well worth it.  All & all I am very satisfied with my first blue-ray movie purchase.    As for you blue-ray vs. hd-dvd people, I haven't a clue which is better.  I know that at this point I only had enough money for a PS3, so I am buying blue-ray & this movie looked great to me.  To each his own I guess.     4 stars because I wanted more of a story to go with all the fighting...but if I were to rate it based on ascetics alone, it would definitely be a 5.  A must have for any Blue-ray/DVD/HD-DVD collection.
6305511055|5.0|This is a wonderful film, perhaps Pollack's best.  From the moment it begins, with Redford as a sensitive and bookish CIA desk employee, the story carries you along with mystery, fear, and fascination.  Redford is not an expert assassin or spy, but a reluctant amateur, who is thrown into a situation completely frightening to him.  He must figure out how to fend for himself, and he does so effectively and even brilliantly, first hiding and then figuring out what is happening and who is responsible.  He is wonderfully believable, even when he becomes deadly.  Faye Dunaway is brilliantly convincing as the beautiful lost soul who eventually helps him, a lonely artist he meets in a chance encounter.  But the resolution is also a jarring surprise, which I shuld not reveal here.  Although this film reflects the cynicism of post-Watergate America, compared to the complacent twits we hve in DC now, it looks tame.<br /><br />Warmly recommended. It is not dated, but still feels current.  The actors are wonderful and you can view it multiple times in search of subtleties.
B00023B1LC|5.0|This is a fantastic movie.  It is on the edge of your seat excitement as you try to solve the identity of Jason Bourne.
B000PFUA9G|5.0|Brad Paisley has done it again....he has wowed his audience with another amazing album...    I felt that the song \\"Letter to Me\\" was written about me....I mean, I am a high school senior, and over half the things that were mentioned in the song have happened to me in my high school years....    My grandpa and my dad got a big kick out of the song \\"I'm Still a Guy\\"....I did too....amazing!
B000TM1CKQ|5.0|This is the best TV show of the last 5 years in my opinion.  This show (and Scrubs) single handedly saved me from throwing my TV out the window.  In a world where reality television is king, HIMYM saves the sitcom format.  Even with the forever-parodied \\"laugh track\\", the show works.  Focusing on Ted Moesby, he is looking for \\"Miss Right\\" while, 30 years into future his older counterpart (voiced by Bob Saget) is relaying each weeks adventure to his children.  There are some great episodes in this season, but maybe the greatest episode is \\"Slap Bet\\".  I cannot imagine the DVD being anything less than Legen......dary!
B000QUEQBS|3.0|This is an action-adventure movie that may be aspiring to serious themes. Despite an imaginative, well-executed, grand-scale set-up, some good attention to technical detail, and some exciting moments, the movie falls short of its promise as an action movie and never develops into more.    The movie touches on some interesting ideas. The film sketches a picture of how much power and trust a government can have when there is a terrorist threat and what might happen if a well-connected, corrupt organization exploited them to frame an innocent person for a crime it commits. The well-trained, brave, serious-minded, determined hero faces the impossible situation of having not only the criminals but the entire weight of law enforcement and the public against him. With grit and technical skill, the generally fast-paced movie shows smart, tough, resourceful ways in which he might try to survive and strike back, despite the staggering odds against him.    The problem is that it soon becomes clear that the movie has little more to offer than technical details of weaponry and tactics, high-tech gadgetry, special effects, and vague, pretentious innuendo, clichs, and catch-phrases about business and government corruption (no wonder some view it as taking political cheap-shots). There is no real depth or development to the characters, dialogue, story, or any larger themes. The ambitious set-up and window-dressing only raise expectations that the movie cannot or does not deliver on for how the high-stakes events will be explained and resolved. The book must have been better than this.     The supporting cast includes actors such as Danny Glover, Ned Beatty, and Michael Sandor, who at least bring some zest to undeveloped material (Elias Koteas' comic-book role as the villains' sadistic, sneering, heavy-breathing henchman cannot even be described as acting). But Mark Wahlberg is weak as the lead. His portrayal is flat and inarticulate, never more so than with the supposedly pivotalline, \\"They killed my dog.\\" His line about working for but hating the government is supposed to be meaningful but comes across as mere smart-aleck cynicism. In fact, he fails to effectively convey a single memorable line or idea. He acts grim and close-mouthed but not passionately intense. He is serious but not charismatic. He lacks the confident authority, command, and seasoning that Steven Seagal brought to the Under Siege films. Even worse, the actor playing Wahlberg's FBI partner seems as unimpressive and out-of-his-depth as the character he is playing.    The FBI agent ends up teaming with Wahlberg as a result of unexplained motivations and unlikely events. But the agent is played as a confusing, unlikable drudge, right from his very first annoying moments on screen. At times, he acts like an eagle-eye, encyclopedic-brain professional, at others like a dunce, with no explanation for the inconsistent, exaggerated, and unsatisfying portrayals. How does the hero possibly have the time to whip him into shape as a reliable, lean, mean fighting machine? Overall, the few character touches that the movie does bother to include too often go awry, and the characters are even flatter, stiffer cardboard cut-outs than one would expect from a movie like this.     The criminal organization -- superficially represented by a few colorful, stock characters -- is horribly ill-defined, as is any government role in it. The sometimes sinister-seeming actions or dialogue of FBI higher-ups and the frequent placement of the criminal masterminds in what look like government settings create the impression that the villains are actually part of a government agency. If the movie is trying to imply that the criminals and the government are one and the same, then the effort comes across as a cheap gimmick because no serious attempt is made to credibly explain who they are and how they are working together (a lone, grandiosely corrupt U.S. Senator from a relatively uninfluential wilderness state and an ex-Colonel are the only links?) The more details that the movie gives, the more implausible the story becomes. The increasingly ineffective way the criminals behave takes a toll on the credibility of their execution of so masterful an initial crime.     The villains are careless in figuring out late the identity of the hero's other, first accomplice. The movie tries to explain this, and it could be excused as making the point that even the most technologically savvy, well-planned operations can still fall victim to simple human error. But less excusable is the failure of the hero (whose mind otherwise seems to work like a steel trap) to realize that his accomplice (who simply returns home after helping him) is in great danger. So at the expense of the hero's character, and of victimizing the accomplice, the movie has the hero do something stupid simply to supply a plot gimmick.     The hero's ability to find out information and obtain resources while on the run become increasingly unbelievable. How, for example, does he know just when to show up in a boat with a high-powered rifle to foil an elaborate attempt to stage the suicide of the FBI agent (who has been investigating on his own and been abducted and beaten senseless by thugs; that Wahlberg himself sets up the agent is no answer at all; how can he be sure to follow the thugs, undetected, and show up at just the right moment, perfectly outfitted and situated with rifle and boat, to stop the finger on the trigger?) The way the FBI agent learns highly classified information on the run from a colleague is a huge stretch. By the end, the movie stops even trying to credibly explain Wahlberg's actions, such as how he is able to get the jump on snipers on the snow-capped mountain.     Despite some attention to detail, the three supposedly climactic end scenes are a mess. They include defeating the snipers without any explanation and especially burning critical, hard-won evidence for no good reason (Wahlberg's mumbled, incoherent excuse is the low point of the movie); a melodramatic stunt with a rifle to show his innocence in front of no less than the U.S. Attorney General himself (who cares if some higher-up elsewhere in the government asked for the meeting; why would they do so, and in this form?); and a crude, unimaginative final shootout scene. They are choppy, unexplained, implausible, contrived, and fall far short of a meaningful, dramatic resolution.     Others can write, and have already written, \\"reviews\\" that hype the movie far beyond its overall merits as a film, try to dump on anyone who points out any inconvenient criticisms, and seem more interested in shaping the movie into their own preconceived notions or getting caught up in some special-interest aspect of it -- mindless action rush; fan-club cheerleading for Mark Wahlberg; weapons, tactics, technology, or special-effects kicks; pet political conspiracy theories -- than in discussing in any detail what is actually on the screen.  Unfortunately, while the movie has some skillful, interesting, and entertaining elements, the characters and story skate by too much on the surface and come to too clumsy a conclusion to be satisfying, especially given the grand scale and stakes at which it is playing.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|I could not wait to get this BD to my home!  After weeks of waiting till release day, it has finally arrived!  Picture and sound are extraordinary and is something that every blu-ray enthusiast, heck even PS3 owners that don't watch movies on BD should own.  I opted for the BD version mainly because I could care less about the extras on the HD-DVD version (I have an XA2) and I hate combo discs that HD-DVD has.  Great job on the transfer!
B000E1ZBGS|1.0|I would dearly love to give this movie 0 stars, but that is not an option.  This movie was horrible and keira knightly was horrid as Lizzy.  Since when is Lizzy silly?  Believe the one star review and forget the 5's and 4's they are wrong
0375703764|4.0|As others have pointed out, House of Leaves is the very definition of post-modern. The novel chronicles the story of a tattoo parlor employee, Johnny Truant, as he discovers the unfinished magnum opus of a dead man, Zampano, and sets about attempting to edit and publish this magnum opus (for Zampano's sake as well as his own). Johnny quickly becomes obsessed with his project, shutting himself off from the world and undergoing bizarre and surreal life changes as he pores over Zampano's epic work. The title of Zampano's unfinished literature? House of Leaves. On the inside of this novel, Zampano is credited as the author of House of Leaves, with Johnny Truant providing the edits and notes, and oh, lest I forget, there's also another mysterious editor who went over \\"the internet addition\\" of House of Leaves and cleaned it up before the book was published on a wide scale.    Except, of course, that this is Mark Z. Danielewski's novel, and it was never an internet cult phenomenon that later made its way into publication. ...Or is it? And if what I'm saying doesn't make a lick of sense to you and leaves your head spinning, then welcome to the trip that is House of Leaves: a book within a book, an author within an author, a reality within a reality. Huge, convoluted, dizzying, and altogether a pleasure to talk about -- indeed, describing the book is as enjoyable as reading it, if not more so.    Zampano's House of Leaves teeters on the line between a dramatic narrative and an academic essay, though it seems to be an attempt at capturing the latter; its subject matter is a fictional documentary called The Navidson Record, a film made by photojournalist Will Navidson, which is itself the story of Navidson and his family's turmoil and strife in a house that's constantly sprouting dark corridors and ever expanding dimensions. Zampano's work is loaded with (fake) quotes, citations, and footnotes. In places, text moves around the page in strange ways and Zampano rambles on and on; there are sections scratched out, upside down. Sometimes one word and one word only will appear on a page. The word \\"house\\" is always emphasized every time it appears (in my copy, it was in shifting grey text, though in some copies, it's blue). Johnny Truant's story takes place alongside the telling of The Navidson Record, and in some ways, there are parallels to be found between the two tales. Truant's story is told in first person past tense, whereas Zampano's book is mostly written in third person present tense. The two are distinguished by different fonts.    Make no mistake: House of Leaves is a difficult book. It's frustrating, and frustratingly self-aware.     Early on, Zampano all but invites you to give up on the book, to proclaim it \\"prolix\\" and needlessly confusing; the narrative echoes his words by stretching you to your limits on multiple occasions. Many people won't like this book, and I wouldn't recommend it to just anyone. But if you're looking for something different and off-beat, House of Leaves has a little bit of everything to whet your appetite: love, lust, loss, madness, horror, sadness, drama, satire and parody (caricatures of both Stephen King and Harold Bloom appear), and style. Lots of pretentious, shameless style. I enjoyed it. It infuriated me at times, as it wanted to, but it hit me hard in the gut and made me feel and made me remember and made me ache, and I think it's worth a look if you're up for a challenge.    But recall Zampano's words: they say literature stands the test of time, and he can think of no greater joy than if this book is proven to be found wanting. If you don't like this book, the book accepts your disapproval. As it says in the dedication, \\"This is not for you.\\" But you never know. Maybe it will be.
0689865384|5.0|This series is not especially deep or academically meaty, but guess what?  My students are actually reading it! I picked up a copy at our school book fair, and I thought it was an entertaining read. In fact, I liked it so much that I ordered a few more Scott Westerfeld titles. Anything that makes my students want to read is good by me.
B00004RE0E|5.0|Journey rock.In New Zealand we do not have the selection of music as you guys have in the states.I had only heard very small amount of music from Journey and the great voice of Steve Perry before someone mentioned to buy it through the internet from Amazon.Man im glad I have.The escape cd is another great masterpiece along with thier other albums.Having both live and studio performances makes it better because you get a taste of the Live In Houston The Escape Tour dvd aswell.If your a Journey fan its a must.
0192100289|4.0|loved this book!  page turner, have read it twice now.  a different way to tell the story, having the characters interviewed...
B00005JPLW|5.0|This movie was visually stunning and had a gripping, thrilling storyline.  However, I would like to share my story to spare some of you from making the same mistake I did.  This is a good movie.  It is not a family movie.  If you watch this with your family, you may wind up having discussions with family members about things like chest waxing and death.<br /><br />Don't say I didn't warn you.
0805047905|3.0|my 1-year old daughter never took to this book.  Not enough words and very short.  Big on pictures, but small on words.  We were done with the book in about a minute.  teaches kids colors and animals so that's great.
B00005JPLW|5.0|This is the best movie of all times. Gladiator cant touch this! Im partial to this movie, cuz Im half Greek, but other than that its awesome!
0307120007|5.0|my now 1-year old daughter liked this book from the get-go.  She absolutely loved the interaction and the peek-a-boo game she gets to play with Paul.  She is captivated by each page and it takes us a while to get through the book.  We really enjoy our time together reading this book... it's her favorite!  Highly recommend this book.
0061015725|3.0|I really admire Michael Crichton, who is able to tell exciting suspense stories while at the same time educating the reader about science, history, and a wide variety of other subjects.  At his peak, he has written some truly great novels, such as THE GREAT TRAIN ROBBERY, SPHERE and JURASSIC PARK.<br /><br />PREY is a good suspense novel, but not a great one.  This novel deals with the dangers of nanotechnology, but I didn't really find the storyline particularly believable.  Essentially, you have to believe that a monster has been created by nantechnology that possesses miraculous powers that border on the ludicrous.  In the end, I didn't buy the concept, which made this novel less enjoyable.<br /><br />Crichton also puts more emphasis on fast pacing in PREY, at the expense of good characterization.  As a result, many of the characters are stereotypes and you barely get to know them.  The only exception is the lead character, who is likable enough that I cared about him a lot.  Unfortunately, the ending doesn't provide the reader much closure with regards to his fate, which I found highly annoying.<br /><br />In short, PREY is fast-paced and fun, but it's not his best work.  I personally wouldn't recommend it to first time Crichton readers.
0060832819|1.0|God, how I hated this book!  It starts out OK: a best selling but critically disliked author (the narrator of the book) and his wife become too complacent in their marriage and start taking each other for granted.  The wife splits, and, after some serious soul searching, she becomes the author's \\"Zahir\\" (which means \\"obsession\\" or \\"great desire.\\"  The word is repeated in the book about a thousand times just to clue us in on the profundity of the concept).  He then commences on a spiritual quest to get her back (which, at one of the novel's low points, includes frolicking with insightful street beggars).  Less than 100 pages in, the book devolves into a silly philosophical surrealistic dissertation on the \\"energy of love.\\"  I swear, it almost reminded me of that dreadful early 70's musical \\"Godspell,\\" except without the soundtrack.  OK, I get it!  We should try to love each other!  Why not write a three page essay instead of this la-la land book?     To me, \\"The Zahir,\\" is an author out-of-control with his self-indulgent egoism.  I'm wondering if Paul Coelho believed he would start a movement based on the \\"energy of love,\\" kind of how Ayn Rand started \\"Objectivism.\\"  Fortunately, the type was large and the chapters short -- otherwise I would never have finished the book.
B0000WN0ZK|4.0|With yesterday's death of Antonioni, I feel compelled to say something about this film.  Its 1966 release in the U.S. was an adrenalin rush, its plot captivating, its mood seductive.  It made a star of Hemmings, not to mention the model Verushka.  It caused a frat brother watching it to shout, \\"There it is!\\"  Watch it and figure out what he was shouting at.  Watch it and ask yourself, \\"What's the significance of the number 3?\\"  This film created lively discussion in my college English class upon its release.  A must-see Antonioni film.
B0001I561E|3.0|This is a pleasant little story that my three year old kids love every bit as much as Cars or Toy Story. I'm not so crazy about the storyline making a hero out of a street thief, but that will be a lesson for later in childhood!!! I would say, \\"Off with his head!!\\".....oh well.
B000I5X81K|5.0|Josh's new CD is spectacular.  Some of the songs on this CD are a little surprising coming from Josh. He still pulls it off with his pure and magnificent voice. I cannot pick a favorite song on the CD I Love them all.  A must have for any Josh Groban Fan!
B000022TSH|5.0|Without a doubt director Roman Polanski's take on greed, crime and corruption in high and low places in 1930's Los Angeles is a modern landmark in the noir detective genre. Evoking all the attributes of the classic film noir detectives Jack Nicholson as J.J. Gettes is that old favorite- a tough guy who doesn't mind taking a beating for the good of the cause, is resourceful, loyal and resolute and also has a little spare time for the ladies (of course without strings, if possible). Fay Dunaway as the conniving, justly father-conflicted femme fatale carrying a big family secret is a good match up for Nicholson's tough guy detective. Unlike some plot lines this one, written by Robert Townes, keeps a tight leash on the line and does not get tricky with subplots and twists. That makes it all the stronger for this one may be all about the water problems in up and coming Los Angeles but is also about overweening greed and ambition tied to that development. Sound familar?
B00005JODK|5.0|I was extremely suprised by how great this movie was! I was less than pleased with the origianal movie, as a matter of face I was somewhat disgusted! I think the music definitely changed the ultimately boring story line! The music in this movie is fantastic which in turn brings new light and humor to the scenes! The cast in this film is also better than the origianal! John Travolta, Michelle Pfiffer, Christopher Walken, Queen Latifa, Amanda Bynes, and Zac Efron are so great it is kinda scary!<br /><br />A must see!!!!
B0000AQS6R|5.0|Yes, it's true. Your service is second to none. Thank you. I will keep you in mind for future orders.
B000N6TX1I|4.0|I saw this film when it first came out and was fascinated by the dramatic theme behind the action. But now, having just finished reading the critically praised and popular P. D. James book on which was the movie was based, I realize this movie could have said so much more. To say that the book and movie are different is a huge understatement. The movie takes the central idea of the novel (a world where a child has not been conceived in 20 years and humankind is facing extinction) and then fashions a grim, overtly violent film that appears to be juiced to appeal to teenage/20's males. Only a couple of the scenes that occur in the movie are in the book and even those are dramatically changed. Sadly, almost all of the interplay between Xan, the Warden of England, and Theo, our protagonist, are absent from the film, making Xan's presence in the film inexplicable. Likewise, the themes change from remaining hopeful when all hope is gone and the examination of one of the oldest questions man asks (Is there a God and why does He/She allow this to happen?) to a much less interesting polemic about how we treat refugees (surprise -- badly) and the argument that most of mankind will become ruthless when forced to struggle for survival (another big surprise).     I think it is a shame that the spiritual undertones of the very entertaining book could not have survived the necessary simplification that comes from porting the written text to the movie's script. After all, the title itself comes from the Bible (Psalm 90:3 \\"Come again, ye children of men\\"). The birth, central to both the film and the novel but so much better portrayed by P. D. James, is a modern nativity scene. So watch the movie for the teen in you, but read the book to stimulate your mind and your spirit.
0446677450|5.0|[[ASIN:1419649442 Answers]]<br />This book takes everything you learned and turns it upside down.<br />It certainly takes a \\"mind shift\\" to understand the concepts taught here.<br />It is like getting a multi millionaire to sit down with you and explain how they make money.  The mind shift comes about to all those people who think it's saving money and having a 401k.<br />Like Kiyosaki says the Rich people think completely different about saving money.  This book shows you how they think and what they do about it.  An absolutely facinating read.
1582701709|3.0|The book in itself was good but I felt that it left out something vital to the Secret -- the spirituality part.  I felt by the end of the book that something was missing-- that there was more.  Anyone who reads this book needs to read the companion to it by Ed Gungor (which I later was led to by a friend with the same problem)titled THERE IS MORE TO THE SECRET.  Great little book and does a wonderful job giving the rest of the story and making The Secret a more valuable tool. The two books together get five stars from me.
0143037757|5.0|This book is a very good read, not least for providing rich context on much of this American's life experience. I was born in 1952 and now feel as though I understand film noir, existentialism, the academic enamorment with French critical theory, and the very common tendency among intellectuals to feel as though they should admire Communism in the face of the evidence, as well as the reaction to most of these from the right, in much more contextual depth than I have heretofore. The book's implicit theory of politics balances personalities and ideologies, and allows for a view that zooms in on local events in sharp detail and back out to Cold War strategies, without jarring.     And all of that is introduction to the later chapters on post-Communist Europe. Here there is less sense of focused history and more of unfolding the present, but bringing out more of the reasons than newspaper and journal articles can provide.
B00005JPCF|5.0|Didn't get to see this at the movies, but it is worth owning for your collection.
B000PTYUQG|5.0|Stravinsky's music changed the world.    This repackaging of the cumbersome multibox set issued previously has been very well done. The performances are unique in that Stravinsky conducts all his major works (Robert Craft conducts 1 CD of smaller works extremely well). The sound is incredibly good throughout considering the hatchet jobs Columbia Records (now Sony) used to bestow on some of their artists in the 1960s. However, that some in that company had the presence of mind to capture these performances for posterity must be thankfully acknowledged.    5 stars for the real thing.
B000Q6GX5Y|1.0|This is not a review of the movie or comparison between the hd-dvd or bluray version, but a review of the picture quality itself which is supposed to be in high definition. There are other reviews here saying the quality is superb, maybe the bluray I bought is actually a DVD version that was inadvertently labeled and packaged as bluray?    I just bought the 300 movie in bluray format and it looks like DVD quality. I use my PS3 to watch bluray movies and this does not even come close to the other bluray movies that I have, and it pretty much looks like DVD quality. I have 5 bluray movies and it does not take an expert to distinguish from DVD and bluray.     I feel like WB is cheating consumers by selling the bluray version of this movie, at bluray price, but in DVD quality.    thanks to \\"The Watcher\\" for informing me about the \\"grainy effect\\" that this movie has, which has made me change my \\"quality\\" rating for picture quality to improve from 1 to 4 stars (for artistic effect, but i can't change/edit the rating i have put in). Here is his comment and my reply:    THE WATCHER:  \\"Dude, it was purposefully made grainy by the director to stay in tune with the way Frank Miller wants his graphic novels - gritty and hardcore. It was the same way in the theatres but no one really noticed because graininess is common in today's cinema. So it was the artistic vision of Frank Miller combined with the director that gave this film it's gritty, grimy look and feel.    If you don't like the vision of the director and creator, you surely won't like Grindhouse because it had a lot more grain put in than this film did. I'd advise you to not buy that also.\\"    MY REPLY:  dude, i was not able to watch this in a theater house and this is the first time i have seen a movie by Frank Miller. i did not know that the \\"grainy\\" effect was purposely done to convey the artistic touch of the director. If that was the way the movie was intended to appear, then kudos to Frank as it is very evident in the movie. however, i did not have prior knowledge of this \\"gritty and hardcore\\" way that his movies are presented and being used to the picture quality i am expecting from high definition movies, i just stated my opinion on how the picture quality was, which you have also confirmed with your comment. i suppose fans of Frank who are familiar with his movies would not be surprised and will expect the quality that i stated in my review.    IN ADDITION:  I read comments that bluray does not have extra features compared to HD-DVD, but I found out that the bluray version HAS THE EXTRA FEATURES MENU AT THE END OF THE MOVIE.     When you first put the disc in your player it will automatically play the movie from the start. However, if you go to the end of the movie, right after the movie credits, the extra feature menu comes out.
B000Q6GUTI|5.0|Great action movie, the sniper shots are great.  I rented this movie and am being honest I never expected to be this good.  Great movie.
B000F0UV0E|1.0|I have liked Mark Knopfler's music in the past so when I saw it was recommended in the Amazon catagory of \\"people who bought Paul Simon also bought this\\" I thought OK lets go for it.  Firstly it took ages to arrive and when I played it I could not believe how ordinary and depressing the sound was.  As a child on wet Sundays we would struggle to find a radio station that wasn't just Songs of Praise.  Inevitably it was whining Country & Weston at it's most melancholy.  This album could have featured on one of those shows with Emmylou Harris doubling the whine and depression.  Sorry C&W fans, there's lots of it I like, but if this album had arrive within the stipulated return period it would have been straight back.
B000KQGX1Y|5.0|If I never make it to heaven, at least I have been able to hear angels sing.  This a great companion to the DVD of the special.  If you love great music, you will love this music cd.
B0008JIJ2E|5.0|The sequels were enjoyable for those who watched the original but by itself, the first is just better and more of a gem-Like Rocky movies. ''Pat'' Morita shines in this role which he's best known for around the world. Starting out a sobering and harsh figure, intimidating even as a short old man to Daniel, the young kid/fish out of water. Being bullied by the punk kids who rule the highschool and are karate experts at a local fancy dojo/martial arts school, Daniel gets Mr. Miyagi to teach him how to defend himself against his preppy but still dangerous classmates. He does this in exchange for helping the old man with his extreme makeover home edition. This leads to one of the most memorable lines of all the 80s movies. ''Wax on, Wax off''. Not to be a spoiler but after Daniel is seemingly beeing taken advantage of after hours and hours of hard labor and blowing up at the old man, intimidated as he was by him, he is in for a real surprise. The chores were all part of the training and he's now no longer defenseless. It's a cute idea that when you see for yourself comes across as natural and realistic. Good stuff Maynardsan. Now the two have a genuine bond and the movie plays out with two characters and actors that play off of each other almost like they'd worked together in some karate kid play for years. There are a lot of teacher/student karate flicks but this one was high quality, good sense of humor, good characters, good willed and like many say, a surprisingly good story to go along with the kicking and punching. Pat Morita is definitely doing a great acting job since he's far from the stern figure that Mr. Miyagi is-stern especially in the beginning of this first movie. This man was a comic in real life you know. Friends said that he played Mr. Miyagi partly based off of his own father and other people he knew of japanese descent from his dad's generation. Reportedly, his older brother saw the movie and teared up saying ''that's papa up there.'' Great actors, great script, great production. Is it on the hokey side looking back on it over twenty years later? Yeah, sure when compared to the sarcastic self-parodying stuff our tastes lean towards now...But so what? This really is one of those movies you can dig out from time to time and watch over again.
B000OV170W|1.0|Dear God, how I hated the characters in this book.    I read My Sister's Keeper after reading a blurb about it. The topic fascinated me: what would a child conceived to \\"save\\" a sibling think as they grew older? Especially if the \\"saving\\" part went on and on and on.    The books starts with that child, Anna, going to a lawyer to get out of her role as genetic donor on call. So far, so good. It's a soapy, Lifetime movie idea but I've nothing against a soapy story. Middlemarch and War and Peace have their soapy elements too. The problem isn't the soapiness, it's that Picoult keeps adding the soap, piling on sub-plots and adding quirks to her characters until, frankly, I wanted to kill them myself. You'll rarely find a less likable group of characters than the adults on display in this book.    Campbell Alexander, the lawyer Anna hires, is standard issue \\"selfish, self-absorbed, morally questionable attorney who only wants to win.\\" His quirk is that he has a service dog but HE ISN'T BLIND. Gee, I wonder what the reason could be. Seriously, is there anyone with half a brain who can't think of the one other reason an adult would have a service dog? There must be loads because Picoult treats this as a big mystery even though every chapter from Campbell's point of view has him telling someone that \\"Judge\\" (get it, a lawyer with a dog named \\"Judge\\"? Wow.) is a service dog. I wish that Judge's service job would have been to bite Campbell on the leg everytime Campbell said the words \\"service dog\\" or at least to chomp on him whenever he was a jerk but, alas, Judge just trots around witnessing this silliness.    Then there's Julia Romano, Anna's court appointed guardian and Campbell's old flame. What are the chances that these two would see each other again after he dumped her? Well, they do live in Rhode Island and both practice law in Providence so I guess the question really is how is it possible they haven't run into each other in the last 20 years? Julia is quirky too, she's a free spirit. I know this because Julia gives all her appliances names. Her refrigerator is called \\"Smilla.\\" Yes, Julia is considered by a court to be responsible enough to look after the interests of a child despite the fact that she names inanimate objects and converses with them.     But once you've got a load of Anna's mother, Sara, you'll probably think even Smilla would be a better guardian. Sara is the least likable person in the book. Selfish, delusional, self-absorbed and self-enchanted, Sara ignores her son Jesse to the point that he becomes a pyromaniac, sees her daughter Anna as a walking donor and relentlessly insists on \\"saving\\" her daughter Kate without asking the teenager what she wants. Oh, and she orders designer gowns from BlueFly and returns them on a regular basis. Sara was a lawyer and when the courtroom scenes start, Sara decides to represent herself. And why not? It's smart, it's cheap, it's the sort of thing courts love and it just makes sense. Why should anyone else have the spotlight? I think Picoult meant Sara to be likable and slightly clueless about the impact of her actions. I wanted to throttle Sara.     Everyone in this book ruminates. About life. About death. About the stars. About their appliances. Instead of being thoughtful or deep it just grinds the story to a halt. It also made me wish these people would stop navel gazing and do something. Say what you will about Jesse and his little match-focused hobby, at least he gets out of the house once in a while.    It all comes down to a courtroom confrontation, just like in Perry Mason. Will Anna win her freedom? Will Sara make her see that she may feel guilty for letting Kate die? Will Kate ever stand up for herself? Will Campbell tell Julia the real reason he dumped her? Will someone, anyone, tell Sara to shut up?    Then there's the \\"twist\\" ending. I know some readers hated it so much it ruined the book for them. I was too far gone by then to think anything but \\"so this is whatirony overload looks like.\\" And that the RI DMV must have some interesting rules if Campbell can get a driver's license.     Picoult is capable of, and has written, much better. (See The Pact, for an example of Picoult on form.) She'd have done beter to have cut the story in half, dropped all the sub-plots and stuck to the main story. And had several characters slap Sara. Repeatedly.
B000N4SHPS|5.0|When I first heard there was going to be a Rocky 6 I could not believe it. Like many people I was skeptical, but this movie was not disappointing at all. In fact this movie was brilliant and astounding. This Rocky movie was well written, emotionally powerful and very realistic. I have to say this is one of the best movies I have seen recently. When I was watching Rocky box I felt like I was sitting ringside cheering Rocky on. Sylvester Stallone delivered an amazing performance in this movie. I can honestly say this is the best sports movie I have ever seen. The acting in this movie was great because the characters come across as real people. To Sylvester Stallone and everyone that worked on this movie I just have say I really enjoyed this awesome movie.
B000E1MTZE|5.0|The first movie didnt have the HD QUALITY i thought it would, but the 2nd and 3rd DO NOT LET DOWN!!!    i like the first and second one but the 3rd one, while not bad, is alright. i guess it does its job in ending the trilogy.    great demo material to show off your HD telivsion and Player...    again, THANX AMAZON!!
B000LC4CVA|5.0|Watched this special on PBS and was struck by the fantastic diversity of the singers.  Also loved the bouncy violin player.
B0000CFW87|5.0|I had never heard of Josh Groban until one night I was looking at the  PBS series, \\"Distant Shores\\" with Peter Davison and this backgroun music came up. I  had to search for the voice and the composer. It took me awhile to find Josh Groban. I am very old(veery!), studied music for years and he has one of the most beautiful voices I have ever heard.  From such a young man it seems unbelievable. He reminds me of beautiful voices of yesteryear- a pleasure to remember.
B00005JPLW|5.0|OK. I love this movie, and I'm not exactly a fan of Frank Miller. He's generally a bit too mean spirited and hopeless for my taste, but this here's the very best comic book to film translation I've ever seen. The story is compelling, the action is amazing and the graphic look of the film is a stunner. Solid acting. All around a really landmark movie in many ways. I'm very interested in seeing Zack Snyder's version of the Watchmen (which I think is a way overrated graphic novel and very dated); but I'm going to bet it'll be a pretty good film as well.
1569242739|5.0|My brother has food allergies to milk and eggs, so he could have all of these cupcakes! This book rocks! (And they smell delicious)
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|just recieved my copy today, i pre ordered it about a week or two ago with 2 day shipping, it should not even be here for two more days but i got it the same day it came out, props to amazon...    to the guy who said HD DVD is overpriced to make up for the lost money, umm no, its because its a DVD....AND....HD DVD....its a double sided disc, one side being the dvd version, and the other being HD DVD. so if your on the fence about jumping into HIGH DEF, you can rest assured with your purchase because it has DVD too.    i have yet to watch the movie and see what quality i get with the hd dvd but im sure i wont be let down.    as for the movie, i did see it when it was in theaters and loved it..THANX AGAIN AMAZON!
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|I loved the movie in the theaters, I really do believe they have improved the movie with this Blu-ray release... The graphics seem so much CRISPER than they were at the theater, and the sound does not disappoint!<br /><br />Highly recommended!<br /><br />If you've got a Blu-ray player or a PS3, pick this title up.  If not, get a Blu-ray player or PS3 and get this title!
B00005JP5P|3.0|For all its interesting ideas, Danny Boyle's \\"Sunshine\\" is a science fiction film that doesn't know what it wants to be, and therefore doesn't know how to move smoothly. This film had so much potential, but it ultimately lost itself to vague explanations, unnecessary twists, and a plot that got less and less plausible with every scene. Taking place in the not too distant future, it begins as an engaging character study, focusing on eight astronauts journeying through space towards the center of the Solar System. Their mission is to revive our sun, which--for reasons never given--is slowly dying. This aspect of the story is fascinating, not only from a scientific point of view, but from an emotional one, as well; success depends on a mega bomb that offers no guarantees, and even if everything goes according to plan, the crew may not survive. Every member is forced to process these uncertainties, allowing for more complex character development.    Most of the film takes place on Icarus II, an industrial-looking spaceship with a mammoth mirror-paneled shield at its front. A small but dedicated crew, lead by Captain Kaneda (Hiroyuki Sanada), operates the ship with efficiency. These parts of the film work the best because, at the very least, they don't force the audience to heighten its suspension of disbelief. I was initially able to accept what I was watching because the characters weren't thrust into highly unrealistic scenarios. This eventually changes. Case in point: three crew members reentering Icarus II by sucking themselves into space. Only one wears a specially designed spacesuit while the other two wrap themselves in foil, hoping it will provide enough protection. Can you honestly say that this seems even remotely possible?    Things start to go wrong when the crew hears a distress signal from Icarus I, which went missing seven years ago after failing to restart the sun. The ship's physicist, Capa (Cillian Murphy), feels they should find Icarus I and take itsmega bomb; having two would be better than having one. They proceed, despite opposition from Mace (Chris Evans), who feels that the crew should stay focused on their mission. This puts him at odds with Capa, and the hard feelings will only grow as the film progresses. This aspect of the film actually works, especially when the emotional state of the rest of the crew is thrown into the mix. One of the scientists, Trey (Benedict Wong), at one point feels responsible for endangering the crew, resulting in his sedation and isolation. Another scientist, Corazon (Michelle Yeoh), is panicked over the ship's agriculture, which is eventually threatened. The only character I didn't believe was Searle (Cliff Curtis), who bathes himself in sunlight until his skin is burned. What's the point of that?    As soon as Icarus I is found, the plot ineffectively shifts gears, following the same formula as that of a psychological action thriller. This worked against the tone as established at the beginning, which basically suggested a difficult but nonetheless rewarding journey. One by one, technical mishaps put Icarus II in trouble, serious enough to result in death. The crew eventually begins to suspect that a saboteur is in their midst, especially since Icarus I's computer system shows signs of having been tampered with. As the distrust among the characters grows deeper, the overall tone of the film grows darker, relying less on the science fiction genre and more on horror. The introduction of a mysterious presence brings \\"Sunshine\\" down to the level of a slasher film, which did not work at all.    If there was one thing this film needed more than anything, it was consistency. I can't recall a recent film that meanders so wildly, going back and forth from science fiction fable to terrifying nightmare without clean transitions. It doesn't help that many of the more elaborate action sequences are impossible to believe in, even with the knowledge that they're part of a fantastic story.I'm not saying that I wanted a realistic film; this entire premise is unrealistic. What I am saying is that I wanted a plausible film, something that goes far enough to be entertaining, but not so far that it becomes ridiculous. The end was a major disappointment for me, not because of the resolution, but because of what led up to the resolution. By then, all attempts at believability are futile.    For me, the worst thing about \\"Sunshine\\" was the fact that it borrowed elements from Ridley Scott's \\"Alien\\" and twisted them into something far less effective. We see many shots of dark corridors and flashing lights--foreboding elements in a story that didn't need to be that way. And of course, there's the mysterious figure that stalks the remaining crew. Why Boyle saw fit to include this element is beyond me; it adds nothing to the story, save for unnecessary, nonsensical conflict. I'm sorry, but I thought this film was about revamping the sun. \\"Sunshine\\" is a well-intentioned effort, but it quickly loses its way, wandering into territory it was never meant to be in. In essence, the film burns itself out like a dying star.
B000OLGCHA|5.0|I thought it was fantastic. Hooper intigrated in music from the earlier movies, which were ignored by Doyle (not to say I disliked Doyle's). I felt the music really reflected the chaos and turmoil that surrounds Harry in this movie. The one thing I disliked was that the cd was not set up in a cohesive manner. However there is an easy fix to that, load it on an ipod.
1401302378|4.0|I really enjoyed the exploration of the internet and why it impacts personal tastes and the wider exploration of the diminished \\"mainstream\\" influence.
B0009A41WE|5.0|I was looking for a replacenent for my old Beethoven piano concertos, a 1973 recording of Ashkenazy and the Chicago symphany; the sound quality was very poor. Being impressed by Mitsuko Uchida's playing of Mozart, I thought I would order her recordings of the Beethoven piano concertos, but paused on seeing John Grabowski's very critical review.<br />A quick search of the net turned up a very complementary review of no 5 on ClassicsToday, a 9,9 rating, and a generally kind review of all the concertos by Colin Clarke on Music Web, so I obtained a copy to hear it myself.<br />I find I have few complaints, Uchida's performance is flawless, crisp and precise, light and transparent showing a close affinity with the music. My concern is similar to that of Clarke, sometimes the soloist and conductor do not click together, their styles differ. This is more apparent in nos 1 & 2, the early Beethoven does not call for fireworks, they are rather gentle works, the music is flowing along nicely, particularly when piano works with the woodwinds, while Sanderling sees p and m on the score, but when f occurs he feels obliged to toss in a few rounds from the heavy artillery. The mood is broken, and sometimes the tempo. This is much less a problem with the later works, I am more than happy with no 3, which has been a favourite of mine for 50 years, 4 is very good, a live performance?, and the \\"Emperor\\" is the best I've heard of this often overdone concerto, the final movement dances and shines.<br />Overall this is a 4.5 star recording, which is not allowed, so I will up it to 5 to get the average up a bit !
0385338902|5.0|Jonathan Tropper just keeps getting better and better. This book and his last, Everything Changes, are just terrific, fun reads. You wouldn't think that the tale of a young windower having trouble with his grief could make for such a funny and insightful read, but Tropper manages to make this subject neither maudlin nor repetitive. This is both voice- and plot-driven fiction, and Tropper has mastered in each of his novels that cynical male with a hard-shell of sarcasm lying over a sensitive, feeling-full interior. As other reviews will note, the main plot line is about a young widower overcome with grief who also has to deal with the unruly teenager his late wife left behind. In the meantime, he also has an outrageous twin sister who's just left her rich husband because he's boring, another sister whom he's angry with for meeting her fiance at his house when he sat shiva for his wife, an alcoholic mother, and a once brilliant, but now senile, father who shows flashes of his former competence in between episodes of playing baseball in his underwear on his mansion's front lawn. Tropper actually manages to stir this soup of outrageous characters very effectively. There's little subtext here -- all the dramatic situations are right out there and just one step shy of being over the top -- but they're not. It seems to me that he can pull this all off because he has some amazing writing talents. There's a scene of the main character's blind date with a recent divorcee that is told entirely in the chatty woman's voice -- four to five pages of uninterrupted dialogue (in the form of monologue) that gives you a hysterical impression of just how badly the entire night went. The man can turn a phrase -- and while his observations are rarely unique -- that the suburbs are vapid and overly materialistic, as one example -- Tropper has the writing chops to make you marvel at the freshness of the language he uses to convey those opinions. If you're looking for a light, entertaining, very well written read, I highly recommend this book.very well written read, I highly recommend this book.
1591840562|4.0|I read this book, found it completely motivating, wrote a business plan, won first place in a $250k business plan competition using my plan based on this book, raised $2.5m on a plan based on this book, and then crashed my company 1.5 years later.      What happened to a company with so much promise?  We had too much success too fast, and I credit/blame the book.  I re-read the book after we crashed and found that everything we did right was straight from the book.  And everything we didn't do right eluded us AND the book.  This book will 1. teach you glitter and 2. effortlessly get you started on the right path.  STARTED! ...and that's all.  The title doesn't lie.    If you're experienced and know how to run a company, then I HIGHLY recommend this book to polish up your next venture for VCs.  If you're like me and haven't run companies before, then you have much, much more work to do besides the exercises in the book.    I'm told that \\"Venture Management Handbook\\" is a good book, and I'm ordering it today.
B000ECXWVI|1.0|This is an action movie, not a war film in the tradition of the realistic classics we've been lucky enough to have released in the last decade. This is one of those stories in which you are required to shut your brain off in order for it to succeed. Here in John Woo's pseudo-Schwarzeneggerian version of World War Two, rifles never seem to run out of ammo, a grenade can clear an entire hillside the size of two football fields, and the morality of war is as monochromatic as an old church tract. I say all this with disappointment, because the subject of the Windtalkers deserves its time on the big screen, and it deserves much better than what it had here in this completely stupid insult to modern intelligence and the memory of the men about whom it was supposed to be.
0385340559|5.0|[[ASIN:0385340559 Bad Luck and Trouble]]<br /><br />There is no better author than Lee Child and no better hero than Jack Reacher!!  I recommend that you read all of the series.  I have and every book is excellent. If you can't start with his first, Killing Floor, start with The Persuader (I did).  Each of his books is designed to stand on their own, so it really doesn't matter which you start with, Bad Luck and Trouble would be fine.
1582701709|2.0|You're probably not going to read this, because there are already over 1500 reviews, but I'm going to write this anyway, to vent.    I wanted to like this book.  I am a certified hypnotherapist, and I wanted to be able to refer a best selling book to my clients about the power of visualization and positive thinking.  These are great tools to re-framing your life, but only when used in conjunction with other life plans.  Visualization and positive thinking should be used as the first step - motivation - toward a thoughtful, realistic, attainable goal.    This book somehow stretches one simplistic, absurd premise to 198 pages, mostly by quoting self-proclaimed gurus discussing completely unsubstantiated ideas.  These \\"experts\\" have titles such as life coach, transformation specialist, etc.   Getting paid to tell people how to change their lives does not in itself make you an expert.  Nor does repeated assertion make an idea true.  Where is the evidence that thoughts have frequencies?  Ms. Byrne even managed to find some sort of quantum physicist who makes a loose connection between the physical laws of the universe and her magical thinking.    This book was not just inaccurate and a waste of time, but it was offensive and potentially harmful.  In attempting to make a point that bad things happen to you because you think bad things, one of the \\"experts\\" tried to justify large-scale tragedies such as the holocaust.  He explained that this group of millions of innocent victims all shared the same negative frequency of thought.  So now, these poor victims not only have the tragic fate of being senselessly and brutally murdered, but they are to be held accountable for bringing this fate onto themselves.  What about the tragedy of 9-11?  All those people in the WTC were on the same negative frequency that day?  Maybe it was the cafeteria food?      This book purports that one can lose weight by simply visualizing and wishing that they could be like those thin people who eatanything they want and never lose weight. I am beyond words on this one.  All I can say is this - Rhonda, find me one fat person who lost weight without changing their diet or exercise, and not having surgery.  Just one.    Logically, the \\"secret\\" falls apart.  What if Person A's greatest wish is to marry Person B.  And Person B's greatest wish is for Person A to break up with them.  They both follow the rules of the Secret.  Who wins?      Same thing, with two football teams at the Super Bowl.  They're all using the Secret to visualize winning the game.  How does the universe decide which positive thoughts to grant?    It is misleading and cruel to promise people that they can visualize into their lives millions of dollars, new homes, new cars, etc. and that these items will magically appear with no other action needed.  What about higher education?  Or hard work?  If I want to be a doctor, don't I need to go to med school?      It is ridiculous and cruel to promise people that they can visualize cures for terminal disease.  While I believe a positive attitude is essential to pursue optimum health, I don't believe in miracles.  Sorry, I just don't. I am not about to add to the grief of families who have lost a loved one to cancer by telling them that their loved one did not do a good enough job of visualizing good health.    I would like to see Ms. Byrne deliver her message to a children's cancer ward, or those locked up on death row.    Presumably, there are people using the Secret to wish for things beyond selfish materialistic bling.  Some people might even be wishing for world peace.  Or a cure for cancer. So if those people are all using the Secret correctly, and are all on the same wavelength, why hasn't any of those things occurred?    The first year the play \\"Peter Pan\\" was performed in England, the Darling children were taught to fly simply by thinking happy thoughts.  However, realizing this might possibly lead real children into jumping out of high windows, author J.M. Barrie introduced the necessity of fairy dust in the second season.  The Secret is Peter Pan without the fairy dust - outrageously ungrounded, misleading, and jeapardous.
B000002UAU|5.0|The most amazing thing about this Beatle record was/is that it transcends the musical experience. Keep in mind that in 1967, there was no MTV or VH1. When this record was playing your imagination went wild! It was like your own personal movie in your head. It starts like being at the theatre and then you go everywhere imagineable... sitting on a sofa with meter maid, inside the home of well meaning parents, going to the freak show circus, attending a church-like service with sitar, dreaming of growing old with the one you love, sitting in a high school class p*ssed off at the world, overcoming dysfunctional relations, riding in a boat, witnessing an accident, watching a fox hunt, reading a book, WOW. And everyone saw it there own personal way, no two imaginations are alike. The Beatles took you to a magical place within your own being with this record. I am grateful that there was no video to ruin it!  BRAVO Sgt Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band! A Day in the Life is a masterpiece.
B000R7I3LY|5.0|Originally found her on myspace. Love her voice and tunes. Love Song and Bottle It Up are fabulous!!! The whole CD is a great listen and a good pick-me up. Such a fresh voice!
B000BJS4SU|5.0|I hadn't heard anything from John Mayer in a while. I had given up on him when he came out with his first album, which was a little too \\"poppy\\" for my taste. I usually go for oldies, stevie ray vaughn and hendrix among some of my favorites (though I'm only 24). My friend gave me this album and told me I should try it and to trust him. I absolutely loved this album when I first heard it. Each song is more soulful than they were on their original albums. I actually prefer the versions of \\"Daughters\\" and \\"Gravity\\" on this album. The versions of these songs make the original versions sound like like the \\"plain, unsalted\\" version of potato chips - bland. For those who have said Mayer is a subpar guitar player, I don't think they have truly listened to the guitar parts on this album. Mayer improvises a lot more on this cd.I've seen a lot of people say, \\"He's no Hendrix\\" or \\"He's no Stevie Ray\\". He may not be, but the influence on the guitar work is definitely there. Mayer pulls out all the stops on this one and plays many songs in the style of Stevie Ray - and it works. You can hear the Hendrix influences on his guitar work all over the place. Even Mayer's voice is different than it usually is on his studio albums. He sounded more relaxed, but his voice sounded great. I only wish Mayer would deliver like this on his studio albums. He would be so great. He really put heart in this live version and you could tell he was relaxed, but that definitely didn't hurt his performance one BIT on this album.
B00006JQU1|5.0|The Bach Partitias and Sonatas for Solo Violin are my favorite works of classical music, and I really think that you could play them on an accordion and they'd sound wonderful.<br /><br />Therefore, I think that having multiple artistic interpretations of these pieces should be an essential part of any Bach or classical music lover's collection.<br /><br />Unfortunately, until recently I've satisfied myself with just Grumiaux's interpretations, which I found to be near perfection.<br /><br />Luckily though I broke out of this prejudice and purchased Hilary Hahn's playing of 3 of the pieces and now the Rachel Podger CDs.<br /><br />Podger's playing is very elegant and refined, never flashy and showy-even though she plays the most difficult passages with an unmistakeable virtuosity.<br /><br />Listening to them, I feel almost as though I'm in an 18th century drawing room, wearing a powdered wig and hearing the most sublime music.  She brings the best of tradition and modern techniques to the playing of these pieces, and the result is a top-shelf classical music CD.
B000QFAJ7S|4.0|It's clear what the rumors are about, and there is good reason why the record company didn't want this released.  Kelly's bitter here, much like a high school junior would be bitter if the senior boy she was crushed up on turned out to be dating the prom queen.  And this CD is the pop rock equivalent of the scribblings in that girl's diary, complete with roughly-drawn effigies of crush and girlfriend.  And yet, just as there is a cringing pleasure in re-reading those journal entries once you've gone out in the world and steeled yourself against such tragedies, there is a whole lot of fun in hearing Kelly using her pipes to bring real drama to what was probably a very short period in her young, otherwise charmed life.    I'm enough of a fan to have tracked down a Q&A with her talking about how she has moved on personally from the place where these songs were written, and that her performance of these songs are now a bit of theater.  It's a relief, because this stuff is pretty angry. It would be a shame to think that she didn't fuel this project with real grief, but it would be worse to think that she was still wallowing in it.  Good thing she let it out and let it go in such a listenable way.
0805028846|4.0|I am a museum educator and ordered this book to help me plan a class on paper engineering.  I have found the directions well written and the illustrations clear and simple to follow.  The projects are appropriate for a range of abilities and there are a number of beautiful examples of ways to take the simpler techniques further.  Some require a steady hand on an exacto knife and others merely need scissors, but I have been very impressed with the book thus far.
1594489505|5.0|A tale about the tremendous strength and intuitive survival instincts of women living in a difficult culture during a difficult time. The characters are so real and relatable the reader has a clear understanding of what they do and why even in unfathomable circumstances. This book exemplifies the power of love and sacrifice for love that women possess. It is inspiration and moving....a book that will touch your soul. The ending is perfect and is exactly as it should have been. I didn't feel a sense of closure after reading the Kite Runner but absolutely did with this book.
B000002LUB|4.0|I agree with the other reviewers on this one, this is an un-noticed metal masterpiece; front-to-back.  You can tell these guys (Ronnie Dio, Tony Iommi, Geezer Butler, Vinnie Apice) got together with one thing in mind...make a great, thought-provoking, complex, metal barn-burner that fans would like better than their previous high-point; \\"Heaven and Hell\\".  In my opinion, this is musically as good or better than \\"H&H\\" and definietly better than \\"Mob Rules\\".    How did this album go so un-noticed?  I don't know, maybe it was the absolutely stupid, and un-marketable artwork.  It looks like they went to the local grade-school at the last minute and asked for volunteers to make a Black Sabbath CD cover.  I had a difficult time sharing this CD with my friends because of the embarrasing cover!   :0)    That said; we all know what REALLY matters is the music, so buy it and you'll love it!
B000FWHVKA|3.0|While this is a very innovative album, I would offer caution to anyone diving in without knowing the content.  The album is not listener friendly.  It demands a familiarity of electronic music and especially IDM to appreciate some of the tunes these two put together.  Some of the vocoder manipulations of the vocals can be disturbing.  However, the music itself is very catchy and enjoyable.  All it takes is a matter of getting past the arm that The Knife puts out to keep people from immersing themselves in this album.  The uptempo beat tracks are the standouts.  However, almost half the album wallows in downtempo stretches that can test the patience of the mainstream ear.  Overall, the album is very well produced with interesting electronic arrangements.  However, the album as a whole is not one that I connect with emotionally.  Not that this music makes any attempt at human warmth.
B00005JPFE|4.0|When the trailers for this film first started their television run, I had some reservations about it.  Here we have a movie about a rat, the most disgusting of creatures, with culinary ambitions in France!!!<br /><br />Heaven forbid!<br /><br />However, after having seen the film, I had to change my tune.  \\"Ratatouille\\" is a thoroughly entertaining movie that is perfect family fare for the summer.<br /><br />Of course, some of the storyline is bit above the heads of the real small fry (They need a little more appreciation of the restaurant biz).  However, that aside, the movie carries on the tradition of wholesome entertainment, started by the late Mr. Disney.<br /><br />In fact, \\"Ratatouille\\" probably comes closest to being in the Disney mold than any of the previous Disney/Pixar collaborations in terms of story, attention to detail, scoring, and inspired casting.<br /><br />Peter O'Toole and Brad Garrett are fantastic in their small but significant roles.<br /><br />And the scenes of Paris: \\"Tres magnifique!\\"
B000PY52EU|3.0|Black Sanke Moan is an interesting movie about this girl that have a sexual addition and \\"Samuel L. Jackson\\" decides to cure her by fasten her into a chain in his house.<br /><br />What bother's me is that this is more like a male sexual fantasy than drama. It's very annoying!! On every scene where Christina appears she is modeling and dressing sexy (even when she is not moving), the camera focus mainly on showing her body in a sexy way!! That has nothing to do with her illness!!!!!!<br /><br />This could be like pornography mixing with drama! Because this whole thing about curing someone with chains is kind of \\"kinki\\"! and besides being alone with a tied sexy woman in a lonelly house and taking care of her is also a sexual fantasy. Of course this movie could be made in the tradition of \\"Blaxploitation\\" where white women are the award of black heroes! but I hope Im wrong.<br /><br />Im a male, so I do like women! but I must admit that when there are using women in a VERY sexual way is sometimes kind of sick!! The movie is good but it didn't have to be THAT way!! the story and concept are interesting but Im not so sure that I did like the way it was made.<br /><br />Adios.
B00005JPD0|4.0|I heard next to nothing about this movie after it was released in theaters, so I was pleasantly surprised to find it such a great watch when I saw it on dvd.  Facinating storyline, great characters, enables you to \\"suspend your disbelief\\" enough to truly get into it and enjoy it despite it's complete basis in fiction.  Kind of sci-fi, which I also didn't know.  Completely engrossing.
B00005JPLW|5.0|I pre-ordered this movie a month before its release date. I just couldn't say enough about it if I tried. I have seen, literally, thousands of movies in my life, but very, very few leave me blown away. There were scenes in this movie where I found it difficult to breathe, I was so enrapt.
B000Q6GXW2|5.0|If you have a HDTV then you owe it to yourself to get either the Blu-Ray or HD-DVD version of this film, it simply looks stunning either way.    However, the Blu-Ray version is pretty much crippled in terms of extra features. There is already noise that a 2nd version will have to be released later on down the road to equal all the extra stuff that's on the HD-DVD version.    What's included on the HD-DVD that's missing on the DVD and Blu-Ray releases?    Bluescreen Picture-in-Picture Version (the raw footage as shot) with commentary.    Web-enabled extras  - Pick Your Favorite Scenes, save and share them on the web.  - Vengeance and Valor game  - Web interface for merchandise (?) Not sure that's a feature, but there you go...
B00006JDVV|4.0|This movie was silly, but I enjoyed it anyway.  Can you really get enough when it comes to good-looking men fighting dragons?
B00000F169|5.0|I guess it had to be done, and I had to have a copy in DVD as the VHS format is on its way out (changing formats again? Greedy entertainment providers will be the frustration of us all.). Story line limps, but the whole comedy aspect revolves around the \\"alien\\" beach ball being punctured and flying all over the place (a good \\"funny once\\"). Buy it, enjoy it a few times, then sell it to make space for better entertainment.
6305718903|3.0|Had I seen STIGMATA first I probably would have likes it alot more. Having read and seen DAVINCI CODE,EXORCIST,AGNES OF GOD and the like, nothing really surprised me or was new to me about what was presented.The Gospel of Thomas, told about in the postscript, has been around for years. That orthodox theologians keep condemning it is nothing new. The Roman and non Roman Churches have been doing THAT for thousands of years! My rub was this: STIGMATA was more flash than substance.I just simply found it to be a very average and mostly uninteresting film .Screenwriter Rick Ramage has done better work in later years.
B000HEWEEE|5.0|the seller got the movie to me amazingly fast. it was a very good copy. at least as good as advertised!
1582701709|1.0|While reading The Secret, it occurred to me that Christians have no secrets. In fact, quite the opposite. While Rhonda Byrnes claims that a secret power of attraction is the law of the universe, Christianity claims that a God of loving revelation is at the heart of reality. Byrnes claims that The Secret is compatible with Christianity. Nothing could be further from the truth. The principles laid out in The Secret are the antithesis of Christianity.  Here are just a few examples:     The Secret teaches that YOU yourself are responsible for your own salvation while Christianity teaches that we cannot save ourselves but are redeemed by Jesus.    The Secret promotes narcissism and materialism. Christianity promotes community and detachment from material goods.    The Secret teaches that the universe is your \\"genie\\" - here to serve you. Christianity teaches that we are stewards of God's creation called to share with and serve others.     I could go on. My point is that The Secret presents itself as a spirituality when it is nothing more than a selfish mindset.     Joe Paprocki  [[ASIN:0829424512 The Catechist's Toolbox: How to Thrive As a Religion Education Teacher]]  [[ASIN:0829420762 Living The Mass: How One Hour A Week Can Change Your Life]]  [[ASIN:082942069X God's Library: A Catholic Introduction to the World's Greatest Book]]
B000NA28I4|2.0|I would think this is a film where you should not read the book first.<br /><br />I finally saw and was a little disappointed as it could have been so much more.<br /><br />Characters were left out or lessoned to a simple extra.  Some of the characters are rather important for the second book so I doubt there will be a second movie.<br /><br />Of the other reviews, I think people forget a teenager wrote the book.  You can definitely see the influences in the story line;  Tolkien, Lewis, McCaffrey, and even Lucas.<br /><br />The script overall was mediocre.  I think they were thinking Tolkien and ended up the DragonHeart.  I just did not get the relationship between Brom and Eragon.  There is next to no character development for Murtagh let alone interaction with Eragon.  Now the Dwarves and Arya!  What happened to them?  They just didn't look like Dwarves and an Elf.  The fighting was meh.  I just didn't get into it.  The Shade and the Ra'Zac just weren't creepy.  Didn't the Urgal have horns!<br /><br />Actors were ok.  Much as I find Rachel Weisz hot; I didn't care for her as Saphira.  Her voice wasn't husky enough for what I think a Dragon would sound like.  Edward Speelers?  Not what I envisioned for Eragon but he did ok.  Jeremy Irons and John Malkovich are great actors but they really didn't have much to work with on the script.<br /><br />The extras on the DVD was the director talking about the film.  Just was not interested to hear his excuses.<br /><br />I will be surprised if Eldest makes it to the screen.  The story is more complex then Eragon.
B000007MVL|3.0|While I wouldn't technically call this a sophomore slump, it definitely falls short of her excellent debut, \\"The Kick Inside\\", and gives no inkling as to the greatness that would follow.  One gets the feeling that this may have been rushed a bit, probably by the record company, in order to capitalize on her early success.  The songs follow in much the same piano-driven mode as the first album but, while that one had nave charm to fall back upon in spades, this one suffers from the occasional overreach and misstep.  The only songs that stand out, for me, are \\"Symphony in Blue\\", \\"Wow\\", and \\"Hammer Horror\\", with honorable mentions going to \\"Fullhouse\\" and \\"Kashka from Baghdad\\".  Of course, if you're a budding Kate fan, this review won't matter because you're going to buy this anyway.  And, you should, as a matter of fact, because it's worth having.  It's just not her best.
0446310786|5.0|This book is so wonderful. I suggest reading it in the summer, when the book takes place.  But no matter when you read it, read it. I was born in the late 60s and this reminds me so much of hot summer days, sibling relationships, all kinds of wonderful things.  It's great for a casual read that takes you to another place.  It's also great for the deep thinking reader who loves symbolism and likes to read between the lines.  If you have not read it, you may want to get a study guide to do along with it.  I know, you are not in school! But the study guides really point out the deeper meanings, get you thinking in a new light. NO you do not need a study guide at all, I just find it adds a new element for the reader.<br /><br />After you read the book, see the movie!
B00000DQSS|4.0|After her first two albums, which were relatively conventional by comparison, this one had to be a real shocker.  Especially with her second release, \\"Lionheart\\", it must have seemed like she was headed down the safe and uninteresting road of record company chanteuse.  But, with this album, Kate evidently said \\"Thanks for getting me started, but I'll take it from here\\", and didn't look back.  From the artwork alone, you knew you were in for something different:  On the front, there's all manner of beasties and monsters emanating from her nether-regions, and, on the back, we're terrorized by several Kate-bats in flight.  Inside, the music is markedly different as well, with much greater diversity in style, structure, and theme.  Even though her best was yet to come, this may be her most important album in that it really laid the groundbreaking groundwork for her future masterpieces.  Here is where we first hear her really exercising those legendary pipes of hers, and develop the unique vocal stylings for which she would become most renowned.  Also, there seems to be much more attention given to the overall flow of the album, with one song often dovetailing into the next.  This is, of course, something she would completely master on \\"Hounds of Love\\".  This is also where she started making really interesting (if amateurish, by even mid-80's standards) videos for the singles off an album (which, here, would include \\"Babooshka\\", \\"Army Dreamers\\", and \\"Breathing\\"), another key element in her road to success.  Aside from the singles, I also really like \\"Delius\\" (one of my favorite songs of all time), \\"Blow Away\\", and \\"All We Ever Look For\\".  Not everything works completely here, but, hey, that's what happens when you experiment and take chances.  And, because of the lessons learned here, she would go on to make two of the absolute best albums of the 80's.  For her videos, be sure to get a hold of either \\"The Whole Story\\" or \\"The Single File\\" compilations.
B000P2A256|2.0|After hearing \\"Makes Me Wonder\\" on the radio I instantly wanted to buy the new album by Maroon 5. I loved \\"Songs About Jane\\" and I thought if the new track is any indication, they have changed their sound and made something fresh and catchy that I could listen to. I was wrong, maybe it's me, but other than \\"Makes Me Wonder,\\" all the other tracks on this CD are boring and nothing that I can get hooked on. Some of the tracks reminded me of very \\"poppy\\" Britney Spears songs and it made me sad to see Maroon 5 conform to pop music and completely abandon their old jazzy sound. I really like the band and I'm hoping they will release a 3rd album with more of the elements that put them where they are today.
B000006U44|4.0|Here we have the stunningly original and utterly charming debut of one very young English lass, Kate Bush.  While the piano-driven melodies are obviously inspired by Carole King, the rest belongs to Kate and Kate alone.  This is definitely a product of the 70's and, as such, has a classic rock feel to it.  As a result, many who might give it a first-time spin nowadays might find it a bit dated, perhaps even a bit corny, and that's a darn shame.  In my old age (well, OK, middle age, I'll cut myself some slack for a change), I've become just as jaded and cynical as the next guy, but, in order to enjoy this masterpiece for what it is, you really need to just check all that baggage at the door and allow yourself to be enchanted.  This now inspires me to hop up on my soapbox for a minute:  I'd like to say that I am really, REALLY tired of all the young little divas in recent years who pretend to be all sexy, soulful, and world-wise.  Like there's such a thing as a 19-year old from the `burbs who knows the first thing about life and how to live it!  Please give me a break!  I wish the current batch of diva-wannabees would go back and take a page out of Kate's book.  Of course, that would require that they actually get creative and write some real SONGS, but that would involve real work and we certainly can't have THAT, now can we?  It's much easier to have other people write a bunch of titillating drivel for you, and then have some producer lay down a cookie-cutter groove with everything altered by computers.  Yawn, ho-hum, whatever.  Whew, that feels better!  I'll step back down from my soapbox now.<br /><br />So, what's a teenage white girl (who's had a reasonably privileged, sheltered upbringing) supposed to write about if she's going to do it all herself and be honest about it???  Well, as it turns out, all sorts of things.  She could pretend to be a character in her favorite novel.  She could write about fantasy scenarios based on old movies.  Or, as a thesis, she could start out with seemingly mundane, everyday events and imbue them with a sense of the mystical.  The sky's the limit, really.  Of course, there's the expected musings on love and romance, mainly in the wide-eyed sense of what the future might have in store.  There is some sexually-oriented stuff, but it's quite honest and relates the clumsiness and awkwardness, as well as the beauty, of an early encounter.  As far as the songs themselves go, there's not a clunker here.  But, aside from the classic \\"Wuthering Heights\\", I'd like to say that I especially enjoy \\"Moving\\", \\"The Saxophone Song\\", \\"Oh to be in Love\\", \\"L'amour Looks Something Like You\\", and the haunting title track.  \\"Them Heavy People\\" is lyrically very interesting and concerns her struggle with intellectualism, a theme to which she would return throughout her career.<br /><br />While Kate would go on to make technically better albums (e.g. \\"The Dreaming\\" and \\"The Hounds of Love\\"), this would come at the price of at least some degree of solipsism and artistic pretension.  Also, her voice hadn't quite developed yet into the powerhouse it would later become (refer to her re-recording of \\"Wuthering Heights\\" on \\"The Whole Story\\" compilation - wow, what a difference!), and a little weakness is evident as she occasionally has to strain to sing over some of the arrangements.  However, her debut is tough to beat in terms of outright charm.  Finally, if you dig this, be sure to get a copy of her \\"Live at Hammersmith Odeon\\" video and you'll be able to see many of these songs performed onstage as little theater-pieces.t out with seemingly mundane, everyday events and imbue them with a sense of the mystical.  The sky's the limit, really.  Of course, there's the expected musings on love and romance, mainly in the wide-eyed sense of what the future might have in store.  There is some sexually-oriented stuff, but it's quite honest and relates the clumsiness and awkwardness, as well as the beauty, of an early encounter.  As far as the songs themselves go, there's not a clunker here.  But, aside from the classic \\"Wuthering Heights\\", I'd like to say that I especially enjoy \\"Moving\\", \\"The Saxophone Song\\", \\"Oh to be in Love\\", \\"L'amour Looks Something Like You\\", and the haunting title track.  \\"Them Heavy People\\" is lyrically very interesting and concerns her struggle with intellectualism, a theme to which she would return throughout her career.    While Kate would go on to make technically better albums (e.g. \\"The Dreaming\\" and \\"The Hounds of Love\\"), this would come at the price of at least some degree of solipsism and artistic pretension.  Also, her voice hadn't quite developed yet into the powerhouse it would later become (refer to her re-recording of \\"Wuthering Heights\\" on \\"The Whole Story\\" compilation - wow, what a difference!), and a little weakness is evident as she occasionally has to strain to sing over some of the arrangements.  However, her debut is tough to beat in terms of outright charm.  Finally, if you dig this, be sure to get a copy of her \\"Live at Hammersmith Odeon\\" video and you'll be able to see many of these songs performed onstage as little theater-pieces.
